["Junie , is an ice cream vendor, who goes around selling ice cream to children, and adults alike. After his shift, Junie get's in a predicament with a rival vendor Dodoy . Their manager, angered by their actions, demotes Junie to a warehouse guard. Dodoy celebrates, only to be demoted too, working a different shift than that of Junie. Junie goes home in a bad mood, until he sees the love of his life, Liana . After dinner, Junie get's ready to sleep, to work a new job the next day. While on the job, Junie accidentally swallows a spider, thus giving him web slinging abilities, and becoming Gagamboy. After his shift, Dodoy comes in to his work, and leaves a sandwich unprotected. A roach slips into his sandwich, and as he eats it, he collapses, only to regain consciousness as a large roach. He hires two henchmen, and calls himself, Ipisman . Junie and Dodoy, both try to win Liana's love. Dodoy practically gives up, only to return as Ipisman, to kidnap Liana to lure Gagamboy to his lair. There, he plans to finish off Gagamboy, but the tables turned and Dodoy was destroyed."] ['Mamarazzi is the story of a mother who constantly pries into the lives of her three children, often resulting in riotous and hilarious situations. Fifteen years ago, Violy Langit , an owner of a small funeral parlor, learns that she is suffering from a medical condition that requires her to undergo a hysterectomy. All her life, she’s wanted to have children; she realizes that she has to do it before the procedure. But Violy has no man in her life &mdash; no husband, no boyfriend, no suitors. She seeks the help of her best friend, Mandy . Out of pity and love for Violy, Mandy offers his boyfriend Carlo  to serve as a sperm donor. With Mandy’s blessing, Violy and Carlo share a night filled with romance, passion, and mystery &mdash; for after that night, Carlo disappears completely from the lives of Violy and Mandy. Violy gets her wish. She is blessed with a set of triplets &mdash; two girls, Peachy and Strawberry , and one boy, Dingdong  &mdash; which she raises as a single mother. As the children gets older, Violy, with all her might, does all ways and means to have happy kids even to the extent of helping her son get the girl that he wants: Mimi . Being an extremely controlling and overly nosy mother makes her kids wonder about their mom’s intentions. Little do her children know that all she’s doing is to make her family happy. Adding to the children’s frustration is getting her mom to reveal the real identity of their father. As tensions run high and emotions soar, their story explodes in a flurry of shocking, funny, and quirky revelations that forever change everyone’s life.'] ['Separated by both physical and emotional distance, siblings Danny , Art  and Grace  settle a land dispute whilst their mother Dolores "Loleng" Rosales  succumbs to debilitating disease. Old resentments begin to surface and spill over to the next generation as they cope with Loleng\'s sickness and the tract of land left to them by their deceased father.'] ['Melinda Uy is a billionaire widow whose life is a rags-to-riches story. The daughter of a Chinese immigrant and a Filipino small businessman, Melinda had been a victim of discrimination in the local Chinese community, being only half-Chinese. Melinda was only in her late teens when she got married to Alfonso Uy, the scion of the wealthy Uy clan. But Alfonso’s parents frown upon the marriage, believing that it is cursed. Disappointed with Alfonso’s choice of wife, they disinherit him. The couple strike out on their own, starting a small business from scratch as they raise a family of their own. But, as Alfonso’s parents predicted, a string of misfortunes hounds the marriage. The business they put up enjoys only a brief period of prosperity before it goes bankrupt. And just when they are slowly recovering from their financial woes, fire breaks out in their residence, wiping out everything they own. But the worst is yet to come. By this time, the couple already have four children, namely Carol, the eldest, followed by Stephanie, Audrey and Walden. But the kids would not enjoy the company of their father for long. Unexpectedly, Alfonso dies of a massive stroke. A widow at a young age, Melinda along with her children is compelled to live with her in-laws who maltreat her. One day, Melinda, along with eldest child Carol, returns to the house of her in-laws from a visit to her mother. Melinda is shocked to find out that she is no longer welcome. She is driven away after a failed attempt to take Carol away from her. Little Stephanie, Audrey and Walden are left behind in the house of the in-laws. Melinda’s efforts to take custody of them come to naught as her in-laws manage to hide the children from her. Melinda goes through hell in her attempts to take back her children. But Melinda’s determination is no match to the power of her in-laws. Short of giving up, Melinda vows to someday take back her children as she channels her efforts to succeed financially, while continually monitoring the condition of her three children from afar. Growing up away from her mother, Stephanie learns to hate Melinda, thanks to the constant brainwashing of aunt Olive who finds pleasure in demonizing Melinda. Melinda experiences a good turn of fortune in the years that follow. She becomes one of the most wealthy and powerful women in the business community. At about this time, the fortunes of her once powerful in-laws are on the decline. But Stephanie, now a young adult who’s already taking over the businesses of her aunt Olive and grandparents, is about to get married to a shady character, the dashingly handsome Daniel Chan. Melinda is now ready to revive her claim on her three children, but years of separation make it seem impossible for her to win back their love. But the news of Stephanie’s marriage to Daniel Chan alarms Melinda, forcing the powerful widow to act, thus putting her on a collision course with Olive and the in-laws. This time, Melinda is determined to succeed in having back her grown-up children. And this time, events transpire to make Melinda prove to her estranged children how much she really loves them.'] ["Sandy and Dale, both Overseas Workers in Dubai, are busy preparing for their wedding. Upon reaching her home, Sandy learns from her mother, Tessie, what happened to her friend, Helen. A short time after Helen's father died, Helen proceeded with her wedding. A few weeks after the wedding, Helen's husband dies in a plane crash. As Helen goes to the crash site, she dies in a bus accident. A few weeks later, Helen's mother suddenly disappears inside her house. Their bodies have never been recovered. Sandy proceeds with her own wedding. During the ceremony, her nose bleeds and she starts seeing glimpses of a ghostly flower girl. It turns out that she is not the only one who saw it, as the psychic Joya and the daughter of her husband's cousin, also saw the flower girl. Hours later, Sandy and Dale learn that the van carrying some of the secondary sponsors met an accident. When they arrive at the site, the victims' bodies could not be found, and instead they see a wedding cord. Sandy's relatives and friends then disappear one by one and things become more mysterious when Sandy receives their respective wedding photos. The people who died are all headless in the photos, and they realise that these people are bound to die. Joya tells Sandy that she is cursed by sukob —the Filipino belief that it is bad luck for siblings to get married within the same year. Sandy is shocked, as no one in her family has died recently nor gotten married. In searching for the truth, Sandy unearths a dark family secret. Sandy goes to her hometown with Dale and while staying at a hotel, Dale suddenly disappears and Sandy finds a candle where he was standing. She goes to the police station but the station runs out of electricity, while tables and chairs begin to move by themselves. Sandy runs outside and as she drives her car, she accidentally hits a pregnant lady named Diana. She helps Diana and, after asking questions, finds out they are really half-sisters. Both realise they were married in the same year and on the same day, and one must sacrifice a life in order to break the curse. Diana and Sandy go to the church where Diana was wed but they are chased by the ghostly flower girl. They are trapped at the top of the belfry and the flower girl, whose mission is to take the life of the sacrificed, attempts to touch Diana's belly. This meant that her baby is the sacrifice. Sandy stops the ghost and falls from the belfry, dying and thus breaking the curse. Diana finally meets their father, and the movie ends when he sees the ghosts of his wife and Sandy, causing him to scream."] ['It has been six months since Laida Magtalas won the heart of her prince charming Miggy Montenegro and it has been nothing but good. Laida got promoted from executive assistant to account executive, while Miggy has been doing well as he is being mentored by his older brother Art Montenegro. Laida had gotten an offer from her aunt in Canada where she is being given a good recommendation in order for her to work there. Miggy\'s father vouched for his promotion as general manager of the family\'s industrial laundry business in Laguna but this also prompted a few hesitations from Art. The promotion proved difficult for the couple\'s relationship as time was very constraint and the relationship suffers from the pressures of being apart. This is only aggravated by Macoy, who Miggy is jealous of, as they become close once again. Macoy is Laida\'s long time friend who she had a fall-out with when Macoy did not keep his promise to her by going to the same college.Things went further haywire when Miggy had to fix a few issues in the plant when he accepted orders from his brother Art\'s ex-girlfriend, Christina. Her company\'s demand volume was too much for their man-power thus making some workers unhappy which lead to a labour strike. His father stepped in and help resolve the issue but Miggy had to set expectations to the clients affected by the strike. Those business meetings that preceded prompted Miggy to almost miss a wedding that Laida and him would go to. He got there late and saw Laida crying with Macoy beside her, emotions clashed between the two and they decided to cool-off for the time being. The industrial laundry business soon was working in optimum efficiency which made his brother trust him more, to the point of having him take over the family telecom stake in China. In the Montenegro group of companies annual general meeting, Laida saw Miggy for the first time after the argument, laida simply said "Good Morning Sir", then left the venue right away. At the actual meeting, Miggy was announced as the officer in charge of the telecoms business. Macoy talked sense to Laida to go back and pursue Miggy. She met Miggy in the garden where she said she still loved him, Miggy suggested that it will be a more challenging time for them, but he also said he loved her. The two share a ten-second kiss which Laida times.'] ['Ahmad  belongs to the Bangsamoro people. While many of his kind are bent on fighting, thinking that Mindanao is only for the Muslims, Ahmad prefers to live a simple and peaceful life. He works as a doctor in Manila while his wife, Fatima , and his only son, Ibrahim, stay in Mindanao with his mother, Farida . Ahmad is shocked and devastated when Fatima breaks the confounding news. Ibrahim was killed by a stray bullet when vigilantes indiscriminately fire at their village. Ahmad goes back to where he came from --- Mindanao. Ibrahim’s death did not cause Ahmad to stop striving to live a peaceful life, much to the consternation of his brother, Musa . His brother takes an exactly opposite stand. Musa believes in waging a war against all the Kaafir  who may impede the Moro’s goal of independence. He even trains his young son, Rashid  to a Muslim warrior’s life. Ahmad wishes to bring his family to Manila in order to escape the conflict in Mindanao but convinces no one, even his mother. Farida is apparently used to a life of constantly running away from crossfire. His wife, Fatima, wishes to stay where the memory of his son remains. Ahmad is now challenged to continue his life’s vocation as a healer in his war-torn homeland. One day, the MILF headed by Musa, together with Rashid, bombed a police station near a public marketplace. Francis , a young Catholic boy, is separated from his parents during the confusion and follows Rashid. Rashid grudgingly takes Francis with him and introduces him to his co-villagers. Francis goes wherever Ahmad and his people go. Francis and Rashid, at their very young age, are the personification of the rival Christian and Muslim who find themselves prejudiced against each other because of ignorance. Ahmad’s group flees the war by evacuating their village and looking from one place or another for a safe haven in the hope of avoiding crossfire and finding a safe place to live in. Ahmad, in his new role as the leader, discovers the pain and suffering that innocent people have gone, and still, go through just because they find themselves in the middle of a war… a war which they did not instigate. Ahmad learns more about his own people. He learns about how the government takes them for granted. He learns about how the Moro, as a people, strive to fight for their rights and liberty. Ahmad also learns that in his veins still runs the blood of a Muslim and offers the ultimate sacrifice. In the end, one realizes that nobody really wins in a war. A just peace is better than a just war.'] ['In the academe, Nicolas “Nico” Veneracion Borromeo is a highly-esteemed History of Architecture professor who is on his way to becoming the next Vice Dean of the Department. He knows that achieving this would finally make his mother proud of him and forgive him for indirectly causing his father’s death. And yet, when he meets an unconventional girl named Sandra “Sasa” Sanchez, his world turns upside down. He never thought that he could fall in love with someone who works as a promo-girl and is obviously unacceptable in his life.'] ["Being the loving older sister, Barbara  has always been overly indulgent of her little sister Ruth's every whim. Years later, Barbara meets and instantly falls in love with Nick , who is mutually smitten with her. But the spoiled Ruth  confesses to her older sister that she too is in love with Nick and threatens to kill herself if he does not marry her. So with a heavy heart, Barbara once again passively accommodates Ruth's demands and convinces Nick to court her younger sister instead. In a twisted act of devotion, Nick reluctantly agrees to marry Ruth, to prove his love for Barbara. After the wedding, Barbara then decides to start a new life abroad, to give Nick a chance to truly fall in love with Ruth and for Barbara to get over her feelings for him. Her past comes back to haunt her  when Barbara receives news that her younger sister has killed herself and was witnessed by Ruth's only daughter Karen . Barbara immediately returns to the Philippines to mourn her sister and comfort her unstable niece. But strange events happen upon Barbara's return and she learns the reason surrounding Ruth's mysterious death. Throughout their marriage, Ruth felt that Nick never really loved her, but instead still harboured feelings for her sister. In a state of paranoid delusion, she suspects that Nick was having an affair and used his business trips to the States as an excuse to rendezvous with Barbara. In a jealous rage, she commits suicide and haunts the household through a doll to extract revenge on everyone who wronged her."] ["On the last day of the People Power Revolution in the Philippines in February 1986, 10-year-old Lucas Munozca  finds himself swept up with a euphoric crowd that has entered the grounds of the Malacañang Presidential Palace. Lost in the tumult, Lucas stumbles into a room where the president's wife, Imelda Marcos, kept her infamous shoe collection. He plans to filch two pairs but only manages to steal one pair—for poetic justice and for love. Lucas gives the pair of red shoes from the country's First Lady to the first ladies of his life. The right shoe he gives to his mother, Chat , who ekes out a living giving manicures and pedicures while seemingly unable to recover from the loss of her husband, Domingo , the father of her only son, who was among the 169 workers said to have been buried alive when the upper levels of the Manila Film Center collapsed under construction in 1981 for the Manila International Film Festival project of the First Lady. The left shoe Lucas gifts to the love of his life, Bettina , the daughter of one of her mother's wealthy manicure home service customers. Lucas and Bettina eventually become a couple years later and go steady for 13 years until a betrayal ends the relationship. At this point, the red shoes again become crucial for both mother and son in their attempt to overcome their respective loneliness: Chat, in trying to contact her husband from beyond the grave through Madame Vange , a spiritist whose main job is being an Imelda impersonator; and Lucas, in trying to redeem himself for having lost his true love in a moment of weakness."] ['{{Plot}} Arah  dreams of a better life—different from the life she knows in Bukidnon. Ranches everywhere are closing one by one. The glory her hometown once knew was slowly disappearing in favour of life abroad, particularly in Australia. Arah believes this too. Australia will save them from poverty. But Migo  does not share this belief. He believes that Bukidnon’s glory will return if only people didn’t leave. When Arah’s father suddenly encounters an accident, Arah is left with no choice but to seek better opportunities to earn money. Arah, in desperation accepts money from the Australian rancher Brian in exchange for a contract. Her decision breaks Migo’s heart. The two part ways, their problems unresolved. With the help of her co-workers, especially her new found friend, Ina , Arah slowly adjusted to the life in Australia. She is willing to hold her ground and tough it up along with the boys just to fulfill her dreams for herself and her family. It was this determination that caught the attention of the cold and mysterious Brian. Meanwhile, Migo was experiencing his own wave of reality. Bukidnon is not what it used to be. And fighting to keep a ranch alive and working is something he cannot do without enough experience. Despite his enthusiasm and hard work, his investments crumble slowly until he is left with nothing but a humbling realization—there is money in Australia, but his dreams shouldn’t really end there. Migo decides to give the land down under a try. With fierce hopes of earning back what he lost, he flies to Australia, to the land where his beloved Arah went when she left him for her dreams. Suddenly, Migo’s presence at the ranch is making Arah suspicious. It’s been years—why is he suddenly there? But destiny has other plans for the two. By a simple twist of fate, the two are thrown together on an errand. The close proximity forces the two to confront their past. And undeniably, their feelings for each other resurface. Will Arah let Migo in her heart again or will she let him go completely for the sake of Brian and her family? And will Migo find the courage to fight for her or learn to accept that he has lost her forever?'] ["The spurned lover Adonis  has to win over Athena's only Son; Atong  to court his single Mom; Athena . Atong decided the only kind of man good enough for his mother is a man with a big family. Adonis' help from his friends to work in special effects to transformed into his pretending imaginary family in disguise: a spunky Lola & a wacky Black American to able to win the Athena’s heart to convince Atong that Adonis is good enough to win the love of his life.http://www.flixster.com/movie/supahpapalicious#"] ['Rodriguez and Dauden play sisters and Arenas and Marzan best friends who go abroad for to Italy for work. Arenas becomes angry when Rodriguez sends a letter that she is pregnant.'] ["Victor  started drinking when his wife Linda  suddenly died although he keeps it from his son Tom Tom . One day, Victor thinks of a way by which he can make others who are also mourning feel better—and make some money in the process. With the help of two cohorts, Wally  and George , Victor passes himself off as an Ispiritist who can communicate with restless spirits for a price. His son has no idea that his dad is a fake medium and in fact, idolizes his father. He proudly tells his classmates that his father gets rids of ghosts for a living. Victor is hired by Tom Tom’s school to speak to the ghost of a little girl and ask her to leave the campus. As his dad prepares, a surprised Tom Tom discovers that he can see and talk to Didith , the little girl’s ghost. She tells Tom Tom what needs to be done to calm her restless soul. Tom Tom obeys her instructions, and she stops haunting the school. Victor takes the credit and accepts the school’s thanks for a job well done. After this success, Victor quickly finds more ghost-busting work. Impressed by how he handled the school ghost, Lalaine  hires Victor to rid her boarding house of a quartet of spirits  who are scaring her boarders. Victor promptly accepts, believing Lalaine might be a possible wife for him and a mother for his son. However, Lalaine discovered his con not only losing a love interest but also the respect of his son.{{cite news}} Just when Victor is about to apologize for his sins, he realizes that he has suddenly developed the power to see and speak to ghosts. Victor realizes what he must make up for his lies. During the film's climax, Victor, Tom Tom, Lalaine, Wally, George, and an absent-minded priest Fr. Ben  must enter a haunted mansion and get rid of the spirits that inhabit it."] ["Sonny Corpus , an inhabitant the slums of Manila, frequently hangs out with his friends Celso, Jimmy, and Rodel. Everything changes when Sonny gets involved with a robbery perpetrated by his friends. During the robbery, Jimmy and Rodel are killed, along with an old lady. Although he was not responsible for the deaths, Sonny is convicted and is sentenced to death row. After a harsh introduction to prison life, and unable to cope with decision of the court, he quickly finds his place among the convicts. Mio, a fellow inmate who holds a certain amount of power within the prison hierarchy, attempts to recruit Sonny as a dealer for his cocaine smuggling business, and Sonny hesitantly accepts. Mio's second-in-command, Gabino, attempts to win Sonny's support for a coup he's quietly planning. But when Sonny decides to stand by Mio, Gabino exacts revenge by severely beating Sonny. Later, Sonny is taken in by an inmate named Lolo Sinat , an old gangster who seems to be the most powerful and senior inmate on death row."] ['In 1898, a band of Spanish soldiers heroically defended Baler (which was not yet the capital municipality of [[Aurora  against Filipino forces for 337 long and grueling days. The battle, now referred to as the Siege of Baler, is the setting of a forbidden love between a Mestizo soldier  and a Filipina lass  who lived at the end of the 19th century.'] ["A man named Manuel Pineda  is ill and has only has six months to live, but there is one thing left in his life that he wants to do, which is to find Corazon, his beloved. His family has its own problems, as his son Rod  is still mourning to his wife's death, while Rod's son, Kyle , has recently been dumped by his wife Peggy. Manuel starts to search Corazon somewhere in Ilocos, but she is not there. Rod and Kyle pick him up from Ilocos, and on the way home their car breaks down. Manuel takes this opportunity to tell them why he was in Ilocos. Manuel's past is revealed in an extensive flashback. In his youth Manuel's  best friends include a fellow teen named Domingo  and two lasses both named Corazon they refer to as Cora  and Azon . Manuel falls in love with the lively and cheery Azon, not knowing that Cora has a secret crush on him. Unfortunate news arrives when Azon tells Manuel that her mother wants to move far away. Azon asks Manuel to come with them, but Manuel declines. Before spending the night together, Azon gives Manuel a piece of her pendant, and tells him that if the pendant returns her necklace then they are meant to be together. Manuel wakes up with Azon gone. Not long after, the Second World War erupts in the Philippines and Manuel and Domingo join the army. Azon tries to find a way to say goodbye to Manuel, but is unable to reach him. However, she manages to meet Domingo, who explains the situation. Azon gives Domingo her address and tells him to tell Manuel to find her. During the war, Domingo and Manuel are captured by the enemy and walks the Death March. Domingo is so wounded badly that he can't walk. Domingo gives Manuel Azon's address, and then forces him to leave. Manuel reluctantly follows, and eventually survives the war. He is reunited with Cora in a hospital, where she is a nurse. While waiting to recover from a foot injury, Manuel sees Cora cares for him deeply and ended up making love with her. Cora is soon pregnant, and she marries Manuel. After Cora gives birth, she decides to leave Manuel seeing that he is still in love with Azon. Before she leaves, she gives him half a picture of her, saying that if the two halves are reunited again, that means that they are meant to be together, much like to what Azon stated with her pendant. In the present, Manuel's son and grandson reluctantly decides to help even after concluding that it is the woman that broke up their family they were searching for. It was revealed that all along Manuel was looking for Cora, whom he realized he really loved after he left her. The story ends when, Manuel and Corazon dance in a night of blue moon, a wish she had stated when they were still married. Manuel passes some time later."] ['The movie opens with some videos of Chinatown\'s lucky charms and Buddha statues as well as statues of Jesus Christ, the Virgin Mary and other saints. The movie starts with Joy , a typical mother riding a bus; she then is awoken as the bus stops and passengers leave. She notices Evart Mendoza  leaving a mysterious package on his seat. Failing to return it to the man, she proceeds to the local bakery to buy bread and shows the package to Aling Biring, the owner. Aling Biring tells Joy that it is a bagua and is believed to be lucky by the Chinese. Joy arrives home and is ignored by her drunken husband, Inton . She then is visited by Mang Nestor , her tricycle driver. He who checks himself in the hanged bagua thinking it is an ordinary mirror and returns the groceries Joy left. Joy then shows the bagua to her friends Alice  and Thelma  and then experiences good luck with her winning almost everything from raffles to job promotions. She learns of the death of Aling Biring who haunted Joy; Aling Biring is then known to die of Leptospirosis. She, Alice and Thelma check Aling Biring\'s birth date and discovers she was born under the year of the rat. Leptospirosis is caused by contact with a rat\'s urine or feces. They also learn that Evart Mendoza  was born in the year of the rabbit and was killed by a Rabbit Liner bus. She then finds out the death of Mang Nestor as well as two bodyguards, but before that she got lucky: Joy accepted an inheritance. She visits a Chinese master, Hsui Liao  and he tells them about the legend of Lotus Lady. He advises Joy to reject the offers of good luck so that it won\'t bring bad luck amongst her friends and people close to her. Alice then is killed by a drunken man  by pushing her off out of the window and falling on bottles of Red Horse . All the ghosts from Aling Biring to Alice to Evart as well as Lotus Lady now haunt Joy\'s home and her families. Joy asks Thelma to go and take her children. Inton then is killed by Louie  after trying to escape with his "other" woman who was the wife of his. Joy then again gets lucky by being saved from death as Louie killed himself instead of killing her. Thelma and Joy\'s children then die after a fatal accident, crashing in front of a truck full of cows and chicken . Joy arrives at her home being given another offer by a lawyer. She rejects it and destroys the bagua in the process. She finds out that Thelma and her children survived the accident, but she was wrong. She then finds out that they are dead after her husband joins the pair, leaving Joy\'s fate unknown. The movie ends with a new family moving in the subdivision, with twin girls finding the bagua  and showing it to their parents , while the Lotus Lady is watching them in the window.'] ["Raffy and Andrew were orphaned as kids and had only each other to depend on. Raffy has spent the last nine years of his life working in Dubai. His ultimate goal is to fulfill a lifelong dream: to eventually move to Canada with his younger brother, Andrew. The Alvarez brothers are finally united when Andrew goes to Dubai. In Dubai, Andrew meets Faye, one of Raffy's many girlfriends. They hit it off well in spite of their age difference. She becomes his guide, comfort and lover. Seeing the two together, Raffy realizes that he still and really loves Faye. When Andrew discovers that Raffy still loves Faye, conflict arises between the brothers, almost severing the ties that bind them. In the end, what they choose and achieve are not as planned, but their experiences in Dubai lead to new beginning in their lives."] ["On a trip to Cebu to document the Sinulog Festival Ryan Pastor meets Lito Caliso, an erring politician, who confesses all the crimes he committed while in office before Ryan's camera.{{cite web}}"] ["Nobody, nobody but...Juan tells the story of a U.S.-based senior citizen named Juan  who lives in a senior citizens' home run by his son  and daughter-in-law . Juan's favorite pastime is watching Wowowee on The Filipino Channel, though he does not watch the show just for entertainment's sake. Aside from wanting to connect with the Philippines that he dearly misses, Juan is lonesome for his first love Aida ([[Gloria Romero , with whom he lost touch during the Japanese occupation of Manila. Wowowee is Juan's way of coping with homesickness and reliving the past."] ["Angie  and Jed  are first-time parents who experience the joys and pains of raising a child. They realize that parenthood is extremely demanding and learn to sacrifice their own interests for their baby.Four years later Jed realises that he and Angie still have not been on a honeymoon he decides to take Angie to Barcelona, At first Angie protests against the honeymoon but decides to go and leaves their child with their friends Kaye and Dodie. When their mothers  hear of the couple's departure, the grandmothers each take turns caring of the child. After Jed and Angie return from their trip, the duo must deal with their mothers' personal issues. They realize that only after they've fulfilled their roles as children can they understand the true meaning of what it is to be a parent.Kasal Kasali Kasalo Official Website"] ['Jenny  is an unpretentious mall promodizer searching for true love. A hopeless romantic, her quest leads her to Benjie , a cargo pilot who offers her the love she truly yearns. An unlikely romance begins when she hitches a ride with Benjie to attend a wedding in Palawan. On board, they openly show their dislike for each other but when the aircraft crashes in an unknown island, the two turn to each other for comfort and eventually absolve their differences.What fans expect from KC, Richard journal.com.ph'] ["Elton Chiong  is a businessman having three wives. Chona , a pure Chinese is his legal wife having three children, Hamilton  who is a homosexual, Hibiscus  and Anthurium ; Patty , who is a Chinese with having a Visayan accent. She gives good luck to Elton, with their only son Nixon ; and Gloria , a Filipino is Elton's mistress."] ['Victor  is a single father who falls in love with Elisa  who turns out to be an Aswang. But even so, Victor love Elisa so much that he accepted who she is and even live with her as his second wife. But the problem comes when the leader of the Aswang clan  finds out that Elisa and her mother  are not eating humans anymore. She sends out other Aswangs to hunt down Elisa and her mother, and also for Victor and his family. Victor then will face the leader of the Aswang clan to save his beloved Elisa.'] ["The film starts with the opening credits with clips from the first fight between Manny Pacquiao and Erik Morales. After which, it started when a beaten Manny  depressed upon his defeat to Morales. He was with his trainer Buboy Fernandez  and his wife Jinkee . After that, the scene flashes back to a young Manny  being experienced as a boxer in General Santos City. It comes back to the present time when Manny was hospitalized. It comes back to his childhood with his strict mother Dionesia  whose having a misunderstanding with her husband Rosalio  and he started his training as a young boxer. Then it goes back to the time when Manny is planning to go back to the Philippines. After that it flashes back to Manny as a boxer, there he met Nanay Parcon , a recruiter of young boxers and Emong Dionisio . Her mother disagrees with Manny's decision to be a boxer because he is too young. After that, it comes back to the present time, when Manny and his team arrived in the Philippines. It flashes back again when he went to Manila to be a boxer. He lived in a gym in Malabon owned by Polding Correa . Emong saw Manny and began his dream as a boxer. He worked in a construction and selling sampaguita. It goes back when he arrived at his home with his family greeting him even though he lost. It flashes back when Manny began his journey as a boxer. At seventeen years old, he became a professional, and he was undefeated at that time. He was handled eventually by Ruben Novales . He arrived at General Santos and hired Buboy Fernandez, his close friend as his trainer. There he learned that her parents were separated. His undefeated streak ended when he was knocked-out by Rustico Torrecampo. In present time, he learned also that Emong is using Manny's named for his ventures. Emong is now poor, and it flashes back when he was a boxer, he was hit by a car and was hospitalized. In a mall, he met Jinkee Jamora. Jinkee had a twin sister, Janet but her mother is confused about Manny. Manny and Jinkee married in a civil wedding. Dionesia disagrees with his wife. In Thailand, Manny is the Flyweight champion, he lost to Medgoen Singsurat. There, he became addicted to drugs. After that, he changed and never used drugs again. Manny's victories became a hit. One of which when he won over Marco Antonio Barrera. The scene goes back upon the controversial fight between Pacquiao and Morales. In the end, the two had their rematch where Manny won via a 10-Round Technical Knock-Out. The movie ended when Manny was given a Hero's Welcome and some clips of his motorcade."] ["Collier  enters prison, having been found guilty of killing her husband. She is introduced to the pulchritudinous companions of her cell, in for crimes ranging from political insurgency to heroin addiction. The women trade tiffs, which leads to their torture by sadistic guard Lucian . The torture ceremonies are viewed by an impassive cloaked figure. Collier's cellmates Alcott and Bodine  plan to escape. Collier and another cellmate Ferina  agree to go along. Assisting is their other lesbian cellmate Grear , though there are doubts Grear's heroin addict girlfriend Harrad  will be equipped to escape. Ferina, Alcott and Bodine break from the solitary confinement sauna and take their revenge on Lucian. The escapers wield guns, attitude, and a vacillating feminist/submissive sexuality to free themselves. During their escape they round up various personnel from the prison as hostages, taking elegant prison warden Miss Dietrich , sympathetic prison medic Dr Phillips ([[Jack Davis , and two local men regularly allowed access to the prison to sell market produce, Harry  and Fred ."] ["Set in an impoverished town, a couple begin to lose hope and courage when faced with life's adversities - a daughter who suffers from cerebral palsy, a son who loses his scholarship, and a young boy named Magnifico or Ikoy, who is not so good in school. But Ikoy is gifted with a good heart and a large spirit that allows him to give joy to hopeless people in their community and magically transforms their lives for the better."] ["The film tells the story of the life of a middle-class Filipino family who, over the space of a decade, become aware of the political policies that have ultimately led to repression and a state of Martial law in the Philippines. Filipina actress Vilma Santos stars as Amanda, who realizes the implications of living within a dictatorship after sorting out the contradictory reactions of her husband and five sons. Her husband , played by Filipino actor, Christopher de Leon, supports his eldest son's , played by Filipino actor, Piolo Pascual; efforts to rail against the government while refusing to follow Amanda's wish to find a job. Her second son , played by Filipino actor, Carlos Agassi, is in the United States Navy. Her third son , played by Filipino actor, Marvin Augustin, writes illegal political exposes. The fourth son , played by Filipino actor, Danilo Barrios fell victim to a corrupt police department, and her youngest son named , played by Filipino actor, John W. Sace, is still a boy."] ['The first character shown is Ruben. A college student, his job at Barako Café  is not nearly enough to pay his tuition. Having lost his scholarship on a technicality,Ruben resorts to burglary in order to cover his educational expenses. What ensues is a comedic overly choreographed fight-scene complete with wire work and overdone martial arts action. Shona leaves her son and her boyfriend  in order to return to work in Japan as an exotic dancer. Her predicament exemplifies the situation of every Filipino person who has come to the realization that life in the Philippines often does not allow the working person to earn money enough to save for a better living. Cher is a drag queen who, because of her sexuality, becomes the victim of violent homophobic aggression. His performance, while exaggeratedly comic, touches on the ugliness of homophobia and sexual discrimination. And yet the issue is never resolved, because Cher’s attackers are not punished for their hate crime. Neither is Shona condemned for abandoning her child in this instance of labor export from the Philippines, and the effects that it has on the people who must be left. Ruben’s moral and practical dilemma remains unresolved as well. The lives of three couples: Iza and Iñigo, Kulas and Joan, and Dino and Faith deal with objectification, unrequited love, and first sexual experiences, respectively.'] ["Noah  returns to the Philippines with his girlfriend Eileen  and his aunt Amelia  to visit the wake of his childhood friend, Damian  who committed suicide after Noah left in 15 years. Before driving away, they nearly step in the path of a black cat but Amelia prayed and drive off much to Noah & Eileen's worries. They arrive at the wake where they met Damian's father Mang Sebring . When Eileen look at his body, his eyes are wide open. Eileen, scared she frantically walks away and decides to leave with Noah. Before leaving, Amelia warns him not to go straight in the house. When driving away, Eileen decides to obey Amelia's warning since it is a superstition much to Noah's disbelief. He is also bothered and haunted by a distant childhood memory concerning his other best friend Becca . Becca and her mother Belinda  are the town outcasts, due to Belinda’s penchant for the supernatural. They were pushed to move out of the town, never to be seen again by the people of Balong Bato. Because Noah was raised in the States, his modern ways keeps him from believing in superstitions, much to the distress of his whose life is governed by her superstitious beliefs. Damian’s death starts a series of peculiar and unexplained deaths and eerie haunting, all revolving around different superstitions. Eileen, who is in tune with her third eye, is at the forefront of all these haunting. She is followed by the ghost of a little girl named Lota, who died a mysterious and gruesome death. Not wanting to believe and accept the fact that superstitions are real, Noah tries to give a practical explanation for everything, straining his relationship with Eileen. The fact that BECCA returns and professes her love for Noah doesn’t help in easing the tension between them. Noah continues refusing to believe… until he experiences the haunting himself."] ['{{Plot}} The plot revolves around a secret agency with Reserve Agent King Aguila  tasked to recover the Philippines\' most important artifact. The artifact is the bolo of Lapu-lapu which he used to kill Magellan in 1521. King  is the best friend of Junior  who is the godson of Tony Falcon , a nearly retiring agent X44. As the two boys grow up, the differences between them become visible. It becomes clear that although he is the smaller one, Junior is the smarter of the two. King has a visual impairment wherein he cannot see the letter "A." This becomes an impediment for his academic success. On the other hand, King is the master retriever; i.e. he can retrieve anything that\'s lost. Ever since he was a child, King\'s idol has been his ninong Tony. He also wants to be a secret agent. Junior also wants to be an agent, but Tony is always discouraging him because he fears his son might be put in danger. He makes up an excuse, "Anak, obvious ka masyado!\' King takes up law and passes the agency\'s qualifying exams. In the agency, he meets Mary Grace ,another neophyte agent. Mary Grace is flatulent and always gets her high heels stuck in holes. She develops a crush on King, but keeps it to herself. One day, she decides to tell King her true feelings. She had barely said, "I love you" when King rushes out of the restaurant to save a girl. Of course, Mary Grace doesn\'t know that King is saving the girl. She thinks he is embracing her. She is now convinced that he is a playboy. She decides to take the West Point training being offered to her, and leaves the country feeling bitter about King. When she returns from her training, Mary Grace immediately becomes the #1 agent in the country. King is given three cases to solve, but he fails each and every one of them. The agency has no choice but to demote him to a clerical job. He longs to be given some fieldwork, but the agency will hear none of it…until Magellan\'s dagger is reported stolen. Being the top agent, Mary Grace expects the high-profile mission to be assigned to her. Thus, she is shocked when Tony Falcon pushes that King is the best agent for the mission. With the help of Junior, King nearly gets the dagger but he loses it again. Disappointed with King, Tony gets depressed and accidentally falls into a manhole. Cynthia , the agency head, decides to take King out of the mission. During Tony\'s wake, the ghost of Tony Falcon appears to her, telling her to put King back in the mission. Actually, Junior masterminded this trick. Cynthia decides to pair King with Mary Grace to retrieve the dagger for the final time. The dagger falls into the hands of three rival crime lords - Mustafah Saleh , an Arabian millionaire who wants to retrieve the dagger because it is a threat to his family\'s oil business; Leah , a Polynesian princess who wants to retrieve the dagger because they have the seawater resources but not the equipment to turn it into oil; and Purubutu-san , a Yakuza head who wants to retrieve the dagger because he has the seawater resources plus the machinery to market it all over the world. Will King be able to retrieve the dagger, and will he be able to retrieve Mary Grace\'s love for him?'] ['Twilight Dancers offers a disturbing yet a humorous look at the country\'s social realities through the eyes of three macho dancers or male strippers. One of them is Dwight , young and at the peak of his trade who loses the girl he loves to a politician\'s son. Then there\'s Alfred, who at 28, is past his prime and is kicked out of the club. Finally there\'s Bert, 30, who has long since given up dancing and is now the bodyguard-driver of a corrupt businesswoman. But Bert\'s boss, Madame Loca , manipulates the events that push the three dancers to fight for survival, and to finally confront issues of love, friendship and betrayal. Adding to these conflicts are a deaf-mute wife who refuses to go back to her macho dancer husband, a director who keeps promising stardom to a male dancer named Michael , a transvestite performer who fakes being a virgin as well, a tyrannical mayor who cross-dresses at his birthday party, and a union leader who gets shot by an assassin in broad daylight. But as their club\'s manager Taurus always says, "They are only here to serve the carnal desires of men. The show has to go on." Twilight Dancers is the third movie from director Mel Chionglo about Philippine\'s macho dancer industry.'] ['Esmeralda “Esme” Fajardo, a young, spirited, and ultra-liberal teenager who lives in Cebu goes to Manila to study for college, only to fall in love with a guy named Waldo, a beguiling and charming gentleman  who seemingly has the same feelings for her. Her  rendezvous with him eventually resulted in her getting pregnant, which made her stop schooling. Left with no choice, she lives with him under one roof, only to find out that he is cheating on her. After a violent confrontation, she flees and resorts to doing odd jobs to earn money. Several months pass and she soon gives birth to Abbey. But unfortunately, she gives her daughter to her relatives, who were at that time leaving the country and migrating to the United States, in hopes that Abbey will find a better life there. 27 years later, Esme has now become an extraordinarily wealthy jewellery trader. She is turned ecstatic upon hearing that her daughter Abby is coming back to the Philippines as a liberal New Yorker. Esme, now having 2 sons named Boboy and Pipo, both of which were born from two different fathers, welcomes her daughter to her real family. This then leads to violent, often humorous confrontations with other people around Esme and her family, ranging from one of her son\'s "secret" girlfriend, to her rival neighbor. A couple of months later, and her constant battles with other people finally tears her family apart, but is then reunited when she develops a heart attack -forcing her sons and daughter to forgive their mother for all the trouble she has caused. After several weeks in the hospital, Esme, now fully recovered, though still brash, decides to meet her long lost husband once more. The film ends 3 months later, Abbey is in the United States once again, only to be surprised by her mother, who subsequently follows her and plans to live with her in New York.'] ['Destiny. Is it beyond our control? Or do we make our own? These questions and other musings about the past and the future set the tone as we sail into the year’s most anticipated film about love and life. Six people are brought together on a seven-day cruise that will change their lives forever: * A hopeless romantic  searches for the right man for her, while dreaming of becoming a singer. * A successful businessman  searches for the truth about a woman from his past. * A senior housekeeper  finds out that it is never too late to find true love. * A young waiter  finds the woman of his dreams, but she is beyond his reach. * A young brat  finds out that love does not have to be as complicated as her love-hate relationship with her mother. * And a sexy lounge singer  searches for the perfect man who will keep his promises and who will never leave her. This comedy-romance-drama-musical will make you swoon, cry, laugh, and fall in love all over again. While it takes you to three continents around the world , it is nevertheless an intimate film about searching for love, following your dreams, and making your own destiny.'] ["Here Comes the Bride tells the story of five different people who get their souls switched in the middle of a wedding preparation on a solar eclipse. Stefanie's  soul gets into the body of the snobby Precy, whose soul gets into the yaya, Medelyn, whose soul switches with Bien, the grandfather, whose soul enters the gay beautician's body, Toffee, whose soul enters Stefanie's body. The problem is the souls are happy where they are except for the bride, whose wedding is coming. She now has to find a way to get into their own bodies."] ['Satan saves Joseph Langdon/Philip Rogers  from death on condition he become his disciple. As it turns out, he becomes a hairy murderous beast—a werewolf on the rampage carrying out the evil deeds of the devil.'] ['A story of a couple  with five children whose otherwise happy and stable marriage is threatened by petty jealousies and other marital disturbances, prompting the wife , pregnant with their fifth child, to up and flee to her grandma in the province. The husband woos her back. Danica and Vittorio, last seen together in the movie "Buhay Misis" more than 10 years ago when they were newly-married.'] ['After twenty years, local police capture the murderer of the older brother of a young boy. Now a doctor, he must go back to his old town and face the murderers himself. He then discovers that the murderers are Aswangs  and they pose a deadly threat not only to him but also for the entire town.'] ["After an awkward yet memorable encounter at a stag party, Evo  and Grace  thought they would never see each other again. Little did they know that Grace is actually the girlfriend of Evo's best friend, Mark . As the arrogant player that he is, Evo takes advantage of what happened at the party to make Grace agree to his demands. He forces Grace to pretend as his girlfriend to make Akiko , his ex, jealous.{{cite web}}"] ["Ciara  is a senior physical therapist who works for a rehabilitation center in the United States. She has devoted her entire life to her younger sister Julia  who was left in her care after the untimely demise of their parents. After 8 years of separation, Ciara and Julia reunite when the latter acquires her student visa. Storm , Julia's boyfriend who earns a living as a freelance photographer, joins Julia despite the lack of a definite plan. In a desperate move for Storm to gain immigrant status, Julia asks Storm to enter into an arranged marriage with Ciara, who is already an American citizen. As Storm struggles to find his place in a foreign land, Julia works hard to chase after her own dream of finishing school, causing the two of them to drift apart. Meanwhile, time spent together led to an unexpected love affair between Ciara and Storm. When Julia learns about this, Ciara decides to break up with Storm and give up her happiness, like she did so many times before. Can Ciara and Julia's bond as sisters surpass this obstacle? Is giving up your true love for the sake of your sister worth all the sacrifice? At the end of the movie, Ciara meets her husband, played by noted American banker Brett Ackerman, on a pier."] ['Terminated from her job and evicted from her own home Martina "Martee" Diamzon Regine Velasquez and her son Liam flee away for a vacation to Zambales despite the luxurious area here she finds Lance Monteagundo Piolo Pascual who owns a resort whose only idea is to meet there clientle while Martee is on vacation apparently shes unhappy with the service given by Lances employees Martee finds herself with no other way but to accept employment after her son Liam apparently accidentally damaged Lance\'s Motorcycle side mirror in which Lance wanted to auction and sell but Martee decides to take the opportunity to escape from her problems back at home but as she finds herself with the comfort with being with Lance who too underneath is arrogant and mean demeanor also falls for Martee he tries to change his ways for her so he does not scare her off but the two find one thing in common they are scared to love and forgive again. Will these two souls find love again in one another as they try to make this relationship work?'] ["The story is a flashback of the five years  of love affair involving the characters of Allan Alvarez  and Mia Samonte . The opening scene was in a Pasig River ferry boat. One of the passenger, Allan, was sad and confused if he really loved his then live-in partner, Daphne Recto . While another passenger, Mia, was downtrodden by family problems. To express her heartaches, Mia would write messages on stones and would leave them anywhere, Allan picked up one of those, they got acquainted and their romantic story began. Later, in one of their trysts they met an old man  in Paco Park who predicted that they were meant for each other and would end up together although it would take a difficult five-year ride. Allan was torn between two loves. Although he knew that he loved Mia more, he procrastinated in his choice. Mia left for Malaysia. Two years after, when Allan finally broke free from his indecision, he went to Malaysia to look for Mia only to find out that she was already engaged to another guy. It was now Mia's turn to make a choice. She chose the new guy who loved her so much even though she honestly knew in her heart that she still loved Allan. Allan did not lose hope. He patiently waited for Mia for another three years. He firmly believed that she would come back to him as predicted by the old man earlier in the story. True enough, the Malaysian guy let Mia go as he was aware of who Mia truly wanted. On the very same date foreseen by the old man, Mia returned to the Philippines, saw Allan waiting for her, and embraced each other."] ["Raphael - a rich guy whose luck suddenly turned upside down after losing everything, needed to get his life back on track when he met Iska - the instant-rich girl from the province of Benguet where she was found to be the only heiress to the famous and elite Carantes clan. Raphael becomes her business advisor and uses her only to find out that she'll change him more than he expected."] ["Anti-crime crusader Lilia Chiong Yang seems to have everything a woman could want and need: a husband who pampers her; children whom any parent would be proud of; and the respect & admiration of the most powerful people in the land. But just as Lilia prepares for her 25th wedding anniversary celebration, a chance encounter in Thailand with her first love Michael throws Lilia's life into chaos. So begins the resumption of a relationship that threatens to unravel the delicate threads connecting Lilia to the other people in her life."] ['Pastry chef Macky  has struggled with his weight for most of his life. It’s not easy being fat, especially when you’re in love with a young socialite columnist named Niña . He has been her constant secret admirer, surprising Niña every time with cakes and flowers. Everything is going well until Niña meets Macky, who gets the shock of her life when she sees Macky in his 300-pound glory. Then comes Aira , the ever-vibrant fitness instructor who knows how to motivate her clients well. Being the breadwinner of the family, she has to double her effort to meet their daily needs. After a number of failed attempts, Macky finally agrees to be her client. In the process of losing weight, the two gained love and affection for each other. Aira then agrees to accept an offer to work abroad, separating the two. Two years pass and the Macky who was once laughed at is now one of the most sought-after bachelors in town. Unfortunately, his heart is now owned by her ultimate fantasy - Niña. But an untimely encounter with Aira reminds Macky of his happy old days. Macky now has to choose who really is his big love – is it the woman he dreamt of all his life or is it the woman who loved him unconditionally?http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1132472/plotsummary Plot summary for My Big Love'] [' Jodie is one of many female students who has a crush on Mr. Zerrudo her handsome teacher. One night Jodie discovers that Mr. Zerrudo is in fact a Jekyll-Hyde type creature who turns into a monster after he swallows a chemical.  One by one the children who play at a neighborhood park are abducted by a Witawit monstrous looking creature who lives in the park’s trees. Nikkie and Yaya Tising try to get to the bottom of the mystery and rescue the abducted children.  The colorful ladies who live in a crowded slum are all convinced that a Manananggal is responsible for a series of horrific murders. They suspect that their new neighbor Aling Iya is the bloodthirsty creature but Teks suspects that the barangay nun is the creature.'] ['An ordinary meaningless existence can suddenly be challenged by the perplexing game of life, luck and death. Amelita or Amy is an aging jueteng kubrador . Despite the regular crackdown on the illegal numbers game, she clings to the job she has known for more than 20 years. She walks around the poverty-stricken squatter’s neighborhood collecting bets from her regular patrons everyday. Her husband Eli, who is equally aging, can only manage to help by manning their small sari-sari . Amy’s grown up children have all left home. Her eldest daughter Mona works as a domestic helper abroad. Her second daughter, Juvy, who is always pregnant, lives with her in-laws. Amy’s youngest son, Eric, a young soldier, recently died on combat duty in Mindanao. While collecting bets three days before All Saints day, Amy is apprehended by a police officer. She joins the other kubradors in the police station until their kabo  bails them out. The following morning, Amy returns to the streets and continues her clandestined activity. She meets the parish priest, who informs her of a young neighbor’s sudden death from an accident. The priest asks her to collect abuloy  from neighbors and friends. When Amy remits her afternoon jueteng collection to her kabo, she finds him sick at home. He then asks her to attend the next jueteng draw on his behalf, Amy being a trusted ally of the jueteng network for a long time. Amy and the other kabos await the arrival of the table manager  of the draw in a secluded location. But when the table manager arrives, he announces that the draw is cancelled and informs everyone the winning numbers from the jueteng financier.  When Amy goes home that night, her husband Eli tells her the bad news. He failed to hand over a bet from a neighbor whose numbers, to Amy’s surprise, won the rigged draw. Pissed off, she has no choice but to go to her kabo and borrow money in order to pay out the neighbor. That night, the neighbors have lighted candles in front of their houses to welcome the feast of All Saints Day the next morning. A mammoth crowd greets Amy and her family as they approach the cemetery. At Eric’s grave they saw Glenda, Eric’s girlfriend, offering flowers and prayers for her dead boyfriend. Still pissed off with Eli, Amy leaves and wanders around the cemetery to cool off. Suddenly she hears a commotion. Two vehicles figured in a collision. The two drivers engage in a heated argument until one of them pulls out a gun and fires a shot. The bullet goes pass Amy and hits a teenage boy behind her. Amy shouts for help. Police arrive and arrest the suspect. Other bystanders help load the bloodied body of the boy in a vehicle. Still in a state of shock, Amy follows gaze as the vehicle speeds away from the crime scene.'] ["Miguel, a young man from Quezon province, leaves the Philippines for the U.S. After seven years, he returns home, and his family discovers he has had a sex change operation and is now Michelle. Her father is stunned by this development, and other hostile reactions erupt. She declares she will stay until her family accepts her. She has also caused a crisis for an old friend who was going to get married without ever admitting he was gay. Michelle's bravery makes him think again."] ["The film starts in a church where a centipede-like demon is crawling at the walls. The protagonist Conan really wanted to get Ellen, the girl he liked and so he asked his friend on how to achieve his wish. His friend said that there was a rumor that if you whisper your wish to a dead body, the soul of that body would help you. So he sought the help of Oprah who is also a friend. He whispered to the corpse his wish that she would fall in love with him, but the first one was a failure because the corpse became deaf before it died. Conan went home in disappointment but at the same time an old woman was hit by a car, he whispered his wish. The next day while at work, Conan was met by Ellen in a romantic manner and it seems that his wish had worked. But suddenly the old woman that was killed bgan to haunt him and wanted him to repay the request that he made to her. He found out that the woman was a witch and she wants to ask forgiveness to a girl to whom she used hex She needs Conan to make her drink that is made out of holy water and a part of the old woman's body. Conan and Oprah traveled to Bohol where the girl lives and is attacked by demons during the trip. They finally arrived at the girl's house before being attacked by the centipede-like demon, the girl finally drank the liquid and broke the spell that was cast upon her. The old woman stopped haunting Conan."] ["Ordinary humans led by King Bantayan are being annihilated by the all-powerful evil king Bagulbol and his creatures of the dark. To end their tribulation, mankind’s leaders paid a mercenary with exceptional fighting skills to defend them. That mercenary is Exodus. Nearing their extinction, King Bantayan and the leaders of men dispatched Exodus on a quest to capture five elementals to aid them in the final battle against King Bagulbol. Exodus was able to convince the last Earth, Wind, Fire, and Water elementals and they became allies in ridding the land of evil. Exodus and his enchanted friends were victorious. They conquered humankind's greatest enemy and peace was again established."] ['The story revolves around Maxi dela Cerna, a young, aspiring New York-based fashion designer who returns to the Philippines shortly after her mother’s death to find her father. She had been swindled by her ex-boyfriend and hopes to pay off her debts by selling the piece of provincial land that her parents co-owned. But this means spending time with her father whom she hates for walking out on her and her mother 15 years ago. As the uptight and guarded Maxi struggles to immerse herself in farm life and deal with a father she despises, she crosses paths again with Tommy, her childhood friend, now an architect who is trying to heal from his own mistakes in the past with his 7-year-old son.'] ["The film's plot, scripted by N.I.P. Dennis in his only listed film credit, is frequently nonsensical, involving a South American belly dancer, played by Yvonne Nielson, who has uncovered an ancient Aztec secret for eternal life, involving regular blood transfusions. To this end, she has enlisted the aid of a Filipino club owner whose visage turns monsterous when he is stalking his prey."] ["Set largely in the dark and eerie campus of the Arts Academy, White Lady’s story centers on Pearl , a simple and smart girl from the province who has just arrived in the city to study, and the clique of students led by Mimi , a pretty, rich and popular girl who gets by through bullying others. Mimi’s minions include basketball jock Joshua , painter and Mimi wannabe Eva , film and photography major Jowee , and troublemaker and band frontman Hector . Pearl enrolls in the Arts Academy with her best friend and longtime buddy Jonathan , who has secretly harboured romantic feelings for her. Upon gaining admittance to the Academy, Mimi takes Pearl and Jonathan into her fold, befriending them in exchange for academic favors from the smart and studious Pearl. But Pearl sees right through her and rebuffs her; while Jonathan, on the other hand, is seduced and swayed by the glamorous “in” crowd. Soon after, Pearl and Jonathan's once close friendship becomes estranged. For reasons she cannot explain nor understand, Pearl is haunted by the ghost of a white lady which has been rumored to have frequented the school grounds. Intrigued and determined to solve the mystery, she then decides to delve deeper into the lore of the white lady especially after learning about the story of Christina , a simple girl reportedly driven into hiding by Mimi’s pompousness. Pearl immediately feels an affinity towards Christina since both girls have been on the receiving end of Mimi’s mean pranks. The haunting worsens when Pearl lands the highly-coveted lead role in the school play, which also earns her the brunt of Mimi’s ire since Mimi had wanted the role for herself. On top of everything else, a burgeoning relationship begins to kindle between Pearl and Robbie - the rich, athletic and most popular guy in school, whom Mimi also desires. In a series of intense ghostly appearances, the white lady manifests herself to the “in” group, letting them experience her wrath one by one and Pearl is caught in the middle of it all. In the end, she and her schoolmates will discover the deathly horrifying secret that binds them to the terror of Arts Academy that is the The White Lady."] ["The film starts when Sunshine Sicat , who is on her way to her wedding, but was too late for all the wedding guests went home. On her second attempt to have a wedding, her groom, Dindo  helped a pregnant woman who was in trouble. He came and apologized to Sunshine and decided to have a civil wedding instead. They have 5 sons and a daughter named Charlie . Charlie meets Prince  on the road, but her father Dindo refuses to have Prince as his daughter's boyfriend. However, her mother Sunshine prefers to have her daughter be with a man who is worth it. Suddenly, Prince goes to United States with his family. He and Charlie decide to have a long-distance relationship through the internet. Prince came and proposed to Charlie. Dindo is refusing to have his only daughter to marry, and did not stop meddling between Prince and Charlie. Prince did everything to impress Dindo where he eventually relents for his daughter's happiness. Then came Prince's parents from Hawaii. His mother Marlene  started to have a close fight with Sunshine for the wedding preparations. On the day of the wedding, Dindo was having a problem with his jeepney terminal, when a pregnant woman came again. When Dindo and Prince arrived, it was too late. Dindo and Sunshine had a misunderstanding while Prince and Charlie called-off their wedding. Sunshine told Charlie that Prince is leaving. They rushed and followed Prince where he proposed again and fell in love again. On the day of Charlie's wedding, another surprise came, Dindo and Sunshine finally had their Church wedding. The double wedding happened and Marlene got both flowers."] ["As the U.S. Subic Bay naval base's operations slowly wind down and naval manpower begins to dwindle, Commander Hamilton  relies on three U.S. Navy Seals to help keep the base secure. William Hawk , a longtime American sailor nearing the end of a tour of duty, is involved with a Filipina, Lisa Velasquez , a representative of the mayor's office in nearby Olongapo City. Lisa has to deal with the economic crisis that the base's closing will bring to her community, as well as her own personal problems brought on by Hawk's imminent departure and the strained relationship of her mother, Anna , and stepfather, Ed ."] ['Peter is a boy who is always maltreated by his father because of his homosexuality. He decided to run away and was found by a wealthy lady, Doña Biday, and is adopted by her. But he becomes abusive of his new found wealth, and after the death of Doña Biday he becomes more abusive of his wealth and mistreated most of his housemaids, employees, and friends. Because of that, he was given a curse that transforms him into a horse every time he gets angry, or does/says anything bad to others.'] ['Dance of the Dwarfs follows the story of Dr. Evelyn Howard , who hires Harry Bediker , a drunken, down on luck helicopter pilot to fly her into the jungle to find a fellow archaeologist studying a lost tribe of pygmies. On the way, their oil line is shot by bandits, forcing them to land to look for fuel. They find Luis, who along with his wife Maria runs a fortress-like fuel station  in the jungle. Luis has previously lodged Evelyn\'s colleague Dr. Eslinger. Reading Eslinger\'s journals, Evelyn determines that Dr. Eslinger had an overly paranoid view on the duendes, and despite her host\'s obvious fear of the tribe, she vows to continue searching for them. Fed up with her pilot\'s drinking, Dr. Howard takes his whiskey in the night and, the next morning, uses it for target practice, much to his chagrin. Harry takes some drums of Mazola oil to refuel his helicopter and leaves Dr. Howard to her studies in the jungle. In the forest, Evelyn encounters Esteban , a witch doctor who they saw earlier stopping by a camp. Esteban forces her to drink a strong alcohol out of a jug as they discuss the Duendes. Esteban tells Dr. Howard that the tribe she searches for are the children of the devil who hunt at night. Meanwhile, as Harry packs, he is ambushed by a duo of bandits . Seemingly unable to bargain with them, Harry tells the them that they would not be so tough without their guns, instead challenging them to a game of "Cuban Roulette" a game similar to Russian Roulette, but with two bullets instead of one. Bandit 1 agrees, but tells Harry to go first, Harry instead points the bandit\'s gun at his oppressor and shoots him. The second bandit runs into the jungle and, after being pursued by the duendes, falls into a boiling lake. Evelyn is noticeably drunk when she crawls over to her radio and calls Harry, who notices her slur and, after she says she\'s been with Esteban, knows she\'s drunk, to his amusement. Harry decides to rescue her, and after he refuels his chopper, he flies off over the jungle. At night, Evelyn radios Harry again and tells him she sees the duendes, which, she discovers, is really a tribe of lizard creatures! She shoots a few with her flare gun before fleeing on to a vine over the deadly lake. Before her arms give out, she is picked up by her pilot, who she kisses as they fly back to Luis\'s fort in hopes of rescuing him. However, they find both him and Maria dead, and his compound crawling with the duendes! They manage to escape them and fly away with love, or at least respect, noticeably blossoming. However, when Dr. Howard goes to the middle of the chopper to check on some machinery, she is grabbed by one of the clawed hands of the duendes!'] ['Enteng Kabisote  wants to retire as the perennial hero of Engkantasya and have a normal life with his family without the magical elements. Ina Montecillo  longs to have the right partner to be with her for the rest of her life. One day, Enteng is placed under a powerful evil spell by Engkantasya’s evil fairy Satana to fall in love with another woman. And when he meets Ina, he exerts all the effort Ina to fall for him. Ina, on the other hand, slowly opens her heart for this new opportunity of love. Enteng then tries his best to be a father to Ina’s children even if they are not fully supportive of him. But when their relationship gets serious, Ina discovers the truth – Enteng already has a family.'] ['The loving and nurturing Mariel  marries Edward  after his first wife abandons him and took responsibility as a mother to his three children . Mariel strives to win the acceptance and affection of her new stepchildren, even as she tries to define her role in the family she is still just a stepmother no matter what and she must learn how to cope and be a part of their lives. Directed by Olivia M. Lamasan, this provocative film explores issues of love, trust and what it means to be a family.'] ['The film begins when Brainy Indy , MVP MJ2 , Sosy Pre , Rebel Gael  and Nice Guy Nathan  are college freshmen who enter FDH University, until they all got involved in the biggest mystery the university has ever encountered- the Basketball Water Contamination Accident.'] ["A woman struggling to make a better life for her family finds that her efforts have caused a rift between her and her children in this downbeat family drama. Josie  is a mother of three from the Philippines who took a job in Hong Kong, working as a nanny for a wealthy couple for several years. Josie knew she could make far more money in Hong Kong than she could at home, but she also had qualms about how this would affect her children, especially when her husband died not long after she left. When Josie returns home, she has gifts for everyone and has saved a large percentage of her salary, which she plans to use to start a business; but her children don't welcome their mother with open arms. The younger kids, Daday  and Michael , are guarded around Josie, and while in time they are able to mend their relationship with their mother, the oldest, Carla  does nothing to disguise her resentment for what she sees as a callous abandonment of her family. Carla openly challenges Josie's authority, starts dating boys she knows her mother would not approve of, flaunts her burgeoning sexuality, and begins using drugs."] ['Francine Natra  is a popular singer enjoying the peak of her career. But due to stardom and her hectic schedules she suffers from enjoying a simple life on her own. Meanwhile Guillermo "Gimo" Talumpati  lives his ordinary life as an auto mechanic taking care of his family and specially Ging-Ging, her sister with down syndrome. Their fate crossed when a promo contest called "Date With A Star" makes Gimo the winner to take the popular Francine on a special date. But the prize date gets short when Francine\'s suitor Alex appeared while Gimo was star struck to her. Feeling cheated, Gimo scheme his way to abduct the singer to be able to get to know her and carry out the prize date. Realizing what Francine were missing, living life\'s simple pleasures, she became closer to him. Being the honest person that he is, Gimo also falls in love with her. Until his sister have to went a medical operation that needed an amount of money that their relationship went public. As a consequence Gimo can’t handle Francine\'s showbiz world. With her popularity and his pride, their relationship breaks off after an argument. Disappointed Francine leaves and clarifies the issue about Gimo. Days later, Francine kidnaps Gimo and asked him to marry her. He quickly realizes he has made the biggest mistake of his life by letting her go. They marry, the film concluding with a shot of Francine giving birth to their first child.'] ["It is revealed Cara  has the ability to foresee the future using her grandmother Lola Auring's ([[Gloria Romero  tarot cards. This causes her mother Dianna , much dismay. The next day, Cara predicts the deaths of two people; her father  and Lola . At their funerals, Dianna puts the tarot cards in Lola's casket. 15 years later, Cara and her boyfriend Miguel  are lost during a hiking trip when it starts to rain. The two take shelter in a cave. The next morning, Cara finds Miguel missing. Cara, her best friend, Faye and another group of hikers begin looking for Miguel. An incoming storm forces Faye and the other hikers to stop the search. However, Cara refuses without Miguel and continues searching for him. Eventually, Cara returns home, overcome with guilt that she was unable to find Miguel. When Dianna and Faye come to check on Cara, they find her unconscious and take her to the hospital. After Cara recovers, she insists that she must use her grandmother's tarot cards to find Miguel but Dianna believes the cards will cause any harm. Cara is adamant, citing her love for Miguel and Dianna reluctantly agrees. They go to the cemetery to recover the tarot cards from Lola's grave. They find the cards clasped in Lola’s hands. Cara takes them and reads a chant that her grandmother had always recited. She has a vision that she should return to the forest. Cara and the other hikers return to the forest to continue looking. A butterfly, like the one on the cards leads Cara to the place where Miguel disappeared which turns out to be an open hole. They find Miguel's shoe where he fell in the hole and Sol  notices that they should go to the house. They find Miguel and the hikers began to apprehend the old man  who tried to warn them that he is trying to help Miguel. At the hospital, Miguel began recalling his past of his disappearance to Cara."] ["The film opens with Vanessa  who was killed when she was visited by her long dead husband as her companion. The film then cuts to Romano , a retired military operative who goes into seclusion after being seriously wounded in battle and almost died, discovers that he has the uncanny ability of seeing ghosts around people who will soon encounter sudden, disastrous deaths. Worried of his brother, Romano’s blind sister Isabel  persuades him to return to Manila with the help of Louella , Romano’s childhood friend who harbors affection for him. An aspiring actress, Kristina , a widow, Lumen , and her nephew, Eric  hitch a ride with Romano, Isabel and Louella along with Louella’s driver, Baste . On their way back to the city, the group manages to avoid a fatal accident on the road and their respective “sundo” or ghost companion by a twist of fate. After surviving, the group took their supper in a local eater somewhere in Baguio. Lumen, who was eager to pee, went into the bathroom where she died as a rail spike pins her head. Soon, Eric died in a series of odd reaction similar to Final Destination happened as he was electricuted. The group realized that there is a way to cheat death as Baste and Romano nearly survives a large explosion in a public market killing a large populace. Then the group starts to die in gruesome ways and Kristina, Baste and Isabel died in mysterious ways. Romano was confronted by death for the last time in the rooftop and he fell in the tower towards the pool. He rose up the pool and saw Louella grieving not because of Romano but how she want to avenge her father's death . Romano turns around and saw his dead body lying on the pool and he was the ghost companion of Louella, the last one to die."] ["Oliver Aliciano , a college professor, began to leave Manila with his wife Leah , his rebellious stepdaughter Nica  and her young brother Uno  after he was blamed on the death of Ella Cabuena , Nica's best friend. After moving to an abandoned house to stay, ominous visions and hauntings happened there."] ["A teenage boy befriends a starlet who is having an affair with an ambitious mayor. As the elections are on the horizon, the mayor's wife wants him to get rid of his mistress. The starlet agrees to stop the affair on condition that the mayor help release her boyfriend from jail. The mayor does so, but wants the former jail-bird to kill his political rival."] ['Jenny Rose San Miguel was born lucky after so many years she has been so lucky but has a past she has a long lost sister. little did she know that Julia Rose  an unlucky woman with 3 kids from 3 relationships gone sour and ended with a curse of deaths is preparing to get married the same day at the same time as her but little did they know that as both encounter lives change and lead them to their key fate their past and as they both get married at the same church and same day bad things occur and lead them to seeing each other again what secrets unravel in this hilarious laugh trip.'] ['Angels is a trilogy. The three episodes featured in the movies are: "Angel of Mine", "Daddy\'s Angel" and "Angel of Love". "Angel of Mine," directed by Gina Alajar, features a career woman forced to attend a child left by this problematic mother. "Daddy\'s Angel" follows the bitter father-and-son relationship between a  ex-convict and this affectionate young boy who bore miserable stigmas of a brutal past. A young man is imprisoned for killing a close friend, who raped his wife on his wedding day. While in prison, his wife gets pregnant, giving birth to this angelic boy. The wife dies before his sentence is due. In "Angel of Love", Bianang, a frustrated musician, is caught in a tangle of family concerns. Orphaned by their mother and abandoned by their father. She is left to look after her two younger siblings and fend for their needs by finding her niche in the music industry. By some twist of fate, guised through Kerubina, her path crosses with Jude, a guy from a matriarchal clan of aristocrats who battles with repercussions of ending a heavily laden relationship.'] ['Adrian  is just an ordinary boy who lacks skills and talents. He likes his friend Lara , but is often bullied by his classmates and kids in the neighborhood. Despite being a weakling, Adrian possesses a pure and brave heart when he tries to fight illegal loggers who cut trees on their barrio. Unfortunately, he is beaten by the loggers and left almost half dead. But Because of his pure personality, the enchanted rubber tree that he saves heals him and grants him powers that transform him into a super hero named Lastikman.'] ['This story follows the journey of naive Lino  as he searches for his missing wife Mary Grace in Italy. He comes across Jenny , an imposing figure in the Filipino community of migrant workers, whose dreams of grandeur have clouded her need for personal relationships. In a desperate quest for game and survival, the two find refuge and affirmation in each other. What started as a mentor – protégé relationship, Lino and Jenny’s partnership evolves beautifully into a self-consuming love affair. Until these are put to a test. Reality bites as the land changes everything. In the end, it matters not that Lino finds his wife for he has found himself. And alas, it matters not for Jenny that she sacrifices for love, for she has learned to give, in order to live again.'] ["Shirley Templo  is a ruthless woman. Many people deal with her strong attitude only for fear of her cold stare, or her outlash. She works as a librarian in a school, and lives in a compound that is owned by her ex-husband, Benito Salvacion. Many of the Salvacion family members that live near the compound, even including her eldest daughter, Dang, plead with her to sell it so they can make a profit, and she can move to a more suitable living area. Hard-headed as she is, Shirley refuses and feels betrayed by her two daughters, Dang and Cherry, for even siding with their father who left them nearly fifteen years ago. Even more upset, she finds out that Dang will want to move out of the Philippines to Australia. Leaving her alone in the Philippines since all her children moved out, Shirley decides to move to New York City with her youngest and only son, Mark Salvacion . Mark is unaware, however, that this supposed vacation of his mother is actually a permanent visit. Upon her arrival to the States, Shirley is picked up at the airport by Noel Villanueva . Thinking he was only hired help, she rudely offers him payment for his services, but he declines. As she walks around the apartment, she notices pictures of Mark and Noel being affectionate toward each other. She then realizes that Noel is, in fact, Mark's new boyfriend. Although she was aware of Mark's homosexuality since his high school years, she gives Noel plenty of trouble and hard times. The story reflects how Shirley changes her attitudes and views from two men that become a big part of her life, and how she accepts the reality that has been presented to her. Unfortunately, unforeseen tragedies occur, and a rift between Shirley and Noel arise. But as she understands Mark's reasons for having her be around Noel all this time, she resolves her issues with him and soon embraces him as a member of her family."] [' Claire , an unfaithful and troubled intern doctor was assigned to treat a young girl with a deadly flu virus. Upon entering the room, the girl mistreats Claire when she tries to treat her. Before leaving, the girl begs Claire that she needs a priest to cure her, but Claire didn\'t believe her and assures that she is sick. The girl angrily shouts at her and tells Claire that she was possessed by a demon until she was taken control by the demon. The girl begins to attack Claire, but she attempts to escape and helplessly watches the girl fell out of the hospital to her death before the girl shifts her face to Claire\'s. Claire lived an unhappy life after her family were murdered by thieves and lives with her religious aunt Beth. Before she take some sleep, She began to remember her family and suffer a nightmare of the girl patient. The next morning she began to act strange, hearing mysterious voices and seeing ominous visions around her before she watch Ronnie , Claire\'s former boyfriend who is now a priest, doing mass. She even tries to convince her boyfriend Jake on her story before she mistreats him. Later before Jake leaves, he accidentally hits a girl but turns out to be the girl patient and kills Jake. Dr. Yulo visits Beth and explains on Claire\'s condition. Beth explains to her on Claire\'s behavior and attitude as Dr. Yulo assures that she was emotionally repressed. When Dr. Yulo enters her room and explains to Claire on her behavior, She lost control of herself that she was possessed by a Diablo and attacks Dr. Yulo but escapes as Beth watches in horror. Beth calls for Ronnie with Fr. Paul to have an exorcism for Claire but the entrance was blocked by a large mound of catholic statues. Before arriving at the house, they are attacked by a possessed Claire but Fr. Paul manage to preach the prayers before Claire collapses. Ronnie began to exorcise the demon on Claire\'s body, but failed on his attempts. The demonized Claire attacks Ronnie but he manage to save himself. The Diablo begins insulting him on his relationship with Claire but Ronnie began to tell Claire to fight herself. Claire manage to save herself from the demon and begs Ronnie to save her. The Diablo began to release from Claire until shards of wood and glass fly towards Ronnie, pinning him to the wall. The Diablo vanishes from Claire but Ronnie dies from his injuries as Claire mourns to his death. Claire became heartbroken & guilty after Ronnie is gone and thus changing her life. Later, Claire is now a doctor and begins treating a little girl. The little girl\'s father appears whom Claire saw Ronnie\'s deforming doppelganger in a vision as she screams.  Kayla  plans on her engagement with Harold . While driving with her best friend and fashion designer Basti , Kayla runs over a woman. As they get out of the car, they find the woman gone but instead sees a secondhand wedding veil before they leave. The next day as she visits a local boutique, she finds a secondhand wedding gown and decides to buy it. Finding it damaged, she requests Basti to fix it. Before preparing to fix it, the gown comes to life and kills a seamstress. While Kayla and Harold have their dinner at a restaurant, she sees an old man  watching her before he leaves. Later, Kayla begins to suffer nightmares about a ghost and an old house. The next day, the gown attacks and kills Basti. After the gown is delivered, Kayla starts to have her nightmares again. After hearing about Basti\'s death, the old man from the restaurant warns Kayla to stop the wedding but she disregards his warning. Kayla notices the gown and decides to return it to the store. She then later becomes suspicious of the gown that killed Basti and caused her nightmares earlier. Harold disregards this and decides to sleep with Kayla. However, when night falls, the gown comes back and attacks Harold & Kayla, but they manage to burn it. While searching for a church, Kayla notices a house similar to the one in her dreams and decides to go inside with Harold. While investigating the house, she happens to notice a painting wherein the woman is wearing the same wedding gown that haunts her. Before the couple could leave, the old man appears to them. Kayla, although mad at first at the old man for seeing him again, explains to the old man of their current situation. The old man tells her the story of the gown. The gown was formerly owned by Lucia . At her wedding, Lucia waited for a long time for her groom, Joaquin. She eventually discovered that he married another woman and Lucia was left heartbroken. Out of anger, she killed Joaquin\'s bride and attempted to kill Joaquin but he accidentally stabs her instead. Before dying, she cursed herself and her gown that she will kill every bride related to Joaquin\'s bloodline. Joaquin stops being involved in women, however, he had a relationship with a lady named Juanita. Before they ended their relationship, Juanita give birth to a boy who is revealed to be Kayla\'s father. The old man reveals himself to be Joaquin and that he is Kayla\'s grandfather. Kayla is the first woman that was related to Joaquin\'s bloodline. Joaquin urges her to stop the wedding because the curse will never stop. While designing a new wedding gown, Kayla becomes suspicious on her new gown, thinking it was the same one that will kill her since and has an uncanny resemblance to the old gown, but changes her mind and decides to wear it. At the peak of their wedding, Lucia possesses Kayla and attempts to kill Harold but Joaquin arrive at the church and began apologizing to Lucia on what he did to her, begging her to take him instead. Lucia kills Joaquin and takes his soul and herself to the afterlife. The wedding continued and Kayla was engaged to Harold. As the guests clap for Kayla and Harold, the gown appear and walking towards them.  Sheila  was interrogated by a policeman  and a social worker  on the incident at the forest. The social worker tries to help her on what happened, much to the policeman\'s anger as Sheila\'s story was explained. She and her mean boyfriend Ryan , her best friend Chari  and her childhood friend Archie  are on their way to the forest on camping with their friend Lia  and troublesome twins Kiko  & Pong . The twins cause trouble in the forest which destroys the anthills much to Lia\'s warning and dislikes. As the friends were sleeping, When Kiko begins strolling at night in the forest, he is captured by a figure. The next morning, they witnessed that he is missing and decide to look for him. When attempting to find him, Lia tries to warn Pong and his brother about the creatures who live in the anthills. They enrage when their homes were destroyed and seek their revenge. When searching for him, Archie, Lia and Pong hears Kiko\'s voice in a cave but they can\'t enter because the cave is deep. Lia and Archie will return to the campsite to get some climbing gear while Pong stays at the cave. Chari was separated from Ryan and Sheila where she was chased by a figure. She gets lost and attempts to run but she fell on the mud. When Chari attempts to get up, a creature attacks and kills her. After Sheila and Ryan find her mutilated body, They attempt to escape and met with Lia and Archie. After a brief argument, Archie & Sheila find Pong and climb down the cave. When entering the cave, they find Kiko and tried to help him. After Kiko dies, the creature who reveals to be a "Lamanglupa", appears and attacks the group as Archie fights the creature. Pong is killed by the creature as Sheila and Archie escape. After separating from the others, another creature appears and kills Ryan as Lia attempts to escape but the creature catches and kills her. Archie is killed, allowing Sheila to escape. Before Sheila gets the car keys and began to leave, she was attacked by the two creatures but Sheila survived and escape before she reaches to the police earlier. None of them don\'t believe her story and the policeman assures that she committed murder. As she remains unresponsive, Sheila screams in pain, collapses on the floor and dies. When the policeman look at her body, a creature emerges out of her stomach, revealing she give birth to a "lamanglupa".'] ["= Nieves   is a happy-go-lucky but a fierce Engkantolarya . While on a walk at the forest one day, she was pursued by an engkanto, Hagnaya . Saying that she has got no crush on him, she vanished the poor engkanto away. It was revealed that Nieves lives with her husband Adonis , a handsome man, and an engkanto heartthrob. But one stormy night, the young man was intentionally kidnapped by an engkanto. With this, Nieves formally resigned her job. Meanwhile, a family from Manila spends their vacation in a new house bounded by a large tree. Celso , however, was hypnotized and was forced to cut the tree thus creating a new problem for his family. Junie , Celso's little nephew, went to see Nieves along with a young girl named Kaysee  after gaining information from Aling Tasing . However, Nieves reluctantly welcomes them, but after seeing a begging Junie, she offered them to be trained as soon as possible. Kaysee and Junie trekked back to Nieves's home when they were welcomed by the townsfolk, complaining about the new attacks of dwarves, elves, kapres, etc. The engkantolarya, still reluctant to resume her job, finally agreed to continue her post. Junie's parents  seek help from Nieves when something happened wrong again: Celso fell ill once more, this time, his illness worsened. Nieves explained why the young man fell ill: he cut the tree in the backyard, which was the home of Hagnaya and his wife, Wai Lana . It was also revealed that the voice that entranced Celso was the engkanto queen herself, Acacia . Nieves negotiated with Wai Lana and Hagnaya personally, explaining that Celso did not mean to cut down the tree and offered them that she will help find their new home. On the contrary, Kaysee, who went with a walk with Junie one day, revealed herself as Acacia. Sensing danger, Junie ran to Nieves and told her what he saw. The engkanto slayer was given a special suit blessed by the good engkantos. As they speak, Acacia ensnared the townsfolk to her lair. Nieves confronted Acacia while Junie healed the townsfolk from entrancement. As the two ladies fight, it was revealed that Acacia had Adonis held hostage in a hill. In anger, the engkanto queen tortured the engkantolarya mercilessly. Enraged, the young slayer threw a repellent in the air while Junie hit it with his sling-stone, killing Acacia in the process. With Adonis back, Nieves and the townsfolk rejoiced."] ['Lara  meets the love of her life, Oliver Cruz . They live a happy married life. She falls in love with Oliver all over again each and every day because of his charm, and also because he was her first love ever. Yet, five months later, Oliver dies of an aneurysm, and financial problems occur for Lara, not to mention heartbreak. At the suggestion of her friends, she rents out the former condominium she and Oliver lived in to a man named Chris Panlilio , and then decides to live with her mother-in-law, Kate, and sister-in-law, Audrey. Intent to help his landlady learn to move on with her life, Chris decides to guide Lara into doing different daily activities to be happy again, in exchange for her teaching him proper Tagalog. Yet, this new found friendship turns into something more special,'] ['Malen  is the daughter of Chayong , a widowed intercessor at Quiapo Church in Manila.<ref nameMagdalena, The Unholy Saint|lastRussell|dateVariety|accessdate33}} Selling religious charms as a way of meeting men, Malen falls for Mike , a gigolo and hustler.<ref name\'Magdalena\' — \'The Unholy Saint\'|lastNed|dateThe New York Times|accessdate30}} Mike hustles both for his own survival and that of his son, but also because "he knows essentially he\'s just strong enough and unscrupulous enough" to do so.<ref nameIn the Tradition of All Memorable Storytelling|lastRuben M.|datePhilippine Daily Inquirer|accessdate2}} After her mother takes umbrage at Malen\'s assumed promiscuity, she moves out of Chayong\'s house and stays with Mike. When her mother then dies of a heart attack, Malen feels guilt and becomes an intercessor despite having previously sworn the profession off. despite not even praying seriously.{{cite news|workAsilo|firstNovember 20, 2004|title7 December 2010|pagepdi3>{{cite news}}'] ['Kimmy and Dora  are identical twins with different personalities. Kimmy is the smart, dictatorial type while Dora is the slow, dumb-wit sister. Kimmy has always been jealous of her sister as Johnson , the man she really likes, only has eyes for Dora. All hell breaks loose when their father  gets a heart attack and makes Dora the majority owner of their family conglomerate if in case he dies. Kimmy thinks this is unfair and gets the help of their lawyer Harry  to take care of business. A misunderstanding brings forth a plan to kill Dora but they kidnapped Kimmy instead. Now Kimmy must find a way to escape her captors while Dora must act as her tough sister and control their company in order to hide the truth from their sick father.'] ['Ever since Mira  woke up from a car accident, she started seeing things that she could not explain. She felt paranormal activity is occurring inside their house. Although she could not remember anything that happened before the accident, Dave came to her house and explained to her that she was supposed to leave her husband, Paul and elope with him. Dave told her that she loved him and she trusted a secret to him. Mira learned that Paul had another sexmate before which caused their relationship to deteriorate. Even her blind child, Sophie seemed aloof and is scared of her. She started to patch things up between her and her family but she could not forget what Dave told her about trusting him her secret. Mira called up Dave to meet him and Dave explained to her the secret she seemed to have forgotten already because of the accident. Dave told her how she had a twin sister named Maria that she left in a mental institute because she had been insane since their mother\'s death. Mira and Dave went to the mental institute to see Maria but the doctor said that Maria had died a month back and since no one claimed her body, they took the corpse to a University for study. She told Paul about this which surprised him, all along not knowing that Mira ever had a twin sister. Paul called the university to claim the corpse and then had it cremated. Mira and Paul\'s daughter, Sophie, underwent an eye transplant. Sophie was so excited to see the eclipse as this is her first time to see again since she got blind. The moment she opened her eyes, she saw a woman standing behind her mother and the people around were wondering who she was seeing since no other people were there. Paul and Mira could no longer take the paranormal activity so they decided to consult a medium to help them. The old man told Mira and Paul that a powerful black magic is due to acquire a physical body on the eclipse when all spirits become more powerful. The medium found a doll which he called "antigua", a powerful device that the bad spirit used to let itself remain in this world. On the night of the eclipse, Sophie and Paul were watching the phenomenon when Paul caught a glimpse of something white approaching them. It was Maria\'s body. He took Sophie inside the house and in her room, he found a tape which when he played in Sophie\'s video cam recorder, he saw it was recorded by Mira for him. The video showed Mira videotaping herself before the car accident she went through. Mira was saying in the tape how Paul could fight Maria. In the room where Mira was, her body became that of Maria. The twist was then revealed. It was Maria who came back from the car accident and it was Mira who died in the asylum and got cremated. Mira had been dead all along and it was Maria who used her body to come back to the world and take vengeance against Mira through her family. Mira recalled that their mother was a mangkukulam and tried to transfer her powers to the twins when they were young. Being the braver one, Mira tried to contradict their mother\'s chants as she did not want to learn about her evil doings and voodoo magic. When the twin grew up, Mira decided to run away from home, leaving Maria behind. Their mother died soon after. Mira attended the burial and realized that Maria had gone insane, claiming she could talk to things that Mira could not see. Mira then told her twin that she would bring her with her to Manila. It turned out though that Mira sent her to a mental institute. Maria was left heartbroken. One night, she stayed up late and did a powerful black magic so that her and Mira\'s body could switch. The chant was effective although when Maria\'s soul transferred to Mira\'s body who was on the way to the mental asylum to stop Maria from doing any harm to her family, the car got into a horrible accident. Maria, who woke up in Mira\'s body could no longer remember anything while Mira who found herself in Maria\'s body woke up from the trance already in the asylum. In the present, Paul replayed the video tape that Mira left for him. Mira said that by the time that Paul got to watch the video, she would have been dead. Paul needed to trap Maria into a circle made of Mira\'s body\'s dust. Paul did this but Maria discovered the trick. She was pushed though by Sophie from behind and there, she was trapped in the circle of dust. Paul stabbed the "antigua" with a piece of wood and Maria\'s soul burned and disappeared. Mira\'s soul showed up to the father and daughter to bid her final farewell. It is hinted at the end that Mira\'s Daughter Sophie saw the book that is used in "kulam"'] ['The story is about four beautiful half-sisters - Patricia, Stephanie, Isabella, and Courtney - who have problems in their personal lives.'] ["In the film, Weng stars as Agent 00, who is sent to stop the drug trade and its mysterious warlord Mr. Giant.  He befriends a woman who, still in the grip of the organization, works as a mole for him. This leads to many battles between 00 and the villain's henchmen. The plot shifts to Mr. Giant's true goal: using the N-Bomb. Created by Dr. Kohler, it is a weapon that does something that is never really explained. Always the company man, Agent 00 takes this story swing in stride and continues to fight the villains. One part early on has him sneaking up on people throughout, which is easy given that he exists just below most people's peripheral vision. Another has him taking on Samurai and with a conveniently-scaled katana sword."] ['Bong  has liked Winona  since time immemorial but he never had the courage to pursue her. Winona on the other hand, seems to be also showing interest in Bong, but he is too insensible to notice this. One day, in the tenement Bong is managing for his Aunt Lolit, he receives the final notes from the recently deceased neighborhood Doctor. Panying, Doc’s assistant, hands Bong his result and asks Bong to just hand out Winona’s. He checks out his letter and sees that the results are all negative. Bong is very healthy. However, as he opens Winona’s envelope, fear drowns him because he knows about the so-called curse that all the women in Winona’s family die before 25. Her mother died after giving birth at the age of 24, her older brother died of bangunot at age 21, her maternal aunt disappeared during Martial Law at 23, her grandmother died during World War II at age 20, her great grandmother is said that she died of drowning at age 18, her greatest grandmother died of malaria at age 22, he ancestor was devoured by a dinosaur at age 19. Bong is aware that Winona is turning 25 soon and this letter might just confirm that curse. He opens the letter and sees the result. It is positive. Winona has lupus and she will die soon. Bong vows to make Winona’s last remaining days happy and perfect. Bong goes through the whole montage of making life blissful for Winona. Winona and Bong become a lot closer to each other. They begin to fall in love. When Winona turned 25, she didn’t die. She found the letter sent by the hospital. She discovers then that her results were all negative. Bong finds out about the good news, he is thrilled. So whose results did Bong find? Who was the real person with lupus? After the party of Winona, she decides to tell Bong how she feels about him. However, as she starts to tell Bong, he faints. Eventually, he learns that he is the one with lupus. He finds out that the Doctor’s assistant made a mistake with his notes. He felt devastated. However, Bong is determined not to tell Winona. He’s not confident to love Winona anymore since he will die soon. Winona and Bong started to fight and drift apart. Winona felt neglected and unloved. Winona meets her old time crush. Bong feels jealous of this. He realizes that he wants to spend the rest of his remaining days loving Winona. Bong tries to win her back. Will Winona accept his love? Is there still chance for a happy ending for the two?http://myonlyu.yehey.com/story.html'] ['Jack Kaplan is a US Army Soldier and Weapons Expert kept as a POW somewhere in Vietnam, Cambodia or Laos . Liberated by a "rescue team", he returns home to the United States only to find out that his wife Diane has been captured by infatuated gangster Duffy Collins. Kaplan embarks on a mission to find his wife, running into characters like Digger, Man With The Golden Hand, and the treacherous femme fatale Eve. Diane is killed by Collins while trying to escape him, and the storyline turns extremely confusing. Collins sends bizarrely named hitmen like Cat Burglar and Panther out to kill Jack Kaplan, who dispatches all of them. Kaplan ends up suspected of the murder of one of the minor baddies  and a fugitive from the law. Mike Monty and Ronnie Patterson show up as policemen, who eventually track Kaplan down to a junkyard where he\'s been hiding. Kaplan escapes with the help of his customized car and a combination of a bazooka, a crossbow and a shotgun. The setting switches from the US to "the jungle". Kaplan kills a legion of policemen on his trail and is wounded in the process. He holes up in a "jungle" cave, where he\'s attacked by a ninja called Shadow, who is one of the henchmen of Duffy Collins. Kaplan kills Shadow, masquerades as him and infiltrates the stronghold of Collins, where he, after a short fight, disposes of him with Shadows samurai sword.'] ["In a remote fishing island in the 50's, Pepito  grows up learning the trade of his mother, Rosa , the only midwife capable of delivering the newborn babies of their community. At first, the young son doesn't mind the unusual arrangement, but as he grows older, he begins to resist the role traditionally meant only for women. In time, Pepito's coming of age intersects with the lives of other islanders whose beliefs and struggles become critical impetus to his maturity. Eventually, embarrassment and prejudices were overcame by acceptance and love between mother and son"] ["{{Empty section}} The film is about Diana Jackson , who learns her brother is missing. She suspects a powerful gangster and his friends are behind the disappearance. Determined to get at the truth, she goes to Hong Kong, and along with a friend named Joe, wages war on the criminal gang she's out to nail."] ["One year after the violent death of Carlos'  girlfriend Beatrice, Anna , Carlos current love starts experiencing supernatural events. Afraid and surprised, Anna thinks that Beatrice's ghost is haunting her. Anna approaches an espiritista, Idang , and the medium tells her that Beatrice, powered by her Babang Luksa, is possibly haunting Anna to extract her revenge, as Anna is the main cause of her suicide. Anna performs a ritual to speak to the dead girl's spirit, and to pacify Beatrice's anger. For a while, the haunting stops… Until the deaths begin. It begins with their common friend, Miguel. More perplexed than before, Anna consults Idang again, who tells her that it is not Beatrice’s spirit that she called out – it is a Sigbin. A spirit trapped within the portal of the mirror, a Sigbin will need to acquire three spirits that are close to the person who set it free – Anna. Three spirits who have no protection from Death by breaking the power of the pamahiin. The only way to save these three victims is to protect themselves from Death by fulfilling the pamahiin. Miguel, who failed to do pagpag, the act of passing through a different place after a wake before going home, was taken first. Despite Idang’s intervention, Miguel’s girlfriend, Kris, is killed next. Unable to take back what she did – knocked on Beatrice’s casket – Kris is taken by the Sigbin. Idang is ultimately killed by the Sigbin for interfering with its will. After Kris’s death, Anna remembers that Carlo placed a rosary upon Beatrice’s folded hands a year before – a rosary which he forgot to cut. Carlo and Anna rushes to Beatrice’s grave. Carlo dugs up the body, and cuts the rosary. They are momentarily relieved… The past flashes back and Anna realizes that before they bury Beatrice, Carlo discreetly placed a rosary in the corpse’s pocket. Then Carlo is suddenly taken. Darkness swallows the scene, and Anna's scream is heard."] ['Honey  is a housewife married to Tim . She gets a nagging feeling that her husband is being unfaithful. She realizes that she has not been taking care of her personal appearance so she enrolls in a gym where she meets Frances  who has a boyfriend named TJ. TJ and Tim are the same person. TJ is in the car with Frances, talking, but soon he realizes that Frances is pregnant with his baby. He starts crying, but Frances mistakes them for tears of joy. Then, Honey and Frances are in the restaurant having a good time. Frances passes out, when her phone starts ringing. Honey answers Frances\'s phone and Tim answers. Thinking that he was talking to Frances, he tells her that he is sorry, but he is married with three children. Honey was enraged that Tim cheated on her with Frances, and plots to get revenge on Frances and tries to keep Tim from getting close to Frances ever again. After a series of events,they find out that Tim was to blame. Honey and Frances are BFFs again and Honey forgives Tim. Tim was so happy, and he starts jumping in joy shouting "Yahoo!!!", but he gets hit by a car and dies. After that, Frances and Honey continue to be BFFs.'] ['Weng Weng plays an agent, code-named “00” who works for the Manila branch of Interpol. The Chief sends him in pursuit of an arch villain, Mr X, whose white sock covered head is reminiscent of the Ku Klux Klan’s pointed hoods. When Mr X holds the Philippines for ransom two businessmen, Maolo and Simeon, pay his demands. Weng Weng suspects foul play and goes deep undercover to reveal the true identity of the mysterious Mr X.'] ["In the remote countryside of Ilongo, various women are sexually abused by local men. Two sisters, Tonya , a sexually repressed young woman, and Selda , a promiscuous woman, meet Simon , the most attractive man in the village. Tonya teaches catechism to the children of the village. Selda comes home from the city with her American lover, whom she throws out shortly afterward. She's the exact opposite of Tonya, as her views on sex are more liberal and less guilt-filled. Tonya is secretly sexually attracted to Simon, but she refuses his sexual advances."] ['Diego and His Brothers is a story loosely based on events surrounding three brothers during World War II in the Philippines. The film tells the story of Diego , a young boy on a journey with his brothers to find an aircraft to take them away from the Japanese invasion. As the story unfolds, so too does the relationship between the brothers, as they try to overcome their own interior and exterior factors that keep them from getting to their destination. The short film is a story of brotherhood, as well as a coming of age tale that follows the young protagonist, Diego. Diego and His Brothers stars Julijo Pisk, Enrique Gil, and Pica Lozano.{{cite web}}'] ['Only son, Carlitos, suddenly finds himself the man of an all-female household when his father dies of heart attack. He falls in love with an offbeat girl and is forced to make a choice between following his heart or risk losing the love of the family which has nurtured him all his life.'] ['The setting is a small town named Cupang, a community set in an arid landscape. The townsfolk believed that the drought they were having was a curse placed on the upon the town for driving away a leper years before. During a solar eclipse, Elsa , a local young woman, allegedly saw an apparition of the Blessed Virgin Mary atop a barren hill, the same place where her adoptive mother Aling Salíng  found her as a baby. Right after, she started faith healing local residents assisted by her friends, Chayong  and Sepa , who eventually became part of her "Seven Apostles",Lee, Ricardo. "Si Tatang at mga HImala ng Ating Panahon - Himala", p. 54-93. Bagong Likha Publications, Inc. .'] ["Cert: 15 Stella  decides to marry Anton , 3 years after her husband died. Anton was her great love before she was forced by her parents to marry Danilo . However, after the wedding, she experiences major hauntings that endanger her life and the people around her. All the clues are pointing to her dead husband. Feeling guilty of her dead husband's death, Stella tries to save her family from the ghost's wrath. Along the way, secrets start to unravel and Stella is now unsure of who's haunting her and why she's being haunted."] ['Taking place at present times, Tribu tells the story of street life in the slums of Tondo, Manila, a lower class suburb in the northwest portion of the city of Manila. The film is told from the viewpoint of a young ten-year-old boy named Ebet who We follow as he witnesses the deadly lives of teen age gang members in Tondo and the events that lead to their explosive confrontation. The film follows Ebet who witnesses three youths being initiated into the Thugz Angels gang. In the opening sequence of the film, the 10-year-old boy explains the genesis of the tribes. They exist, he says, because the children are poor. They are poor because they or their parents lack jobs. In Tondo, the boy says, you have to be tough or you die. Even a child needs to be tough. But in the hell that is Tondo, he says, even a child can be God. The Thugz Angels tribe members chance upon a blood-soaked body of a member of another gang. Police arrest a Thugz Angels member for the murder. The murdered teen is a member of the Sacred Brown Tribe, whose leaders vow to avenge their fallen member. They learn that Diablos gang members killed the SBT neophyte. During the wake, SBT members forge a reluctant alliance with the Thugz Angels, and assemble to raid the Diablos lair. The dangerous unlit streets and labyrinthine alleyways in the ghetto district of Tondo in Manila, serves as a claustrophobic backdrop to a random killing that triggers a wild and bloody gang war The Diablos are older, more experienced, and confident of their fighting prowess. They know that they are being targeted for revenge and prepare accordingly. Ebet lurks throughout the story, an enigma that is part innocent child and cynical adult. His loyalties are a mystery, and all that is clear to us is his love for his drug-addicted mother.'] ['The film tells the story of Himalaya "Laya" Marquez , a 27 year old travel photographer who projects a cold, aloof persona to her family and workmates. The beginning of the film reveals that she is estranged from her mother Luzviminda  and her father, the famous Photographer Danilo Marquez . The film also reveals that she hasn\'t had a complete dream or a full night\'s sleep since age 12. Things come to a head for Laya when her father suffers from a heart attack. Although she pays for his hospital bills, she refuses to see him at the hospital, which leads to even further strain between her and her mother. The film reveals that her father used to visit Laya in her bedroom in the small hours of the night in order to abuse her - a fact which leads Laya\'s mother to leave, thinking that Danilo was seeing another woman, but not knowing that "the other woman" was in fact her daughter. Not long after, Laya and new co-worker Eric  are assigned by their boss  to document the Mangatyanan blood trail ritual of the Labwanan  before the practice dies out forever. When the pair meet the Labwanan, they discover a severely dwindled group whose cultural identity is now asserted only by their tribal leader Mang Renato . While documenting the ritual, Laya feels a connection between the tribe’s predicament and her own. When the disagreements and moral failures among the Labwanan lead to the disruption of the Mangatyanan ritual, Laya and Eric are asked to leave. Before finally leaving the tribe however, Laya runs away and takes it upon herself to perform the steps Mangatyanan ritual, one of the final steps of which is drinking a potentially fatal hallucigenic concoction. While Eric and the tribesmen attempt to resuscitate Laya, the effects of the drink give her a vision of her father, who asks for her forgiveness. When she refuses, he instead convinces her to forgive her mother, which finally allows Laya to experience dignity and personal freedom.'] ['Julio Madiaga is a probinciano who arrives in Manila. From time to time, Julio would pass by the corner of Ongpin and Misericordia as he stares at a peculiar building from a distance. While pursuing his quest, he has to work in order to survive the conditions of the urban jungle. At first, Julio lands a job as a construction worker. Being not used to such labor, he at one point falls unnconscious due to fatigue. In the site, he befriends Atong, a fellow construction worker who has been employed for five weeks prior. A co-worker advises Julio that metropolitan life is quite difficult unless one has the income to enjoy living off the comforts of the city. Julio begins to slowly observe the harsh reality of the society, even witnessing the accidental death of one of the workers. One day, while Julio and Atong are shopping for clothes in the marketplace, a fat lady dressed in black and wearing sunglasses catches Julio\'s attention. Julio immediately runs to the crowd and attempts to follow this woman. He successfully locates the woman and approaches her. However, before he could even say anything, the lady yells in distress. Julio instantly flees in order to prevent a scene to be made. Julio runs back to Atong and both of them leave the area, much to Atong\'s chagrin. Eventually, the construction of the building is nearing completion. In order to lessen the number of expenses, it is natural that a handful of workers are laid off from work. Julio is one of them. As his time in Manila becomes much longer, Julio gets slowly overwhelmed by the system. For instance, while having coffee at an eatery, Julio sees a waitress being abused and berated by her employer. This leaves Julio all somber. In between each scenario, Julio would often reminisce of his simple life in the province. Julio once again visits the street corner he would frequent, staring at that building right across him. He then catches a glimpse of a young woman\'s silhouette by the lit window. Julio cannot believe what he saw and immediately calls out to the figure, addressing her as "Ligaya". But his call was not heard and he can see that the room is already dark. The scene then abruptly cuts to Julio having a conversation with a friend. His friend asks Julio why he is looking for a certain Ligaya Paraiso, something he heard from Atong. Then, in place of the brief flashbacks previously shown, Julio finally tells his story in full narrative. Both Julio and his girlfriend Ligaya shared a happy life together in the province. However, the idyllic moments have been interrupted however when a fat lady wearing sunglasses , arrives on their shore. The fat lady is Mrs. Cruz, whom Julio describes as "obese like a pig". Cruz handles a brothel in Manila and happens to look for young women to recruit. She takes a keen interest in getting Ligaya, who is referred to by Julio as the most beautiful woman in their community, to work for her. Cruz asks the consent of Ligaya\'s mother for Ligaya to work in Manila, promising a great opportunity for her and a very high salary, as well. Ligaya, who is reluctant to go, accepts the offer in order to help her family live a better life by bringing home whatever fee she earns. As Ligaya is ready to board the boat that will take her offshore to a place that will be new to her, the community bid her farwell. Julio, on the other hand, does not join the others and instead distants himself from a far vantage. Ligaya sees Julio, and likewise; but the latter is deeply hurt to even approach her. She then gets on the boat with Cruz. That is the last time that Julio will ever see Ligaya. Regretting the actions he did, Julio travels to Manila in order to search for Ligaya. As soon as Julio arrived, he was looking everywhere for Ligaya. Then one day, Julio happened to glance at Mrs. Cruz walking by some street. Julio followed her until she stopped at a certain building parallel to Ongpin and Misericordia. Julio seemed curious, so he entered the building one time. He wounds up in the third floor of the building and stumbles upon a large unit there. He checks to see if people are on the other end of the door. An old woman responds and asks who is he looking for, to which Julio tells the woman that he is looking for someone named Ligaya Paraiso. The old woman claims of not knowing her and asks the other person guarding the place, an old man, if he knows Ligaya. The old man becomes hostile to Julio and denies that he even knows of a Ligaya Paraiso and slams the door. Hence, this is the reason why Julio poses by the street corner, to keep a look out for Ligaya, if ever she leaves the building. Julio has encountered a lot of misfortune while in Manila, having been prone to being victimized by the city’s scum. To make matters worse, he finds out that his best friend, Atong, had been arrested because of a mere squabble and has died in jail. Atong’s sister, Perla, later goes missing after their father dies in a fire that consumed their house. Julio continues looking for Perla and learns from Imo, who now has generated good income after landing a job in advertising, that the girl is now in Makati. In one of his searches for his lost love, Julio gets robbed of most of his belongings including his most treasured diary. Slowly, Julio develops a cynical demeanor as he gradually loses hope of ever finding Ligaya. One day, however, Julio finally reunites with Ligaya after many years of being away from each other. They both spend the night together. Julio learns from Ligaya that she had been tricked by Mrs. Cruz, ending up as a recruit in a prostitution ring under the authority of Ah Tek, a corrupt Chinese businessman. Ligaya further explains that she is now the mother of Ah Tek’s child and how she has become disillusioned with how her life is going. Julio, feeling the same sentiment, proposes to Ligaya that they are to meet at the Arranque market by midnight and leave Manila together. Ligaya is initially reluctant for fear that Ah Tek might find out, but Julio promises her that he will wait three more hours for her. Ligaya then agrees to it. Later at Arranque, Julio patiently waits for Ligaya until the wee hours of the morning, only for the latter not to show up. Thinking that Ligaya broke her promise, this saddens Julio, and he returns to Pol\'s home to sleep it off. Pol, being aware of how depressed his friend is, tries to sport a cheerful mood and wakes Julio up for an outing. Julio complies half-heartedly. Later as the two are dining at an eatery, Pol tries to lighten the mood but fails to do so as Julio is still quite depressed. Pol gives up and reluctantly breaks the news to Julio that Ligaya is dead. Julio does not want to believe it, but Pol hands him a copy of a newspaper article declaring it to be true. Julio learns from Pol that Ligaya died after being thrown off a flight of stairs right after being strangled. The two later visits the funeral parlor where Ligaya’s wake is being held and pay their respects. Julio, dealing with so many frustrations, transforms from a meek and kind-hearted boy into a bitter and vengeful man. A few days after, Julio and Pol view Ligaya’s burial from afar. Only a few people, including Mrs. Cruz, are in attendance for the last rites. Julio spots a peculiar Chinese man standing next to Mrs. Cruz. Julio assumes this to be Ah Tek. Pol consoles Julio, advising him to let the matter go and leave the burial peaceful. One night, Julio, who is bent with rage, approaches the brothel in Misericordia with the intention of killing Ah Tek. The moment he arrives, Julio successfully stabs Ah Tek to death. A mob quickly gathers and runs after Julio. Eventually, Julio is cornered in a dark alley and the mob is ready to beat him up. The screen freezes to a close-up of Julio’s terrified face.'] ['A nun named Dolores is raped. She becomes pregnant, gives birth and is punished by cruel superiors. She then meets Vince and marries him but later discovers that Vince was the one who raped her.'] ['Tina  and Lea  have been best friends since they met in a concert of their idolized actress Vilma Santos. Suddenly, Lea decides to go to South Korea to find a better job. Years later, Tina gives birth to a boy while Lea gives birth to a girl. They name the two Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl to commemorate Vilma\'s son Luis "Lucky" Manzano. They then vowed to each other that their children will marry in the appropriate time. However, as Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl grow up, the children have started hating their mothers for ruining their childhoods after Tina and Lea arranged their parties with themes of Vilma Santos\' films. Years have passed and Lea, with Lucky Girl , goes back to the Philippines to live with her best friend. At the airport, Tina, with Lucky Boy , gets ready for her best friend\'s arrival by arranging a welcome home party. Lucky Girl and Lucky Boy, on the other hand, are not very excited to see each other. Lucky Girl leaves while her mother is watching a film, while Lucky Boy departs to go to his apartment. Meanwhile, Lea notices that she is the only passenger left on the plane and that Lucky Girl is missing. At a telephone booth, Lucky Girl and Lucky Boy meet each other, not knowing who the opposite is. Lucky Girl spots Lucky Boy wearing a pink SpongeBob SquarePants towel, which was one of her ideals for her soulmate. Lucky Girl continues to fall in love with Lucky Boy as they meet in spontaneous circumstances. In the meantime, Tina and Lea have gone crazy after looking everywhere for Lucky Girl. At his apartment, Lucky Boy lets Lucky Girl to stay at his house for the meantime; only to disagree after learning that her name is Lucky Girl. A flashback shows Lucky Girl  almost falling into a well after being hit by Lucky Boy . Lucky Boy says sorry, only to be kicked by Lucky Girl in his newly circumcised penis. At first, Lucky Boy refuses for Lucky Girl to stay, only to accept after Lucky Girl says she will do anything. This starts Lucky Boy taking the chance for revenge onto Lucky Girl. The next day, Tina and Lea investigate Lucky Boy\'s house. Lucky Boy\'s friend Thea  protects Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl\'s appearance to their mothers. Lucky Boy, on the other hand, tours Lucky Girl to her new apartment which is beside his apartment. Convinced, Tina and Lea return home to Tina\'s house. The next day, Lucky Girl is helped by Lucky Boy and his other friends Macoy  and Yammy  in decorating her apartment. At ABS-CBN, Lea and Tina interrupts a line after trying to sneak in front, causing a commotion. One of the persons involved in the trouble, Ralph , is comforted by the two. The two starts to fall in love with him, only until Cara  interrupts announcing that Vilma Santos is in the building. The three search for the actress, only to find look-alikes of the actress. While Lucky Boy, Macoy, and Jose  pulls a prank onto Lucky Girl, Lucky Girl mistakes Jose as Lucky Boy. That night, Lucky Girl tries to leave her apartment, only to be convinced by Lucky Boy to stay. She decides to call her mother, in which she said that they will meet at a bar tomorrow night. At the bar, Lea, Tina, and Ralph wait for Lucky Girl and Lucky Boy. The host announces a dance contest, wherein Lea and Tina decides to join it to impress Ralph. The duo\'s dance continues until they were only half-dressed, which was seen by their children. Lucky Girl, ashamed of her mother and learning that Lucky Boy was coming, decides to leave the bar. The next day, Lucky Boy asks Lucky Girl if she want to come at an amusement park. Lucky Girl reluctantly agrees. There, Lucky Boy starts to hallucinate, a sign that he was falling in love with Lucky Girl. That night, at her apartment, Lucky Girl finds Jose snooping into her stuff. She performs taekwondo on him, until Jose admits who is the real Lucky Boy. Upon learning this, Lucky GIrl plots revenge to Lucky Boy. One night, Lucky Boy asks Lucky Girl for a date. Lucky Girl gets mad at him for not admitting the truth. At the restaurant, Lea and Tina, with Ralph, sees their children fighting. They broke up the fight, only to end up fighting themselves. Weeks have passed and Lea and Tina still hate each other. While getting angry to her mother for idolizing Vilma Santos, Lucky Girl learns that her mother was abused by her father, and that attending Vilma\'s concerts is the only thing that made Lea happy. Lucky Girl, with Lucky Boy, Cara, Ralph, Yammy, Thea, Macoy, and Jose, plans to fix Lea and Tina\'s friendship by throwing a party for the two. Although this was unsuccessful, Cara explains to Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl that there is only one person who can fix the fight, that even Lea and Tina would not disagree. At Vilma\'s reunion concert, Lea  and Tina  sees their idol onstage. Vilma calls Lea and Tina, who she says are the real "lucky ones", and tries to fix their friendship. Lea and Tina reprises their friendship, while Lucky Boy and Lucky Girl kisses each other. The film ends with the cast dancing to Park\'s "Ang Ganda Ko" .'] ["Based on a technicality, the Supreme Court has ordered the release of the three Satanist men convicted of raping Jake Cabrera's wife Hannah  after eight years in prison. Jake decides to render his own brand of justice. However, the souls of the three convicts possess him, causing harm to his family.<ref namehttp://www.mb.com.ph/issues/2004/06/16/ENTR2004061611943.html|titlePizzaro|first2004-06-16|publisher2008-12-17}} {{Dead link}}"] ['Enteng Kabisote , is a Tagalupa married to Faye , a lovely fairy and the only daughter of Ina Magenta , Queen of Engkantasya, an enchanted kingdom. The couple has two children, Aiza  and Benok . The family is living peacefully and happily until the day Satana , the evil queen of Kadiliman brings chaos to earth by sending Romero , Lucy , and Fer  to poison the water of the dams. But Venuz  and Aries , armor fairies sent by Ina Magenta stopped them. Satana turns her ire to Enteng’s family. She sends Itim , to spy on Enteng and Faye. But because of the family’s goodness to him, Itim deceived and lied to Satana. In turn, Satana transforms herself into a young girl named Tanny , who seduces and possesses Benok but Enteng manages to stop her evil deed in time. Burning with anger, Satana kidnaps Faye. She demands that Ina Magenta surrenders her good powers so she can rule the earth. Instead, Ina sends Enteng and Benok together with Itim  to fight Satana. After a numerous adventures and comic fights, they manage to rescue Faye.'] ['Cast December 2007}}. As a result, their circumstances were written in the story - Adie flew off to the United States at the start of the movie, while Melissa went to Davao to join her father. *William Martinez as Tonton *JC Bonnin as Toffee *Herbert Bautista as Gilbert *Raymond Lauchengco as Arnel *Ramon Christopher as Mikee *Cheska Iñigo as Ruth *Eula Valdez as Janice *Francis Magalona as Ponce aka Pawnshop *Jon Jon Hernandez as Wally *Monette Rivera as Lorraine *Cherie Gil as Marinel'] [' Uyayi  opens with the story of an obscure hospital being gripped by controversy because of its strange nature. An obscure hospital named the Angel of Mercy hospital was haunted by unknown spirits. Most of the victims are male patients. A nurse named Melissa  points the finger of blame to Dr. Carl , one of the superior doctors of the aforementioned hospital. A frantic Melissa seeks help from her boyfriend James . Melissa and James conclude that someone or something makes the patients die. James offered to spy at the hospital, pretending to be a sick patient to investigate if Dr. Carl is indeed the killer. They even interviewed a patient, to no avail, gaining no information. The next night at 3AM, the spirits attacked again, this time killing another patient. Some doctors speculated that he died in a nightmare. Worse, Melissa discovered that James had a girlfriend before thus making a temporary turmoil between them. James and Melissa\'s plan failed. The tide began to turn, one night, when Dr. Carl was found dead in his car. Sensing danger, Melissa\'s sanity began to wane: she wonders if the culprit is human. A series of apparitions began to manifest themselves, driving her crazy. The conclusion of it all began at the 3AM next morning. The hauntings worsened: she began to see hallucinations of James being murdered. Finally, the young journalist calmed her down and formulated their next move. Surprisingly, Melissa began to lose her sanity and hums a lullaby: a very spine-chilling lullaby resembling a mockingbird\'s song. She begrudgingly warns James to never turn back and pushed him to a shelf of chemicals, severely burning him as Melissa stabs him to death with a scapel. It was revealed that Melissa was the real culprit.  For the edge-driving finale, Salamin  grips us into the uncanny tale of a family moving into a new house, which was seemed uninhabited for years. This old house has nothing, even electricity, making the atmosphere horrible. Rosing , along with her daughters Angel  and Nina  begin a new life at their new home. However, Rosing detects the smell of blood. It was happening ever since they sat foot at the house. Angel dismisses it, saying she is sick. The girls explored the rest of the house, saying it was perfect. Meanwhile, Nina tries to open a door leading to the basement, but to no avail. One night, during a happy dance and dinner, the mysterious door opened itself. This door was the one Nina was trying to open that morning. They examined the basement to see an antique-looking mirror. Angel then told Nina of a superstition: once you lighted a candle in front of a mirror, during a full moon, make a wish and it will come true. Rosing objected to their plan, saying it\'s too dangerous. So dangerous it is. Immediately, after their little "ritual", strange things began to stir the atmosphere. What the girls don\'t know, they have conjured the spirits from the mirror. The mirror was supposed to be a portal of lost souls, whom they have summoned after their candle-lighting incident. However, the ghosts do not reveal themselves yet. Aside to the growing turmoil inside the house, Angel\'s boyfriend Lander\'s  unfaithfulness adds strain to their relationship causing them to be estranged. Thus, they have no contact to each other. The hauntings began to worsen. A frantic Angel seeks help from her psychic friend Trixie . Their guts were right: Trixie told them that the spirits from the mirror were souls of the previous tenants of the house. They weren\'t just one, but many of them. And there is only one culprit. Angel and Trixie have decided to get rid of the mirror, dumping it in the river. Rosing decided to bless the house. However, the hauntings worsened. Until one morning, after another haunting incident, the family had had enough. They hastily packed and were to move to Trixie\'s house. Before they depart, Angel saw another mirror that foresaw that her family will die. At Trixie\'s house, the spirits have followed them relentlessly. That night, Angel decided to stop it all and trekked back to their old house. There, she learns that the house caretaker Nestor  was the culprit on the crimes that happened. The chase begins here. Trixie, Rosing and Nina came to Angel\'s aid; however, Trixie was bludgeoned in the head. They were forced to abandon her. Angel, Rosing and Nina tried to flee but they were cornered: Angel and Rosing were stabbed; Nina, the remaining survivor, was pursued by Nestor in the attic, where the latter hums the lullaby to lure the terrified little girl. A bleeding Angel hits Nestor in the head, killing him. Afterwards, Angel dies in Nina\'s arms.  The ending of Wag Kang Lilingon winds up being the epilogue to Salamin and a prologue to Uyayi. It turns out that in Salamin, after the tragic events leaves Nina an orphan, she is placed with an adoption agency and changes her name from Nina to Melissa . She leaves for the United States, where she studies nursing for the next 6 years, only to return to the Philippines to work at the Angel of Mercy hospital. It is then revealed that her childhood home was demolished and the hospital was erected in its place. The spirits that haunts the Angel of Mercy hospital are the same ghosts that haunted Nina/Melissa\'s old house. The movie ends with Nina/Melissa driving James\' body to Angel\'s dream house, which the audience was privy to in Salamin. Still wracked with guilt, Melissa delude herself into believing her mother, Angel and James are still alive and pretends to have dinner with them. "Angel" tells Melissa that she can\'t hold them in the mortal coil like this, and as the camera zooms out, it is shown that Nina/Melissa is actually carrying the entire conversation in her head, she is actually not talking to anyone and James is still very dead. Melissa imagines that she hears James whisper her name, then leans in closer towards him. Suddenly, James awakens from his unconscious state and grabs her by the neck. The film ends abruptly.'] ["Thelma , together with her husband Dado  and teenage sons Gerald  and Yuri , are an urban poor family hired by a local foster care facility to provide temporary home and care to abandoned babies pending the latter's formal adoption. The inevitable separation is heart-rending for the foster family. Thelma's foster child John-John  is to be turned over to his adoptive American parents. Every moment with the 3-year-old John-John becomes more precious as Thelma goes through the day fulfilling her motherly duties for the last time—bathing John-John, feeding him, and bringing him to school where the boy participates in a school presentation."] ["Harry went to Manila with his friend James to exact vengeance on his abusive father who used to pimp him and killed his mother. He ended up working as a Macho dancer in a gay club and became involved with a gay writer and a hooker. When he set out to look for his father to avenge his mother's death, he found him dying of AIDS in a shack in squatter's area and told him that his mother was alive after all. He looked for his mother and got reunited with her who taught him to forgive his father. His father eventually dies."] ["Señor Manuel is an elderly gentleman who falls in love with the charming Luisa , a confidence trickster posing as a rich socialite. In preparation for their upcoming wedding, Señor Manuel takes Luisa back to see his hacienda and introduces his new fiancé to the staff. Among which is Gabriel , Manuel's right-hand man, who is not only well respected by the town’s people, but is also the one person that Señor Manuel trusts the most. Likewise, Gabriel cares deeply for the old man and is very protective of the haciendero; so much so that during the initial meeting, the fiercely devoted Gabriel immediately becomes suspicious that Luisa is a fake and is only after Señor Manuel’s money. In order to expose Luisa as nothing but a gold digger, Caught in a tangled web of lies and deceit, all so unexpected . . .all so unwanted, what twisted fate awaits them?"] ['Maxi  is a 12-year-old effeminate gay boy who lives in the slums with his father and brothers who are petty thieves. The story primarily revolves around the conflict between his love for handsome young police officer Victor , and his family\'s illegal livelihood. Neo-realist in orientation, the film is a tale of lost innocence and redemption amidst the poverty of Manila\'s slums. Maxi behaves like a girl, wearing clips in his hair and bangles on his wrists and even wearing lipstick. He is teased by neighbors and former school friends. His sexuality is, however, fully accepted by his two brothers and by his father. One night he is accosted by two men who attempt to molest him, but is saved by the appearance of Victor. Victor does not have a girlfriend, and his sexuality is never revealed. He rebuffs Maxi\'s advances, only affectionately stoking Maxi\'s head even when the boy steals a kiss. After Maxi\'s father is killed by Victor\'s boss, Maxi resists Victor\'s attempts to renew their friendship. The closing scene shows Maxi walking past Victor who has parked by the roadside on Maxi\'s way to school. He ignores Victor as he passes him, hesitates momentarily as he crosses the road, then goes on his way. This last scene is a homage to the final scene of "The Third Man".'] ['This movie is about the story of Luis "Chavit" Singson , a Philippine politician, and the Governor of the Ilocos Sur province in the Philippines. Singson is known to have started EDSA II in October 2000 when he alleged he gave Philippine President Joseph Estrada 400 million pesos as payoff from illegal gambling profits. Estrada was put under investigation, but on 16 January 2001, a key piece of evidence was blocked in court, leading to protests in Manila and other major cities backing then vice president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo resulting in the ouster of Joseph Estrada.'] ['{{Expand section}} The story focuses on the three brothers Andrew E., Jimmy Santos, and Keempee de Leon. They live in the slums of Manila as "bakal-dyaryo-bote" collectors recycling scrap metal, newspapers and empty beverage bottles. Later on, They discover that Jimmy Santos, the ugliest of the three brothers, is the only heir of a rich yet an ugly tycoon in Manila who was lucky enough to marry a wealthy man played by Eddie Gutierrez. Jimmy also took his adopted brothers & adoptive parents with him when his biological parents took him in & it was a stroke of luck for both Andrew because he became a Rap superstar & Keempee was able to go to college wish he is longing for. The Film also Featured a cameo appearance by Sharon Cuneta near the ending'] ['Abandoned by his American lover, a poor, gay teenager from the mountains is forced to support himself and his family by entering into the underground urban world of male strippers, prostitution, illegal drugs, sexual exploitation and slavery, as well police oppression, corruption and murder. His only real friend is a successful selal bahagia'] ['Lt. Amor "Moe" Santander  is a tough chick who\'s used to going after crooks. But there\'s also one thing she\'s running away from ever since her mother died: falling in love. Lt. Kevin Robles  is daunted by most things, but most especially coming clean with the girl he\'s been loving from afar for a time now. Meanwhile, Caloy  is a pirated DVD vendor whom Moe captures, along with his heart. Things get complicated when Caloy enlists Kevin\'s help to win Moe, just when Moe and Kevin\'s friendship gets deeper. Who does Moe really love? Will she even surrender to her feelings in the first place? Suddenly her life as one of the best performers in the service suffers.'] ['Forced to find a job as his family\'s breadwinner, Noy  poses as a journalist commissioned to come up with a documentary following the campaign trail of his namesake and top presidential bet, Sen. Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino for the 2010 Philippine National elections. The film, infused with actual documentary footage inter-cut with dramatic scenes, deals with themes of poverty, survival and hope for the Filipino family.'] ["Maria and Jose begin their married life by establishing a countryside orchard of lanzones. They soon have four children, namely Miguel, Arturo, Angelita, and Lito. They live happily in the community, until Bruno comes along; he is a widower believed to have killed his own wife. Bruno wants to remarry and courts Choleng, a niece of Jose. Choleng dies by falling from a cliff while trying to evade Bruno. Bruno goes to the mountains to hide from the angry villagers. Bruno returns and rapes Jose's daughter, Angelita. Together with the villagers, Jose pursues Bruno but is shot by the latter. A landowner from another town hires Bruno to destroy the lanzones harvest of Maria’s family. Bruno and his group fail because of the villagers. Miguel kills Bruno. Arturo comes back from Manila and reconciles with his family."] ['A runaway bride returns, a woman falls for her worst nightmare and two opposites come together in this trio of romantic tales. In the first story, Ria  tries to win back the man  she left at the altar. In tale two, solitary Cara  meets Mr. Wrong  -- or is he? And in the final yarn, a tour guide  meets a girl  who pretends to be a famous actress.'] ["The film tells a funny story about three fantastic and fearless female friends. Karen  is the smart and fashionable one among the three. She works for a girls magazine, and later catches her boyfriend, Artie , in bed with another woman, Greta . Love  is the cousin of Karen. She works in the cosmetics section of a department store, and dreams of becoming a beauty queen someday, thus, making her a regular contestant of beauty competitions. Yolly  is the businesswoman of the group. She is into the buy and sell business, wherein she buys clothes from ukay-ukay only to sell them as brand new and original. The story runs when Love joins the Diyosa ng Kagandahan 2003 contest, where they find out that her roommate, Greta, is the new girlfriend of Karen's philandering boyfriend, Artie, and the kinakapatid of Yolly's boyfriend policeman, SPO Pablito , who dumped her. They also see this girl cuddling up with one of the judges of the contest, George Collins . Karen, Love and Yolly tire out all their efforts for Love to win the contest and teach their ex-boyfriends a valuable lesson.{{cite web}}"] ["The story begins with a flashback of Kuala's past. An herbolario  performs an abortion on Kuala , as Cesar  watches her. The abortion was a success, but when Kuala sees the aborted fetus, she becomes disturbed. In the next scene, she walks in the middle of a grassy plain, and as the heat becomes more and more unbearable, she becomes insane. As the movie returns to the present, Kuala wanders about in dirty clothes and with mangy hair. The townsfolk make fun of Kuala. She is pushed into a watering hole and almost drowns. Bertong Ketong , a leper lonely for female companionship, attracts Kuala with a rattle and takes her to his shack in the cemetery. Junior  makes friends with them, defying the prohibitions of his father, Cesar Blanco, a lawyer and a failed politician. Junior asks Berto's advice concerning his problems with an eccentric teacher, Mr. Del Mundo , who has a crush on him. Junior has problems too with his girlfriend Evangeline , who flirts with her escort during a Santacruzan. The jealous Junior leaves the procession and seeks the company of Milagros , who seduces him. The Asociacion de las Damas Cristianas is scandalized to discover Kuala is pregnant. She is forced to live under the custody of the pious Lola Jacoba . When Berto makes a clandestine visit to Kuala, she tells him of his unhappiness. Berto tells this to Junior, who resolves to help the pregnant Kuala make an escape from Lola Jacoba's house and lead her back to Berto's shack. However, Burto knows she will be taken away and returns her to Lola Jacoba, and promises to retrieve her after she has given birth. Some nights later, Kuala experiences labor pains. She finds her way to Berto's shack, at which point Berto rushes out to fetch a doctor. When the doctor refuses to help him, Berto takes him hostage but repeats he will not kill him. As Berto flees with the doctor, the doctor's wife shouts for help, awakening the townspeople who rush to follow the fleeing pair. Before Berto and the doctor reach the shack in the cemetery, however, the doctor escapes and a chase ensues. A group of policemen come to the doctor's rescue and shoot Berto. Junior sees this and is shocked; he holds Berto's dead body and cries in front of the whole town. Junior then enters the shack where Kuala has successfully given birth to a baby boy, but the labor has made her weak. Her thinking becomes lucid, and in her sanity she recognizes Junior and realizes that Berto has been killed. She also recognizes Cesar among the crowd, she asks him why he killed their child, revealing his secret. Kuala then gives her baby to Junior, and dies. As Junior leaves the shack, he stared hard at the townspeople, his parents, his former girlfriend and to everyone who were unkind to him, to Berto and to Kuala. He walks near Berto's body and stops by, as the people look on in silence. Junior leaves the cemetery with Berto and Kuala's baby."] [' A fake occultist  who retires from the business of communicating with the dead when her last job goes terribly wrong. But when a wealthy client  promises Ai Ai a huge fee to contact Gloria’s dead grandson , the comedy queen can’t refuse. Together with her assistants-in-crime , they take on this last job, only to realize that they may not live to see another day. Yasmien Kurdi also stars as Gloria Romero’s nurse-slave.  A family which has just moved into a new condo unit is terrorized by a creature lurking in an aquarium left behind by the previous tenants. “Bubble Gang’s” Ogie Alcasid & Ara Mina play the husband & wife whose cozy condo is turned into a domicile of doom by the creature. Child actor Paul Salas plays their son, who unleashes the evil in the fish tank. Sexy comedienne Wilma Doesnt plays the perky domestic helper, while Reggie Curley is the handsome plumber who becomes one of the aquarium’s first victims.  The residents of a sleepy rural town are alarmed when an attractive woman  turns up one day, attracting all the town’s hot-blooded males. When the men are brutally murdered one by one, the townspeople begin to suspect their new neighbor of being the granddaughter of a famous manananggal from the 1940s. “Lihim ng San Joaquin” stars comebacking stars Mark Anthony Fernandez and Tanya Garcia as a newly-wed couple whose bliss is quickly transformed into bloodcurdling horror.'] ['The story of Desperadas 2 is about four half-sisters - Isabella, Patricia, Stephanie, and Courtney - who have another big problems in their life. They also found out that they have another half-sister, Lugaluda.'] ['The movie is set during the Philippine Republic. Macabebe soldiers are trying to capture Aguinaldo. Alfonisto ([[Miguel Rodriguez  and Chayong  are caught up in this pursuit and in a love triangle. In the end, Aguinaldo is captured and the Macabebe soldiers are killed.'] ["A buxom bad girl named Blossom  is the rough-and-ready girlfriend of a radical guerrilla leader named Django . But when Django's mercenary friends itch for some female companionship, they devise a plan to liberate the inmates of a local women's prison. With the help of another new inmate , Blossom and Django go up against a tyrannical warden  to stage an explosive breakout."] [' Kikay  and Kiko  grew up together in the province and built a strong friendship. But Kikay has to leave her best friend to live and study in Manila. She tries to fit in her new environment in the city but she ends up being abused by the people she thought as her new friends. Kikay returns to the province with a wounded self-esteem. There, she realizes how much Kiko loves her. Feeling unworthy of his love, Kikay drives Kiko away. But will she ever find the courage to come face to face with her own problems and admit her love for him?  After a bout with stroke paralyzed her father, Badong  took the responsibility of earning for her family by taking over his job as a kutsero. She figures in an accident and a fight involving her horse, an expensive sports car and Wesley , the seemingly playboy model. But romance creeps into their cat-dog relationship. He shows her his true love but she contains her feelings and refuses to believe that a rich guy could really fall in love with a woman of her status. Will Badong learn how to trust Wesley and tell him she really wants to be with him.  Eric  and Lia  are two broken persons. Lia recently lost her faith in love when her fiancé got another girl pregnant while Eric is trying to convince himself that he has moved on from the death of his beloved girlfriend, Anna. To prove that he has finally gotten over his loss, Eric recorded his voice in a tape and he intentionally misplaced it as a symbol of letting go. By some twist of fate, Lia was able to get the tape and was instantly moved by the greatness of the voice’s love for the girl. Lia decided to search for the voice to prove that true love is real and it still exists. Unbeknownst to her, the one she is looking for is just living next door – her annoying neighbor, Eric. But just as when they were already getting along, Eric discovers that Lia has his tape. The pain suddenly starts coming back. He tries to convince her that the voice doesn’t exist but ends up falling in love with her. Will Lia ever believe in true love again? Three stories of love, fate and courage come in one film to tell a story of how love touches us in countless ways. The movie ends with all three couples on a terrace and they kiss one by one.'] ['Justin  is a rich, smart, confident mestizo from a private school in Manila while Cecille  is a simple scholar from a rural public school. The two fall for each other against the wishes of his parents . They want him to marry Donna , their business partner’s daughter. His parents order Justin to study in the States to separate him from Cecille. But Justin finds a way to take her with him to San Francisco without anyone knowing. The young lovers live their dream in America. One day, however, Justin’s mother drops by to visit, bringing Donna with her. Justin hides Cecille with a family friend . One day, she catches him and Donna in a tight embrace. She takes the first plane back to Manila, ignoring Justin’s attempts to explain why he was kissing Donna. Back home, Cecille’s childhood friend Andrew  courts her relentlessly. In a few months, Andrew and Cecille are engaged to be married. And then, Justin flies home to try to win Cecille back..'] ["Betsy  and Michael  are only two of the people who ride the Manila Metro Rail Transit System everyday. Betsy is a hopeless romantic while Michael is a non-believer when it comes to love and romance. Betsy is overcome with excitement when her best friend  and her boyfriend set Betsy up on a date with Michael. However, when they finally meet, Michael turns out to be the exact opposite of her ideal man. But Betsy doesn't let herself become disheartened, instead she allows herself to fall in love with the real Michael."] ["Jess Huson  is a Filipino taxi driver who dreamed of obtaining a visa to be able to go to the USA. Jess meets his ex-girlfriend  and her young son Jason  who might actually be his. However, his visa application was denied. Jess's aging but randy diabetic father  spends his days watching TV. One day, the famous TV host Nigel Adams came to the Philippines and Jess becomes his guide. He learns Nigel's brother was the one who operates one of the biggest nursing aid agencies in the US East Coast."] ["Jacko Teves  owns Puccini's, an Italian restaurant in Bacolod City. When a monstrous cock fighting debt sets him at odds with Boss Dolpo , he offers his restaurant up as payment. Boss Dolpo brings in Cassie Labayen  as a consultant to renovate the restaurant. Much to Jacko's dismay, Cassie decides to offer Negrense cuisine instead of Italian. The pair then set off across the province re-discovering the unique aspects of Negrense food."] [" Babae sa Breakwater is a film about a man Basilio , who escapes from provincial Leyte to the slums of Manila with his younger brother Buboy . Residing in the shanty town tenements beneath the tourist-infested breakwater of Manila, Basilio falls in love with a prostitute named Paquita . Paquita started whoring so early in her life that at her relatively young age she's already played out, her body full of sexual diseases and open sores. Their relationship is troubled by the apparent poverty and the more impending threat of the slums' jealous protector, ex-cop Dave . This tragic tale covers a whole plethora of emotions that surround Manila life"] ["Famous plastic surgeon Dr. Hugo  worships the ground his fiancée Alicia  walks on, only because he feels that Alicia's face is his greatest creation. Originally a monstrous carnival freak attraction, Dr. Hugo has transformed her into a beautiful and glamorous woman. However, Alicia learns that beauty is not everything it's cracked up to be, she finds it difficult to discern if people like her for herself or only associate with her because she is rich and beautiful. She yearns for her former self—the ugly Carissa, because then she was sure that people who liked her did so based on who she was and not what she looked like. One such person was her former neighbour and lover, Mendez . But all is not what it seems when it is revealed that Mendez is actually Dr. Hugo's grandson and that he and Alicia has once again rekindled their old relationship. Eventually the lovers, conceive a scheme to bilk the great doctor out of his fortune. The plan called for Alicia to wed Dr. Hugo and convince him to transfer his properties under her name. After which, Mendez would then murder his grandfather and then the lovers will live happily ever after. That is, if the good doctor does not have a plan of his own and might even prove to be a more diabolical plan than their own.  * Nannette Medved as Alicia / Carissa * Cesar Montano as Mendez * Christopher de Leon as Dr. Hugo * Maritoni Fernandez * Caridad Sanchez * Cherry Pie Picache * Dante Rivero * Rosemarie Gil * Daria Ramirez"] ["James Iglehart plays African-American prize fighter Cal Jefferson who is on a honeymoon holiday n Hong Kong with his new wife played by Shirley Washington. Cal comes across a drowning Chinese man whom he jumps in the sea to save. This now revived and very grateful mute man turns out to be someone they cannot get rid of. They finally get rid of him or so it seems. They purchase an item in Hong Kong which becomes the center of a gang's attention. The gang led by Kenneth Metcalfe will stop at nothing to retrieve the item. They leave Hong Kong for Manila, the Philippines and find themselves being attacked with the mute Chinese man coming to their assistance.Bamboo Gods & Iron Men at The Deuce, Grindhouse Cinema Database"] ["A school organization heads off to a Holy Week retreat, led by their professor. But before long, they realize they've lost their way and have no choice but to stay the night in a desolate house. What if it turns out to be the crib of vile creatures who may look like innocent children, but turn into little monsters and are out to scare the living daylights out of them?"] ["The story revolves around Rosario , a sophisticated Filipina flapper in the 1920s who has just arrived from New York, and is spending her vacation in their hacienda. The film begins with Manny Pangilinan's uncle, Jesus  writing a letter to the TV5 chairman. Upon reaching to the network station, Jesus tells his nephew a story about Rosario , Jesus' mother. The daughter of Don Enrique  and Doña Adela , Rosario was a passionate woman who lives according to her heart’s desires. She was a woman ahead of her time.Jennylyn Mercado plays a woman ahead of her time in period film Rosario There, she meets and falls in love with Vicente , an older man who manages the tobacco plantation owned by Rosario's family. When Rosario's father finds out about his daughter's scandalous affair, he sends Rosario to a convent. She escapes, and elopes with Vicente to Manila where they raise a family. But Rosario's life of married bliss slowly crumbles when Vicente becomes ill with tuberculosis, and she is lured to committing adultery. Temptation and scandal still hound Rosario as she continues to defy the moral restrictions of her time."] ['When a freak accident occurs, a recently widowed man named Marco Bong Revilla encounters the most unassuming person he will ever meet than even fall in love with named Love Ai-Ai de las Alas but trials and tribulations begin when their children are involved as the pressures begin with their romance whirling but a unkind past comes back to haunt Love.'] ['Raquela, a Filipino transsexual prostitute dreams of making a new life in Paris. She becomes an internet porn star and meets Valerie, an Icelandic transsexual, and Michael, the owner of the website she works for.{{cite web}}'] ['The list of UPCAT passers is up and it says ‘Alex Reyes’ passed. This good news makes a boy and a girl jump. The host of the anime costume play announces that ‘Alex Reyes’ wins the grand prize for the night. From the stairs, a girl and a boy rush to claim the prize. There are two ‘Alex Reyes’; this spells disaster. Alex Boy  returns to the Philippines from Singapore with his mom, Tessa . His father’s job in a multinational company brought them to live in many parts of the world and he really never had something he can call home. He can’t seem to focus on anything; he easily starts a hobby but never really finishes it. With the news of his parents breaking-up, Alex Boy has to do everything to achieve what he has always wanted; to live in one place as a family together. Alex Girl  has set goals for herself and her family. She has to pass UP and get a job later to help her crumbling family. The inn-restaurant her family owns isn’t doing well and it doesn’t help that her parents, Jonathan  and Vangie , are always fighting. She has no time for anything but to find ways to earn. Perhaps, money would bring the peace in her family that she has always wanted. Alex Boy finds in Alex Girl the perfect partner for a tandem cycling competition he wants to join. In desperate need of funding for her studies, the prize of fifty thousand pesos convinces Alex Girl to team up with her annoying namesake. But everything Alex Girl has is talent; she lacks the proper techniques needed to win. As Alex Boy teaches her the techniques she needs, he learns from this driven girl the virtue of responsibility. In turn, Alex Boy makes Alex Girl see what she misses in her life; having fun. Two young hearts find company and comfort in each other. As they decide to nurture their young love, fate challenges them to leap over the greatest challenge their love story would ever face; the story of their own families’ past.'] ['Wedding coordinator Toni , is a girl who believes in true love. At 25, she is considered to be an "old maid" by her married sisters, aunts, and friends. Always the bride\'s maid, never the bride, Toni has yet to find Mr. Right. On the other hand is Lorenz , is a wedding photographer who doesn\'t believe in happy endings. He always catches Toni unaware with her distinctly expressive yet embarrassing moments. To make matters worse, these photos were published, making Toni the renowned "perennial bridesmaid." Lorenzo\'s problems become worse when his boss offers a boost in his career, so long as he makes a pictoral article on Toni. Toni, who protests against this idea at first finally agrees in exchange for Lorenzo finding her someone worth marrying. Lorenzo and Toni gradually being to fall in love in the process.'] ['Imprisoned in Fort Santiago under the abusive Spanish colonization, José Rizal  was approached by a young uneducated indio asking the importance of education during his life. Meanwhile, in Balintawak, Andrés Bonifacio  and his fellow secret organization of Katipunan, commenced the uprising against the cruel tyranny created by the Spaniards by tearing their cedula as a sign of Spanish slavery. Soon, a first lieutenant of the Artillery, Luis Taviel de Andrade , visited Rizal. Taviel de Andrade did not waste time to study carefully Rizal’s case. In just a short period of time, Rizal and Taviel captured each other’s sympathy and eventually became friends as they had usual meetings in Rizal’s cell in Fort Santiago. Taviel was even able to celebrate Christmas with Rizal in the cell where they drank and sang together. After Christmas, Rizal was sent to Royal Audiencia  to hear the trial against him. Soon after, the magistrates decided to condemn him under firing squad on the 30th of the morning in Luneta. At the night before the execution, Rizal hallucinates, seeing his alter ego-protagonist Simoun of his novel El Filibusterismo tempting the author to change the climax of the story. On the morning of the execution, his kin received a small alcohol stove  from his cell containing the last poem "Mi Ultimo Adios." Stopping at the place of execution facing the rising sun, Rizal asked the authorities for a last request as he faces the firing squad but the request is denied. Calm and without haste, he changed his request to save his head during execution and the captain agrees. At the moment the shooting squad points at his back, he readily uttered his final words: Consummatum est.  After the execution, members of the Katipunan had ambushed a Spanish military company somewhere in Manila, completely catching the Spanish forces off guard and seized their mounts, munitions and their rifles. They had also captured a church and executed a friar in an act of vengeance for the execution of Rizal. Bonifacio and his top generals met in their headquarters to plan a new offensive seeking to capture 10 towns in a duration of 1 week from the Spanish. Rizal\'s picture can be seen at the background of his headquarters.'] ["Four women named Res , Gay , Dolly  and Brite  who swore to be friends forever, become domestic helpers when they go over to another country. However, Res is beaten to death by her employers , making the other three worry because her husband gave her one condition if she comes with her friends: that she comes home safe, sound and alive. Brite, Gay and Dolly decide to bring their dead friend Res home.  *Rufa Mae Quinto Maria Liwanag 'Brite' Diliman *Eugene Domingo Maria Dalisay 'Dolly' Dalton *Candy Pangilinan Maria Resurrection 'Res' Macabuhay † *Pokwang Maria Ligaya 'Gay' Kalungkutan *John Lapus Sugar *DJ Durano Totoy Bato Bato Pick *Dick Israel Kapt. Kadyo Macapagal *Marissa Delgado KGD Maxima *Christian Vasquez Braulio *Ashley Gruenberg Joy  *Chester Nolledo Johnny Boy *Andrew Schimmer Greggy Boy *Vince Saldaña as Junior *Kiray Celis as Lily *Emil Sandoval as Lito *Rycharde Everley as Res Employer / Marcus Antonius / Hitler / Peron / Spanish soldier / Man of the future *Kian Kazemi as Ambet *Vice Ganda as Res' Employer *Madam Auring as Patient *Kaye Villaseuor as Mistress of Christian Vasquez *Nicole Dulalia as Young Maria Resurrection 'Res' Macabuhay *Queenie Limson as Young Maria Liwanag 'Brite' Diliman *Ryzza Dauz as Young Maria Ligaya 'Gay' Katakutan *Jennel Marie Mariano as Young Maria Dalisay 'Dolly' Dalton *Tony Hunt as German Employer *Chista Reyes as Candy's daughter *Nicole Blasco as Jenny *Michael Young as Rufa's employer *Marina as Rufa's employer *Alvin Gabito as Principal *Tim Haten as Indian Employer *Mariam Narissam as Indian Employer *Lailan Gabrhin as Indian Employer *Roderick Lindayag as Immigration Officer  *Kathy de la Cruz as Passenger *Arianna Everley as German Child *Angelo as Angelo"] ['After a hard and busy day, thirteen commuters took the last trip of the Manila LRT Purple Line at nearly midnight. While on board the train in midnight, Jean  met her long lost ex-boyfriend Cesar , who according to him, they last saw each other since they were college. Jean introduced her son, Jimmy . As they were chanting, the passengers were further annoyed by a female deacon Lita  who preaches verses from the bible. As they traverse into an abandoned station, they saw that the gate were closed. Minutes crawled by. Annoyed, the passengers decided to find a telephone. As they find a telephone, someone pulls Martin up the balcony. When they found him, his heart is pulled out: Someone or something was lurking in the station, apparently a monster who eats human hearts. Another passenger, Lita, was swiped away by that someone. Alarmed the passengers make their way back to the train. In a worse turn of fate, that something appeared out of nowhere: it was a hideous and foul eyeless monster. It further killed many more. This monster, vigilant and strong-sensed, forgave no one as it hunt down the passengers, save for Steph, Don, Nina, Jimmy, Jean and Cesar, one by one. Nina was separated from the family members. She and her boyfriend Rocky  wandered in an old train and saw dead bodies . The monster appears behind Rocky and killed him. Nina escaped. Steph  and Don  escaped the train after their friends Jenny  and Rico  were killed by the monster. Steph and Don met with Jimmy, Jean and Caesar who were losing contact in the phone. The two friends went out to find an exit but they were also killed by the monster. After several desperate tries of finding an emergency exit, the remaining survivors Jean, Cesar and Jimmy, found an emergency exit. Shortly after climbing down from the station tower, Cesar pledges his still-living love for Jean. He urged Jimmy and Jean to run while he wards the monster off. After a long fight, Cesar, too, was killed. Authorities arrived immediately. The terrible truth was unveiled: The monster is the mutant son of their boss , and that the passengers on the last train every night are being set up to be the food of the monster, with any survivors being killed off by the police. Then, the film ends with the monster growling while Nina, Jean and Jimmy scream.'] ['Johnny De Jesus is a typical Canadian teen-ager; despondent, rebellious, and has no regard for his family. When the De Jesus-Reyes family gets word that their family matriarch, Lola  Nena has died, Johnny, and his prissy older sister Anna are in charge of representing their parents in Manila for the reading of their Lola’s last will and testament. Johnny, a first time balikbayan, sees Manila with foreign eyes; from the poorest squatters to the richest of the gated village mansions. Johnny is introduced to his cousin Vanessa, a Manila junior socialite who shares Johnny’s taste for drugs and trouble. At the reading of the will the three grandchildren of Lola Nena are awarded the deed to the family farm in rural Bulacan. A bumpy two-hour ride out of the city, shuttled by their family driver, Dante, they arrive at the 19-hectare property, miles away from the comforts of the modern world. The land is as vast, lush, and teeming with insects’ hum. But things are anything but placid in this provincial landscape. Johnny’s first surprise comes in the form of Tommy, a mentally handicapped man with a seemingly developed third eye, lives on the farm, is also part of the inheritance. Vanessa has a surprise of her own when she takes Anna and Johnny to the secluded field beyond the orchid garden and reveals the marijuana she has planted to be harvested by her obnoxious, rich, prep-school drop out friends, Nicco, Paolo, and drug dealer boyfriend, Ronnie. Things take a turn when Johnny comes to the reluctant realization that supernatural forces are at work on the land and the folklore that haunted his childhood are real. First are the sightings of his Lola’s ghost, which Johnny tries to dismiss as drug-induced hallucinations. Is Johnny falling for local superstition in his stoned stupor? Is someone trying to poison them or are there truly Duwendes on the property cursing them. What is the real reason why the local farmers stay away from the property? What is the dark secret that Lola Nena took to the grave and left for Johnny to discover? Set in Canada and the Philippines, Ang Pamana:The Inheritance is the story of the fears we carry and the ones that refuse to be left behind. Ang Pamana: The Inheritance is a supernatural thriller drawing from age-old Filipino folklore primed to frighten a whole new generation." http://www.thedigitalsweatshop.com/production.html'] ['The center of the drama is the young unmarried but pregnant Carmen Castro  who during the first few minutes of the film informs her cousin Stella . Stella scoffs and recommends abortion. The father of the child, Jerry, also recommends abortion. Her over religious landlady Juling , who is busy juggling her religious aims and her legal quarrel with the poor families illegally living in her land, however strongly suggests that she keeps the baby as killing it would be a sin against God. Carmen sees signs that would seemingly suggest an answer to her difficult decision. Her poor neighbors struggle for money to feed their children. She sees a physically malformed child vending goods outside the church. She loses her job at a financing company due to the struggling economy during that time. Carmen eventually decides to have an abortion in a deeply moving scene with close up shots of the cold steel utensils used by the doctor to undertake it. The cold steel of the abortion tools and the close up shots in turn attempt to emphasise the coldness of killing an unborn child.'] ["New York-based celebrity chef Carl Diesta  is coming home to the Philippines after being away for seventeen long years to marry his fiancee, supermodel Chrissy Duran, in her hometown of Albay province in the Bicol region. With Chrissy still being held up somewhere in Europe for a photo shoot, Carl has to meet her family by himself and instantly impresses everyone except for Chrissy's father, Papay Rogelio. Here Carl gets to meet Chrissy's other sister - Lena . Through Lena, Carl has now come to terms with his forcibly forgotten identity - both as a son and as a Filipino. Lena has also awaken a love in Carl that he has never felt before."] ['The Resurreccion\'s ancestral mansion is believed to have a portal to the other world. Every quarter of a century, it must be opened by a chosen member of the clan, known as "The One", to enable stranded ghosts to cross over to the afterlife. With no surviving clan member opening the portal in the past 100 years, ghosts have overcrowded the now-abandoned mansion. Hesus Resurreccion  is about to find out that he is The One but he is afraid of ghosts. When he inherits the mansion, he wants to sell it immediately but it isn\'t that easy since people believe the mansion is haunted. He totally freaks out when he learns that the people he sees in the mansion are all ghosts. Hesus has no choice but to fulfill his mission as The One. As he spends more time with the ghosts, he realizes that they are not scary at all and even enjoys their company. In the end Hesus got the key and opened the portal'] ['Benedicto "Ben" Caballero is an environmentalist who disapproves of deforestation for villages in mountainous regions in the country.He is more concerned of the environment than that of getting along with his siblings.It is revealed that he was a former lawyer and that he quit because of a matter between right or wrong,and not about winning or losing.He focuses on nature-for him,it\'s all about saving the planet. He visits Boracay and meets a Michelle "Mitch" Valmonte after an accident.Mitch is a carefree party girl who works for her father\'s company.She and Ben get to know each other and develop special interests for each other. But making a relationship without any commitment is one problem they both have to deal with.It goes well at first,but the relationship ends because of its impossibilities. Ben then discovers that Mitch\'s father owns the company that ordered the deforestation and construction of a new village in which he is against.This leads them separate ways and try to forget about their so called relationship. But is this the end? Will Mitch and Ben face the trials of a relationship that will never happen?'] ['The story is set in Guagua, Pampanga a decade after the eruption of Mt. Pinatubo which ravaged the province with lahar. It follows the lives of Rodolfo "Mang Rudy" Manansala, a woodcarver, and his three daughters and their relationships with the people close to them in the span of seven summers. Grace, the youngest daughter, marries the mama\'s boy Conrad, and has to face the reality of leaving the ancestral house, to which she is deeply rooted, to go and live with her in-laws. Much against her will, to the point of staging an escape, she yields to the dictates of tradition. Yet she manages to cope up with married life, and on the fourth year of her marriage gets pregnant with her second child. Lourdes, the middle daughter and married to the weakling Andy Pineda with whom she has a daughter, goes into an illicit affair with a bank manager, for which reason Mang Rudy succumbs to a heart attack and becomes bedridden. For a while numbed by the infidelity of his wife, Andy later realizes his insignificance and retaliates by beating up and nearly killing Lourdes. Lourdes atones for her guilt by ministering to Andy\'s wounds after he joins the rituals of the flagellants during the Holy Week. However, they both decide to separate. Jess, the eldest daughter, is a lesbian whose bitter luck in life is being unwanted by her own father. Yet she serves Mang Rudy to the hilt after he gets bedridden and makes the common sense of allowing her girlfriend Rowena to move in at the Manansala house, not so much for their own convenience as lovers but for Rowena to help in looking after Mang Rudy and in helping out with the household chores. But when a conflict arises between Lourdes and Rowena, Mang Rudy sends Rowena away. A year later, Mang Rudy succumbs to a second attack and when he dies several months later, Rowena sets foot on the ancestral house once more to pay her last respects. At the wake, Rowena comes to the realization that, like Andy, she never belonged and finally decides to leave Jess. Rowena gets married while Jess, along with her sisters, moves on with life. The story is told in three segments, with each segment told from the point of view of the three daughters. Attached to each segment are social occasion popularly observed in the province of Pampanga in the Philippines, with a symbolic motif for each, represented by the elements sun, fire, water, air, blood, moon and earth. With Rowena\'s wedding at the end of the film, as in Grace\'s wedding at the start, a full cycle of life transpired.'] ['While enjoying a picnic, Sarah Collins  and her boyfriend  are surprised by a gang of juvenile hunters. They rape her and kill him, but just before they are about to kill her she escapes and runs to her parents´ house. The gang members shoot Sarah in front of her father, a wealthy Vietnam Vet ([[Richard Harrison  named Mark. The boys wound him seriously and leave. A few months later, after his health has returned, Mark manages to find the murderers and kills each of them. He also keeps on walking the streets at night, looking for criminals in action to execute until his wife Yvette  convinces him to stop. However, he has been observed by the henchmen of Bill , an enigmatic businessman desiring to crush the local drug syndicate. Bill gives orders to kidnap Yvette and forces Mark to continue his vigilante work.'] ['{{Plot}} A grandfather is walking along the beach when his grandchildren catch up to him and inquire about the lighthouse that looks over the waters. He replies by telling them that the lighthouse is older than he himself and tells him a story about it. The story is about a young girl named Andrea and her older brother Jason whose parents work in a sugar cane field of a family called the De Veras. One day, Andrea finds a dirty boy hiding out in their truck. She screams for help and her father comes along, pities the boy and takes him in as his own son. As the years go by and the children get older, Andrea and the boy, Daniel  grow very fond of each other while Jason becomes jealous of Daniel because of how much attention he has gotten from his family. One day Jason and Daniel got into a fight when their parents weren\'t home and Jason beat him up and told him that he\'d be sleeping outside that night. Andrea goes out to comfort Daniel and the two imply that they love each other, despite their young age. The two play together and pretend to get married: Andrea is the bride, Daniel the groom and the De Vera\'s daughter, Monique, is the bridesmaid. Monique complains that she is always the bridesmaid and now she wants to have her turn at marrying Daniel. One day, Andrea\'s parents have news that they\'re moving into the hacienda behind the De Vera mansion and Jason, disappointed that he won\'t actually be living in the big house, runs away swearing to one day get rid of Daniel for good. Now Andrea and Daniel are in their early twenties and one fateful day, Andrea\'s parents get into a car accident and die. Jason secretly comes back for his parents funeral and afterwards, he shows up at the hacienda and tells Daniel and Andrea that he is the head of the household and kicks Daniel out. The De Vera\'s children, Antonio (aka Anton, and Monique, come back from studying abroad and their mother throws them a welcome home party. After hearing that Monique has returned, Andrea and Daniel go to check it out even though they weren\'t invited. Andrea had a scheme to get a glimpse of the party but she was unable to see anything when she got bitten by one of the guard dogs. Daniel carries her into the party to seek help and then Anton takes over and gets the doctor to inspect her. She stays at the De Vera mansion for a few days, just until her foot recovers. It then seems that Anton has fallen hard for Andrea and Monique for Daniel but they are not interested. Daniel and Andrea love each other very much and made a promise to always be together. To physically seal the deal, they go to the lighthouse near the beach, Daniel gives Andrea a locket with their pictures in it and the two make love. When Andrea comes home from the lighthouse, she meets her brother and he tells her that he has made a business deal with Anton: the deal will only work if Andrea agrees to marry Anton. At this Andrea refuses because she clearly loves Daniel but Jason doesn\'t care about her or her happiness. He threatens to kill her if she doesn\'t obey him and starts beating her. She cries herself to sleep and hears Daniel calling to her from her window. She ignores him in fear that Jason might catch her if she tried to meet up with him. The next day Daniel tries to meet up with Andrea again but she unwillingly ignores him and heads into Anton\'s house. Shocked, he tries again to talk to her but she tries to avoid him. He finally gets her attention and interrogates her about her being at Anton\'s house instead of meeting with him. She doesn\'t answer until she is questioned about the wound under her lip, the one given to her by Jason the previous night. She says that it was nothing, that she tripped and hurt herself. She tells Daniel not to worry about anything; everything\'s gonna be alright. In the next scene the couple intimately make out at Daniel\'s house but they are interrupted when Jason furiously barges in at the sight of the two kissing. He shouts at Andrea and pulls at her hair and then goes after Daniel who he beats to the ground, his final blow was to the head with a wooden crate full of bottles. He leaves the scene and Andrea attended to the now unconscious Daniel, asking him to forgive her. Daniel has regained consciousness again and a few days later he went down by the lake to wash off his wounds. Monique sees him there and she tries to flirt with him. She asks him if he was going to Andrea\'s birthday party but he replies by saying that he wasn\'t invited. Monique tells him that she was invited and now she\'s inviting him so the two went to Andrea\'s party together. Once there, Andrea had just blown out her candles when she noticed that Daniel has attended. She thinks nothing of it and the party continues. Anton then holds a box out in front of her and opens it, revealing a necklace with a diamond pendant. Daniel sees that Andrea is still wearing the locket that he gave her and he is surprised when she had to take it off just to try on Anton\'s necklace. Then Anton gets down on one knee and asks Andrea if she loves him. Despite her heart telling her the contrary, she sadly looks up at Daniel and says yes. Daniel is shocked to hear this after everything that he and Andrea have been through together. Anton then asks her to marry him and before she could answer, Daniel had already fled from the party. Andrea says she would think about it and runs off to find Daniel and explain things to him. She searches everywhere but once she gets to his house, she finds no one and has concluded that he took all his savings and ran away. Andrea gets married to Anton according to her brother\'s wishes and Daniel becomes a very successful man. Three years have passed since Andrea\'s party and one day Daniel decides to return to his hometown. Anton, Andrea and Monique patiently wait for a friend of Anton\'s, someone who he has made business with. The man arrives on a yacht and he turns out to be Daniel. Everybody is surprised at this, especially Andrea. Daniel tries to win over Monique\'s heart again in attempts to make Andrea jealous. Andrea at this point is not jealous at all, in fact she is still so shocked by Daniel\'s presence that she faints. Andrea is revived and that night, Daniel comes by Andrea and Anton\'s house to speak to Andrea. The maid helps the two meet in the backyard and it is revealed that their feelings for each other have not changed one bit. Daniel tells her to meet him later at the lighthouse and Andrea goes back into the house to prepare for the "meeting" and looks for the locket that Daniel gave her three years back. Anton goes up to their room and the couple sleeps together. Then when Andrea was sure that Anton had fallen asleep, she goes to the lighthouse to meet with Daniel and the two made love. When Andrea comes home from the lighthouse, she is shocked to see that Anton has awakened and that he knows where she has been and with whom. He shows her that he also knows about the locket which she forgot to wear when she went to meet up with Daniel and he throws it to the ground. He then approaches Andrea and pulls at her hair asking her questions. At this time Monique walks into this scene of the fight and asks what is going on. Anton says that Andrea is making a fool out of him, and pretending to love him when she really loves someone else. Then Andrea tells Anton to let her go because Daniel is waiting for her at the lighthouse but Anton tells her to let him wait forever and her takes her to their bedroom. Monique follows to ask further questions when she notices Andrea\'s locket on the floor. She picks it up and looks at the pictures; it has now become clear to her as to what this was all about. Then she goes to the lighthouse to meet Daniel instead of Andrea and she deceives him, telling him that Andrea sent her to tell him that she doesn\'t love him any more and that she has changed her mind and loves Anton. She gives Daniel back the locket. The next night Andrea, Anton, Monique and Daniel have dinner together on the beach. There, Daniel declares that the yacht that he arrived in a few days ago now belongs to Monique. Also, just like Anton did when he proposed to Andrea, Daniel proposed to Monique with a necklace. Shocked and surprised, Monique accepts and Andrea is crushed. Daniel and Anton go off to talk for a while and they make a deal: Anton will let Daniel marry his sister only if once they marry, they will move somewhere far away to settle. Daniel agrees. Meanwhile, Monique tells Andrea how excited she is about the event that has just occurred, but Andrea is not at all happy for her friend. She tells her not to marry Daniel because she will be truly heartbroken, that he only wants to marry her to make Andrea jealous. Monique does not believe her and leaves. When Andrea and Anton go to bed, Andrea begs Anton not to let his sister and Daniel marry because it will shatter her heart into a million pieces. In the middle of the night, Andrea wakes up, and she can be seen in the bathroom clutching her stomach and seems to be in massive pain. The next morning she is still asleep, and Anton is watching her. She starts muttering words in her sleep, as if she was talking to Daniel, saying such things as "Daniel, don\'t go, don\'t leave me." Anton checks on her, feels her forehead and calls the doctor. After the examination, the doctor concludes that Andrea has a fever and that she has to take a special medicine to get rid of the infection that is causing it. The doctor explains that he cannot give Andrea antibiotics because it could harm the baby. Anton doesn\'t know she had a baby and the doctor states that Andrea is, in fact, pregnant, but she has an ectopic pregnancy. If Andrea is not treated soon she could have a haemorrhage or severe internal bleeding. Seeing as how Anton could not have been able to impregnate Andrea because he is infertile, the only explanation for her pregnancy is Daniel. As soon as the doctor leaves, Anton locks Andrea and himself in the bedroom and he starts to beat her. He calls her a shameless whore and he keeps hitting her as she tries to get up and walk. The maid and Monique overhear Anton and Andrea from the outside of the door and when they hear that Daniel got Andrea pregnant, Monique cries, heartbroken after hearing the news. She then runs to Daniel\'s house and tells him what she has just found out. Anton keeps on hitting Andrea despite the screaming and pleading for him to stop. Then she falls to the ground, and Anton is about to hit her again when he sees that the white dress she is wearing has blood on it. He stops and realizes his mistake just as Daniel kicks down the door and runs to Andrea\'s side. He carries her out of the house, not a word said to anyone. Daniel takes Andrea to the beach where they talk. The two profess their undying love for each other and promise that they will live in each other\'s memories. After the promise was made, Andrea dies. The movie is brought back to the grandfather from the beginning of the movie. His grandchildren ask if Andrea is still alive and he answers "Yes. She is still alive right here, in my heart." A montage shows Andrea and Daniel playing together on the beach. At the end it then shows a clip of him on the sand, his hand held out, holding the same locket with Daniel and Andrea\'s picture in it. This implies that the he is, in fact Daniel and that his last memory was of Andrea and himself, being together at last.'] [' Aguiluz and Alwina\'s plan for a peaceful life as mortals unravels when their boat to Tierra Fuego  is caught in a violent storm. They wash up on separate shores, a young man and woman living without memories and living separate lives. Aguiluz is adopted by a humble farmer and Alwina becomes the surrogate daughter of a wealthy family and is engaged to be married to Gabriel. But a new period in the Mulawin saga unfolds as "Keeper of the Jewel of Fire", Sang\'gre Pirena uses the gintong binhi to bring Ravenum back to life. Ravenum summons the dragon Buwarka and raises an army of Ravenas to wreak havoc on Avila, which barely survives the initial attack. With the power of Mulawin’s Tree of Life dwindling down and the Mulawin race in peril, the Diwatas and the Tres Aves  rush to aid the Mulawin. But ultimately, the fate of Avila and the Mulawin race now hinges on the valor of two of its two greatest champions, Aguiluz and Alwina. The Tres Aves faces the dragon "Buwarka",The Mulawins and the Encantadia\'s Lireo soldiers led by Ybbarro/Ybrahim faces the Ravenas and Aguiluz and Alwina faces Ravenum. The fight continues as Aguiluz and Alwina goes inside Ravenum\'s hideout. There they find Dakila and continues their journey. They continue a violent fight with the Ravenas and as they reach Ravenum, Aguiluz\'s mother  shows up with her husband, Ravenum. Ravenum then forces Aguiluz to transform into a Ravena and complete the family or else he will kill Alwina. Aguiluz agreed, to save the life of Alwina and their child. The Ravenas took away Alwina and Dakila, planning on beheading them. Aguiluz\'s body was too holy for the darkness because he was blessed and once again turns into a Mulawin. Dakila dies in the hands of the Ravenas and Alwina graviously cries. She returns to Aguiluz but their ugatpak\'s powers only works for nights. Aguiluz is stabbed by a sword behind. They make a way out of the hideout and at the end, killing Ravenum and comes also the death of Aguiluz. They return to Avila after a victory and a deadly battle. Aguiluz is seen lying in a royal bed in the kingdom of Lireo in Encantadia with Queen Amihan of Lireo putting the gintong binhi to his mouth that can get his life back. Alwina is then seen putting Dakila\'s ugatpak in the Mulawin\'s Tree of Life. The last part is Alwina and her son together flying with Aguiluz behind them.'] ["What would you do if you met the woman of your dreams and wanted to make her your wife after you've married someone else? Ian Montes  was the embodiement of success and despite being the son of a shipping tycoon, Ian refused to just ride on the success of his father's empire. Instead, he built his own real estate company, where he earned his first million at a very young age and has never looked back since. Driven by the ambition to become as good, if not better than his father, Ian managed claw his way to the top and make it on his own. But behind the glorious facade was a broken man yearning for love and recognition, still scarred from when his mother abandoned them at the impressionable age of 17, compounded by his desire for his father's approval, Ian longed for someone who can and will love him unconditionally. Lightning struck twice when he met the two women who would change his life forever - Joanna Villanueva  and Karyn Torres . Joanna was the picture of quiet confidence and eminence. Although heartbroken herself from a failed marriage to an errant ex-husband, Joanna found love again when she rescued Ian from a water-skiing accident in La Union. Being a doctor by trade, she nurtured Ian and showered him with the love and attention he craved. With Joanna, Ian found the home he sorely missed in his youth and a life of bliss he never thought possible. But then came Karyn Torres, a vivacious flight attendant he met on a business trip to Macau. At twenty-four, she was the epitome of youthful sensuality and worldliness- with her, every moment Ian spent was filled with excitement and spontaneity, along with the realization that this was the life he's always wanted. So now, Ian is left with a choice... although through as painful as it maybe, Ian, Joanna and Karyn must learn the true meaning of unconditional love and forgiveness.Plot Summary for A Love Story"] ['Fugitives Juancho  and Ted  have tried to mend their ways after they bolted jail to escape execution from the hands of Hepe  and Sgt. Langku . They have transformed themselves into productive citizens by working as a bus driver and a bus conductor, in fact, Ted as an incentive was allowed to continue with his education while Juancho works double time with his education and to aid him with his other needs in school. They have also developed a special bond with the bus raiders whom, they later figured, had problems of their own. So one day, they all go out of town to ease their worries. But the parents of their children started to panic and call the attention of the school administrators. And just when they are leads expected, Hepe and Langku show up and reveal the true identities of Juan and Ted.'] ['Dianne  works as a part-time tutor for the Gonzales\', the owners of a local funeral parlor, which is said to be the lair of rumored "aswangs". On her first day, she met the patriarch Carlo , the children - Ryan  and Sarah  -, the family\'s butlers Aludia  and Simeon , and the secretary Anna . After a series of successful tutorial sessions, it gradually became clear to Dianne the nature of the family: being photophobic, having a desire for human entrails, and, worst of all, the unusual activity in and out of the parlor. Dennis , Dianne\'s brother, dismissed his sister\'s stories; meanwhile, Ryan was accused of divulging the truth to Dianne, creating a tension between Carlo and the tutor. However, Dianne could not brought herself to quit, not only because of being friendly attached to Ryan, but also this was her only work for a living. As a plot, the family lured Dennis, who was waiting for her sister outside. Unknown to him, he was used as a bait to force Diane continue her work, but at the same time, sacrificing her life as prey to the "aswangs". Carlo then revealed that they were once part of an ancient tribe, whose homes were ravaged by fire. Desperate, he Carlo, being widowed, and his family set up the funeral parlor to cover up their true nature and to earn for a living. This explained their photophobic features and the fact of dismissing Dianne every evening before sundown. Dianne confronted the group, demanding they surrender Dennis. Throwing formaldehyde and setting the parlor aflame as a diversion, Dianne and her brother narrowly escaped Sarah\'s and Carlo\'s assaults, while Ryan begged to go with her. Left with no choice, Dianne brought Ryan home, as the funeral parlor burned to the ground. As Dianne finds the first-aid kit to treat Dennis, she overhears his screams. She rushes to the den and finds Ryan who was revealed to be an aswang himself, eating Dennis\' entrails. Although unnoticed, he has desire on eating living people with his family during his birthday rather than eating corpses like his foster family. Dianne realizes that she was deceived for being friends with Ryan as he growls and pounces on her.'] ['The film covers the life of Filipino patriot and hero Macario Sakay, who was declared an outlaw and a criminal for continuing hostilities against the United States after the "official" end of the Philippine Insurrection. Sakay is a barber from Tondo, Manila who joins Andres Bonifacio\'s revolutionary secret society Katipunan. He fights during the Philippine Revolution against Spain and later in the Philippine-American War. Sakay remains in the field even after the capture of President Emilio Aguinaldo and the fall of the First Philippine Republic. He is captured, but is released during an amnesty. Sakay then takes to the mountains to revive the Katipunan, together with Francisco Carreon, Julian Montalan, Cornelio Felizardo and other rebel leaders. He proclaims himself as General and President of the "Tagalog Republic" , and engages the United States Army and the Philippine Constabulary in guerrilla warfare. On occasion he is aided by talisman-wearing cultist warriors. After years of fighting, Sakay is convinced to surrender by Filipino labor leader Dr. Dominador Gomez, who argues that the establishment of a Philippine National Assembly, instead of armed resistance, is the soundest option towards attaining Filipino independence. On the understanding that the government had offered amnesty, Sakay and his officers come down from the mountains. However, Invited to a reception in town, they are arrested by the government. They are tried and convicted for brigandage. Sakay and Colonel Lucio de Vega are hanged, while Montalan and others receive life imprisonment.'] ["The Dawn achieves fame and success in the 1980s, but after the murder of founding member and guitarist Teddy Diaz and years of decline, the band is finding it hard to continue playing. Middle-aged vocalist Jett Pangan's house is burglarized and he is knocked unconscious, waking up later suffering from amnesia. All he can remember is that he is in his 20's, and that it is the peak of his band's success. Jett can't quite come to terms with his situation and he insists on living as his 1980's self."] ['Migs Mijares  was so in love with Joy  that in less than a year, he asked for her hand in marriage. Even when Bela , the childhood sweetheart of Migs, returned from Canada and made an attempt to win him back, Migs\'s decision to marry his present girlfriend was resolute. But early on, a tragedy struck the blissful marriage of Migs and Joy. Migs had an accident, which caused his isolated retrograde amnesia. His last memory was that of his first and ex-girlfriend, and he forgot everything about his wife. Joy did her best to bring things back to normal, but her husband could not feel any emotional connection with her. Migs could not take his mind off his first love. Meanwhile, Bela tried so hard to distance herself from her Migs, but the latter was persistent. For her part, Joy became too interfering, always checking the whereabouts of her husband and monitoring his calls. This provoked Migs to make a choice: Be with his first love. Joy made a last-ditch effort to save the marriage by talking to Bela but the meeting was futile. At first, Migs and Bela were happy. But after a while, Migs started missing his wife. He became confused again, and slowly, he realized the girl who is his one true love.Fall in love with "One True Love" pep.ph'] ["Donsol is a movie about a whaleshark guide named Daniel who falls in love with the beautiful but mysterious tourist Teresa. The two individuals are nursing their own heartaches but find themselves hopelessly drawn to each other; Daniel was left behind by his girlfriend for a rich man, Teresa a widowed breast cancer patient. The film was shot entirely in Donsol, Sorsogon and there are underwater shots of the star of the movie the butanding . It tackled major issues like illegal fishing that poses threats to the butanding. Fidel  is an illegal fisherman and was caught by the police coast guard. This created friction between the relationship of Daniel and the kapitana of the town who provided jobs for them as a Butanding Interaction Officer or BIO. The film was the Philippines' official submission to the OSCARS Foreign Language Film category in 2007."] ["Manuel and Marian have been best friends since they were kids. They are so close that they know each other's secrets...well, almost. For the last 16 years, Manuel never had the courage to tell Marian how much he loves her. On the other hand, Marian sees Manuel as no more than her best friend. Marian's greatest love has alwaysbeen Lance , a classmate who protected her from bullies back in grade school. Ever since Lance and his family migrated abroad ten years ago, Marian never had the chance to establish contact with him again. The only thing that Marian knows is that Lance has become the lead singer of the new rock band, Orion. Good fortune smiles on Marian when Orion decides to tour the Philippines. Marian is intent on seeing Lance again, and she brings Manuel with her on a chase that brings them around the Philippines and abroad. Manuel believes that the whole chase is futile because a popular star like Lance will not remember a simple girl like Marian, but Marian does not believe him. When Lance and Marian finally meet again, sparks fly between them. Manuel now has to decide - Will he let his best friend be happy with her Prince Charming, or will he fight for the love that has kept him alive for the last 16 years?"] ['Two filmmakers try to create a film venturing on the life of Jose Rizal. Before they do that, they try to investigate on the heroism of the Philippine national hero. Of particular focus is his supposed retraction of his views against the Roman Catholic Church during the Spanish regime in the Philippines which he expressed primarily through his two novels Noli Me Tangere and El Filibusterismo. The investigation was done mainly by "interviewing" key individuals in the life of Rizal such as his mother Teodora Alonso, his siblings Paciano, Trinidad, and Narcisa, his love interest and supposed wife Josephine Bracken, and the Jesuit priest who supposedly witnessed Rizal\'s retraction, Fr. Balaguer. Eventually, the two filmmakers would end up "interviewing" Rizal himself to get to the bottom of the issue.'] ['An unnamed president  is running for reelection during a divisive war, and one of his speech writers, David Murch (Jon Tenney (The Stepfather, [[Legion , goes on TV to speak with talk show host Marty Clark  and strident right-wing sexpot  Jane Cleaver . Another guest is Janet Hofstader , the Cindy Sheehan-like mother of a dead soldier, who demands to know what her son died for. Murch gets a bit teary-eyed and explains that he lost his older brother Philip  in Vietnam. "Believe me," he tells the grieving mom, "if I had one wish, I would wish for your son to come back, because I know he would tell us how important this struggle is." Cleaver is so impressed with Murch\'s handling of the situation that she takes him out for a drink later, picks his brain, and eventually seduces him. The Karl Rove-like Kurt Rand  interrupts their tryst, calling to let Murch know that the president plans to make his line part of his stump speech.  Soon, the soldiers killed in Iraq do start returning from the dead, and it doesn\'t go the way Murch predicted. They are not back to feast on the living, but unhappily for the president and his supporters, they just want a chance to vote in the upcoming election. "We\'ll vote for anyone who ends this war," one explains. The spin machine goes into overdrive, but the dead are determined to make their voice heard even going as far as one soldier killing Kurt Rand by acting out the zombie stereotype  when Rand tried to force him to sign an unwanted document by threatening the soldier\'s mother. While voting results are being counted during the election, people within the current administration decide to skew the results so the current administration remains in power. After the election results are broadcast, more soldiers begin to return from the dead - but not just ones from Iraq: Soldiers begin to return from World War I and II, the Vietnam War, the Civil War, and etc. Eventually all of the people who died during war time to protect the United States of America have returned from the dead. The progress of the movie also reveals a shadowy mistake from Murch\'s past. He believed that his brother Philip was murdered in the Vietnam War only to discover that it was he who unintentionally killed him long ago with a gun in a game of "friend or foe". After Cleaver attacks the soldiers with her shotgun, Murch kills her, but fails to kill himself. Murch is countered by a soldier that asks him to join them, saying "We\'re looking for a few good men." Philip is among those returning from the grave, saying he forgives Murch for killing him, and then snaps Murch\'s neck. Now one of the zombies, Murch announces that he will show anyone who sends their brothers and sisters to die for a lie the true face of hell.'] ["= A teenage gothic band heads for a gig in a remote province. During the long journey, not many of the young band members talked too much, while, their manager Hans  keeps complaining why he's the one who should drive. Meanwhile, Tonee  and Ian , who were long-estranged couple, ignored each other. Vince , the band's leader and Richard  have a small commotion, only to be stopped by Richard's ex-girlfriend Dang . The group stopped into a small store beside the road. The others decided to relax while Vince and Dang disappeared from view. The two latter confronted each other; Vince revealed he will be leaving them soon, a fact that Dang objects strongly. Back at the store, Lucio , a local townsfolk, warned them to stay in sight, for they might be kidnapped by an engkanto . He then told of the story of his son Paeng : the latter was gathering firewood when he was suddenly grabbed by someone or something. He then also explained that the engkanto was the reason why they are lost in the middle of nowhere. Worse, the bus ran out of gas, forcing the band to take refuge in an abandoned resort. Dang, Ian and Tonee then encountered a young and beautiful woman clad in white. Tonee and Ian asked where is the beach. They followed the woman's directions but were lost. Tonee lost her temper but Ian wants to court the young woman. Accidentally, he was bitten by the woman, who revealed to be the engkanto . Vince then encountered Paeng, the aforementioned boy who was kidnapped by the engkanto. He, Dang and Richard demanded that who did this to him and who is this. As they speak, the engkanto summoned her slaves to hunt the band down. Hans, who was looking for gas, was bitten. Meanwhile, Dang met a retreating Tonee informing the former that Ian was killed by the engkanto and made her slave. Sadly, Tonee too was choked to death. Paeng and Vince then lured the slaves to the beach, discovering they fear water. They formulated a plan: he and Dang will ward off the slaves while Paeng, Richard and Tikoy  refilled the bus's gas. Paeng then noticed the tree beside them; this was supposed to be the engkanto's lair. They must burn it to kill the engkanto. The engkanto, who stopped in her tracks for she fears water, rushes to Richard and choked him hardly. The young man can hear what the latter was saying: he  was the one she need. Paeng, meanwhile tossed the matches in the air, burning the tree and killing the engkanto. With all things seem to be alright, the remaining band members visit Paeng's home where his father warmly welcomed him. But, something in their plans went horribly wrong: no matter the engkanto's home was burned down, she will only move into a new dwelling, for she is a spirit of the nature. Mang Lucio was right: Richard was kidnapped by the zombie engkanto and was never seen again."] ['Four beauty pageant contestants, who are vying for the coveted title of "Miss Manila Sunshine", set sail on a yacht. They ended up stranded on a deserted island after their vessel got caught up on fire. Together with an attractive young man, a maid and the gay pageant director, the four ladies found life "anything but dull.'] ["A married man is having an affair with another man. After some time apart, the two men spend a night together in a family vacation home in Taal, Batangas. Together in such close quarters, the two are left with nothing to do but to confront the realities of their relationship. The movie opens with William , a doctor, driving up to Tagaytay City to meet his secret lover JP , a handsome young fellow in his mid-twenties. While driving, William had been engaged in a cell phone conversation with his wife, who was asking when he will return home. William made up an alibi saying that he has an unexpected appointment in Tagaytay and will probably be back in Manila the next day. On the other hand, JP was waiting in a public viewing park of the Taal Volcano to join William in his Tagaytay escapade. JP is a local boatman and tour guide in Taal, Batangas and William’s secret lover for a year now. Although it was not specifically reiterated in the movie, listening to their dialogue, one will learn that the two men obviously met during one of William and his wife’s visits to Taal Volcano. If William has a wife, JP has a girlfriend. The two did not see each other for two months partly because William is very busy being a Makati physician and partly because he is a family man. JP, on the other hand, had spent two months secretly waiting for William while keeping himself busy with his boating job and his girlfriend. Deep inside, the two lovers missed each other. When they reach the rest house, William cooks pasta and they eat and drink wine together. It is to be, however, the last night that the two lovers will be together as William is scheduled to leave for Australia. William wants to call it quits but doesn't know how to break the news to JP, who is already emotionally attached to him although they really didn't have an agreement that they are indeed a couple. The tension starts when William tells JP that he's leaving the country. Several scenes and dialogue lead up to the climax as JP is reluctant to accept the fact that it was the end of their relationship. The two men had spent the night talking about their past including happy and unforgettable memories while browsing their pictures. The night has been a beautiful night. Their intimacy is renewed and they make love as pleasurable as ever. But as the daybreak comes, William remains firm to his decision, leaving for Australia and ending his relationship with JP. The movie ends as William is driving back to Manila again and JP, alone in the nocturnal Tagaytay rest house, is numbed to the truth that their relationship is doomed in just one night."] ['Panday is a blacksmith whose real name is Flavio. When a meteor fell from the sky one night, he forged the metal from the meteor into a dagger, the balaraw. When he raises the dagger to the sky, it magically grows into a sword. He uses this magical sword to fight the evil Lizardo  and other supernatural beings. Eventually, Lizardo and his minions are destroyed.'] [" * Jomari Yllana as Bert * Richard Gutierrez as Marvin * Iza Calzado as Anna * Angel Locsin as Pinky * James Blanco as Jude * Ella Guevara as Lara * Lui Manansala as Marvin's Mother * Tessie Villarama as Pinky's Mother * Pocholo Montes as Pinky's Father"] [" One Love is about two people who fall in love with each other even if they have two different worlds. Here, Jackie  is the campus queen, rich, beautiful and is liked by everyone except Che , who thinks that Jackie is just a shallow brat. After being forced to work together for school activities, Jackie made it a personal goal for Che to like her. Despite herself, she tries everything to please Che until she almost gives up hope. But with the presence of Jackie's Ate Glow, their personal belongings get mixed up. Because of this, both will discover the softer side of each other and their growing affections on the side, the two will eventually fall in love amidst the chaotic events that almost threatened their relationship.  Two Hearts is the second episode in My First Romance starring John Lloyd and Bea. Enzo  is star soccer player at school who loves the attention that he gets. However, he takes many things for granted but changes when he gets a heart problem and doctors say that only a heart transplant can save his life. Enzo gets a heart transplant after finding out that a guy who met an accident is a heart donor. This guy is the ex-boyfriend of Bianca  who went to the States. Two years after the transplant, Enzo comes back to the Philippines and meets Bianca. She sees that Enzo and her ex-boyfriend are opposites but gives him a chance. After seeing the real Enzo, she appreciates him more and they slowly fall in love with each other but she still couldn't move on from her ex-boyfriend. Until a near death experience for Enzo changes her heart completely."] ['Half-sisters Aileen  and Romina , along with first cousins Sandra  and Ruth , reunite in Camiguin to bury their grandmother. Accompanied by Sandra’s friend, Lucy , the five girls dare to call on the spirits of the dead when they find their old Ouija board from when they were kids. The Ouija board is burned by accident before they are able to finish the ritual, trapping a murderous entity around them. As they begin to realize the terror that they have brought upon themselves, Aileen and Romina’s hostile relationship become even more strained, while Lucy’s sanity brings a heavy burden on Sandra, and Ruth’s boyfriend, Gino , is unknowingly pulled into the danger and horror that await all of them. Confronted by imminent death, the girls have nowhere to go unless they can identify the spirit and find out where it is buried. It is only by leading the spirit to its burial ground that they will be able to release the spirit from the Ouija board and survive its fatal hauntings.'] ['Perla is a dressmaker who lives and works for her siblings, Percy and Penny. After being hit by lightning thrice, Perla discovers that she has developed superpowers: She can generate heat and electricity with her hands, and lightning flashes come out of her hands. With these superpowers, she becomes famous as the superhero, Volta. Volta\'s main objective is to prevent Celphora, an ambitious engineer, from spreading evil in the country. Celphora, on the other hand, wants to capture Volta to use her as a power source for her Telstra Technology. Volta is a story about life\'s drama, life\'s humor, and life\'s real meaning amidst extraordinary twists and turns in an ordinary life. In the end, what matters most are family and the love that doesn\'t fail to give a "spark" of hope to anyone... superhero or not.http://divisoria.stores.yahoo.net/vodvdeal.html'] ['An alien named Kokey from the planet Yekok had crash-landed on Earth in his ship. He eventually befriends a young orphan named Bong, and he helps Kokey to fix his ship so that he could return to planet Yekok. Kokey also befriends other people - Anna, the sister of Bong, Abie, an aspiring pilot who will help build Kokey\'s ship, and Peping. Meanwhile, Kokey\'s enemy, Korokoy, followed him to Earth in order to find a crystal . Bong, Anna, Abie & Peping must help Kokey to find the lost crystal, fix his ship in time, and defeat Korokoy. One night, as Kokey & the others were sleeping on a leaf , Bong stayed awake & looked up at the sky, thinking sadly about his friend Kokey & what his life would look like without him . After singing a quite sad song about Kokey, he finally drifts off to sleep. The next day, they continue their search for the crystal. They encountered many mysteries & many problems they had to solve, but eventually they found the crystal & defeated Korokoy. Kokey\'s mother, Kakay, soon went to Earth to help his son. It turns out that Kokey\'s father, Kokoy, & Korokoy were enemies too. When they had found the crystal & defeated Korokoy, he said his final words: "I shall come back again!". Then Kokey & Kakay went off to Yekok in their spaceship. Once they were high in the night sky, his mother asked him, "Where\'s the crystal?" Then Kokey groped around & was alarmed to find out that he left the crystal with Bong! When his mother found out, they both cried, "AAAAAAAAAH!" as the spaceship flew away.'] ['Rico Suave  is the ultimate ladies\' man. In the bayside market where he works, he is constantly grilled by his four quirky friends  for "Suave" tips. Soon they find out that Rico has a problem: when he gets intimate with a girl, his entire body freezes. Rico is miserable. In an effort to help their friend, the F-Poor enlist the services of Venus Marte , a sexy con artist. Convinced that Rico is a potential goldmine to exploit, Venus agrees to take on the job. Sparks fly as Venus tries to snare Rico. But, when she finds herself genuinely falling for him, she is caught in a dilemma. Will there be a way out of this rut for Venus? Can Rico regain his old charm as Mr. Suave?'] ["Unaware of her co-worker's sexuality, Annie tries to seduce Ron. After learning she's pregnant, she moves in with him despite her discovery that he is gay and living with a boyfriend Nick. Together, the trio navigates their way through a minefield of romantic difficulties while discovering the true meaning of love."] ["With barely anything to live for, Emman Toledo , a former dancer, is just about to start his life all over again. He holds the good memories of his past dearly, knowing he will never be able to bring back his better days. An unlikely opportunity comes up when he is assigned to be the dance instructor for the upcoming Governor's Ball of the powerful political family of the Evelinos, a chance for him to rekindle his lost passion. It will be at this ball where the engagement of the governor's son Dylan Evelino , and Cedes Fernandez  will be announced. Despite her hatred for the dirty politics, Cedes has no choice but to succumb to the decision of Dylan out of her indebtedness towards the family. Emman is drawn towards Cedes from the first time she catches his eye. As their lives intertwine through dance, Emman and Cedes find themselves resisting an affair: one that holds the truths to their painful pasts, and the memories of a boundless love. Pursuing their feelings for each other will only set fire to the dangers and trappings of their love, so much so that their love could cost them their lives. Can the strength of their love overcome the powers of the dangers surrounding them?"] [' The film tells the story of a love-triangle set in Bohol during World War II; though the main underlying themes deals with Filipino nationalism and the legacies of colonialism. The story takes place on the island province of Bohol, located in Central Visayas, before and during the Japanese Occupation of the Philippines. Duroy  is a banca operator who is in love with Iset , the most bewitching girl in a village where the main thoroughfare is the river. Iset is an obedient child whose father and materialistic aunt hope that she will marry the American businessman she works for, and thereby marry "up" into wealth and status instead of marrying one of the hard-working Filipino village men. The resident American businessman, John Smith , is an abusive, rude and stingy landowner, but he has taken notice of Iset\'s beauty and is interested in her—although it is not clear if he is considering her as a wife or merely as a mistress. Iset, however, has made it plain that she likes Duroy who she asked to express his love in a letter. Duroy takes his time in trying to win the love of his life, but Ibô , Duroy\'s brother, is also smitten with Iset and moves more quickly. Since Duroy adores his family and does not want to get in his brother\'s way, he stops courting Iset. Duroy is devoted to his family, who now only consists of his mother , Ibô and his sister, Bikay . Duroy\'s father left them earlier to go off with an American . Heartbroken and ill, Duroy\'s mother eventually dies when they have no more money to buy medicine. Smith sees Ibo talking with Iset at the warehouse and fires him on the spot. Ibo tries to kill Smith. Smith successfully fights for his life and kills Ibo in self-defense instead. Duroy vows revenge. When the Japanese invasion begins, Mr. Smith is drafted into the American army and has to leave the village. The commander of Japanese forces that garrison the village after the Americans are defeated also notices Iset, and her aunt makes plans to marry Iset to the Japanese officer. Meanwhile, many of the men flee to the mountains while the women and children remain with the American priest in the village. Several years pass. Duroy and his men in the mountains launch an attack against the Japanese garrison. The Japanese respond by taking hostages and killing the priest. Eventually a mixed group of Filipino and American troops arrive in Bohol to help the Boholano guerrilla force defeat the Japanese troops during the Second Battle of Bohol in 1945. Duroy kills the Japanese commander—his new rival for Iset\'s hand—after a long fight in the village. Smith  returns after the war over expecting life to continue as it was before the Japanese invasion. Duroy attacks him, beats him up and humiliates him but stops short of killing him. Iset refuses Smith\'s clumsy offer to renew their relationship and chooses Duroy. The end implies a once-more blossoming romance between Iset and Duroy.'] ['After civilization is wiped out by nuclear war, an adventurer leads a group of wanderers on a search for the fabled Mountain of Life. Along the way they encounter pygmy tribes, bands of savage outlaws and a tribe of Amazon women.'] ["The plot centres on a trio of adopted children  and the spinster sisters  who raised them. Despite the family's veneer of happiness, closer inspection reveals a clan that's cloaked in secrets."] ['With three dead husbands and twelve children to take care of, what is the modern day working mother supposed to do? Ina Montecillo  is completely clueless on how to be an income provider and a homemaker at the same time given her dwindling finances of her household. As she desperately hides from her children her efforts to make all ends meet, her children grow resentful of her as she becomes a part of their own problems, but it seems that her best is never good enough. Funnily yet, Ina rallies her cause with all the courage she can muster- to be the best mother she knows how.'] ['A criminology student, Peping , trying to make enough money for his family takes a lucrative job that is offered by a friend of his, Abyong . It turns out that he actually joined a syndicate. During a night together, to his horror the syndicate abduct, rapes and kills a woman named Madonna , butchers the body into pieces, and throws the pieces in various places out of the car. In the morning he politely asks his boss to allow him to go home. The boss understands that he has to get used to the practices, gives him some money, and lets him go.'] ['When Apollo  finds himself surrounded by friends who are beginning to settle down, he is faced with the possibility of finding his true love. It all boils down to one name: Irene. It must be fate then, when he once again sees Irene , his ex-girlfriend from three years ago with whom he had the best memories with. Apollo and Irene were a perfect couple, and were engaged to be married. It all ended at the altar when Apollo had a bout of cold feet and left Irene alone in the aisle. Now, Irene has no recollection of Apollo, having acquired “amnesia” shortly after their separation. Apollo sees this as the perfect opportunity to pursue Irene again, and be able to undo all the mistakes he made in the past, by offering Irene the best memories she could ever have. True love is difficult to resist, they learn. Just when they find themselves ready to commit to each other, the pains from the past catch up with them, challenging them to finally own up to the mistakes made and lies said, and eventually realize what it is to forgive and forget.'] ["Iliac is a young masseur who went home to Pampanga to find out that his bedridden father is dead. Iliac assists in the preparation of his father's burial including dressing his dead father up inside the morgue."] ['Narding is the son of a policeman who was killed when he was a boy. As he grows up, Narding gets into a gang and get involved with situations and is forced to do unsavory things. He gets involved with the daughter of his boss who is later murdered. Narding is wrongly accused of the murder...'] ["Everyone notices how different Andrew  and Gillian  look from their respective sets of parents but no one really makes a fuss about it. What is even more surprising is that the two have never felt close with the families growing up. Instead, Gillian becomes more closely attached to Andrew's parents  while Andrew feels more drawn to Gillian's parents, Bernardo  and Patria . Little do they suspect that this is because Andrew and Gillian had been switched at birth. Andrew's real father, Bernardo, a poor private driver, decides that Andrew will have a better life growing up with his rich bosses. So he makes sure that only he and his wife Patria know that he has switched the two babies when the mothers both gave birth at a provincial hospital. No amount of pleading from Patria can make him change his mind. Out of frustration, Patria resorts to maltreating Gillian. The latter finds comfort with Andrew's mother, Rose , and later with Mark,  a rich suitor. Jealous of Gillian's new found attention, Andrew decides to force himself on Gillian, an act which leads to the revelation of the secret of their parentage."] ["{{Plot}} Cute and bubbly Sally Malasmas  reluctantly agrees to process her application for a visa, obeying her parent's wish that their small family be reunited. The rest of her family: mom, dad and older sister, Charry  are already residing states-side and they worry that she is lonely living in the Philippines by herself; but as far as Sally is concerned, her simple Philippine life surrounded by loyal, loving friends and co-workers is nearly perfect. During the interview, things goes awry and her application gets abruptly denied by the handsome, yet dismissive American consul, Will Derby . The next day, a bewildered Will wakes from a one-night-stand with a girl he picked up from a bar the night before and due to the notorious Manila gridlock, he misses work. He finds himself instead diverted to the Census Bureau where Sally incidentally works. Seeing an opportunity for revenge, Sally buries Will's inquiry form beneath an already mounting pile of paperwork. As she expected, Will waits all day for his turn through sweltering heat and hunger until he gets fed up and finally confronts the scheming Sally. She gives him a dose of his own medicine and nonchallantly brushes him off, informing him that his form cannot be processed properly because it is incomplete and that he must return the next day since its time for her to go home. An outraged Will cries foul to Sally's supervisor, who sides with him. Thus, in order to redeem the bureau's reputation, Sally's is ordered to stay behind after hours until Will finds the information he needs. As it turns out, Will's cold and sullen demeanor is due to him agonizing over the search for his birth parents and any remaining family members he may still have in the Philippines; but more importantly, the reason why he was given up for adoption, a question that has been gnawing at him for years. Sympathizing with Will's plight, Sally takes it upon herself to help him find what he's looking for and through this common purpose the pair bonds and grows closer. But it seems that each has a different idea of exactly what their new-found friendship means to the other. Will's casual relationships with women conflicts with Sally's more traditional, old-fashioned virtues. Together, they must set aside differences, overcome clashing cultural prejudices and ethnocentric beliefs; otherwise, unsettled issues may put a stopper to their blossoming romance before they get the chance to realize its full potential."] ["Boy  is struggling to save his girlfriend Sofia , who is forced to work as a prostitute for the scheming Madam San . Boy and his best friend Sonny  visit their childhood friend Francis , who is now a violent drug dealer. Unexpectedly, Francis suffers from a heart attack and dies. Instead of reporting the incident to his family, Boy and Sonny hid Francis' body as they searched the entire house for the tablets of Ecstasy, which they were hoping to sell. Chaos ensues when Francis' family and girlfriend, as well as drug pusher Rocky  find out about his death."] ['Ryan  and Daisy  are just among the many students in the Filipino University Belt. Ryan is a part-time typist of term papers, while Daisy is a Korean immigrant studying in the Philippines. Ryan encounters what he thinks is the worst term paper ever written. At that same day, he also comes across a cellphone ad. He contacts the person selling the phone and eventually became friends with her. Then he discovers that the girl he is talking with on the phone and the owner of the term paper is one and the same- the Korean girl! Ryan and Daisy develop an instant irritation towards each other. The cultural differences and the language barrier add to their frustration. But since they have also developed a friendship through their text messages before they met, both decide to give love a chance...'] ["Furniture supplier Ram  is happily married to Charmaine . One day, Ram lands a big client, a new luxury resort. But he needs the help of Kara , the daughter of the owner of the resort, to finalize the deal. Kara's help, however, comes with a price, because she fancies Ram to be her lover. Not before long, Kara successfully seduces Ram, even though she knows about his marriage. When Charmaine learns of the affair, she finds ways to fight for her husband's waning attention."] ['{{Plot}} Oro Plata Mata traces the changing fortunes of two aristocratic families in Negros during World War II. The Ojeda family is celebrating Margarita Ojeda\'s  debut. In the garden, Trinidad  receives her first kiss from Miguel Lorenzo , her childhood sweetheart. Don Claudio Ojeda  and his fellow landowners talk about war. The youngest guests mock Miguel\'s refusal to join the army and brand him a Mama\'s Boy. The celebration is cut short by news of the sinking of the ship Corregidor. As war nears the city, the Ojedas accept the invitation extended by the Lorenzos, their old family friends, to stay with them in their provincial hacienda. Two more family friends, Jo Russell , a wealthy, liberated mestiza married to an American, and Dona Viring, an elitist housewife whose husband has left her , join them in the Lorenzo Hacienda. Nena Ojeda , Inday Lorenzo , Jo, and Viring try to deny the realities of war by preserving their pre-war lifestyle of playing mahjong and engaging in other activities enjoyed by women of their station. Pining for her dead fiancé, Margarita goes through bouts of melancholy. Miguel and Trinidad turn from naughty children into impetuous adults. As the Japanese forces advance close enough to Hacienda Lorenzo, the families move to the Lorenzo\'s forest lodge after a frantic escape from Hacienda Lorenzo. A group of weary guerrillas  arrive and Jo tends to their injuries. The guerrillas leave Hermes Mercurio  behind.After getting a lesson in sex education from Jo, Trinidad decides to lose her virginity to Mercurio. Miguel endures more comments of the "Mama\'s Boy" kind when he fails to take action against a Japanese soldier who came upon the girls bathing in the river. It is Mercurio who kills the Japanese soldier. Margarita comforts Miguel, who decides to learn marksmanship from Mercurio. Meanwhile, Viring\'s jewelry, which she considers her best friends, is stolen by Melchor , Inday\'s trusted foreman. He justifies his action as a reward for his services. He tries to break the other servants\' loyalty, but they force Melchor to leave. Later, Melchor, along with a band of thieves return. They systematically kill all the servants, one of them Melchor\'s own son. They gather the women in the living room, where they subject them to all sorts of atrocities: First, Viring\'s fingers are chopped off with a bolo to obtain rings that she had refused to give. After being offended by a slap from Inday, he takes Inday to a room and repeatedly beats and rapes her, his noble-born former mistress. He kills his wife, who enters the room after learning that Melchor has killed his own son. Nena is forced to play a complex combination of Russian Roulette and Mahjong with the bandits. While treating Melchor\'s wounds, and that of her companions, Jo notices him eying the young Trinidad. Although Melchor agrees with Jo to not take the young heiress, Trining willingly goes with the bandits anyway, despite all the crimes they have committed against her family. The bandits notice that two members of the families are missing: Miguel and Margarita. After a romantic tryst the night before that had driven Trining crazed from jealousy, the two heard the bandits\' arrival and hid. After the violent bloodbath only days before, Miguel urges the survivors to resume their mahjong games to help them cope. The women are resilient, and fall back on their old habits of idle gossiping and Mahjong. Miguel is determined to hunt the bandits down and bring Trinidad back. He catches them in their hideout, an old hospital in the city, where the robbers boast of their adventures: raping wealthy young heiresses in their homes, killing their former haciendero overlords, and robbing them of their prized possessions. His courage is replaced with bloodlust, however driving him to a killing spree. In the hospital is a woman believed by Don Claudio to be the Spirit of the Mountain, but in reality, simply an unhinged woman in a party dress subjected to sexual assaults from the bandits. Miguel kills her to cap his carnage, and also as an act of mercy. An epilogue follows the violent climax. The combined United States & the Philippine Commonwealth army troops have liberated the Philippines from Japan. A party is held in the Ojeda home to announce Margarita and Miguel\'s betrothal. It is revealed that Margarita\'s ex-fiance, Ramon, actually survived the Fall of Corregidor, but is now reduced to a pathetic invalid, dressed in an army uniform, planted on his wheelchair. He sheds a tear for his now lost love. After witnessing the atrocities of the war, Don Claudio\'s mind has become unstable, and add to that, he has finally fallen to the curse of senility. He could not recognize his grand daughter, or anyone for that matter. Trinidad has made a new image for herself as a pernicious but very virginal young woman. The survivors attempt to reclaim their previous lifestyle, but the war has changed the world, just as it has forever marked each of them. The film ends with a quote from Trinidad about the very subject.'] ["After witnessing her mother's murder by her stepfather, Monique escapes from him. She meets a small time thief named Carding and orphan kids."] ['The film documents the development of the martial arts of eskrima, tracing its origins from the tribal warfares of the Philippines to its practice among international martial artists. It include interviews with grandmasters Ciriaco “Cacoy” Canete, Dionisio Canete, and Undo Caburnay, and participation of groups such as Doce Pares, Lapunti Arnis de Abanico, Teovel’s Balintawak, Nickelstick Balintawak, and Liborio Heyrosa Decuerdas, in reenactments.'] ['Though widowed, ex-cop, Homer,  is a kindly father to his ten-year old son, Rex . He is considered to be something of a bully in the poor Manila neighborhood where he lives. After mistaking a child retrieving a snarled kite for a burglar, Homer kills the boy and then hurriedly tries to cover up his error. Unbeknownst to his dad, Rex witnessed the event, too. As the two separately wrestle with their consciences, the neighbors find out and chaos soon ensues.'] ["The story is set in high school. Pia  is beautiful and wealthy. She is the campus sweetheart that every guy is dreaming of. However, she is unhappy because her father  constantly blames her for her brother's death, and makes all the decisions with regards to her future. Eric , Pia's high school classmate, is intelligent and has a good heart, but lives in poverty. Both of his parents have already died. He is left is with his kind and loving grandmother who continues to encourage him to pursue his dreams and his love for Pia, no matter what obstacles get in his way. Eric works as the school's janitor during the day to support his studies, and to provide for his and his grandmother's needs. He has always admired Pia but never really had the courage or the chance to even talk to her. Although they belong to the extremes of social classes, Pia and Eric's paths cross when they share the same seat in class - Eric during the night  and Pia during the day. Eric becomes Pia's anonymous 'savior' as he answered Pia's school-related questions, and promised to always be there whenever she needed him. Are they destined to be with each other because of this sign? Or is fate playing a trick on them? Meanwhile, in the background, one of Eric's best friends, Luigi is the typical playboy, and often changes his girlfriend. This has gone on since they were in highschool. Luigi best friend is Eric, but on the sidelines, Alex. Alex is a tomboy who has a crush on Luigi. After five years, she changed and blossomed into a beautiful girl, with Luigi falling in love with her."] ['After being released from a Philippine prison following the fall of Ferdinand Marcos, a former priest  gives up his violent activities in favor of peaceful social activism. But he quickly discovers that vicious death squads, and notorious counter-insurgency operations, still plague his country, and soon he is considering joining the resistance again.'] ["On the outside, Fina and Rodel's marriage is a match made in heaven; but behind the thick walls of what they call home, their relationship is on the verge of crumbling. For all their affluence, the couple's lives remains empty. Devoid of a child to call their own, any attempts they make to conceive may prove fatal to Fina  due to her medical condition. In an act of desperation, Rodel  takes matters into his own hands and seeks the services of a surrogate, Ditas. The plan goes awry when Rodel becomes genuinely attracted to the younger and more alluring Ditas ; while Ditas, whose lived a destitute life, finds the notion of prosperity equally irresistible. The well-intentioned plan to resuscitate life back into a dying marriage may become its undoing."] ["A few months after Ina left the position as the President of the Philippines, she is back in the media limelight as she releases a book of her life in her journey as a mother to her children and as a mother to the people of the Philippines. Ina now lives a simple life with her beloved children, together with her long-time best friend, Rowena. After a freak accident at President Ren's wedding, Ina found herself doing an X-ray and medical examinations inside a hospital. The doctor who examined Ina's health told her that she is suffering from brain tumor and only has 6 to 8 months to live due to the fractures found in her skull and some complications found in her medical results. Upon knowing this, Ina is having a hard time telling her children that she only has a few months to live. Ina is also having visions of her departed husbands—or so it would appear at first. Ina was very sick of her children fighting. She thought Juan, her first son, was in New Zealand but he's actually living on the streets. Pip had a daughter named Monay. And Tudis keeps fighting with her husband, Troy, because of her daughter being with another man. When Ina's children knew about her sickness, they were heartbroken and decided to change for the better, especially Juan and Tri. When yet another accident occurred, Ina was rushed to the hospital, where Rowena was due give birth, Six and Ten-Ten came, but Por was not there. Ina thought that the light that she saw was God, who was about to take her. But it was actually a light from a shooting. Then, another doctor claimed that Ina was not sick. Ina and her family then enjoyed a happy life together. Then came the Christening of Rowena's daughter when Frank came and he was accepted. After which, it was Seven's wedding to William."] ["Flying back to the Philippines to bury his father, an American man is informed by a mysterious phone caller that his mother and sister have been kidnapped and will be killed if he doesn't comply with certain demands. As he follows the phone caller's every wish, he slowly realizes that he is involved in a large conspiracy hatched by the Abu Sayyaf."] ["Their love story began when they first met as students at the University of Santo Tomas: Popoy  was majoring in Engineering while Basha  was a freshman in Architecture. They were inseparable and did everything together &mdash; eating, studying and attending parties. Both their families loved them, they shared mutual friends and eventually ended up working for the same firm. Every single component of their lives revolved around each other. So, naturally, everyone assumed that they would inevitably get married someday, with Architect Basha designing and planning their dream house while Engineer Popoy building it. Everything could not be more perfect. At least, that was what Popoy thought. What he did not know was that Basha was not as sure about their future as Popoy seemed to be. All Popoy's nagging and excessive planning took a toll on Basha. Not only was she tired of trying to carve out her own mark in the hierarchy of the firm, but she also grew weary of Popoy always stepping in to fix things for her. One day, Basha told Popoy that she wanted to resign and move to a smaller firm where she could be given better opportunities to design independently, completely blindsiding her bewildered beau. She revealed the issue that had been brewing inside her for the past year: the real reason why she wanted to leave the company was that she was tired of Popoy and their relationship. She felt hindered by Popoy's constant attention and thought that she had never been given the chance to decide and plan for herself because he always did everything. Popoy was speechless and devastated. That same night, Basha broke up with him, reasoning that she needed the space to grow on her own. Not knowing how to pick himself up after the love of his life left him, Popoy struggled to live his new life alone. Meanwhile, Basha followed through with her plans to resign from the firm. For a while, she drifted jobless, customizing T-shirts with unusual patterns and designs, until she was offered to work for a smaller firm. Accepting the offer, she began to feel the professional freedom she had been longing for. Popoy and Basha tried to live without each other but the ties that bound them made it difficult for either of them to completely move on, especially when their families and friends were constant reminders of the promises and dreams they had made during their happier days. Slowly, Popoy moved on and discovered that there was life after Basha; on the other hand, Basha began to find her solitary journey to be harder than she had imagined, especially when Popoy began dating another girl. Although a part of her wanted to get him back, she reminded herself that the decision to terminate the relationship was hers alone. Opportunity knocked on their door when Popoy's aunt commissioned them to build her house together. After initially feeling awkward, Popoy and Basha eventually warmed up towards each other, especially after memories of the five years they spent together resurfaced. Slowly and unconsciously, they fell into their old routines and found themselves enjoying each other's company once again. Both realized how much they had missed each other, at the same time acknowledging how much they each had changed. But Popoy knew that giving in would mean that they would go back to how they were before, that she will just go on her way again and ignore him when she grew tired again of their relationship and he will be left alone again and hurt."] ["Joanna  meets single father Albert  and his baby Pippa on a bus. When she gets off the bus, Joanna accidentally leaves her photograph behind with her book. Over the years, Pippa comes to believe that this picture is of her mother's. Years later, Pippa meets Joanna again, and Albert hires her to act as Pippa's mother. Eventually, Albert and Joanna become romantically involved.{{cite web}}"] ["The story revolves on Selya Rosanna Roces a schoolteacher, who wants commitment in her relationship with Bobby, Gardo Versoza who she ends up having sexual affairs with but Bobby leaves her because he cannot own up to a need of a needed commitment, Selya ends up in a little town where she meets Piling Eva Darren a schoolteacher as well she meets Dave Ricky Davao a gay man who lives in a Homophobic town filled with Vicious criticism and gossip, Selya begins to think that things won't seem well in this predicament as she in Dave are in a relationship because of unwanted and unprovided sex that Selya deeply wants in this relationship, so she walks out on Dave as he proposes to Selya she decides to go back to Bobby, only in the end to find her self pregnant and regretting her decision with getting back with Bobby, so Selya comes back to Dave and decides to raise her child with Bobby she becomes happy with her decision upon a sexless marriage and living in a civil union without Bobby Selya, realizes her worth as a woman and in the end as Bobby comes back to take Selya and their child she now faces her own irony and dares to show that she is not just a woman but also a true human being."] ["The film, set during the Japanese Occupation of the Philippines between 1942 and 1944, tells the story of Rosario , a young schoolteacher engaged to be married to Crispin . Crispin leaves Rosario to fight the Japanese as a guerilla, and in his absence a Japanese-Filipino officer named Masugi  rapes her. Masugi later returns to Rosario apologizing for his act, bearing gifts of canned food and rice which Rosario at first refuses. Matters are complicated when Rosario's father Mang Andoy  is arrested by the Japanese and Rosario reveals to Masugi that she is pregnant. Rosario must make a choice: accept Masugi's proposal to make her his wife , or reject him and with him the baby they have conceived together."] ['Set at the turn of the 20th century during the Filipino revolution against the Spaniards and, later, the American colonizers, it follows a naïve peasant through his leap of faith to become a member of an imagined community.'] ["The movie begins with Claire  with Elias  doing picking up a child as an assignment, her mission is to give her to the ones who'll adopt the child safely. After picking up the child; Angeli  strange things occur such as accidents etc. They then arrive at the Tenement 2 where Angeli's new parent is staying, they then is found by Tess , Melissa  and Domeng . Angeli warns and pleads Claire not to leave her no matter what happens, she writes a letter to Claire which is not be read until it is supposed to be read. Angeli and Claire falls asleep while Elias searches for them, he then is played by fairies and then is dead. Claire wakes up finding Angeli lost, she searches for Angeli and then finds out Elias is dead. She finds Angeli being possessed who then is awoken by Claire's presence, again Angeli pleads Claire not to leave her. They then fail at escaping the building and the fairies as huge swarms of rats which is caused by the fairy themselves to stop them from escaping attack them. Angeli and Claire is separated by the swarms of rats leaving Claire being surrounded and attacked by rats but is fortunately saved by a lady, she saves Claire using a magic lamp, the lady then tells her to run quickly and make preparations before it is midnight; midnight which is three in the morning for Fairies. Angeli then is found by the fairies while the lady explains to Claire the truth about Angeli and the fairies that she too had a child with a fairy, that a fairy raised up in the human world will be forced to be taken from the human world once she turn nine years old, the lady then also concludes that the child shouldn't be given to the fairies as in the fairy world it is believed that love doesn't exist nor do emotions exist. They then go to the room where Angeli and Claire stayed, they then find Angeli's letters which is believed to be important. They encounter monsters who they fortunately escape. Angeli and the lady who mysteriously arrives in the fairy world, the lady finds her child but is rejected, the fairy then says that the child doesn't have a family neither the child is a human anymore. One of the fairy; Isabel  then is found out to be the mother of Angeli, she then tells the real story of their life of Angeli and her father. Jeremy then searches for Claire in the building. Angeli's decision is awaited to be heard however before that she is confronted by Claire who reads to Angeli the letters and memories of her human life with her human father who then is discovered to be blind after the death of her fairy wife and finding out that she is a fairy, Angeli then breakdowns remembering her human father. The fairy then challenges Claire either the life Angeli or Jeremy, Angeli then confronts her mother that if the fairies ever touch or hurt Claire's husband she will not be with them when she turns 18 and promises that she will join them once she turns 18. The lady then kills all the fairies using a potion, she then too disappears with them. They then wake up in real life being found by Jeremy. Angeli is then adopted by Claire and Jeremy and goes to her new school where she mysteriously too was chased by fairies then finding out that her teacher is her fairy mother. The movie then ends."] ['Dianne seems to have a happy family.She and her mom just bought a house for them,her younger siblings are doing great at school, and her boyfriend of two years is already preparing for their future together. But everything in her life shatters when her dad, Franco, returns after ten years of being with his mistress. More than the irritating presence of Franco, what hurts Dianne the most is how her mom wholeheartedly accepts Franco back to live with them again, and how her siblings allow him to be their father again, as if he never left. Confused and hurt, Dianne does everything to throw Franco out of their lives. But as she succeeds with her plans, she is shocked to learn that their family’s problem is more than the return of the man who has hurt her in the past.And thus the start of the journey of Dianne and her family as they discover their family’s secrets.'] ['Amelia, a girl from a poor Ilocano family, decides to go abroad and find her fortune and also help her family. She becomes a maid of a royal family in the Middle East, which is running out of time, for the wife of the Sheikh is giving birth to a child. The newborn child is a son named Ahmed, and the Sheikh\'s wife asks Amelia to take care of the baby, to which she agrees. Amelia grows fond of the baby, teaching him to speak Tagalog and play tumbang preso. After twelve years of service, Amelia\'s life has improved. Unfortunately, a war is coming and the royal family is forced to leave the palace in case they are attacked. When the palace is attacked, some of the maids and even the wife of the Sheikh are killed, but Amelia and Ahmed manage to escape by going to a secret door in the house and, with the help of Boyong the driver, go to a faraway place to hide. One day, men riding on horseback take Ahmed away from Amelia. With the help of the government, Amelia returns home, where she starts her own business and lives a good life. Later she learns that the men who took Ahmed away were under orders from the Sheikh. Years later, someone with a familiar voice calls her "Yaya" and she sees Ahmed who has fully grown up. The film ends with Ahmed, Amelia and Boyong in Amelia\'s house. The shy Boyong even gives Amelia a gold necklace, because he never had the chance to.'] ["The titular character is Isabel, a woman with a goddess-like allure and beauty who was washed ashore to a sea side town. She was rescued by couple without a child. All women envy and want to be her. All men worship and desire her, but beneath her beautiful facade is a rotten soul. She is a sociopath. A person who takes joy in the destruction of others. She is worse than a tempest. Because of her, friends became bitter rivals, families are torn apart, women kill themselves, men kill each other and even the insane became more insane. She single-handedly destroyed the whole town. But what will be the price? Even she can't stop her explosive end once fate intervenes."] ["After watching a documentary about the suffering of women forced into prostitution during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines, Markova decides to tell his own painful story to reporter Loren Legarda. Escaping the torment of growing up with an abusive older brother, he and his friends found further suffering at the hands of Japanese soldiers, forced into sex work to survive. But even after the war, Markova's struggle continued."] ['The movie is a Vietnam exploitation film where a commando makes an elite team out of rebels. The men are trouble makers and rebels, but are able to perform well. The men are sent out to blow up a bridge and manage to destroy the North Vietnamese Army  guards. However, another NVA force arrives and an all out battle commences. During the battle, two of the men are killed, but the team kills off all of the NVA reinforcements and captures their leader. The team is next sent on another mission to capture two village women, and then another to destroy an enemy base where another member is killed. They kill all of the NVA forces in the base, but their mission gets tougher when a prisoner escapes and captures American women and holds them hostage. The NVA splits up into two forces: one at an old fort and the other to ambush the team as it arrives. Despite the NVA plan of ambush, the NVA are wiped out, but they manage to kill two of the women and one of the special squad. Realizing that there is little time, the squad goes on with their mission and finds the fort. Their squad leader goes inside the fort to recon and is captured. The squad decides to go in and rescue him, the POW girls, and kill the NVA leader.'] ['{{Plot}} Angelina is a seven year old brilliant and talented girl, but with an undeniably spoiled personality. After her first yaya  gets hospitalized because of her disobedience , her parents decide to find her another yaya which would combat her attitude. After a lot of applicants quit the job due to Angelina\'s attitude, a woman named Rosalinda "Cha-Cha" Lucero applies for the job, and is accepted. She assumes the job of looking after Angelina as an easy task, to which the latter proves otherwise. Shortly thereafter, some tragedies occur, which obviously Angelina is to blame: putting a can of beer in a microwave oven at a supermarket, causing an explosion at the said supermarket; fighting with her schoolmate in a zoo; and going to the top of a belfry of a church whilst the rest of her family attends a wedding therein. Angelina\'s mom decides to discharge Rosalinda if she causes any more problems. Rosalinda is frustrated upon learning this, to which Angelina tries to make her happy, only to cause Rosalinda to be fired after accidentally killing her father\'s pet fish. Because her parents conclude a nanny cannot help their daughter, Angelina lives momentarily without a yaya. With no one to protect her, Angelina is accidentally kidnapped by a group of terrorists after overhearing their plan to murder the Duchess of Wellington, who has arrived from  England to visit Angelina\'s school. After receiving no response from her busy parents, Angelina calls Rosalinda. Angelina describes a place near a warehouse . Doubting Angelina\'s words, Rosalinda discharges her call. Later on, Rosalinda is convinced to help Angelina in order to prove the latter\'s sincerity. She goes to the church nearby, where she rememberes the bell ringing while Angelina was calling. There she sess the word LOSER, which pertains to Manolo Service Center. She realizes at once that the terrorists\' hideout is near. At the warehouse, she finds Angelina, and saves her. Meanwhile, Angelina\'s parents assume that Rosalinda kidnapped Angelina as revenge for firing her, which is eventually negated. After Angelina\'s narrow escape, the terrorists\' leader, Eve, kidnaps her parents. The only way to save them is to have Angelina give a bomb-ridden bouquet of flowers to the Duchess of Wellington as she makes her speech. Rosalinda manages to avert the incoming crisis by switching it with another set of flowers. Upon getting the bomb-ridden flower, Rosalinda arrives inside Eve\'s bus and starts a cat fight with her. Seeing that her plan has been foiled, Eve takes Angelina captive. Rosalinda tracks them down until she reaches the rooftop. She engages Eve once again to a catfight, but as the two women fight each other, the billboard behind them crashes down, trampling Eve but miraculously leaves Rosalinda and Angelina unscathed. The terrorists eventually become powerless after Eve\'s demise. Angelina\'s parents decide to make Rosalinda as Angelina\'s permanent yaya. The Duchess\' plows on with her speech and awards Angelina and Rosalinda for their bravery. Near the end of the film, Rosalinda\'s backside is written with the word "LOSER", and Angelina\'s is drawn with wings.'] ["In a most unexpected place, love finds its way... But will it survive the journey? Abby  thinks she has everything under control until her best friend Sabina walks out of her own bridal shower weeks before her marriage to Abby's younger brother Samuel. With a cassette tape left behind by Sabina as her only lead, Abby vows to find her best friend and bring her back in time for the wedding. Abby's search takes her to Baguio. There she meets Vince  and his younger brother Marco, a folk singer in a local pub whose voice she heard in Sabina's tape. Vince claims that he recorded the song for his friend Rabbit who was supposed to give it to his girlfriend . Abby persuades Vince to take her to Rabbit in the hope to find Sabina. Marco thinks of an idea to get Vince and Abby together. As Abby and Vince travel together through the mountain provinces, love tries to find its way through their hearts but will it survive the journey?"] ['Lolo Melo  is an old Filipino WWII veteran living in the United States who tells his war stories to his grandson Jobert . Flashbacks to 1944 he tell the story of his participation during WWII, when his troop was ordered to bury the Yamashita treasure. When Lolo gets kidnapped, Jobert goes back to Manila in order to find the hidden treasure and save his grandfather. Jobert finds the clues to a hidden treasure in the coded, wartime diaries of his grandfather. Soon, he and his chums are in hot pursuit of the Yamashita Treasure. But a dangerous mercenaries are also after the prize, Emong a Philippine government official and Naguchi a Japanese WWII veteran.'] ['The film tells the tale of Guia, a country girl played by Mila del Sol, who begins to sing American songs on the radio, after being infatuated with images of Hollywood and the attention lavished on her by the son of the wealthy hacienda owner. Actor Ely Ramos plays the son who is also the bandleader of the orchestra. She finds fame, and moves to Manila. Eventually, she becomes disillusioned, and returns to the province, singing Filipino music. She also returns to the arms of her childhood sweetheart .'] ["Enteng  has a reason to gloat: business is thriving so he thinks Ina Magenta  will get off his case for once. And she does, but for an entirely different reason: her newest cosmetic trick is a disaster, and it's affecting the whole of Engkantada. Satana  sees this as the perfect opportunity to put her plans in place, starting with a lizard who poses as Enteng. The Kabisotes must keep together even as they deal with domestic problems so that they can fight as a family against evil."] ['With the one, big, happy family that she has, any woman would admire Ina Montecillo  as the embodiment of a perfect mother. But after more than 30 years of doing everything for her family, she realizes she has not done anything for herself. Ina then embarks on a journey of finding her self-worth that surprisingly lands her as the President of the Philippines! Ina revolutionizes Philippine politics by running the country not as a serious and an uptight leader but as a hilarious and caring mother. Because of this, she gained the trust and the support of the Filipino people. But just as she starts to become the president that everyone loves, she also changes and becomes the mother that her children hate. In the end, Ina has to make the hardest choice of her life – becoming the mother of the nation or becoming the mother of her own children.http://www.abs-cbnglobalmovies.com/angtangingina'] ['The film focuses on four young ladies from different social backgrounds and each for their own various reasons, enlists in the fictional "Miss Manila Sunshine Beauty Pageant". The first of which is Dina , a college student who entered the contest in order to earn independence from her family. Next is spoiled, rich socialite, Suzanne , whose every whim is attended to by her maid, Maria , and who learned of the contest when fliers, dropped from a helicopter, interrupt her sunbathing at the family pool. Out of sheer vanity she decided to sign up. Thirdly, Bambi , while planning her 18th birthday party, when she and her mother argue over the budget, since her once rich family cannot afford the grand debut, Bambi is forced to settle for a much simpler party. But during their argument, Bambi falls on her birthday cake; when she sees the pageant\'s TV spot, her frustrations over her current situation inspire her to join. Rounding up the group is Azenith , a con-artist who plans to rig the contest by using her and her boyfriend\'s sexuality to influence the judges into voting for her. The ladies later became the finalists for the competition. En route to the evening gown competition, the ship they boarded catches fire, and the passengers scramble to evacuate. The four women, Maria, Joshua  and his boyfriend Ricardo , Umberto  and Alfredo  land on a desert island.'] ["The Philippines is considered as one of the biggest U.S. military bases in the world. It is not surprising that the population of Filipino-American children has risen. Most of them have fathers who abandoned them as soon as these fathers are re-stationed. Amboy, played by Patrick Garcia, is one of the Fil-Am kids patiently anticipating his father's homecoming and yearning to meet him. Stories from Amboy's mom are the only things he knows about his father. His wish is granted when he finally meets his father. However, things don't turn out the way they were planned."] ["The story revolves around Georgia, a Filipina patis  manufacturer and a mother who is finally reunited with her long-lost Filipino Australian daughter after 20 years of separation. Christine can think of 101 reasons why her Australian dad must not marry her mom. The number one reason is that Georgia, her mother, disappeared from her life twenty years ago and never came back. Now Christine is confused: Why does her father want to marry her mom, who had caused them so much heartache? When Christine goes to her mother's town in Malabon, what starts out as an investigation turns out to be a hilarious yet touching journey for both mother and daughter. Christine's outrageous attempts to expose her mother's flaws are all foiled, as Georgia also comes up with hysterical schemes to win her daughter's love. Meanwhile, things get more riotous when Nanny Ninonu's blind heart falls for Junjun, who is obviously gay and definitely shows no interest liking her back. Again and again, Christine is frustrated as no matter how she tries to harden her own heart, she cannot help but fall in love with her mother's town and its people, especially Val, Georgia's adopted son. Through Val's eyes, she reluctantly begins to see what it means to have a real mother. Despite his discovers Christine's feelings of attraction towards Val, however, Val is suspicious of Christine's intentions. What happens if here plot to discredit Georgia? Will Georgia have a place in Christine's life? Can Christine learn to accept Georgia as her mother, even if she discovers a dark secret in her mother's past?"] ["Soriano brothers Dennis, Chipipoy/Chip, and Jeff are bums who do odd jobs to earn a living, including driving a jeepney. Their lives take a different turn after meeting Atty. Aga Agaton, who told them that they are long-lost heirs of a US-based millionaire. Per the millionaire's will, the brothers would claim his inheritance as long as they finish high school or else the lawyer will take it all. The brothers enroll at the Rajah Putih High School where their age turns them into the butt of their classmates' jokes. The brothers eventually befriend a group of students after saving them from thugs. They also seek help from Einstein, the class' resident genius, in order to get away with the most difficult subjects. Trouble starts when the Soriano brothers become involved in different mishaps happening in the school , resulting in endless confrontations with the school principals. However, despite compromises that eventually lead to more shenanigans & their great ideas for programs that earned the school more money, the brothers are set to graduate high school and get the inheritance. However, Agaton wants the money for himself, plotting with his bodyguard to bomb the Soriano brothers' graduation. At the ceremonies, the brothers were accorded special honors by the school despite having caused much havoc. As a sign of gratitude, Dennis, Chip and Jeff share the special award with Agaton. The lawyer hesitantly accepts the trophy, but the driver warns him too late that the bomb was inside the trophy. Agaton and the driver die, while the Soriano brothers and everyone else on stage are sprawled all over the place."] ['Melinda  is a new substitute teacher at the Malawig Elementary School, located in a poor remote barrio. A young university graduate, her family expects her to look for work abroad, but in her idealism she takes on a challenging job in the provincial public school, which lacks resources and has corrupt personnel. The heavy monsoon rains and the nearby NPAs also add to her difficulties. The children are indifferent to their studies, having been affected by the hopelessness around them. Melinda tries to motivate them by capitalizing on their interest and talent in singing. She takes advantage of a funding opportunity to enter them in a choral contest. She encounters some resistance, however, from the school administration and from the parents of her students. Furthermore, the death of one of the choral group’s members at the hands of the Armed Forces of the Philippines casts a pall on their once joyful preparations. Melinda, however, constantly tries to rise above these challenges.'] ['Amy Sanchez  is a champion free diver who breaks a crucial free diving record. Her boyfriend, Tony dela Cruz , an Air Force Pilot, mysteriously disappears along with his plane that carries gold worth millions of dollars that was to be taken to the Central Bank. Determined to unearth the truth, she goes off to find out what has actually happened accompanied by her sister Jess Sanchez . She moves on her adventurous journey not knowing that she herself is going to get entangled into a trap of lies that leads her to a much complex conspiracy.'] ['Rica  has been very protective of her sister Cecil  even giving up her one true love Bong  for her sisters future and after a freak accident 8 years ago at their little party store for fireworks, but as they grow up under the care of their grandmother  their parents come back . As they come back the girls are all grown up and Rica fears that her younger sister, Cecil, will no longer need her to look after her. Cecil later on meets and later falls in love with a con-man Edzel .'] ["Barbara  has always been overly indulgent of her little sister, Ruth's every whim. Years later, Barbara meets and falls in love with Nick , who is smitten with her. But the spoiled Ruth  confesses to her older sister that she too is in love with Nick and threatens to kill herself if he does not marry her. So with a heavy heart, Barbara once again accommodates Ruth's demands and convinces Nick to court her younger sister instead. In a twisted act of devotion, Nick reluctantly agrees to marry Ruth, to prove his love for Barbara. After the wedding, Barbara decides to start a new life abroad, to give Nick a chance to fall in love with Ruth and for Barbara to get over her feelings for him. Her past comes back to haunt her when Barbara receives news that her younger sister has killed herself and was witnessed by Ruth's only daughter Karen . Barbara immediately returns to the Philippines to mourn her sister and comfort her unstable niece. Upon Barbara's return, she learns the reason surrounding Ruth's mysterious death. Throughout their marriage, Ruth felt that Nick never loved her, but harboured feelings for her sister. In a state of paranoid delusion, she suspects that Nick was having an affair and used his business trips to the States as an excuse to rendezvous with Barbara. In a jealous rage, she commits suicide and haunts the household through a doll to extract revenge on everyone who wronged her."] ['Antonio  is a curious fifteen-year-old boy who is beginning to come to terms with his own sexuality. Although his straight best friend, Mike , has been supportive of his coming out, his first sexual conquest has led to the destruction of his friendship with his other best buddy, Nathan . Antonio’s exploration of his identity unfolds as his family begins to break up. His altruistic mother, Tere  is in complete denial that his father has already abandoned them. Antonio temporarily shares his room with his uncle Jonbert . He sexually touches his uncle while the latter is sleeping. The next day Jonbert tells Antonio that he noticed what Antonio did, and enjoyed it. From then on they regularly masturbate each other and have oral sex. However, one day Jonbert wants to anally penetrate Antonio, and rapes him when he declines. His mother arrives and kills Jonbert.'] ["Sarah , a grade school English teacher, joins the 150,000 Pinoy OFWs working in the United Kingdom to support her husband, Teddy , in making a better living for their family. More than just a chronicle of the Filipino experience working as nurses and caregivers in the U.K., this story also charts Sarah's journey to self-discovery – from a submissive wife who makes sacrifices to make way for her Teddy's aspirations to an empowered woman who finds dignity and pride in a humbling job as a caregiver in London. The story begins as Sarah says goodbye to her familiar world. After finishing an arduous course in caregiving, she bids farewell to the Grade 5 classroom where she teaches English. She buys a winter coat for her son Paulo  and promises he will use it once she can afford to take him to London. In typical Pinoy fashion, she shares tearful goodbyes with her whole family at the airport when she finally leaves for the United Kingdom. Sarah arrives in London. At their apartment, she and Teddy share a passionate reunion. In a honeymoon mood, he takes her to the beautiful sights around London. While window-shopping at a famous mall, Sarah meets Sean , a spunky Filipino boy, as he tries to shoplift chocolate bars. After the initial fleeting period of excitement, she experiences the hard challenges every Filipino caregiver faces every day: cold weather, dirty work and difficult patients. Meanwhile, Teddy also struggles with the daily grind in the hospital where he works. He is stressed and drinks often because he has failed the nursing test twice. Despite the difficulty of adjusting to London life, however, Sarah faithfully stands by her Teddy. She tries to make the most of the situation by doing her best at work and earns the respect of Mr. Morgan, a wealthy old man. Teddy is oblivious to her success, however, as he is absorbed in his own problems with work. Sarah finds solace in her friendship with Mr. Morgan and his son David, who seems to appreciate her more than Teddy does, and with Sean, who eases her longing for her own son. Tension rises between Sarah and Teddy as the stress of London life takes its toll on their marriage. Because of mounting conflict both at work and home, Teddy decides to give up. He tells Sarah that they are going back to the Philippines. Sarah finds it very hard to accept Teddy's decision. She knows that staying in London is the best thing for their family, because returning to the Philippines would only mean going back to the same problems they had before. Will Sarah choose to remain by Teddy's side to keep her family intact? Or will she find the strength to stay in London to continue seeking a better life for her son, even if it means losing her marriage?"] ["For the First Time follows the lives of a couple from two worlds. Seth  is a rich, impulsive playboy who runs away from serious relationships and doesn’t give much thought to the women he goes out with. Sophia  is a prude, ambitious girl who feels responsible for the tragedy she once encountered and with a scar to constantly remind her about this unfortunate experience. When the two accidentally meet in Santorini, their differences did not stop them from spending one unforgettable summer together — that is until Seth runs away again, scared of the unusual feeling that is happening within him. Seth soon realizes his mistake and comes back to Manila to try his best to regain Pia's affection. Conflicts in land ownership and businesses of their parents are now parts of a wall that is growing in between them.http://forthefirsttime.yehey.com/experience_synopsis.html"] ["The date is December 1941, and the simple folks of the quiet town of San Nicolas are unaware that war is nearing upon them. Inya  is a lovely young lady who had just married her childhood sweetheart Edilberto  and they're excited about starting a new family. Ignacio Basa  is Inya's best friend, a transgender woman who has been in love with the handsome Edilberto for years. Ignacio falls for Ichiru Hamaguchi  a Japanese Army official who returns his affection, but becomes torn between fulfilling his duty to his country and his love for Ignacio. The arrival of the Japanese throws the town in chaos, days after the Japanese air raid in Pearl Harbor in Hawaii on December 7 - which marked the start of the war. Meanwhile, on December 8, Japanese air bombings included Manila, Baguio, Davao, Iba and Clark fields to signalled the Japanese invasion to the Philippines. But Edilberto, Inya and Ignacio aren't the only ones the war will change forever. Traitorous Japanese interpreter Maura , strong-willed Tiyang Mabel , tough guy Anton , and pure hearted Julia  also get caught in the winds of the war, and find themselves doing things they never thought they'd do... all for the hope of living and dying another day. Starting on December 1941, the guerrilla leader captain Ediberto Manalang  was named Commander Berto, and was supported by other local guerrilla forces in the town of San Nicolas during the Fall of the Philippines. Meanwhile, battles between the Japanese and USAFFE troops ends in the Battle of Bataan on 1942 and the Bataan Death March begins on April 9, 1942. 76,000 surrendered Filipino and American troops became Prisoners of War under Japanese hands. The defeated troops were forced to march from Bataan to Tarlac. A few years later, local guerrilla forces led by Captain Inya Marasingan Manalang, who replaced Commander Berto in 1943 before the administration of President Jose P. Laurel of the Second Philippine Republic from Japan, achieved their victories in battles at the town. The local Filipino troops and military officers of the Philippine Commonweatlh Army and Philippine Constabulary units including the local recognized guerrillas fought side by side against the Japanese forces in the Philippines from 1942 to 1945 during the main-battles for the Japanese Conflicts Counter-Insurgencies and Allied Liberation of the Philippines on 1942 to 1945. The liberation of the country by the Allies between the combined Filipino and American soldiers on 1944 to 1945 was helpful to the recognized guerrillas to defeat the Japanese occupation troops and ends World War II."] ["On her eightieth birthday, Adela prepares enough food to accommodate her children who all promised to be present during the occasion. She goes around the community and helps those who are in need. She tries to treat it like a normal day—doing her daily chores and duties but the widow can't hide her loneliness. Adela has three children: an OFW who works in Qatar; a drug addict son  who is currently in jail; and a daughter who works as a housemaid in Makati. They all fail to show up and greet her, prompting her to spend the day alone in Freedom Island, a bird sanctuary where mangroves are abundant.http://adelamovie.multiply.com/journal?&show_interstitial%2Fjournal"] ['How come people who go there are never seen again? Does the villa "eat" people alive? The movie tells the story of Ana played by Shaina Magdayaohttp://shainamagdayao.mycelebsite.info Shaina Magdayao Filmography, as Ana in Villa Estrella who has always been having nightmares about certain people getting killed. Things become scarier when her ex-boyfriend played by Jake Cuenca brings her to Villa Estrella where she meets a girl named Gisele played by Maja SalvadorTelebisyon.net Maja Salvador earns praise from \'Villa Estrella\' director who seems to be very familiar to her {{Citation needed}}'] ["An evil scientist's DNA experiment on the bones of a mysterious jungle creature brings the carnivorous beast to life."] 