["Junie , is an ice cream vendor, who goes around selling ice cream to children, and adults alike. After his shift, Junie get's in a predicament with a rival vendor Dodoy . Their manager, angered by their actions, demotes Junie to a warehouse guard. Dodoy celebrates, only to be demoted too, working a different shift than that of Junie. Junie goes home in a bad mood, until he sees the love of his life, Liana . After dinner, Junie get's ready to sleep, to work a new job the next day. While on the job, Junie accidentally swallows a spider, thus giving him web slinging abilities, and becoming Gagamboy. After his shift, Dodoy comes in to his work, and leaves a sandwich unprotected. A roach slips into his sandwich, and as he eats it, he collapses, only to regain consciousness as a large roach. He hires two henchmen, and calls himself, Ipisman . Junie and Dodoy, both try to win Liana's love. Dodoy practically gives up, only to return as Ipisman, to kidnap Liana to lure Gagamboy to his lair. There, he plans to finish off Gagamboy, but the tables turned and Dodoy was destroyed."] ['The movie opens with some videos of Chinatown\'s lucky charms and Buddha statues as well as statues of Jesus Christ, the Virgin Mary and other saints. The movie starts with Joy , a typical mother riding a bus; she then is awoken as the bus stops and passengers leave. She notices Evart Mendoza  leaving a mysterious package on his seat. Failing to return it to the man, she proceeds to the local bakery to buy bread and shows the package to Aling Biring, the owner. Aling Biring tells Joy that it is a bagua and is believed to be lucky by the Chinese. Joy arrives home and is ignored by her drunken husband, Inton . She then is visited by Mang Nestor , her tricycle driver. He who checks himself in the hanged bagua thinking it is an ordinary mirror and returns the groceries Joy left. Joy then shows the bagua to her friends Alice  and Thelma  and then experiences good luck with her winning almost everything from raffles to job promotions. She learns of the death of Aling Biring who haunted Joy; Aling Biring is then known to die of Leptospirosis. She, Alice and Thelma check Aling Biring\'s birth date and discovers she was born under the year of the rat. Leptospirosis is caused by contact with a rat\'s urine or feces. They also learn that Evart Mendoza  was born in the year of the rabbit and was killed by a Rabbit Liner bus. She then finds out the death of Mang Nestor as well as two bodyguards, but before that she got lucky: Joy accepted an inheritance. She visits a Chinese master, Hsui Liao  and he tells them about the legend of Lotus Lady. He advises Joy to reject the offers of good luck so that it won\'t bring bad luck amongst her friends and people close to her. Alice then is killed by a drunken man  by pushing her off out of the window and falling on bottles of Red Horse . All the ghosts from Aling Biring to Alice to Evart as well as Lotus Lady now haunt Joy\'s home and her families. Joy asks Thelma to go and take her children. Inton then is killed by Louie  after trying to escape with his "other" woman who was the wife of his. Joy then again gets lucky by being saved from death as Louie killed himself instead of killing her. Thelma and Joy\'s children then die after a fatal accident, crashing in front of a truck full of cows and chicken . Joy arrives at her home being given another offer by a lawyer. She rejects it and destroys the bagua in the process. She finds out that Thelma and her children survived the accident, but she was wrong. She then finds out that they are dead after her husband joins the pair, leaving Joy\'s fate unknown. The movie ends with a new family moving in the subdivision, with twin girls finding the bagua  and showing it to their parents , while the Lotus Lady is watching them in the window.'] ['Ben is haunted by painful memories of his abusive father, and is suffering even more at present due to his increasingly eccentric mother. He is eventually toughened by this condition. Sam, meanwhile, is still grieving the murder of his activist boyfriend. Both boys turn to recreational activities to forget their painful precedents; Ben becomes involved in basketball, while Sam takes up dancing. Although Ben is surrounded by friends, he is unhappy, until a deep emotional connection and mutual admiration brings Ben and Sam together. Although Ben is confused, Sam is persistent and sincere, and their liaison eventually blossoms into something deeper.{{cite web}}'] ["In a remote fishing island in the 50's, Pepito  grows up learning the trade of his mother, Rosa , the only midwife capable of delivering the newborn babies of their community. At first, the young son doesn't mind the unusual arrangement, but as he grows older, he begins to resist the role traditionally meant only for women. In time, Pepito's coming of age intersects with the lives of other islanders whose beliefs and struggles become critical impetus to his maturity. Eventually, embarrassment and prejudices were overcame by acceptance and love between mother and son"] ['Justin  is a rich, smart, confident mestizo from a private school in Manila while Cecille  is a simple scholar from a rural public school. The two fall for each other against the wishes of his parents . They want him to marry Donna , their business partner’s daughter. His parents order Justin to study in the States to separate him from Cecille. But Justin finds a way to take her with him to San Francisco without anyone knowing. The young lovers live their dream in America. One day, however, Justin’s mother drops by to visit, bringing Donna with her. Justin hides Cecille with a family friend . One day, she catches him and Donna in a tight embrace. She takes the first plane back to Manila, ignoring Justin’s attempts to explain why he was kissing Donna. Back home, Cecille’s childhood friend Andrew  courts her relentlessly. In a few months, Andrew and Cecille are engaged to be married. And then, Justin flies home to try to win Cecille back..'] [' Aguiluz and Alwina\'s plan for a peaceful life as mortals unravels when their boat to Tierra Fuego  is caught in a violent storm. They wash up on separate shores, a young man and woman living without memories and living separate lives. Aguiluz is adopted by a humble farmer and Alwina becomes the surrogate daughter of a wealthy family and is engaged to be married to Gabriel. But a new period in the Mulawin saga unfolds as "Keeper of the Jewel of Fire", Sang\'gre Pirena uses the gintong binhi to bring Ravenum back to life. Ravenum summons the dragon Buwarka and raises an army of Ravenas to wreak havoc on Avila, which barely survives the initial attack. With the power of Mulawin’s Tree of Life dwindling down and the Mulawin race in peril, the Diwatas and the Tres Aves  rush to aid the Mulawin. But ultimately, the fate of Avila and the Mulawin race now hinges on the valor of two of its two greatest champions, Aguiluz and Alwina. The Tres Aves faces the dragon "Buwarka",The Mulawins and the Encantadia\'s Lireo soldiers led by Ybbarro/Ybrahim faces the Ravenas and Aguiluz and Alwina faces Ravenum. The fight continues as Aguiluz and Alwina goes inside Ravenum\'s hideout. There they find Dakila and continues their journey. They continue a violent fight with the Ravenas and as they reach Ravenum, Aguiluz\'s mother  shows up with her husband, Ravenum. Ravenum then forces Aguiluz to transform into a Ravena and complete the family or else he will kill Alwina. Aguiluz agreed, to save the life of Alwina and their child. The Ravenas took away Alwina and Dakila, planning on beheading them. Aguiluz\'s body was too holy for the darkness because he was blessed and once again turns into a Mulawin. Dakila dies in the hands of the Ravenas and Alwina graviously cries. She returns to Aguiluz but their ugatpak\'s powers only works for nights. Aguiluz is stabbed by a sword behind. They make a way out of the hideout and at the end, killing Ravenum and comes also the death of Aguiluz. They return to Avila after a victory and a deadly battle. Aguiluz is seen lying in a royal bed in the kingdom of Lireo in Encantadia with Queen Amihan of Lireo putting the gintong binhi to his mouth that can get his life back. Alwina is then seen putting Dakila\'s ugatpak in the Mulawin\'s Tree of Life. The last part is Alwina and her son together flying with Aguiluz behind them.'] ["During the Chinese Seventh Month, the gates of hell open and spirits are let loose upon an unsuspecting world. Hailing from a small village in the Philippines, 18-year-old Rosa Dimaano arrives in Singapore on the first day of the Seventh Month to work as a domestic maid. She urgently needs money to save her ill brother back home. Her employers, the elderly Mr. and Mrs. Teo, appear kindhearted. Their mentally-handicapped son Ah Soon also takes to Rosa immediately. Between cleaning house and helping the Teos out at their Teochew opera workplace, things start going amiss. Rosa glimpses strange apparitions at night. She finds out that there was a maid two years before her called Esther. She apparently has the same good relationship with Ah Soon as she does. That is when Rosa begins to suspect things are not as they seem. As she explores around some of the shady areas of the house, she discovers the ashes of Esther, the previous maid hidden in a jar and through a ghostly vision that Esther's spirit shows her realizes that Esther was playing with Ah Soon in his room two years ago on that same day of the Ghost Festival when he suddenly, though unintentionally, rape her on the bed. When the parents witnessed this, they feared that Esther might sue the family so Mr. Teo cowardly beat her to the ground and poured oil all over her before setting her on fire. Frightened by the vision, Rosa tries to escape when she is suddenly confronted by Ah Soon. She quickly finds out that Ah Soon is also a ghost himself when she tries to stab him only to realize that the man would not show a scar or any visible wound. In the past, Ah Soon committed suicide shortly after the death of Esther but instead of passing to the afterlife, he chose to return to the house of the Teo to find the spirit of Esther, whom he was in love with. From behind her, Mr. Teo knocks Rosa unconscious and ties her up. When Rosa awakens, she is told by Mrs. Teo that the Teo family has longed believed that ghosts can also marry and their whole intention for inviting her to Singapore was to sacrifice her so that she would be wed to their dead son. But when Mr. Teo tries to hang Rosa, Ah Soon suddenly remembers the way his father brutally murdered Esther and tells his parents that he does not want to see any more deaths in the house. Ah Soon accidentally pushes Mr. Teo into a worship-table, spilling and igniting oil on Mr. Teo, burning him to death. When Rosa manages to break free with the help of Esther's spirit. Mrs. Teo picks up a knife and tries to finish what her husband had started. Rosa dashes out of the house and crosses the road just as Mrs. Teo is hit by a passing vehicle, killing her instantly. Rosa passes to the other side unharmed. In the final sequence, Rosa is seen heading to the airport on the last day of July when the gates of hell are closing. She takes with her a pot containing Esther's ashes as she enters the airport while the ghosts of the Teo family watches her disappear beyond the doors."] ['With three dead husbands and twelve children to take care of, what is the modern day working mother supposed to do? Ina Montecillo  is completely clueless on how to be an income provider and a homemaker at the same time given her dwindling finances of her household. As she desperately hides from her children her efforts to make all ends meet, her children grow resentful of her as she becomes a part of their own problems, but it seems that her best is never good enough. Funnily yet, Ina rallies her cause with all the courage she can muster- to be the best mother she knows how.'] ['Though widowed, ex-cop, Homer,  is a kindly father to his ten-year old son, Rex . He is considered to be something of a bully in the poor Manila neighborhood where he lives. After mistaking a child retrieving a snarled kite for a burglar, Homer kills the boy and then hurriedly tries to cover up his error. Unbeknownst to his dad, Rex witnessed the event, too. As the two separately wrestle with their consciences, the neighbors find out and chaos soon ensues.'] ["The story is set in high school. Pia  is beautiful and wealthy. She is the campus sweetheart that every guy is dreaming of. However, she is unhappy because her father  constantly blames her for her brother's death, and makes all the decisions with regards to her future. Eric , Pia's high school classmate, is intelligent and has a good heart, but lives in poverty. Both of his parents have already died. He is left is with his kind and loving grandmother who continues to encourage him to pursue his dreams and his love for Pia, no matter what obstacles get in his way. Eric works as the school's janitor during the day to support his studies, and to provide for his and his grandmother's needs. He has always admired Pia but never really had the courage or the chance to even talk to her. Although they belong to the extremes of social classes, Pia and Eric's paths cross when they share the same seat in class - Eric during the night  and Pia during the day. Eric becomes Pia's anonymous 'savior' as he answered Pia's school-related questions, and promised to always be there whenever she needed him. Are they destined to be with each other because of this sign? Or is fate playing a trick on them? Meanwhile, in the background, one of Eric's best friends, Luigi is the typical playboy, and often changes his girlfriend. This has gone on since they were in highschool. Luigi best friend is Eric, but on the sidelines, Alex. Alex is a tomboy who has a crush on Luigi. After five years, she changed and blossomed into a beautiful girl, with Luigi falling in love with her."] 