['{{For}} In a tavern in Nuremberg, the young Hoffmann  tells three stories of past loves . He recounts the stories during the interval of a ballet, which stars his new love Stella . Léonide Massine and Robert Helpmann have roles in each story.'] ["A patriotic physician Cheng Ying was persuaded to serve the government by his sworn brother, Kung Sun. Emperor Ling was weak and could not control the corrupt minister Tu who seized an opportunity to rid himself of the loyal prime minister, Chao who had resigned in despair over the Emperor's inability to govern. Riding roughshod over the Emperor, Tu had an edict issued that ordered the entire Chao family put to death. The Prince Consort, a Chao scion, was thus ordered to commit suicide by the sword. Physician Cheng knew that Princess Chuang Chi was pregnant, promised to bring the baby away when it was born. He managed to sneak the baby out of the palace when the time came but the evil Tu, who had been waiting for the birth, initiated a hunt for the child. He ordered the next generation of the populance put to the sword unless the child was brought to him. Cheng was caught in a dilemma for it meant his son who was born at the same time, was in peril. He also had to uphold his promise. With grief, he decided to substitute the last surviving member of the Chao family with his own son. Kung Sun proposed a plan to ensure the safety of Cheng and his wife along with the Chao orphan. Thus, another two innocent lives were added to Tu's bloodlist. A pleased Tu then put Cheng under his protection and adopted his baby son as his fosterling. 15 years later, another Emperor ascended the throne. A young Chao Wu met his mother by chance while hunting and was thrown out of the palace when she learnt whom his foster father was. Angered, he stormed off to Cheng to demand an explanation who then revealed to him his true identity and the family tragedy. The time was at hand for General Wu, a loyal official and a friend of the Chao family had returned with the army after 15 years at the borders. Tu was tricked into attending a supposed birthday party thrown by Cheng and was cornered by Wu's soldiers. Chao Wu and his mother took the opportunity to exact their revenge."] ["Hank, the son of American judge Herbert Mikado, refuses to marry Katie Shaw, whom his father wishes him to marry, and so joins the army. He is stationed in Japan where he falls in love with a Tokyo art student, Yum-Yum. However, her finace, Ko-Ko, an American gangster operating in Japan, is determined to keep Hank and Yum-Yum apart. Hank's father had also sentenced Ko-Ko's brother to prison."] 