['{{Plot|dateAct 1Act 2Act 3Act 4Act 5 Finally negotiations are made for Henry to be named king of both England and France. He has a brief romantic interlude with Catherine while the French and English royal delegations negotiate the Treaty of Troyes. The Greek chorus informs the audience that an English-French union lasted as long as Henry V lived and was only lost under his successor Henry VI.'] ['{{Expand section}} In late October 1943, a battalion of U.S. Marines have landed on Choiseul Island to create a diversion for the impending Allied invasion of Japanese held Bougainville Island. Four of them (Frank Lovejoy, Tony Curtis, Skip Homeier and [[Alan Wells  have been selected to do a reconnaissance patrol and find a French planter  and his daughter ([[Mary Murphy  who have sent a message to the Allies. The patrol must confirm that the message is authentic, and that the planter is still alive, who can give the Marines valuable information needed for a successful amphibious landing by the Allied forces.'] ["The film revolves around the attempts of writer Thad Beaumont to kill off his pseudonym, George Stark. His pseudonym has become a physical entity and is terrorizing Beaumont's family and friends. For some reason, Stark wants to live after he appeared in a set of Beaumont's best selling books. Beaumont writes, but he is not alone in suspecting something strange: Sheriff Alan Pangborn of Castle Rock, Maine is equally suspicious and is asked to investigate the situation."] ["Twist's mother dies in childbirth in the middle of nowhere. Fearing blame, the locals bury her in an unmarked grave and drop the baby at a rural orphanage, where he is named Twist. Growing up in the dusty wastes of the Swartland, sold from orphanage into child labour on the farms, and later to a rural undertaker, Twist finally takes his fate into his own hands and escapes to Cape Town. Wide eyed at the wonders of the city, he falls in with Fagin - an ancient Ethiopian, Rastafarian, who runs a network of child thieves. His new friend Dodger teaches him the tricks of the trade, but the inexperienced Twist is caught trying to steal from Ebrahim Bassedien. Although neither understand it, there is a strange affinity between this old man - who has lost his daughter - and the young boy who never knew his mother. Bassedien takes the little stroller in and for a moment it seems that the trauma is over - as the little boy encounters love for the first time in his short and brutal life. Enter Monks - the only person who knows Twist’s true identity. He is paying Fagin to keep the little boy marginalised. If he ends up in jail or dead on the street, so much the better, for Monks stands to lose his inheritance if anybody ever discovers that Twist is Bassedien’s grandson. The brutal gangster Bill Sykes, and his prostitute girlfriend, Nancy, steal Twist back for Fagin, and the struggle for a little boy’s soul begins in earnest."] ['A group of English schoolchildren, living in the midst of a war, are evacuated from England. Their airliner is shot down by briefly glimpsed fighter planes, and ditches near a remote island. The main character Ralph is seen walking through a tropical forest. He meets an intelligent and chubby boy, who reveals his school nickname was Piggy, but asks that Ralph not repeat that. The two go to the beach where they find a conch shell which Ralph blows to rally the other survivors. As they emerge from the jungle it becomes clear that only school pupils have escaped the crash. Singing is heard and a small column of school choir boys, wearing dark cloaks and hats, appears walking in pairs, led by a boy named Jack. The boys decide to appoint a chief. The vote goes to Ralph, and not Jack. Initially Ralph is able to steer the children  towards a reasonably civilised and co-operative society. Only boys holding the conch are allowed to speak during meetings. The choir boys make wooden spears, further reinforcing their appearance as an army within the group. Critically Jack has a knife, capable of killing an animal. The boys build shelters and start a fire using Piggy\'s glasses. With no rescue in sight, the increasingly authoritarian and violence-prone Jack starts hunting and eventually finds a pig. Meanwhile, the fire, for which he and his "hunters" are responsible, goes out, keeping them hidden from a passing airplane. Piggy chastises Jack, and Jack strikes him in retaliation, knocking his glasses off, and breaking one lens on the rocks. Ralph is furious with Jack. Soon some of the children begin to talk of a beast that comes from the water. Jack, obsessed with this imagined threat, leaves the group to start a new tribe, one without rules, where the boys play and hunt all day. Soon, more follow until only a few, including Piggy, are left with Ralph. Events reach a crisis when a boy named Simon finds a sow\'s head impaled on a stick, left by Jack as an offering to the Beast. He becomes hypnotized by the head, which has flies swarming all around it. Simon goes to what he believes to be the nest of the Beast, and finds a dead pilot under a hanging parachute. Simon runs to Jack\'s camp to tell them the truth, only to be killed in the darkness by the frenzied children who mistake him for the Beast. The new group raids the old group\'s camp and steals Piggy\'s glasses. Ralph goes to talk to the new group using the still-present power of the conch to get their attention. However when Piggy takes the conch, they are not silent  but instead jeer. The boys push down a large rock and crush Piggy. Ralph hides in the jungle. Jack and his hunters set fires to smoke him out, and Ralph staggers across the smoke-covered island. Stumbling onto the beach, Ralph falls at the feet of a naval officer who stares in shock at the painted and spear-carrying savages that the children have become, before turning to his accompanying landing party. A small boy reaches up to the officer to check that he is real. The last scene shows Ralph weeping as flames spread across the island.'] ['A melodrama of a wealthy Los Angeles family - and the journey each one begins after a death in the family. The title of the film refers not only to the loss of life and love, but to a phrase used by most Angelenos while talking on cellular phones; I\'m Losing You... "I\'m Losing You" follows the path of each character after a cataclysmic event: the death of Bertie\'s young daughter Tiffany, in an "accident". The family comes closer together in the wake of such an event, seeking to recover from a blow that has driven each one to near madness.'] ['Jean Brodie is a teacher at the Marcia Blaine School for Girls in Edinburgh, Scotland in the 1930s. Known for her tendency to romanticize fascist leaders like Benito Mussolini and Francisco Franco, and believing herself to be in her prime of life, she devotes her time and energy to her four special girls, called the Brodie set: Sandy, Monica, Jenny and Mary McGregor. Mary, a new girl with a stutter who was an orphaned heiress, first had troubles with the other three, but they eventually became friends. The set often go to art museums, theatre, concerts, have picnics on the school lawn, among other things, which rather upsets the school\'s austere headmistress, Emmeline Mackay, who dislikes the fact that the girls are cultured to the exclusion of hard knowledge, and the Brodie girls seem precocious for their age. She also seems to have a running grudge against Brodie, who has tenure. It was revealed that Brodie had been at Marcia Blaine for six years prior to Mackay being appointed headmistress. Besides working with her girls, Jean catches the eye of music teacher/church choirmaster Gordon Lowther, whom she and her girls spend a lot of time with at his home in Cramond, a seaside village on the outskirts of Edinburgh.  Mr. Lowther wants them to get married, but Brodie drags her feet. She still has feelings for her married ex-lover, Teddy Lloyd, who is the art teacher in the senior section of the school. Also working with Brodie  were Miss Campbell, the physical education teacher; Miss Ellen and Miss Allison Kerr, two sisters who serve as the school\'s sewing teachers; Miss McKenzie, the strict librarian; and Miss Gaunt the headmistress\'s mouselike, non-talking secretary. Miss Gaunt\'s brother is a deacon at Mr. Lowther\'s church  who eventually asks for his resignation as organist and elder because of his relationship with Miss Brodie. Between the years, Miss Brodie rises to her apex, and then spectacularly falls, given that Miss Mackay and most of the other teachers and staff at the very conservative school don\'t want her to continue teaching there. During her downfall, she loses Mr. Lowther, who gets engaged to Miss Lockhart, the chemistry teacher in the Senior School, and one of the few teachers at Marcia Blaine who tended to be more sympathetic towards Miss Brodie as a person and to her teaching style. As the Brodie Set grow older and become students in the Senior School, Miss Brodie begins to cast her spell over a younger group of students, particularly a girl called Clara who reminds her of her favorite, Jenny. Mary, Monica and Jenny become closer friends, and Sandy becomes slightly distant from the set, although she is still part of it. Miss Brodie tries to manoeuvre Jenny and Mr. Lloyd into having an affair, and Sandy into spying on them for her. However it is actually Sandy  who has an affair with Mr. Lloyd. Sandy ends the affair because of Mr. Lloyd\'s overwhelming obsession with Miss Brodie. Mary McGregor, influenced by Brodie, sets out to Spain to join her brother who she believes is fighting for Franco, but she is killed when her train is attacked shortly after crossing the frontier. This event serves as the last straw for Sandy, which leads her to betray Miss Brodie to Miss Mackay and the school\'s board of governors, who finally decide to have Miss Brodie\'s job terminated and another teacher to take over her classes. At the end, Sandy confronts Miss Brodie on her crimes, most especially her manipulation of Mary; her part in her senseless death ; and the harmful influence she exerted on other girls; and adds that Mary\'s brother is actually fighting for the Spanish Republicans. Miss Brodie, on her part, makes some harsh but astute comments about Sandy\'s character, particularly her ability to coldly judge and destroy others. Sandy retorts that Brodie professed to be an admirer of conquerers and then finally walks out of her classroom, with a frantic Miss Brodie following her to the landing screaming "Assassin!!" at Sandy. Sandy, however, doesn\'t look back. After the confrontation, Sandy, Monica, and Jenny graduate along with the other girls. Despite knowing full well that she had betrayed Brodie to Mackay and the board of governors, Sandy did so out of concern for any other girl who could have been a target of Miss Brodie and her fanatical ways, and, perhaps too, resentment over Miss Brodie\'s preference for Jenny and Teddy Lloyd\'s unending obsession with Miss Brodie. At the end of the film as Sandy leaves the school for the last time, her face streaked with angry and bitter tears, Miss Brodie  states her motto: "Little girls, I am in the business of putting old heads on young shoulders, and all my pupils are the crème de la crème. Give me a girl at an impressionable age, and she is mine for life."'] ['Coming to the assistance of a nanny who is almost killed during a bungled hit-and-run assassination attempt, Richard Hannay  is surprised to find that there is no baby in her pram. Curious, he meets her at the Palace music hall where she has gone to see the act of Mr Memory ([[James Hayter . Afterwards, she goes back to Hannay\'s flat with him, where she reveals that she is a spy working for British Intelligence following a group called "The Thirty-Nine Steps"; all they know about their elusive leader is that he is missing the tip of a finger. The Thirty-Nine Steps are in possession of a set of top-secret plans for "Boomerang", a British ballistic missile project that could tip the balance of power in Europe. She tells Hannay that she must leave for Scotland immediately, but while Hannay is out of the room, she is killed by two hitmen. Fearing he will be accused of her murder, Hannay decides to continue her mission and catches a train to Scotland from King\'s Cross railway station, evading the hitmen outside his flat by adopting a cunning milkman disguise. During the journey, he has a chance encounter with Miss Fisher , a netball coach at a boarding school for girls. He is forced to pretend they are lovers to avoid the police detectives who boarded at Edinburgh. However, Miss Fisher gives him away and Hannay jumps from the stationary train on the Forth Bridge. He then meets Percy Baker , a helpful ex-convict lorry driver who advises him to stop at "The Gallows", an inn owned by Nelly Lumsden , who was once accused of practising the occult. She helps him pass the police patrols by disguising him in a cycle party she is accommodating and creating a diversion with her husband. Hannay eventually finds the house of the man he thinks he is looking for, Professor Logan ([[Barry Jones , but finds out that he has been tricked; the man is actually the spy ring\'s leader. He escapes and informs the police, but is not believed and has to jump out of the police station window. Hannay escapes in the back of a passing sheep transporter. He then poses as a lecturer in a Highland girl\'s boarding school, coincidentally where Miss Fisher works, and ending up giving a bizarre lecture on the Woods and the Wayside in August. Miss Fisher recognises him and he is again taken into custody, but this time by the two assassins posing as detectives. After he shouts out to Miss Fisher to telephone Scotland Yard about the Boomerang, the assassins are forced to take her with them. Hannay is handcuffed to Miss Fisher in a Ford Zephyr with the hitmen, who are taking them back to London. A burst tyre gives Hannay his chance to escape, but only having one hand to drive with, he crashes the car, forcing him to wander through the bleak Scottish Highlands handcuffed to Miss Fisher. Eventually, they chance upon a bed and breakfast run by Mrs MacDougal . Hannay hides their handcuffed condition and informs her that they are a runaway couple. While Hannay sleeps, Miss Fisher frees herself from the handcuffs, but then overhears their pursuers inquiring about them and about The Thirty-Nine Steps. She realises her error and goes back to help Hannay, telling him the final rendezvous for the conspirators. The finale is back in the Palace music hall where Hannay provokes Mr. Memory into telling him where "The Thirty-Nine Steps" are, just as the police arrest him. Mr Memory has used his formidable memory to memorise the Boomerang plans. However, before he can reveal the secret, Memory is shot by the ringleader and the secret is safe, as the main conspirators are either dead or in custody.'] ["Set on the fictional San Piedro Island in the northern Puget Sound region of the Washington state coast in 1950, the plot revolves around the murder case of Kazuo Miyamoto , a Japanese American accused of killing Carl Heine, a Caucasian fisherman. The trial occurs in the midst of deep anti-Japanese sentiments following World War II. Covering the case is the editor of the town's one-man newspaper, Ishmael Chambers , a World War II veteran who lost an arm fighting the Japanese in the Pacific. Ishmael struggles with his love for Kazuo's wife, Hatsue , and his conscience, wondering if Kazuo is truly innocent. Spearheading the prosecution are the town's sheriff, Art Moran , and prosecutor, Alvin Hooks . Leading the defense is the old, experienced attorney Nels Gudmundsson . An underlying theme throughout the trial is prejudice. Several witnesses, including Etta Heine , Carl's mother, accuse Kazuo of murdering Carl for racial and personal reasons. Etta is a stereotypical anti-Japanese person; she represents the part of America that persecuted Japanese Americans during the Second World War. This stance is not without irony, as Kazuo (a decorated war veteran of the [[442nd Infantry Regiment , experienced prejudice because of his ancestry, following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. By the same standard, Etta, a German American, could be blamed for Nazi war crimes. Also involved in the trial is Ole Jurgensen, an elderly man who sold his strawberry field to Carl. The strawberry field is a contested issue during the trial. The land was originally owned by Carl Heine Sr. The Miyamotos lived in a house on the Heines' land and picked strawberries for Carl Sr. Kazuo and Carl Jr. were close friends as children. Kazuo's father eventually approached Carl Sr. about purchasing {{convert}} of the farm. Though Etta opposed the sale, Carl Sr. agreed. The payments were to be made over a ten-year period. However, before the last payment was made, war erupted between the U.S. and Japan, and all islanders of Japanese ancestry were forced to relocate to internment camps. In 1944, Carl Sr. died and Etta sold the land to Ole. When Kazuo returned after the war, he was extremely bitter toward Etta for reneging on the land sale. When Ole suffered a stroke and decided to sell the farm, he was approached by Carl Jr., hours before Kazuo arrived, to try to buy the land back. During the trial, the land is presented as a family feud and the motivation behind Carl's murder. Ishmael's search of the maritime records reveals on the night that Carl Heine died a freighter had passed through the channel where Carl had been fishing at 1:42am, five minutes before his watch had stopped. Ishmael realises that Carl was thrown overboard by the force of the freighter's wake. Despite the bitterness he feels at Hatsue's rejection, Ishmael comes forward with the new information. Further evidence is collected in support of the conclusion that Carl had climbed the boat's mast to cut down a lantern, been knocked from the mast by the freighter's wake, hit his head, then fallen into the sea. The charges against Kazuo are dismissed."] ['Taking place over the course of a single day, November 30, 1962, a month after the Cuban missile crisis, A Single Man is the story of George Falconer , a middle-aged English college professor living in Los Angeles. George dreams that he encounters the body of his longtime partner, Jim , at the scene of the car accident that took Jim’s life eight months earlier. After awakening, George delivers a voiceover discussing the pain and depression he has endured since Jim’s death and his intention to commit suicide that evening. George receives a phone call from his dearest friend, Charley , who projects lightheartedness despite her being equally miserable. George goes about his day putting his affairs in order and focusing on the beauty of isolated events, believing he is seeing things for the last time. Throughout, there are flashbacks to George and Jim’s sixteen-year-long relationship. During the school day George comes into contact with a student, Kenny Potter , who shows interest in George and disregards conventional boundaries of student-professor discussion. George also forms an unexpected connection with a Spanish male prostitute, Carlos . That evening George meets Charley for dinner. Though they initially reminisce and amuse themselves by dancing, Charley’s desire for a deeper relationship with George and her failure to understand his relationship with Jim angers George. George goes to a bar and discovers that Kenny has followed him. They get a round of drinks, go skinny dipping, and then return to George\'s house and continue drinking. George passes out and wakes up alone in bed with Kenny asleep in another room. George gets up and while watching Kenny discovers that he had fallen asleep holding George\'s gun, taken from the desktop, to keep George from committing suicide. George locks the gun away and in a closing voiceover explains how he has rediscovered the ability "to feel, rather than think". As he makes peace with his grief, George suffers a heart attack and dies.'] ['Will Stockdale is a backward, backwoods rube from outside Callville, Georgia who may or may not be smarter than he looks. Accused by Mr. McKinney the head of the draft board of being a draft dodger, it turns out that Stockdale\'s draft notices have been hidden from him by his father, who doesn\'t want the boy to leave home and be ridiculed. His father tells Will to be careful going to big cities like Macon and Atlanta. Pa Stockdale says he has been to those cities many years before and he was ridiculed. Wrongfully shackled by McKinney, Stockdale joins a group of new United States Air Force draftees being transported to basic training. They include the obnoxious bully Irving S. Blanchard, who having undergone ROTC training, volunteers to be in charge.  They report to boot camp, where Stockdale and his equally dim, but smarter friend, Ben Whitledge, begin the struggle to join the infantry. Stockdale is incredibly strong and can drink any man under the table. He proceeds to make life miserable for the man in charge, Master Sergeant Orville C. King, who likes his barracks to be quiet and calm. King wears Air Crewmember Wings and states, "he is 45 years old, has eighteen years in the military service and sixteen years as a sergeant." In exasperation, the sergeant places the country bumpkin on full-time latrine duty. Stockdale believes his new position of "P.L.O."  to be a promotion. The happy-go-lucky Stockdale feels that King must be "the best dang sergeant in whole dang US Air Force." The totally unhappy Whitledge wants no part of it, lamenting that an "Airman" is "like something from a funny book." Ben wants to be assigned to the infantry instead. A letter from his mother states, "that Ben\'s six brothers have all served in the Infantry." Ben tells Will, "his grandfather was a Confederate Infantryman, under General Stonewall Jackson at the Battle of Chancellorsville." Ben Whitledge says, "In the War Between the States, it was the infantry that did the fighting," which is understandable, airplanes not having been invented yet. King tells Will the Captain desires to see the barracks and latrine spotless. A company inspection takes a surprising turn when Stockdale\'s immaculately clean latrine is what impresses King\'s company commander most. King gets into hot water, however, when Stockdale opens his big mouth and reveals that the sergeant kept him on bathroom duty on a permanent basis while also neglecting to have the recruit complete all the required military exams and paper work. The company commander orders King to have Stockdale through his training in one week, or else he will not only be demoted, but be made "Permanent Latrine Orderly" himself. Rushing him through testing, King bribes Stockdale by promising to give him his wristwatch, if he can pass. Stockdale flummoxes and frustrates the various officer and men, he takes a manual dexterity test conducted by Corporal John C. Brown , a psychiatric test by Maj. Royal B. Demming , and an eye exam, amazingly managing to get by after driving them all crazy. Stockdale gets the wristwatch as a reward. Ben comes to attention when a WAF Captain speaks, Will is speechless. Later, she is escorted into the Enlisted Men\'s Mess Hall by the Colonel. After being informed of military etiquette as to female officers by Ben, when Blanchard and King ask Will what he sees he says, "a Captain." Private Blanchard tells M/Sgt. King to get three passes to go to a local bar, "The Purple Grotto" where King and Blanchard try to get Stockdale drunk in order to make him look bad and King look good. He admits he has never drunk...store bought liquor. King and Blanchard are inebriated, but Will is still sober. Stockdale says the only alcohol he previously had was what his father made with corn, grain and kerosene. Blanchard buys Lighter Fluid from a cigarette girl. Mixing gin and bourbon with kerosene ... Will drinks it and says "it\'s familiar." Then a drunken Army infantryman walks by and a barroom brawl begins. Stockdale leaves behind a fighting Blanchard and King; as he walks past the Air Police, he tells them that upstairs is the bar. The colonel and captain later inspect the latrine and barracks. Will has mechanically rigged all the toilet seats to open simultaneously in a "salute". While Blanchard is arrested and detained by the Air Police, M/Sgt. King is found filthy in a torn uniform, later in the latrine, and is summarily reduced to private rank, while Whitledge was blamed for King\'s appearance and is also placed in disgraced status. As King goes back to his office dejected, he admits to Stockdale that he and Blanchard had been trying to trick Stockdale to get him out of the way so that King would not look bad, but their effort backfired. Will gives the watch back to King. King also admits he had grown to like Stockdale and became his reluctant and inadvertent mentor to success in the Air Force. Will, Ben and Pvt. King are sent to Gunnery School. Will is at the bottom of the class and Ben is next to the bottom. King graduates as the top man of the class. He is assigned to General Eugene Bush\'s staff and is given back his M/Sgt. rank. The story ends with Stockdale and Whitledge  flying to Denver in an obsolete B-25 medium bomber. Stockdale\'s assignment is tail gunner on the bomber. After putting the plane on Autopilot, the lazy pilots fall asleep, and the airplane soon becomes lost at night over what the navigator thinks is the Gulf of Mexico. They really are flying over the Atomic Bomb Test Site at Yucca Flats, Nevada, during an A-bomb test called "Operation Prometheus". The radio operator of the plane was left behind at the base, so Stockdale and Whitledge must radio to obtain their real position; however, the radio is inoperatable. Stockdale remembers that back home in Georgia, his father would spit into the radio and smack it to make it work. Stockdale repeats the method, and the radio works. Military radiomen on the ground, confused by Stockdale\'s folksy, clownish speech, have the commander of the test Maj. Gen. Vernon Pollard, U.S. Army Infantry frantically rouse Maj. Gen. Eugene Bush, U.S. Air Force from his sleep to confirm that Stockdale is not a prankster, and to give Stockdale emergency flying instructions. Bush reassures Stockdale that he is real and not a foreign agent as King tells Bush to remind Stockdale of the watch. Meanwhile, a fire breaks out in the aft of the plane. The Air Force and Army are put on full alert. Stockdale and Whitledge bail out of the plane just before it crashes, and are declared dead by the Staff Aide M/Sgt. King. During an Air Medal ceremony honoring them as fallen heroes, they reappear, and the Air Force has to cover up that the pair are alive to avoid an international public humiliation. Stockdale suggests both he and Ben  be transferred to become infantrymen. Will and Ben are taken at night to a secluded area. An agreement is reached by two former West Point classmates, General Pollard, USA and General Bush, USAF, who also heartily approve of Stockdale\'s last request—to have M/Sgt. King transferred with them to the infantry. General Pollard has to cut an Air Medal from his uniform. He sits as General Bush pins the Air Medal on Ben Whitledge. As a radio station signs off, to The Star-Spangled Banner, all the men snap to attention, including a reluctant General Pollard.'] ["{{Plot}} It is New York City, 1905. Miss Lily Bart is young, witty and beautiful. Along with her quiet cousin, Grace Stepney, she lives with her wealthy aunt, Julia Peniston. Lily, a socialite raised in comfort and always admired, soon learns that there are bitter consequences for a single woman without wealth trapped in an uncaring society. Lily's closest friend is Mr. Lawrence Selden, a lawyer. Relaxing at his flat, she teasingly points out how seldom he comes to see her. He gently reminds her that he is not a good catch, i.e. not rich enough for her to marry. When she leaves his apartment, she runs into wealthy Simon Rosedale, who is instantly smitten with her. On the train to Bellomont, she invites Mr. Percy Gryce to sit next to her. Another acquaintance, Mrs. Bertha Dorset, takes the seat next to Lily. Lily is encouraged by her good friend Judy Trenor to pursue wealthy but dull Percy Gryce. Lily and Mr. Gryce arrange a date for the next morning to go to church, but Lily misses it on purpose; she waits in the park for Mr. Selden. They take a walk, and while chatting dreamily about love and marriage they forget all caution and kiss. Mr. Gryce has been watching and leaves abruptly because of Lily’s behavior. A dejected Lily pours out her troubles to Judy's husband, Gus Trenor, and he agrees to help her make money through an investment. Later, Lily innocently comes across some scandalous letters Bertha Dorset wrote that reveal Selden was her lover. Lily is hurt and disillusioned but keeps the letters a secret. At a wedding, Lily receives a $5,000 check from Gus Trenor, who claims to have also reinvested another $4,000. He wants to see her alone, but she suggests he see her at her aunt’s house. He invites Lily to the opera, where she also meets Lawrence Selden and Simon Rosedale. Late that night, Selden tells Lily that he loves her. They kiss, but Gus Trenor is watching them. Later, Lily goes to the opera with Gus Trenor and Sim Rosedale. Lily later leaves with Gus, but he lures her into his home and tries to kiss her. Lily flees but she still owes Gus money, over 9,000 dollars. At home, Aunt Julia tells Lily she won’t give her any more money and how much she disapproves of Lily’s behavior. Lily is devastated. Lily longs for Lawrence Selden to come to her. Instead loud, coarse Simon Rosedale comes to call. He has been eyeing her for quite some time. His wealth could free Lily from danger, yet his marriage proposal makes her shudder with disgust. Later that day, Bertha Dorset invites Lily to the Dorsets' yacht for a cruise in the Mediterranean. Lily is desperate to escape New York, the whispers and the constant criticism. Bertha slyly describes the tranquil cruise in glowing terms, with a French chef, a masseuse, and every conceivable form of luxury. Tempted by images of tranquility and bliss, Lily gives in and agrees to go. In Monte Carlo, Mrs. Carry Fisher meets Lawrence Selden, who just arrived from London. They are both very worried about Lily. Meanwhile Lily herself is having a massage on the yacht, her eyes growing heavy, while George Dorset is snoring nearby. A young man is reading French poetry to Bertha. The two of them soon slip away together. Hours later, Lily and George awake and look for them in vain. Next morning, an angry George enters Lily’s cabin, blaming her for everything. When Bertha finally arrives, Lily confronts her, but Bertha viciously accuses Lily of adultery with George. Lawrence Selden arrives on the scene and is shocked. Lily is barred from returning to the yacht. Back in New York, Aunt Julia has died. Lily is cut out of her will in favor of mousy little Cousin Grace. A dazed Lily is now homeless and adrift. Carry Fisher invites her to stay with her and the Gormers for the summer at her house. Carry believes Lily must get married, and there are two only two possibilities left, George Dorset and Sim Rosedale. Vengeful George asks Lily to tell the truth about his wife Bertha, since Lily witnessed what happened on the cruise, but she denies any knowledge. Simon Rosedale knows about Bertha’s letters and advises Lily to use them against Bertha. He offers to marry Lily once Bertha has been disgraced, but Lily refuses. Lily goes to work for Mrs. Hatch as her social secretary. Selden gently tells Lily this isn’t appropriate, but she defends herself saying she needs the money. Lily frequently goes to the pharmacy to get Mrs. Hatch’s sleeping medication, and after a while begins taking it herself. After Mrs. Hatch fires Lily, Lily takes up millinery piece work, but gets fired because she works too slowly and poorly. Lily goes to see Grace Stepney and asks for a loan, but is coldly rejected. When Sim Rosedale invites Lily to tea, she tells him everything, but refuses his help because it would again put her in debt to a man. The next morning, Lily decides to confront Bertha Dorset with those letters she once wrote to Mr. Selden, but finds that the Dorsets have left town. Lily goes to Lawrence Selden and breaks down desperately, telling him she knows she lost his love. When Lawrence isn’t looking, she throws the letters in the fire. Lily goes home and receives an envelope containing her inheritance at last. She writes two checks, one for the bank, the other one for Gus Trenor, and takes the sleeping medicine once again. She lies down in bed, loses consciousness and dies. Selden discovers the burnt letters in his fireplace, but when he hurries to Lily’s apartment, he finds her and cries at her deathbed, telling her he loves her."] ['At seventeen, Veronica "Ronnie" Miller  remains as rebellious as she was the day her parents divorced and her father moved to North Carolina three years prior. Once a classical piano child prodigy under the tutelage of her father, Steve Miller , Ronnie now ignores the instrument and has not spoken with her father since he left. While Juilliard School has been interested in her since she was young, Ronnie refuses to attend. Now, Steve has the chance to reconnect with his estranged daughter when her mother, Kim Miller  sends the rebellious teen and her younger brother, Jonah , to spend the summer with him. Steve, a former Juilliard School professor and concert pianist, lives a quiet life in Wrightsville Beach, the small beach town in North Carolina where he grew up, working on a stained glass window for the local church to replace the one the church lost in a fire. According to the locals, it was Steve who had  set fire to the church one night. After arrival, Ronnie becomes miserable, defiant, and defensive toward all those around her, including handsome, popular Will Blakelee  whose introduction involved crashing into her during a volleyball match, and accidentally spilling Ronnie\'s strawberry shake on her. She shrugs him off and meets Blaze, an outcast who lives with her boyfriend Marcus. While at a beach campfire, Marcus hits on Ronnie and Blaze mistakes this for Ronnie flirting with him. Angered by this, Blaze later frames Ronnie for shoplifting, causing her arrest. Later on, Ronnie discovers a Loggerhead Sea Turtle nest at the beach by her house and while protecting it, she meets Will again on his volunteer work for the aquarium. After a night of staying up to defend the turtle eggs from predators with Will, she discovers he is deeper than she believed, and begins to develop feelings for him. As Ronnie falls in love with Will, she also manages to form a better and stronger bond with her father. As their relationship deepens, Will invites her to his sister\'s wedding. Later that day, the turtle eggs hatch and her father collapses. Ronnie immediately has Steve rushed to a hospital and learns that he has stomach cancer that has spread to his lungs. She decides to start spending more time with her father since he is unlikely to survive much longer. Around the same time, Ronnie and Will get into an argument after Will confesses that Scott, his best friend, had actually set fire to the church. She is outraged that he let everyone believe that her father was the culprit. With Will soon leaving for college, there is no time to patch things up. Fall arrives and Jonah returns to New York for the school year, but Ronnie stays behind to take care of her father. Leading a slow life, she tries to make up for the time with her father that she\'s lost. She continues work on a composition he\'s been writing , after he loses the steadiness of his hands due to his illness. He dies just as she finishes it. At his funeral she stands to make a speech but declares that no words would ever be able to show how wonderful her father really was. Instead, she decides to share with them the song she helped finish. Before she sits down to play, sunlight shines through the stained glass window, making her smile, knowing that her father is with her. Later on, while talking to the attendants, she runs into Will. He says that he liked the song she played and that he knows her dad did too and Ronnie thanks him for coming. Having decided to attend Juilliard, Ronnie is packing up to return to New York when she sees Will standing outside. She goes outside to see him and Will apologizes to her for everything that had happened and Ronnie forgives him. Will surprises Ronnie by revealing that he will be transferring to Columbia in order to be with her and they share a kiss.'] ['{{Plot}} On Thanksgiving Day, 1983, student Marty Pascal ([[Josh Hamilton  brings his fiancée, Lesly , home to his family\'s McLean, Virginia estate to meet them for the first time. Marty is obviously nervous and hesitant about the impending introduction of his future wife to his family; he has informed them that he is bringing a guest but without any further details. Marty\'s family prepares both for his arrival and for an impending hurricane. Marty\'s twin sister Jacqueline , recently released from a psychiatric hospital, is ecstatic about his arrival, until she is informed that a "friend" is accompanying Marty. She becomes distressed and, over the course of the night, shows many signs that suggest she suffers from bipolar disorder, including sudden mood swings and an inability to cope with change. Referred to as "Jackie-O" by her family, Jackie has had a long obsession with the former first lady and the Kennedy assassination. As an adult, Jackie-O still emulates the former first lady in her style of dress and her hairstyle. Jackie-O lives with her mother and her younger brother Anthony . He and the matriarch of the family, Mrs. Pascal  are very protective of Jackie. Mrs. Pascal is immediately suspicious and guarded against her future daughter-in-law Lesly. Meanwhile, Lesly is initially oblivious to the tumultuous nature of the family. It is clear that Marty is in love with Lesly\'s "normalcy" and their engagement is a way for him to break from his family mold. As the hurricane outside intensifies, Marty and Lesly become stranded in the house until the storm lets up. After meeting Lesly, Jackie-O comes close to a melt-down at her bathroom sink, yet suddenly gains her composure and surprises Lesly. Jackie playfully interrogates Lesly about her love life with Marty, going so far as to ask for graphic details about their sexual escapades. Jackie-O informs Lesly of a nearby former girlfriend of Marty\'s, with whom he shared an intense affair in his youth and hints that there might be a "reunion" between the two former lovers. It becomes clear that Marty\'s lover was in fact Jackie-O after she coerces Marty into playing their favorite childhood "game," a re-enactment of the JFK assassination, a game that led to their first sexual encounter when they were 14. Jackie-O and Marty play the game, and after she has "shot" him, she runs over to cradle him in her arms. She begins to kiss him, and the two have sex. Lesly walks in on them and, horrified, runs back upstairs where Anthony, who previously tried to warn her of Marty and Jackie\'s sexual relationship, convinces Lesly that he is an insecure virgin dying of a brain tumor, leading to a short and awkward sexual encounter. In the morning, Lesly confronts the family about the events of the night before. Mrs. Pascal coerces Anthony to tell Marty that he slept with Lesly. Meanwhile, Jackie-O searches the house for a gun that Marty had been ordered to hide by their mother, finding it in the bathroom. She flushes Marty\'s car keys down the toilet and returns to the living room where Lesly confronts Jackie-O about her mental illness and incestuous relationship. As Lesly runs to get their suitcases so she and Marty can leave, Jackie pulls the gun and asks Marty to play their game one last time, agreeing to let them leave afterward. Anthony races to find her medication while Marty cautiously plays along. In tears, Jackie shoots and kills her brother. Lesly runs from the house. In a voice over , Jackie explains that Marty was buried in the backyard "next to Daddy."'] ['The film is set in the first winter of the Korean War during the Red Chinese intervention . The story follows the fate of a lone 48 man platoon left as a rear guard to defend a choke point, to cover the withdrawal of their division over an exposed bridge. The subplot explores the psychological makeup of the individuals charged with leadership of the platoon, and therein examines the nature of service and valor. Ultimately command of the platoon falls upon Cpl. Denno , who has an innate aversion to responsibility for the lives of others.'] ["Captured by a trio of thieves, Gwendoline is sold to a local casino owner, but, rescued by Willard, a mercenary adventurer, she is reunited with her maid, Beth, after the latter's abduction by the same thieves who had earlier kidnapped Gwendoline. Hired to transport an illegal cargo, Willard reluctantly agrees to take both women with him after Beth, withholding information vital to his livelihood, promises to divulge it only if he becomes their guide. Gwendoline, who has come to China to capture the butterfly that eluded her father, who'd staked his professional reputation as a scientist on obtaining the insect, offers Willard $2000 to take her and Beth with him to the land of the Yik-Yak tribe, in which the butterfly may be found. After escaping from a tribe of cannibals, the trio find the butterfly, but, as she is about to capture it, Beth is captured by the Yik-Yak, and Gwendoline and Willard must enter the all-women tribe's underground lair to rescue the maid. To ensure the survival of her tribe, the Yik-Yak's queen allows a victor among them to mate with any man who visits or is captured by the tribe. Aided by Beth and the queen's henchman, who is a scientist, Gwendoline, disguised as a Yik-Yak combatant, wins this right. As she has sex with Willard, the scientist activates the volcano inside which the Yik-Yak live, and he, the queen, and others of the tribe are killed as Gwendoline, Beth, and Willard escape. In the process, Willard is able to capture the elusive butterfly."] ["Marshall Seymour is Vice President of a Chicago department store in charge of buying. He returns from a trip to Thailand and finds he has accidentally acquired a strange ornamental skull. A pair of smugglers should have the skull, but it was accidentally swapped during their flights, and an arrangement has been made to swap back. Marshall is divorced and takes in his son Charlie for a few days while his mother, Robyn, is vacationing. Tensions run high in this family since Charlie can't understand why his father can't be more involved in his life. They get into an argument about how they wish they could be in each others bodies. It is revealed that the skull possesses magical powers, and after they both express a wish and touch the skull, Charlie grows up into his father's body, and Marshall shrinks into his son's body. After the initial shock, they each realize they must live out their lives as each other, and Marshall heads off to school to deal with tests, bullies and hockey practice, while Charlie resumes his role as a Vice President from an 11-year-old's viewpoint. After failing to get back the skull by asking nicely, the smugglers embark on mission to steal it, and end up kidnapping Charlie as ransom. During this time, Charlie explains to the smugglers that he is not himself, and his father is not himself, that they have switched, due to the skull. Turk, the male smuggler, seriously considers what Charlie is saying, but Tina is just concerned about getting the skull back so they can be rich. Eventually the smugglers get the skull, and Charlie is returned. However Marshall and Charlie rush to reacquire the skull so they themselves can switch back. The last we see the smugglers, the two have touched the skull and change genders right as Charlie steals the skull back from them, leaving them in each other's bodies as punishment. In the end, Marshall and Charlie switch back once they realize how they did it in the first place."] ['{{plot}} The story begins with Mortimer Folchart  and his wife, Resa  reading the fairy tale "Little Red Riding Hood" to their baby daughter Meggie. As Mo reads the story, a red velvet hood appears as a narrator explains that people known as "Silver Tongues" are born with the gift that whenever they read a story out loud, the story becomes real. 12 years later, Mortimer and Meggie  are in the European countrysides looking for a book. Mo has learned of his gifts, and nine years prior, Resa had vanished, much to the distress of her extended family. Hearing the calling of books from a bookstore one day, Mo ventures inside. He finds the book Inkheart and is overwhelmed with a mixture of fear and joy. At the same time, Dustfinger , a character from Inkheart appears and attempts to persuade Mo to read him back into the book. Mo refuses to do so and hastily escapes with Meggie and travels to Italy to pay a visit to Meggie\'s great aunt Elinor Loredan . Elinor accuses Resa of running off, which upsets Meggie, but the two make amends when expressing their mutual passion for valuable books, and Elinor lets Meggie stay in her library to read. Dustfinger appears again, but this time having informed the book\'s villain Capricorn  and bringing his minion Basta  to capture Mo and his family and take back the book, in the meantime destroying Elinor\'s valuable collection of books. The trio are taken to Capricorn\'s castle and imprisoned in the stables, which house various creatures from storybooks, such as the ticking Crocodile from Peter Pan, flying monkeys from The Wizard of Oz, and the title character of The Hound of the Baskervilles, as well as the minotaur from the story of Theseus and a unicorn. Mo explains his gift to Meggie and Elinor, stating that when he reads a person out of a book, someone from the real world is sent into it, hence the disappearance of his wife. They are abruptly taken to meet with Capricorn, and meet his current reader Darius ([[John Thomson , whose perpetual stutter had caused those he had read out of the book to only come halfway out of the story, with various deformities and the words of the stories written on their faces. Capricorn breaks his promise to Dustfinger to have him read back into the book, and throws it onto the fire, burning it. In his despair, Dustfinger leaves the group and runs to the kitchen, where he learns that one of the servant girls, a trusted friend of his who is constantly attempting to escape, is in fact Mo\'s lost wife Resa, whose halfway transition from the book she was trapped in has left her without a voice. He gives her the access to escape and departs. After reading from The Arabian Nights and giving Capricorn a stash of treasure, one of Ali Baba\'s thieves, Farid , is summoned from the story and joins the storyteller and his family in imprisonment. Dustfinger opts not to tell Mo that his wife is in the village and prompts a quick escape using the famous cyclone from The Wizard of Oz. After they escape, Meggie offers the idea that only the author of Inkheart, Fenoglio (Jim Broadbent  may have access to a copy of the rare-to-find book. After learning of the author\'s location and traveling to his town, Elinor decides to leave to recover what is left of her book collection. Dustfinger stays behind with Farid partly in order to teach him how to juggle fire, but also due to the fact he is afraid of learning his fate at the end of the book. Fenoglio cannot resist approaching his creation and inadvertently blurts out that Dustfinger dies in the novel while saving his marten Gwin. This devastates the fire juggler, who states that the writer is not his god, and he can deem whatever fate he chooses. While Mo attempts to find a way of reading Resa out of the book, Dustfinger has no choice but to confess that she was at Capricorn\'s village, prompting him and Mo to take Fenoglio\'s car and leave Meggie behind with Fenoglio. They discover that Farid had stowed away in the car\'s trunk, and take him along at his insistence. Elsewhere, Elinor has a change of heart and does not take the train back to Italy. Meanwhile, Meggie learns that she has inherited her father\'s gift when she accidentally summons Toto from The Wizard of Oz. Basta comes and takes Meggie and Fenoglio back to Capricorn\'s village. Capricorn intends to use Meggie to read the Shadow, Inkheart\'s supernatural and most deadly villain, out of the book and into the real world, using a copy of the book he had secretly kept to himself. After a brief reunion with her mother, Meggie is coerced into cooperating or risk Capricorn killing Resa. Elinor in the meantime discovers Fenoglio\'s ransacked apartment and rents a motorbike to save her family. As Mo, Farid and Dustfinger work on a plan of burning down Capricorn\'s castle, Dustfinger is captured. After escaping his cell, he attempts to free Meggie and Fenoglio who is working on a way to rewrite the ending of the Shadow for her to read. He is unable to free them, and flees, only to return at his conscience  beckoning. Meggie is escorted out to read the Shadow out of the book, and Fenoglio and Resa are caged to be his first meal. Fenoglio manages to use Toto to give her a page that he had written, and she manages to call off the Shadow. In the scuffle, she loses the rewrite and Shadow attempts again to kill Resa, Fenoglio, and Mo, who had intervened in the fight. Mo gives Meggie a pen to write her own ending, and using her arm, Meggie manages to send all the book characters back to their own stories, and at Fenoglio\'s request, sends him into the Inkheart world as well. Dustfinger misses his chance to return, and departs when Elinor, Resa, Mo and Meggie embrace, where Meggie discovers that Inkheart had been taken. Farid catches up with Dustfinger, insisting on traveling with him to find another reader to send Dustfinger back into the copy of Inkheart that Farid had stolen before the castle collapsed. After a moment\'s hesitation, Dustfinger agrees, and the two start off together, only to have Mo come up to fulfill his promise to return Dustfinger to his book. Dustfinger is transported safely back into Inkheart, where he reunites with his wife Roxane . Farid reveals to the family that Dustfinger\'s fate has been changed, as he pulls Gwin out of a travel pack he is carrying, and without the marten to sacrifice himself for, Dustfinger is again in control of his destiny. Meggie and Resa invite Farid to live with them, and Meggie agrees to teach him how to read and Farid agrees to teach her how to use the dragon fire.'] ["Taylor Brooks  and Harold Jameson  are white-collar professionals by weekday, and accomplished mountain climbers on weekends. Though they share a love for scaling mountains, the two friends are somewhat opposites in their personal lives. Taylor is a thrill-seeking attorney and womanizer, while Harold is a married, level-headed scientist. On a climb, the pair encounter billionaire Phillip Claiborne , who is accompanied by a team of fellow climbers. They explain they are testing equipment for a major Himalyan expedition but don't reveal the peak. Brooks meets a climber he remembers from law school, Dallas. That night, two of Claiborne's team ignore Harold's warnings of an impending avalanche and are killed when snow careens down the mountain. Claiborne and the other survivors are rescued only thanks to the quick action of Taylor and Harold. With a hole left in his climbing crew, Taylor begs Claiborne to take him and Harold to join him on his next climb - K2, the second highest peak in the world. Claiborne finally relents and allows the two to join his team. The entire team heads to the Karakoram in Pakistan and starts the climb successfully, though Taylor butts heads with Dallas while Harold has guilt over leaving his wife to participate. As the ascent continues, the team runs into trouble when their Balti porters strike  and Claiborne becomes ill with altitude sickness. A four-man team  continue the summit with minimal gear. They are stopped when Claiborne makes the decision  to only allow two men to make the final summit, while two wait behind at the high camp. Dallas chooses Takane as the second man to go, and they leave, amidst protest from Taylor and Harold. Later, Takane returns to the tents after a bad fall, in severe hypothermia, dying soon after. Taylor and Harold decide to try for the summit themselves. After a grueling journey, the pair finish the climb and celebrate. Their happiness is short-lived, however, as Harold slips on the descent, badly breaks his leg, and drops the climbing rope. The pain is unbearable and he cannot be moved. Luckily, Taylor soon comes cross Dallas' frozen body, as well as his climbing rope and supply of epinephrine  kept on hand. Taylor injects Harold with an epinephrine autoinjector and then begins to lower his friend to safety, several dozen feet at a time. Despite Harold's pleas, Taylor refuses to abandon him and continue alone. They continue to descend until they reach a ridge, where a helicopter comes into view. The men are saved and celebrate."] ['Vampire Lestat is awakened from decades of slumber by the sound of a Nu Metal band, which he proceeds to take over as lead singer. Achieving international success and planning a massive live concert, Lestat is approached by Marius, and warned that the vampires of the world will not tolerate his flamboyant public profile. Jesse Reeves, a researcher for the paranormal studies group Talamasca, is intrigued by Lestat\'s lyrics and tells the rest of the group her theory that he really is a vampire. Her mentor, David Talbot, takes her aside and tells her they know he is and that a vampire called Marius made him.In the novels, an alchemist named Magnus is Lestat\'s creator. He also shows her Lestat\'s journal that he recovered and is now in the Talamasca library. In a flashback to his origins, Lestat recalls how he awoke Akasha, the first vampire, with his music. Jesse tracks him down to a London vampire club where he confronts her, and she follows him to Los Angeles for the concert, where she gives him his journal. Shortly after they leave London. Akasha, awakened by Lestat\'s new music, arrives and torches the club, and all the vampires inside, who want Lestat dead. At the concert in Death Valley, a mob of vampires attack Lestat and Marius. Akasha bursts through the stage and takes Lestat with her as her new King. Empowered by Akasha\'s blood, Lestat and the Queen confront the Ancient Vampires at the home of Maharet, Jesse\'s aunt, who is an Ancient Vampire herself. The Ancient Vampires were planning to kill Akasha, to save the human world from demise. Akasha then commands Lestat to kill Jesse. Lestat ostensibly obeys but then turns and begins to drain Akasha\'s blood with the help of the Ancients. Mael and Pandora are killed by Akasha\'s power, and Armand is almost killed, but is saved as her powers diminish. Maharet is the last to drink Akasha\'s blood, and thereby ends up becoming a marble "statue". Lestat then turns and walks to where Jesse is lying lifeless, and cradling her in his arms, gives her his blood, turning her into a vampire. Jesse, now a vampire, and Lestat then return the journal to the Talamasca, and walk away, among mortals, into the night. As they exit, Marius enters the Talamasca. The film closes with a scene of David reading the journal as Marius\'s voice catches his attention, cheerfully saying, "Hello, David."'] ["Dave  and Clarice Johnson  have reached a breaking point in their marriage. When Clarice is injured in a car accident, her mother Mary  intervenes. The obvious truth that more than just her injuries need immediate attention is exposed. Their odds of making it worsen as Clarice begins to see a physical therapist, and Dave develops a friendship with her  and her friendly teenage son Bryson . The acceptance and comfort Dave finds in them stirs his longing for a family and a passionate partner. Sadly, Bryson unexpectedly dies in a swimming accident, Dave and Julie's relationship closens and Clarice pulls farther away; they must confront whether their vows are or are not easily broken. Later on, Dave visits Julie after she calls him, and he comforts her in her grief. They begin to kiss, but Dave realizes it is Clarice he truly wants. The couple reunites once Clarice expresses to him the reasons for her mother having such a big input in their marriage. They reunite and Dave finds out that Clarice is pregnant."] ['In 1951, Sonny Crawford  and Duane Jackson  are small-town Texas high-school seniors. They are friends and co-captains of Anarene High School\'s football team and share a rooming house home and a battered old pickup truck. Duane is good-looking, amusing and popular, and dates Jacy Farrow , the prettiest  girl in town. Sonny is sensitive and caring, with a dumpy, unpleasant girlfriend, Charlene Duggs , whom he does not love; she shares his indifference, and they decide to call it quits. At Christmastime, Sonny stumbles into an affair with Ruth Popper , the depressed, middle-aged wife of his high-school coach, Coach Popper . At the sad little town Christmas dance, Jacy is invited by unsavory Lester Marlow  to a naked indoor pool party at the home of Bobby Sheen , a wealthy boy who seems to offer better prospects than Duane. Since Bobby is not interested in her as long as she is a virgin, she must get someone to have sex with her first. Duane and Sonny go on a road trip to Mexico — which happens entirely off-screen — and return to discover that Sam the Lion , their mentor and father-figure in town, has died of a stroke, leaving a will that bequeaths the town\'s movie theater to the woman who ran the concession stand, the café to its waitress, Genevieve , and the pool hall to Sonny. Jacy invites Duane to a motel for sex, but he is unable to perform; it takes a second attempt to alter her virginity status. Having got what she wants from Duane, she breaks up with him by phone, and he eventually joins the Army. When Bobby elopes with another girl, Jacy is alone again, and out of boredom has sex with Abilene , her mother\'s lover. When Jacy hears of Sonny\'s affair with Ruth, she sets her sights on him and Ruth gets nudged out very quickly. Sonny gets injured with a broken bottle in a fight with Duane, who still considers Jacy "his" girl. Jacy pretends to be impressed that Sonny would fight over her and suggests they elope. On their way to their honeymoon, they are stopped by an Oklahoma state trooper — apparently Jacy left a note telling her parents all about their plan. The couple is fetched back to Anarene by her father and mother in separate automobiles. On the trip back, Jacy\'s mother Lois  admits to Sonny she was Sam the Lion\'s erstwhile paramour and tells him he was much better off with Ruth Popper than with Jacy. Duane returns to town for a visit before shipping out for Korea. He and Sonny are among the meager group attending the final screening at Sam\'s old movie house, which is no longer a viable business. The next morning, after Sonny sees Duane off on the Trailways bus, young Billy , another of the town\'s innocents protected over the years by Sam the Lion, is run over and killed as he sweeps the street. Sonny flees back to Ruth, whom he has been ignoring since Jacy stole him away months earlier. Her first reaction is to show her hurt and anger, then the two slip into a haunting, beatific calm in her familiar kitchen.'] ['Basil  is a half-English half-Greek writer who has been raised in Britain and bears all the hallmarks of an uptight, middle-class Englishman. He is waiting at a port in mainland Greece one day when he meets a gruff, yet enthusiastic peasant and musician named Zorba . Basil explains to Zorba that he is traveling to a rural Cretan village where his father owns some land, with the intention of opening up a lignite mine and perhaps curing his writer\'s block. Zorba relates his experience with mining and convinces Basil to take him along. When they arrive at Crete, they take a car to the village where they are greeted enthusiastically by the town\'s impoverished peasant community. They stay with an old, French war widow named Madame Hortense  in her self-styled "Hotel Ritz". The ever audacious Zorba tries to persuade Basil into making a move on Madame Hortense, but when he is reluctant, Zorba instead seizes the opportunity, and they form a relationship. Over the next few days, Basil and Zorba attempt to work the old lignite mine, but find it too unsafe and shut it down. Zorba then has an idea to use the forest opposite as a kind of logging area , however the land is owned by the powerful monastery of the village, so Zorba goes over there and befriends the monks by getting them drunk. Afterwards, he comes home to Basil and begins to dance in a way that mesmerizes Basil. Meanwhile, Basil and Zorba get their first introduction to "the Widow" , a young, widowed woman, who is incessantly teased by the townspeople for not remarrying, especially to a young, local boy who is madly in love with her, but whom she has spurned repeatedly. One rainy afternoon, Basil offers her his umbrella, which she reluctantly takes. Zorba suggests that she is attracted to him, but Basil, ever shy, denies this and refuses to pursue the widow. Basil hands Zorba some money, as he sends him off to the nearby town of Chania, where Zorba is to buy cable and other supplies for the implementation of his grand plan. Zorba says goodbye to Basil and Madame Hortense, who is by now madly in love with him. While in Chania, Zorba entertains himself at a cabaret and strikes up a brief romance with a much younger dancer. In a letter to Basil, he details his exploits and indicates that he has found love. Angered by Zorba\'s apparent irresponsibility and the squandering of his money, Basil untruthfully tells Madame Hortense that Zorba has declared his love to her and intends to marry her upon his return — to which she is ecstatic to the point of tears. Meanwhile, the Widow returns Basil\'s umbrella by way of Mimithos , the simple-minded village idiot. When Zorba eventually returns with supplies and gifts, he is surprised and angered to hear about Basil\'s lie to Madame Hortense. He also asks Basil concerning his whereabouts the night before. That night, Basil had finally gone to the Widow\'s house, made love to her and spent the night. The brief encounter comes at great cost. A villager catches sight of them, and word spreads, until the young, local boy who is in love with the Widow is taunted mercilessly about it. The next morning, the villagers find his body by the sea, where he has drowned himself out of shame. The boy\'s father holds a funeral which all the villagers attend. The widow attempts to come inconspicuously, but is blocked from entering the church. She is eventually trapped in the courtyard, where she is beaten and stoned by the villagers, who hold her responsible for the young boy\'s suicide. Basil, meek and fearful of intervening, tells Mimithos to quickly fetch Zorba. Zorba arrives just as a villager, a friend of the boy, tries to pull a knife and kill the widow. Zorba overpowers the much younger man and disarms him. Thinking that the situation is now under control, Zorba asks the Widow to follow him and turns his back. At that moment, the dead boy\'s father pulls his knife and cuts the widow\'s throat. She dies instantly, as the villagers shuffle away apathetically, whisking the father away. Only Basil, Zorba and Mimithos show any emotion at her murder. Basil proclaims his inability to intervene whereupon Zorba laments the futility of death. On a rainy day, Basil and Zorba come home and find Madame Hortense waiting for them. She expresses anger at Zorba for making no progress on the wedding. Zorba conjures up a story that he has ordered a white satin wedding dresses, lined with pearls and adorned with real gold. Madame Hortense pulls out two golden rings she had made and proposes their immediate engagement. Zorba tries to delay, but eventually agrees and goes along with gusto, to Basil\'s surprise. A while later, Madame Hortense who apparently has contracted pneumonia, is seen on her deathbed. Zorba stays by her side, along with Basil. Meanwhile, word gets round that "the foreigner" is dying, and that since she has no heirs, the State will take all her possessions and money. The desperately poor villagers crowd around her hotel, impatiently waiting for her demise so they can steal her belongings. Two old ladies enter her room and gaze expectantly at her, hoping to get first hands on all her belongings. Other women try to enter and raid her belongings, but Zorba can fight them off. In an instant of her death, the women re-enter Madame Hortense\'s bedroom to steal her most valued belongings. Zorba leaves with a sigh, as the hotel is ransacked and stripped bare by the shrieking and excited villagers. When Zorba returns to Madame Hortense\'s bedroom, the entire room is stripped bare apart from her bed  and the bird in her birdcage. Zorba takes the birdcage with him. Finally, Zorba\'s elaborate contraption to ferry timber down the hill is complete. A festive ceremony is held, and all the villagers have turned out to see it. After a blessing from the local priests, Zorba gives the signal to start by firing a rifle in the air. A log comes hurtling down the zip line at a worrying pace, destroying the log itself and slightly damaging part of the contraption. Zorba remains unconcerned and gives orders for a second log. This one also speeds down and shoots straight into the sea. By now the villagers and priests have become fearful and run for cover. Zorba remains unfazed and orders a third log, which accelerates down with such violence that it dislodges the entire contraption, destroying everything the men had worked for. The villagers flee, leaving only Basil and Zorba behind. Basil and Zorba sit by the shore to eat a rack of lamb for lunch. Zorba pretends to tell the future from the lamb shank, saying that he foresees a great journey to a big city. He then asks Basil directly when he plans to leave, and Basil replies that he will leave in a few days. Zorba declares his sadness about Basil\'s now imminent return to England and tells Basil that he is missing madness. Basil asks Zorba to teach him how to dance. Zorba teaches him the sirtaki and Basil begins to laugh hysterically at the catastrophic contraption. The story ends with both men enthusiastically dancing the sirtaki on the beach.'] ['{{Expand section}} Maurice Bendrix , is the clandestine lover of married Sarah Miles .http://www.allmovie.com/movie/the-end-of-the-affair-v90464'] ['Set in the 1950s, the film begins with a confrontation between two men: one of them, Clare Quilty , drunk and incoherent, plays Chopin\'s Polonaises Op. 40 on the piano before being shot. The shooter is Humbert Humbert , a 40-something British professor of French literature. Four years earlier, Humbert arrives in Ramsdale, New Hampshire, intending to spend the summer before his professorship begins at Beardsley College, Ohio. He searches for a room to let, and Charlotte Haze , a blowsy, sexually frustrated widow, invites him to stay at her house. He declines until seeing her daughter, Dolores , affectionately called "Lolita". Lolita is a soda-pop drinking, gum-snapping, overtly flirtatious teenager, with whom Humbert falls in love. To be close to Lolita, Humbert accepts Charlotte\'s offer and becomes a lodger in the Haze household, but Charlotte wants all of "Hum\'s" time for herself and soon announces that she will be sending Lolita to an all-girl sleepaway camp for the summer. After the Hazes depart for camp, the maid gives Humbert a letter from Charlotte, confessing her love for him and demanding he vacate at once unless he feels the same way. The letter says that if Humbert is still in the house when she returns, Charlotte will know that her love is requited, and he must marry her. Though he roars with laughter while reading the sadly heartfelt yet characteristically overblown letter, Humbert marries Charlotte. Things turn sour for the couple in the absence of Lolita. Humbert becomes more withdrawn while Charlotte becomes more whiny. Charlotte then discovers Humbert’s diary entries detailing his passion for Lolita and characterizing her as "the Haze woman, the cow, the obnoxious mama, the brainless baba". She has an hysterical outburst and, while Humbert hurriedly fixes martinis in the kitchen to smooth over the situation, she runs outside, is hit by a car, and dies. Humbert drives to the camp to pick up Lolita, who doesn\'t yet know her mother is dead. They stay the night in a hotel that is handling an overflow influx of police officers attending a convention. One of the guests, Quilty, pretends to be a policeman and insinuates himself upon Humbert and keeps steering the conversation to his "beautiful little daughter," who is asleep upstairs, while repeating, too often, that he thinks Humbert is "normal." Humbert escapes the Quilty\'s advances, and, the next morning, Humbert and Lolita enter into a sexual relationship. The two commence an odyssey across the United States, traveling from hotel to motel. In public, they act as father and daughter. After several days, Humbert tells Lolita that her mother is not sick in a hospital, as he had previously told her, but dead. Grief-stricken, she stays with Humbert. In the fall, Humbert reports to his position at Beardsley College, and enrolls Lolita in high school there. Before long, people begin to wonder about the relationship between father and his over-protected daughter. Humbert worries about her involvement with the school play and with male classmates. One night he returns home to find Dr. Zempf, a pushy, abrasive stranger, sitting in his darkened living room. Zempf, speaking with a thick German accent, claims to be from Lolita\'s school and wants to discuss her knowledge of "the facts of life." Humbert is frightened and decides to take Lolita on the road again. He soon realizes they are being followed by a mysterious car that never drops away but never quite catches up. When Lolita becomes sick, he takes her to the hospital. However, when he returns to pick her up, she is gone. The nurse  there tells him she left with another man claiming to be her uncle and Humbert, devastated, is left without a single clue as to her disappearance or whereabouts. Some years later, Humbert receives a letter from Mrs. Richard T. Schiller, Lolita\'s married name. She writes that she is now married to a man named Dick , and that she is pregnant and in desperate need of money. Humbert travels to their home and finds that she is now a roundly, expectant woman in glasses leading a pleasant, humdrum life. Humbert demands that she tell him who kidnapped her three years earlier. She tells him it was Clare Quilty, the man that was following them, who is a famous playwright and with whom her mother had a fling in Ramsdale days. She states Quilty is also the one who disguised himself as the policeman and Dr. Zempf as well as well as the anonymous phone caller from earlier. Lolita herself carried on an affair with him and left with him when he promised her glamor. However, he then demanded she join his depraved lifestyle, including acting in his "art" films. Humbert begs Lolita to leave her husband and come away with him, but she declines. Humbert gives Lolita $13,000, explaining that it is hers from the sale of her mother\'s house and leaves to shoot Quilty in his mansion, where the film began. The epilogue explains that Humbert died of coronary thrombosis awaiting trial for Quilty\'s murder.'] ["Monroe Stahr  is the young production chief and the most important executive of one of the biggest studios of the Golden Age of Hollywood. An unstoppable worker in a time of turmoil in the industry due to the creation of the Writers Guild of America, his life flows between shootings, industry bosses' machinations, discussions with scriptwriters and actors, a battle with the union organizer and an infatuation for a young woman with a troubled past, who is engaged to be married with another man, and for whom he develops true love. As his difficulties grow bigger and his health decreases, his life runs to an uncertain but inevitable twilight that echoes a long gone era."] ['Saul Naumann  is a somewhat controlling Jewish husband and father. A Religious Studies professor at UC Berkeley, Saul wrote his graduate thesis on the Kabbalah. Because he was a devout Jew, his wife Miriam  converted to Judaism when they married, and he nurtured his son Aaron  into a traditional studious Jew like himself. When Eliza  wins her class spelling bee, they embark on a course of Kabbalah study to help her win. The film follows the family and the spiritual quests upon which they journey, in large part because of Saul: Miriam\'s attempt to make herself whole, Aaron\'s religious uncertainty, and Eliza\'s desire to be closer to her father. Miriam lives a secret life throughout her entire marriage to Saul, trying to fulfill the religious idea she learned from him, tikkun olam, or "repairing the world" and "reuniting its shards." She takes this meaning literally and slowly collects trinkets she finds beautiful  and storing them in a warehouse, trying to hold the light of God in them. Saul\'s son, Aaron, grows unsure of the Judaism foisted on him by his father, and in trying to find a faith he personally believes in, he becomes a Hare Krishna after meeting a woman named Chali in the park. For Eliza, her experience begins with a desire to be as close to her father as he and Aaron are; the two would often have discussions about Judaism and play music together. Saul\'s graduate thesis on Kabbalah writer Abraham Abulafia  brings Saul and Eliza closer together when Saul learns Eliza has won the district spelling bee. Upon learning of her success Saul takes control of Eliza\'s life, trying to coach her with the Kabbalah teachings he knows so well. Eliza enjoys the renewed attention of her father and pursues the competition with her father\'s involvement. This comes at the expense of Aaron, who receives less time with Saul, even as he falls deeper into his religious dubiosity. At the center of the film, Eliza becomes Saul\'s newest religious project. Eliza continues to do well at spelling bees seemingly because of a higher spiritual connection with God, as Abraham Abulafia wrote about; visions appear to her and help her spell the word, no matter how difficult. Saul\'s obsession with his daughter\'s gift and the opportunities it presents to him consume him to the point that he is callously ignorant of the collapse of his family occurring around him. He is forced to face it when Miriam is caught entering a home and ultimately checks herself into a psychiatric ward. Aaron comes to reject his father\'s religion and eventually leave the household. Eliza is implicitly aware of how her gift has contributed to this deterioration and her attempts to achieve spiritual awareness become terrifying. In the final scene, Eliza deliberately misspells the word origami  to place second at the National Spelling Bee.'] ['The story begins as Hollywood press agent Bill Dunnigan , who works for a fictional movie studio, arrives by train with the body of Polish-born actress Olga Treskovna , in her hometown, a city referred to affectionately by its population as "Coaltown" because of its coal mining industry. In a voiceover narrated by Dunnigan, we learn that he was in love with Olga, although we never find out if she truly reciprocated his love. He has brought her back to "Coaltown" to honor her deathbed request - to be buried there. After encountering some hostility from the local funeral director who resents Olga\'s father because he was crooked, Dunnigan enlists the services of Father Paul , the local priest, who pulls some strings to grant Olga\'s request. The main flashback story then begins, showing how Olga is plucked from a chorus line in a nightclub to serve as a double for an extremely temperamental film actress who is to star as Joan of Arc in a motion picture. Dunnigan realizes that Olga has the makings of a talented actress herself, and when the film\'s star throws a tantrum and walks out, he manages to convince Marcus Harris, the film\'s producer , to audition Olga, despite her having had no film experience. The screen test is a success and Olga is cast as Joan. However, as filming progresses, she shows signs of being seriously ill. After taking her to see a doctor, Dunnigan is secretly informed that Olga has a severe, potentially fatal form of tuberculosis, caused by her inhalation of the coal dust that circulated in "Coaltown". Desperate to do something for her hometown that will restore the pride of its bitter and disillusioned citizens, Olga continues with the filming, and collapses after the shooting ends. Rushed to a hospital, she dies with Dunnigan at her side. To generate interest in the film, the grief-stricken Dunnigan desperately pulls a publicity stunt, convincing churches all across "Coaltown" to ring their bells for three days as a tribute to the dead actress and promising to pay them with checks that he cannot possibly cover. Huge interest begins to develop in the unknown actress who gave her life to complete a film, and Marcus Harris wires Dunnigan enough money to cover the checks. But Harris calls Dunnigan and tells him that he has decided not to release the film, because the moviegoing public might resent greeting the arrival of a new star who is actually dead. Harris intends to recast the role and begin filming all over again. On the day of Olga\'s funeral, an overflow crowd which includes Dunnigan enters the tiny local church, which can only hold a certain number of people, and has never been full until now. As the crowd prays, a loud creaking noise is heard, and the statues of St. Michael and the Virgin Mary slowly turn on their pedestals until they face Olga\'s coffin. The parishioners regard this as a miracle, even though the logical explanation is that the ground underneath the church has been weakened because of the large crowd, causing the statues to turn. Dunnigan persuades Father Paul not to tell the people of Coaltown the truth; their religious faith is restored, and Marcus Harris, after much reluctance, decides to release the film, which becomes a huge success.'] ["A young woman, Cresta Lee , and young U.S. private Honus Gent  are joined together by fate when they are the only two survivors after a cavalry group is massacred by the Cheyenne. Gent is much devoted to his country and duty; Lee, who has lived with the Cheyenne for two years, declares that in this conflict she sympathizes more with them. The two must now try to make it to Fort Reunion, the army base camp, where Cresta's fiance, an army officer, waits for her. As they travel through the desert with very low supplies, hiding from the Indians, they are spotted by a different tribe of Indians than the Cheyenne. Under pressure from Cresta, Honus fights with the tribe chief and, by fluke, ends up stabbing him in the stomach. He finds himself unable to kill the chief, even as the latter's own men stab him for his defeat, and leave the couple alone. Eventually, after being shot at by a white man who supplied guns to the Indians, Honus finds himself alone in a cave where Cresta leaves him to get help. She arrives at Fort Reunion, only to discover the that her fiance's cavalry plans to attack the peaceful Indian village of the Cheyenne the day after. She runs away on a horse and reaches the village in time to warn Spotted Wolf, the Cheyenne chief. The latter refuses to indulge in warfare and prepares to extend a hand of friendship to the American soldiers using the US Flag. The army men however, do not refuse the orders of their Commanding Officer to open fire at the village. What follows is a massacre of Indians, so violent and brutal that it came to be known as the most shameful day in the Indian Wars of the American West. The movie gets extremely graphic here and shows with abandon the ruthlessness of the 700 army men as they wipe out 500 Indians, most of them women and children."] ['A writer  is invited to the house of a noblewoman  who adores free-thinkers. He attempts to seduce her but she insists that he tell her of his past love exploits. While doing so, he takes her through his time in prison where he was unknowingly incarcerated in the cell beside hers.'] ["In Ispahan, Persia, a barber named Hajji Baba is leaving his father's shop to find a great fortune, while the Princess Fawzia is trying to talk her father into giving her in marriage to Nur-El-Din a prince known far and wide. Her father intends for Fawzia to marry a friend and ally, and makes plans to send her to him. But a courier brings word from Nur-El-Din that an escort awaits Fawzia on the outskirts of the city and she escapes the palace disguised as a boy. Hajji encounters the escort-warrior at the rendezvous spot, is attacked and beats up the escort with his barber's tools. The princess arrives and mistakes Hajji as the escort until he mistakes the emerald ring sent by Nur-El-Din to Fawzia as the prize to be delivered. In her efforts to escape him, her turban becomes unbound and Hajji realizes that the girl herself is the treasure Nur-El-Din awaits. Hajji promises to escort her and they spend the night with the caravan of Osman Aga , who invites them to stay for the dancing girls, among them, the incomparable Ayesha . The pair are overtaken by the Caliph's guards sent to bring Fawzia back, but the guards are driven off by an invading army of Turcoman women, a band of fierce and beautiful women who prey on passing merchants."] ['The film tells the story of a mob hit man  and hit woman  who fall in love, even though they have been hired to kill each other.'] ["{{Plot}} When Catherine of Aragon is blamed for England's failure to produce a male heir to the throne, Thomas Howard, the Duke of Norfolk and his brother in law Thomas Boleyn plan to install Thomas's daughter Anne Boleyn in the court of Henry VIII of England. Howard and Boleyn hope Anne will become the King's mistress and mother of his son, to the disgust of her mother, Lady Elizabeth Boleyn, Countess of Wiltshire and Ormond . Anne eventually concurs to please her father and uncle. Anne's younger sister, Mary, marries William Carey, even though his family had asked for Anne's hand. While visiting the Boleyn estate, Henry is injured in a hunting accident, indirectly caused by Anne, and is nursed by Mary. While in her care, Henry becomes smitten with her and he invites her to court. With great reluctance, Mary and William agree, knowing what will be expected of her. Mary and Anne become ladies-in-waiting to Queen Catherine and Henry sends William away on an assignment. Separated from her husband, Mary finds herself falling in love with Henry. Rebellious Anne secretly marries the nobleman Henry Percy, who was engaged to Mary Talbot. Anne confides in her brother George, who is overjoyed and tells Mary. Fearing Anne will ruin her reputation by marrying without the king's consent, Mary alerts her father and uncle. They confront Anne, the marriage is annulled and she is exiled to France. Despite the scandal, the family's fortunes seem secure when Mary becomes pregnant. They receive a number of new grants and estates, so their debts are paid and Henry arranges for George to marry Jane Parker, but he despises her. When Mary nearly suffers a miscarriage, she is confined to bed until her child is born. Norfolk recalls Anne to England to keep Henry's attention from wandering to another rival. In her belief that Mary exiled her to increase her own status, Anne plans her revenge. Anne successfully campaigns to win Henry over. But she exacts this promise just after Mary gives birth to the much-anticipated son, Little Henry, making her victory hollow. Henry then has Mary sent to the country at Anne's request and shortly after her return, Mary is widowed. Anne encourages Henry to break from the Roman Catholic Church when the Pope refuses to annul his marriage to Queen Catherine, despite Henry's insistence that her marriage to his older brother was consummated. Henry succumbs to Anne's demands, declares himself Supreme Head of the Church of England, and gets Thomas Wolsey to annul his marriage to Catherine. Anne's schemes drive Henry to breaking point and in a fit of rage, he rapes her. Hurt and confused by the attack, a pregnant Anne must go through with the unhappy marriage to please her family and become the new Queen of England. Mary and Anne are reconciled and Mary stays with her sister at court. Despite the birth of a healthy daughter, Elizabeth, Henry angrily blames Anne for his failure to create a son. He begins courting Jane Seymour in secret, which doesn't help Anne's slowly crumbling psyche. After she suffers the miscarriage of a son, Anne begs George to commit incest with her to replace the child she lost, because if anyone found out about the miscarriage, she would be burned as a witch. George agrees, despite Mary's disapproval, knowing that it is Anne's only hope. He cannot go through with it, and they stop before anything happens. However, George's neglected wife Jane witnesses enough of their encounter to become suspicious. She reports what she has seen and both Anne and George are arrested. Despite the lack of evidence, the two are found guilty and sentenced to death for treason, adultery and incest. George is executed in front of a horrified Thomas. Distraught by news, Elizabeth Boleyn disowns her husband and brother, vowing never to forgive them for what their greed did to her children. Mary returns to court to plead for her siblings' lives. Believing that Henry will spare her sister, she leaves to see Anne right before the scheduled execution. The two sisters embrace and reconcile with one another and Anne asks Mary to take care of Elizabeth if anything should happen to her. Mary watches from the crowd as Anne makes her final speech, waiting for the execution to be cancelled as Henry promised. A letter from Henry is given to Mary, which reveals he has decided not to stop the execution and save Anne, and she is beheaded. The closing captions reveal that Thomas Boleyn died two years after the executions, disgraced and alone. Elizabeth Boleyn died a year after her husband while The Duke of Norfolk was later imprisoned in the Tower. The next three generations of his family – son, grandson and great-grandson – were all executed for treason. True to her word, Elizabeth Boleyn never saw or spoke to her husband and brother again. Henry's break from the Roman Catholic Church changed the face of England forever. Meanwhile, Mary married William Stafford and lived happily with him and their children away from the royal court for the rest of her life. Henry should not have been concerned about leaving England with a strong heir because, in fact, he had one: “an heir who would rule England for forty-five years and transform it into one of the most powerful nations in Europe. However, it was not the son he desired, but the strong red-haired girl Anne gave him: Elizabeth”."] ["A woman named Karen , who is suffering from a growing tumor on her neck, enters a hospital in San Francisco. After a series of X-rays, the doctors begin to think it is a living creature: a fetus being born inside the tumor. Eerie and grisly occurrences begin; the tumorous growth perceives itself&nbsp;– himself&nbsp;– to be under attack as a result of the X-rays used to ascertain its nature, which are starting to stunt and deform its development. The growth is actually an old Native American shaman; he is reincarnating himself through the young woman to exact his revenge on white men who invaded North America and  exterminated its native peoples. A second Native American shaman is contacted and hired to help fight the reincarnating medicine man, but the kind of spirits he can summon and control appear to be too weak to match his opponent's abilities."] [" When Mademoiselle Henriette Deluzy-Desportes , a French woman, starts teaching at an American girls school, she is confronted with tales and gossip about her, which have become common knowledge among her pupils. Provoked by them, she decides to tell them her life story. Mademoiselle Deluzy-Desportes once was governess to the four children of the Duc de Praslin  and his wife, the Duchesse de Praslin  in the last years of the Orleans monarchy in Paris. As a result of the Duchesse's constantly erratic and temperamental behavior, all that remains is an unhappy marriage. However, Duc de Praslin stays with his wife because of their children. Through her warmth and kindness, Henriette wins the love and affection of the children as well as Duc de Praslin - and the jealousy and hatred of the Duchesse de Praslin. The governess is forced to leave, but the Duchess has refused to give a letter of recommendation to any future employer. The Duc confronts her, but her invention of two alternate letters of opposing attitudes, which it turns out she has not written, or intends to write, enrage him and leads to her murder. The Duc de Praslin is in a privileged position; as a peer his case can only be heard by other nobles. He refuses to confess his guilt, or openly admit to his love for Henriette, but this is his means of protecting her as she is under suspicion of complicity in the murder of the Duchess. Ultimately the Duc takes poison to prevent himself confessing the truth to the authorities, but lives long enough to reveal it to another of his servants Pierre , a kindly old man who had earlier warned Henriette to escape from the de Praslin household. Henriette is released. Her French class is moved by the account she gives of her life. An American minister Henry Field , to whom Henriette had expressed a loss of faith while in prison, was responsible for recommending her for the post 'in the land of the free'. He proposes they marry, and Henriette accepts."] ['Marty Claridge  has just moved out to the West with her husband Aaron Claridge , who dies in a riding accident shortly after. Marty, expecting her late husband\'s baby and left with nowhere to go, is in need of a place to stay through the winter. With no other options, she accepts the arrangement offered by widower Clark Davis , who offers to give her a place to stay for the winter and provide her with the fare for the wagon train heading back East in the spring. In exchange, they agree to get married, as he wants her to provide a maternal influence for his young daughter Missie . The two do not live together as husband and wife but keep separate quarters. Initially, it is not an ideal arrangement for any of them, and at first Marty and Missie do not get along. Marty learns more about "Clark\'s God" than she ever dreamed, and as the winter season passes, they all start to feel more like a family, and finally Marty and Clark come to realize they\'re in love.'] ['Shortly after graduating from Columbia University\'s Graduate School of Journalism, Geralyn Lucas lands her dream job working for 20/20. Lucas is then diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 27 and has a dilemma - whether to have a lumpectomy or the potentially safer mastectomy. After consulting several doctors  and researching the operations she decides to undergo a mastectomy. Her subsequent chemotherapy treatment leads to tensions within her marriage but the couple stays together. She also has breast reconstruction. The final shot is of Geralyn cradling her child, something she feared she would be unable to do. Geralyn meets several "angels" in the story, people who have been in similar positions to her and are able to dispense good advice. The title refers to her belief that only confident women wear red lipstick.'] ['{{plot}} In 1821, Napoleon Bonaparte , after six years in exile on the isle of St. Helena, has a plan to escape. Switching places with lowly French deckhand Eugene Lenormand , Napoleon will make his way to Paris, at which time Eugene will announce the switch, allowing Napoleon to reclaim his throne. However, the plan quickly goes awry: the ship Napoleon is serving on abruptly changes its itinerary and docks in Belgium instead of France. Having to make his way to France by land , he is finally met at the French border by a loyal agent, Sgt. Bommell , formerly of the French Imperial Guard. Bommell gives him the name of another agent in Paris he can trust, Lt. Truchaut. Arriving in Paris, Napoleon is surprised to find that Truchaut has recently died. Passing himself off as an old comrade of the Lieutenant, Napoleon accepts the hospitality of Truchaut\'s widow, Nicole, whom everyone calls "Pumpkin" , and makes the acquaintance of her other lodger, Dr. Lambert  and her adopted young son, Gerard. The crucial flaw in the plan reveals itself when, back on St. Helena, Eugene decides he likes living in the relative luxury of Napoleon\'s exile, and refuses to reveal the switch. Napoleon\'s French entourage find themselves unexpectedly powerless, as Eugene stuffs his face with sweets, dictates his own bawdy version of Napoleon\'s official memoirs, and even manages to convince his British captors that he is the true Napoleon. With no news from St. Helena, Napoleon is drawn into Pumpkin\'s life. When her fruit-selling business is on the brink of failure, he applies his own talents for planning and organization, and the business becomes prosperous again. As affection develops between Napoleon and Pumpkin, Dr. Lambert, who had designs on Pumpkin himself, jealously searches for some kind of dirt on "Eugene." Going through his bedroom, Lambert is shocked to find a small cameo portrait of Napoleon\'s young son, and realizes who "Eugene" really is. On St. Helena, Eugene abruptly drops dead of some kind of stomach complaint . Quickly realizing that the dead man on the island is not Napoleon, the British garrison commander lays out their options: either they announce the fraud, and commit themselves to heinous punishment, or else they maintain that "what we have here is a dead emperor" and so everything is well. When "Napoleon\'s" death is announced throughout France, the real Napoleon abruptly remembers his original plan and announces to Pumpkin that it is time for him to take his rightful place on the French throne. To his fury, Pumpkin is horrified and dismisses him as a delusional lunatic, pleading with him that she loves Eugene, and hates Napoleon. With no loyalist agent in Paris to vouch for his identity, Napoleon finds himself an Emperor without an army, or a friend. He is reduced to going to Dr. Lambert, who he realizes stole the portrait, and demanding it back. When he demands to be told "who I am," Lambert retorts, "I will show you." In revenge for being beaten to Pumpkin\'s affections, Lambert lures Napoleon onto the grounds of a sanitorium, where it seems every patient is dressed up as Napoleon, and pretending to be him. Lambert withdraws, expecting the real Napoleon to be rounded up by the attendants, but a shaken Napoleon escapes the grounds by climbing over the wall, suffering a nasty cut on his hand from the chevaux de frise on top. Lambert drops the cameo down a sewer grate. Emotionally and physically exhausted, Napoleon returns home to Pumpkin\'s house. She lovingly tends his wounds, and whispers in his ear, "you are my Napoleon." While Gerard is looking at a pictorial account of Napoleon\'s life on a magic lantern, Napoleon tells him the story of what really happened. It seems that Gerard, if no one else, believes Napoleon\'s story. Deciding that he is happiest living a simple life with Pumpkin, Napoleon destroys all his mementos of his former life, except his old Imperial Guard uniform, which he leaves at the local military post as a gift for Sgt. Bommell, with a message that "Eugene Lenormand has moved on." An after-note states that Napoleon Bonaparte lived out the rest of his life in Paris and was buried next to Pumpkin; while Eugene Lenormand\'s body was brought back to Paris and interred in Napoleon\'s tomb.'] ['Runaway deals with the devastating and sinister consequences of allowing complex technology to run our lives. The film is set in the near future, where robots are commonplace – as much a part of everyday life as any other electrical appliance. Like other electrical appliances, they are prone to malfunctions. However, when a robot malfunctions, it could pose some form of threat to people and/or property. Such robots are known as "runaways". As runaways are somewhat more dangerous than the average damaged machine, they are not handled by the manufacturers\' support personnel but by local divisions of the police force trained in robotics. As the beginning of the film shows, the "runaway" squad, however, is treated as mostly an easy and unexciting assignment, often ridiculed. Sgt. Jack R. Ramsay  is a veteran police officer who joined the runaway squad after discovering his previously unknown acrophobia, which resulted in the death of a family at the hands of a man he let escape. After years on the job, however, Jack has found himself one of the profession\'s few real experts. His new partner, Karen Thompson , is bright and enthusiastic about the job, but he assures her there is little excitement involved. Mostly all it involves is flipping a switch. This changes when they find themselves handling an unforeseen problem – the first robot facilitated homicide. In the aftermath of dealing with a household robot murdering a family with a kitchen knife and somehow getting access to a handgun, Jack stumbles upon integrated circuits which not only override a robot\'s safety features, but direct it to attack humans. These devices are discovered to be not hacked chips, but created from a series of master templates, enabling them to be mass-produced. Despite being unable to learn anything productive from uncooperative informants who end up dead, Ramsay refuses to be deterred, and soon discovers the perpetrator is megalomaniacal and sociopathic genius Dr. Charles Luther . Luther, while working for a robotics defense contractor, developed a program that allows a robot to thermographically identify a human form amidst significant cover, and even differentiate between individual humans. Seeing the obvious profit potential in this program, he decided to kill his fellow researchers and sell the technology on the black market. After a botched attempt to arrest Luther, Thompson is left with an unexploded bullet in her arm which Ramsay successfully extracts. Fortunately the attempted arrest reveals information about one of Luther\'s weapons, smart bullets - miniature heat seeking missiles that lock onto an individual human target\'s unique heat signature, pursuing them wherever they run, even around corners. While investigating one of Luther\'s dead cohorts, Ramsay and Thompson come across Jackie Rogers , who is found to have once been Luther\'s lover, and now partner in crime. However, she double-crossed him and stole the circuit templates, intending to sell them herself. But she is scared now because she believes Luther will stop at nothing to kill her, unless he gets the templates. When Ramsay and Thompson create a ruse to transfer Jackie to safety, Luther attacks the police convoy with freeway-running robotic smart bombs. They discover that the bombs are locked in on a bug in Jackie\'s purse and manage to ditch it before the bombs exploded. Ramsay decides to make a public appearance with Jackie at a restaurant to draw Luther out, but Luther captures Thompson and wants Ramsay to exchange her for Jackie and the templates. Before making the exchange, Jackie tears some of the templates off and hands them to Ramsay, for insurance that Luther won\'t kill her. But Luther kills her anyway, discovers the template aren\'t all there, fires some of his smart bullets into the crowded restaurant and flees. In an attempt to get the missing templates, Luther hatches a plan to attack Ramsay. He enters the police station and uses the computers to discover everything about Ramsay\'s personal life, including his son. Once Ramsay discovers his personal information has been hacked, he and Thompson race to his home to find his personal robot damaged and his son, Bobby , missing. A phone call from Luther confirms he kidnapped Bobby and wants to exchange him for the missing templates. Ramsay then makes a deal with Luther to meet at an unfinished skyscraper for the exchange. Luther gets the templates and sends Ramsay\'s son down to street level in an elevator, awaited by a legion of assassin robots - spider-like robots no larger than loaves of bread which climb walls and ceilings to reach their targets, murder them by injecting acid into their veins, then explosively self-destruct, leaving no evidence. Thompson, despite agreeing not to interfere, arrives in time and slips past the spiders and helps Bobby stay above the reach of the robots. Luther turns on Ramsay with fury, firing smart bullets, but Ramsay turns on many of the automatic construction equipment, creating multiple heat sources which cause the bullets to miss the mark, and Ramsay uses this to get close to fight with Luther, hand-to-hand. After a pitched fight, Ramsay pushes Luther over the side, and the inventor lands on his back, in the midst of his robot spiders. Programmed to kill whoever came down from above, the robots rush Luther, injecting acid into his body in a dozen places. Ramsay and Thompson help Bobby down from above, and Ramsay cautiously approaches the seemingly dead body of Luther. Luther reaches up to grab Ramsay and screams, but falls back, dying while fire flares around him as the spiders self-destruct. Ramsay and Thompson embrace, then the film ends.'] ["The film covers several months in the life of the Nolans, an Irish American family living in the Williamsburg neighborhood in the borough of Brooklyn in New York City in 1900. Katie Nolan  is a hard-working housewife who scrubs the floors of her tenement building and collects rags for sale to a scrap fabric dealer to help feed her family. She's married to Johnny Nolan ([[James Dunn , an alcoholic and waiter who is a happy man and good father but unable to earn a living to support his family. The Nolans have two children, 13-year-old Francie  and 11-year-old Neeley . Katie's sister, Sissy , is a sassy, free-spirited woman who arrives in the late fall and announces she is getting a divorce and will soon be remarrying for the third time. This scandalizes Katie and ruptures her relationship with Sissy, but thrills the children . Francie is worried that the landlord has cut too many branches off the tree which grows in the tenement's courtyard, and it may die. But her father says that the cutting is necessary, and the tree will grow again. A police officer new to the force, Officer McShane , encounters Aunt Sissy and the children one afternoon and is enchanted by the beautiful Katie. A few days later, however, he realizes that the drunken Johnny is Katie's husband and is devastated to learn Katie is married. Francie wants to go to Miss McDonough's school, but it means lying about where the Nolans live. Katie is opposed, but Johnny convinces her to lie. Katie moves the family into a cheaper apartment in the building, angering her husband. Johnny believes she is merely being stingy, but then learns Katie is pregnant. Determined to get a job to support the family and keep Francie in school, Johnny leaves during a snowstorm to find work. Sissy, too, becomes pregnant, and she and Katie reconcile shortly before Christmas. Johnny goes missing for a week. Officer McShane then delivers the bad news that Johnny has died from pneumonia. Francie blames her mother for her father's death, but the birth of Sissy's baby and then Katie's daughter  help ease tensions in the household. Come spring, Sissy uses money that Johnny gave her back in December to buy Francie a bouquet of flowers for graduation day. Francie, who has bottled up her grief for months, finally breaks down. Officer McShane proposes to Katie  and Francie has her first date. Francie and Neeley think that Annie Laurie's life with McShane as a father will be much easier, but not nearly as much fun. The film ends as Francie sees the courtyard tree begin to grow again, just as her father said it would. The book is much lengthier than the film, and covers the time from before Francie is born until after she turns 16."] ["Now aging and ailing, one-time celebrated author Leonard Schiller has been forgotten by his readers, literary colleagues, and critics during the decade he has struggled to complete what he knows will be his final novel. When brash, ambitious Brown University graduate student Heather Wolfe approaches him with a request for access to his thoughts and recollections for the Master's thesis she hopes will reintroduce the public to his work, he initially refuses to cooperate. But the young woman is relentless, and he finally agrees to weekly meetings in which he slowly begins to open up to her as he reluctantly recalls his past. Slightly suspicious of Heather's motives is Leonard's daughter Ariel, a former professional dancer who supports herself by teaching yoga and Pilates. Rapidly approaching forty, Ariel has stopped using birth control with her boyfriend Victor without telling him about her determination to have a baby. When he learns about her plan, she ends their relationship, coincidentally at the same time Ariel's former lover Casey Davis returns to New York City after a five-year absence. He and Ariel had reached an impasse in their relationship because of his refusal to have a child, and as they begin to see each other again, he is quick to let her know his position hasn't changed. The film focuses on these four individuals and their evolution as they are thrust out of their comfort zones and into arenas that force them to examine their lives and decide how much they are willing to compromise and sacrifice their own desires in order to accommodate the demands of others."] ['In the year 3000, Earth has been ruled for 1,000 years by the Psychlos, a brutal race of giant humanoid aliens. The remnants of humanity are either enslaved by the Psychlos and used for manual labor or survive in primitive tribes living in remote areas outside Psychlo control. Jonnie Goodboy Tyler, a member of one such tribe, leaves his home in the Rocky Mountains on a journey of exploration. He joins forces with Carlo, a hunter, but both men are captured by a Psychlo raiding party and transported to a slave camp at the Psychlos\' main base on Earth, a giant dome built over the ruins of Denver, Colorado. Terl, the Psychlo security chief on Earth, has been condemned by his superiors to remain indefinitely at his post on Earth as punishment for an unclear incident involving "the Senator\'s daughter." Aided by his deputy, Ker, Terl devises a plan to buy his way off the planet by making a fortune using human slaves to mine gold in radioactive areas. Psychlos are unable to visit such areas due to the explosive interaction of the gas that they breathe with radionuclide particles. Terl selects Jonnie as his "foreman" for the project and gives him a Psychlo education using a rapid-learning machine. Terl gives Jonnie a party of slaves and a Psychlo flying shuttle and orders him to go out and find gold. After learning the Psychlos\' language, history, and myriad other educational forms from the rapid learning machine, Jonnie plots a human uprising against the Psychlos. He obtains gold from Fort Knox to satisfy Terl\'s demands, instead of mining gold as ordered. Jonnie and his followers find an abandoned underground US military base with working aircraft, weapons, fuel, and nuclear weapons. They use the base\'s flight simulators to train themselves in aerial combat. After a week of training, the rebels launch a mass uprising against the Psychlos using Harrier jump-jets and other weapons. Carlo sacrifices himself to destroy the dome over Denver, and the Psychlos inside suffocate in Earth\'s atmosphere, which they are unable to breathe. Jonnie captures a Psychlo teleportation device and uses it to teleport an atomic bomb to the Psychlo home world. The ensuing detonation causes the entire Psychlo atmosphere to explode, wiping out the planet. Ker and Terl survive on Earth but face different fates: Ker sides with the victorious humans, while Terl is imprisoned as a hostage within a vault in Fort Knox. The film ends with the humans in control of Earth but facing an uncertain future.'] ['Imaginative, impetuous, and wild Diana McFee  cannot wait for her adult life to begin. While awaiting the final days of high school in the lush springtime, Diana tests her limits with sex and drugs as her more conservative friend Maureen  watches with concern. Then the two teens are involved in a Columbine-like shooting incident at their school and are forced to make an impossible choice. The film mostly focuses on Diana’s adulthood . She leads an apparently normal life as an art history university professor. She has a daughter, Emma , and she’s married to the professor who once gave a speech in her school about the power of visualization, how one can shape one’s own future in this way. We learn, however, that she feels guilty about something that doesn’t let her sleep. One day she gets a call from Emma’s school. The nuns who run the school complain about her behavior. Later, at an ice cream parlor, Diana asks Emma not to hide any more as she is always doing. “You hate me,” Emma replies to her mother\'s reproaches. They leave the parlor abruptly and as they’re about to get into the car, Diana sees her husband, the professor, with another woman. She hesitates about confronting him and instead remains in the middle of the street where she is hit by a pickup truck. On her way to the hospital she imagines that blood is escaping from her body. However in fact she hasn’t been hurt by the accident. What is happening is that she is remembering the complications she had following an abortion in her high school days. The day of the 15th anniversary of the shooting, a memorial is held at the school. Diana drives in front of the school several times until she finally decides to stop and bring in some flowers. As she enters the school she’s asked whether she’s one of the survivors. She smiles and walks inside, first leaving flowers on some desks and then moving on to the rest rooms where one of the shootings took place. At that moment she gets a call from Emma’s school; Emma is missing. Diana is told that a pink piece of clothing has been found in the woods. She drives there and walks through the woods, shouting out her daughter\'s name. Emma appears before Diana’s eyes for a moment but then vanishes almost as soon as she has appeared. Back to the rest rooms in the school where Diana left the flowers. This is the place where she and Maureen were forced to decide which of them should survive. Maureen had offered herself first, but the shooter, Michael Patrick , asks Diana why it shouldn\'t be her; she agrees and asks to be killed. She is then shot and dies. All that we’ve seen earlier in the film is what Diana had dreamed her adult life would be like. Emma is the girl she never had, the girl that she aborted. As the film ends Diana is asked once again if she is a survivor and she replies "No" with a smile, with a sense of relief that she did the right thing by dying and having her friend live her life.'] ['Roger Ferris  is a CIA case officer in Iraq, tracking a terrorist called Al-Saleem . He meets Nizar, a member of the terrorist organization who is prepared to offer information in return for asylum in America. Despite his boss Ed Hoffman \'s objections, Ferris agrees to shelter Nizar. Nizar is used as a pawn to draw out the rest of his cell, when he is captured Ferris is forced to shoot him to prevent him from exposing Ferris\' identity. Furious at Hoffman\'s refusal to act on the information Nizar provided, Ferris and his associate Bassam  go to search a safehouse in Balad, Iraq, which Nizar had told them of. There, Ferris observes men burning records and attempts to bluff his way in, but is exposed. In the ensuing shootout and chase, Ferris and Bassam\'s vehicle is hit by an RPG. Ferris and some salvaged discs are rescued by helicopter but Bassam is killed in the explosion. Meanwhile, unknown terrorists plan to follow up off-screen bus bombings in Sheffield with more attacks in Manchester but blow themselves up when the police arrive at their house. Recovered from his injuries, Ferris is assigned to Jordan to continue searching for Al-Saleem, where he meets with Hani Salaam , head of the Jordanian General Intelligence Department. Hoffman finds an Al-Saleem safe house in Jordan and orders Ferris to surveil it. Simultaneously, Hoffman organizes another \'side operation\' via a local agency operative named Skip  and that he is to conduct an operation without Ferris\' knowledge. Skip employs the use of an agency asset, Ziyad Abishi who blows cover to a terrorist from the safe house, as he flees to inform his colleagues of their exposure, Ferris makes chase and kills him in such a place and manner that one might believe the death to be random. Salaam  corroborates the acceptance of killing by those whom remain at the safe house; and Ferris accuses Hoffman of running "side operations" which interfere and  undermine operational integrity of primary operation and tells Hoffman to stop. While going to the hospital to receive rabies shots for bites suffered during the pursuit and elimination of the terrorist, Ferris meets a nurse named Aisha , and he begins developing romantic feelings for her. The bombers strike again in an Amsterdam flower market, and kill at least 75 people. Having recognized one of the men living in the safe house as former small-time criminal Mustaffa Karami , Salaam takes Karami into the desert and coerces him into working for Jordanian intelligence, threatening to set him up as a collaborator if he does not co-operate. Hoffman asks Salaam to use Karami, but he refuses, believing a greater return will come later. Unknown to Ferris and Salaam, Hoffman tells Ferris\' CIA subordinate  to follow Karami and kidnap him. Karami escapes and notifies the terrorists in the safe house that it is being watched, and they abandon it. Ferris\'s partner is caught and Salaam accuses Ferris of having had knowledge of the move on Karami, and blames Ferris\'s duplicity with him for the destruction of the safe house. He exiles Ferris from Jordan. Ferris returns to Hoffman in Washington, and they devise a new plan to find Al-Saleem. Suspecting he is motivated more by pride than ideology, they stage a fake terrorist attack and set up Omar Sadiki , an innocent Jordanian architect, as its instigator, hoping Al Saleem will come out of hiding and attempt to contact him. Al-Saleem sees TV news coverage of the attack and takes the bait. Salaam invites Ferris back to Jordan and shares his suspicions that Omar Sadiki is a terrorist, though Ferris feigns ignorance. Ferris later tries to save Sadiki from being kidnapped by Al-Saleem\'s henchmen but fails and sees his partner nearly killed in the subsequent car crash. Under interrogation, Sadiki denies any knowledge of the attack though he is later found beaten and killed. Ferris goes back to his apartment and finds out that Aisha has been kidnapped. He desperately asks Salaam for help, admitting he fabricated Omar Sadiki\'s terrorist cell and the attack. Salaam refuses to help because of Ferris earlier having lied to him. Ferris offers himself in exchange to Aisha\'s kidnappers, and is brought to the middle of the desert, with Hoffman watching everything via a surveillance drone unmanned aerial vehicle. Ferris is surrounded by a group of SUVs, which circle him to create an obscuring dust cloud before picking him up. The dust cloud Hoffman\'s view, so that he cannot determine which of the SUVs, now headed in different directions, is carrying Ferris. Ferris is taken across the border to Syria where he is to be interrogated by Al-Saleem. When Ferris asks Al-Saleem about Aisha, he is told that someone has lied to him and that he has been double-crossed. Ferris tells Al-Saleem that there is an infiltrator  in his organization who works for Ferris, and that, by association, Al-Saleem works for Ferris. Al-Saleem does not believe Ferris, beats him, turns on a video camera and orders his execution. Salaam and his agents arrive at the last moment, saving Ferris\' life. Salaam visits Ferris in the hospital and reveals he had faked Aisha\'s abduction, and orchestrated Ferris\'s capture by Al-Saleem using Karami as a go-between. Having lost two fingers as well as the will to fight in this particular \'war\', Ferris goes off the grid and goes to see Aisha again.'] ['Middle school student Roy A. Eberhardt  has just moved to Florida from Montana. He is mercilessly teased and bullied. He is exasperated, but then makes the acquaintance of Beatrice "The Bear" Leep , and her stepbrother, "Mullet Fingers" . Meanwhile, the corrupt and ruthless CEO of a pancake company is attempting to construct a new pancake house on a nearby vacant lot. There is a problem however: a group of burrowing owls live on the site, and they will be killed if their habitat is bulldozed. The trio embark on a crusade to save the endangered animals. Fingers continually sabotages construction efforts on the site, while Roy is drawn deeper and deeper into the effort to save the owls. Meanwhile, Delinko , an incompetent police officer, is assigned to find out who is vandalizing the site; and Leroy \'Curly\' Branitt , an inept construction foreman, is trying to keep the construction schedule going, despite the presence of the owls. In the end, the trio reveals to Delinko and the rest of the town that there are burrowing owls on the lot. They then manage to get everyone to be quiet long enough for the owls to emerge, and the CEO is subsequently arrested by Delinko. The construction site eventually becomes an owl preserve. At the very end, Roy\'s parents decide to stay in Florida, Delinko finally gets to be a detective, Dana goes to military camp, Chuck Muckle does community service, and finally, Mullet Fingers and Roy pass a sign that says "The Dunes of Coconut Cove: Condominium development. 300 Luxury units coming soon!" They nod their heads, and walk off of the beach.'] ['West Texas in June 1980 is desolate, wide open country, and Ed Tom Bell  laments the increasing violence in a region where he, like his father and grandfather before him, has risen to the office of sheriff. Llewelyn Moss , hunting pronghorn, comes across the aftermath of a drug deal gone awry: several dead men and dogs, a wounded Mexican begging for water, and two million dollars in a satchel that he takes to his trailer home. Late that night, he returns with water for the dying man, but is chased away by two men in a truck and loses his vehicle. When he gets back home he grabs the cash, sends his wife Carla Jean  to her mother\'s, and makes his way to a motel in the next countyThe sign in front of Moss\' trailer park indicates its location in Sanderson, the seat of Terrell County. Del Rio is the seat of Val Verde County, approximately 120 miles  from Sanderson. where he hides the satchel in the air vent of his room. Anton Chigurh  is a hitman who has been hired to recover the money. He has already strangled a sheriff\'s deputy to escape custody and stolen a car by using a captive bolt pistol to kill the driver. Now he carries a receiver that traces the money via a tracking device concealed inside the satchel. Bursting into Moss\' hideout at night, Chigurh surprises a group of Mexicans set to ambush Moss, and murders them all. Moss, who has rented the connecting room on the other side, is one step ahead. By the time Chigurh removes the vent cover with a dime, Moss is already back on the road with the cash. In a border town hotel, Moss finally finds the electronic bug, but not before Chigurh is upon him. A firefight between them spills onto the streets, leaving both men wounded. Moss flees across the border, collapsing from his injuries before he is taken to a Mexican hospital. There, Carson Wells , another hired operative, offers protection in return for the money. After Chigurh cleans and stitches his own wounds with stolen supplies, he gets the drop on Wells back at his hotel and kills him just as Moss calls the room. Picking up the call and casually raising his feet to avoid the spreading blood, Chigurh promises Moss that Carla Jean will go untouched if he gives up the money. Moss remains defiant. Moss arranges to rendezvous with his wife at a motel in El Paso to give her the money and send her out of harm\'s way. She reluctantly accepts Bell\'s offer to save her husband, but he arrives only in time to see a pickup carrying several men speeding away from the motel and Moss lying dead in his room. That night, Bell returns to the crime scene and finds the lock blown out in his suspect\'s familiar style. Chigurh hides behind the door of a motel room, observing the shifting light through an empty lock hole. His gun drawn, Bell enters Moss\' room and notices that the vent cover has been removed with a dime and the vent is empty. Bell visits his Uncle Ellis , an ex-lawman. Bell plans to retire because he feels "overmatched," but Ellis points out that the region has always been violent. For Ellis, thinking it is "all waiting on you, that\'s vanity." Carla Jean returns from her mother\'s funeral to find Chigurh waiting in the bedroom. When she tells him she does not have the money, he recalls the pledge he made to her husband that could have spared her. The best he will offer is a coin toss for her life, but she says that the choice is his. Chigurh leaves the house alone and carefully checks the soles of his boots. As he drives away, he is injured in a car accident and abandons the damaged vehicle. Now retired, Bell shares two dreams with his wife , both involving his deceased father. In the first dream he lost "some money" that his father had given him; in the second, he and his father were riding horses through a snowy mountain pass. His father, who was carrying fire in a horn, quietly passed by with his head down, "going on ahead, and fixin\' to make a fire" in the surrounding dark and cold. Bell knew that when he got there his father would be waiting.'] ["Recently orphaned, Flora and Miles are abandoned by their new guardian  and entrusted to the care of housekeeper Mrs. Grose , governess Miss Jessel , and Peter Quint , the former valet and now gardener. With only these three adults for company, the children live an isolated life in the sprawling country manor estate. The children are particularly fascinated by Peter Quint due to his eclectic knowledge and engaging stories, and willingness to entertain them. With this captive audience, Quint doses out his strange philosophies on love and death. The governess, Miss Jessel, also falls under Peter's spell, and despite her repulsion the two embark on a sadomasochistic love affair. Flora and Miles become fascinated with this relationship, and help Quint and Jessel to escape the interference of disapproving Mrs. Grose. The children begin spying on Quint and Jessel's violent trysts and mimick what they see, including the bondage, culminating in Miles nearly pushing Flora off a building to her death. Mrs. Grose determines to write to the absent Master of the House in order to get both Quint and Jessel fired. The children are most distressed by this, and decide to take matters into their own hands to prevent the separation. Acting on Quint's assertions that love is hate and it is only in death that people can truly be united, the children murder Miss Jessel by knocking a hole in the boat she uses to wait for Quint , knowing that she cannot swim. Quint later finds Miss Jessel's rigid body in the water, but is given little time to mourn before Miles kills him with a bow and arrow. The film ends with the arrival of a new governess, presumably the one who features in The Turn of the Screw."] ['Edward Jessup  is a university professor of abnormal psychology who, while studying schizophrenia, begins to think that "our other states of consciousness are as real as our waking states."Invasion of the Mind Snatcher, a December 1980 review by Richard Corliss in Time Jessup begins experimenting with sensory-deprivation using a flotation tank, and he travels to Mexico to participate in what is apparently an Ayahuasca Ceremony, although his guide states that the Indigenous tribe they are meeting works with Amanita muscaria which they are collecting for next year\'s ceremonies. An indigenous elder was seen with Banisteriopsis caapi root in his hand prior to cutting Jessup\'s hand, adding the ingredient of blood. Immediately after consumption he experiences bizarre, intense imagery. The professor then returns to the U.S. with a tincture and begins taking it orally before each session in the flotation tank where he experiences a series of increasingly drastic psychological and physical transformations. Edward\'s mind experiments cause him to experience actual, physical biological devolution. At one stage he emerges from the isolation tank as a feral and curiously small-statured, light-skinned Primitive Man. In a subsequent experiment he is regressed into a mostly amorphous mass of conscious, primordial matter. It is only the physical intervention of his wife Emily which brings him back from this latter, shocking transformation in which he seems poised on the brink of becoming a non-physical form of proto-consciousness and possibly disappearing from our version of reality altogether. The experiments worsen, as Professor Jessup experiences episodes of involuntary spontaneous temporary partial devolution. This occurs outside of the isolation tank and without the intake of additional doses of the hallucinogenic tincture. His early reaction is more one of fascination than concern, but as his priorities gradually change due to Emily\'s determination to keep from losing him, he finally begins to act like someone who values his humanity.'] ['Paul Kersey  and his wife Joanna  vacation in Hawaii. They return to New York City, where Paul works as an architect. Joanna and their daughter Carol Anne  shop for groceries at D\'Agostino\'s Market. Three bloodthirsty hooligans  are creating havoc in the local grocery store. They catch Joanna\'s address after she asks that her groceries be delivered. They follow her to the apartment, burst in and trash the apartment. They search for money but find only $7. The hooligans then rape Carol and savagely beat Joanna, escaping scot-free. Paul\'s son-in-law Jack Toby  calls to tell him only that Joanna and Carol are in the hospital. After waiting impatiently, Paul is told by a doctor that his daughter is OK and that she was sedated and put to bed, but Paul is also informed that his wife has died. Devastated, he is told by police that the likelihood of catching the criminals is small. The next day, Paul\'s boss gives him an extended business vacation to Tucson, Arizona to meet a client, Ames Jainchill , who shows him the ropes. Paul witnesses a mock gunfight at Old Tucson, a reconstructed Western frontier town used as a movie set. At a gun club, Ames is impressed when Paul shoots near bulls-eye accuracy. Paul reveals that he was a "CO"  during the Korean War who served his country as a combat medic. Paul had been taught to handle firearms at a young age by his father, but after his father was killed in a hunting accident Paul decided to forswear the use of firearms for any purpose. After Paul makes substantial improvements to Ames\' plans for a residential development, a thoroughly pleased Ames drops him at the airport, slipping a little going-away present into Paul\'s bag. Back in Manhattan, his daughter is catatonic. Paul opens his suitcase and discovers that Ames\' "going-away present" is a nickel-plated .32 Colt Police Positive revolver. He pockets the gun and takes a stroll. Paul encounters a mugger, an ex-convict named Thomas Leroy Marston who attempts to rob him at gunpoint with a .38 Smith & Wesson Model 36 revolver. Paul shoots him with the revolver, killing him. Shocked that he just killed a human being, Paul runs home and throws up. But his vigilantism continues the following night, when he guns down three more men who are robbing a defenseless old man in a vacant alley. A few nights later, two muggers see Paul on a subway. They attempt to rob him at knife-point but Paul shoots them both with the revolver. The next scene has Paul then sitting in a sleazy Times Square coffee shop surrounded by prostitutes and assorted street people. He pays his bill to the cashier purposely revealing a wallet full of cash. He leaves followed by two thugs who have taken the bait. Yet again a robbery attempt is made. Paul shoots one but the other manages to stab him in his shoulder. As a wounded Paul stumbles off, the one who stabbed him gets away mortally wounded, dying at a hospital. NYPD Lt. Frank Ochoa  investigates the vigilante killings. His department narrows a list to men who have had a family member recently killed by muggers and who are war veterans. The public, meanwhile, is happy that somebody is doing something about crime. Ochoa soon suspects Paul. He is about to make an arrest when the District Attorney  intervenes and tells Ochoa to "let him loose" in another city instead. Ochoa doesn\'t like the idea, but relents. Paul shoots two more muggers before being wounded by a third mugger with a M1911A1 pistol at a warehouse. Hospitalized, he is ordered by Ochoa to leave New York, permanently. Paul replies, "By sundown?" Paul arrives in Chicago Union Station by train. Being greeted by a company representative, he notices a group of hoodlums harassing a young woman. He excuses himself and helps the woman. The hoodlums make obscene gestures, but Paul points his right hand like a gun and smiles, suggesting that his vigilantism will continue.'] ['Jennifer Peters  attempts to save her brother Roy, who has been abducted by a serial killer. The murderer is known as the Riddle Killer, or R.K., because of how he ties in riddles with his murders. Jennifer has recently written a book about the nature of serial killers, to which R.K. has taken offence. Jennifer follows R.K.\'s clues and finds Roy, but fails to save him as the car in which he is trapped explodes. Kevin Parson  is a seminary theology student. Kevin has recently completed the third draft of his thesis about the nature of good and evil. One day, he receives a phone call from R.K., demanding that he confess some unspecified sin, or his car will explode. He also tells Kevin a riddle: "What falls but never breaks? What breaks but never falls?"  Puzzled at what sin he means and the riddle, Kevin quickly escapes from the car before the explosion. He informs the police, among them Jennifer, but leaves out the part about the sin the killer demanded he confess, believing that the sin is what he did some time ago. Back at his home, he meets up with his friend since childhood, Samantha Sheer ([[Laura Jordan . They decide to try to figure out the mystery of the Riddle Killer, who continues to target him, and who appears to be somehow able to monitor Kevin in his own home. Kevin receives a threat against his childhood dog, and goes to the house of his Aunt Balinda , who abused him when he was a child. He fails to save his dog from a bomb. Kevin and Sam also find that his home has been broken into, and the papers of his thesis scattered around. They find a clue left by R.K. that a bus would be destroyed, and luckily manage to get everyone off in time. Sam and Kevin theorize who might have a grudge against him. Kevin remembers a boy from when they were children who tried to kill him. In self-defense, Kevin had locked him in a warehouse and left him to die. They conclude that he escaped, and is now R.K. Kevin confesses leaving him in the warehouse on television and apologizes, hoping to satisfy him and that he would now be left alone. However, R.K. insists that it is not sufficient and does not relent. Jennifer tries to research who the boy might have been, but she finds nothing. She also visits Kevin\'s Aunt Balinda, and finds that she has been keeping her husband and son Bobby in the dark about the entire world outside their home, and had done so to Kevin as well. R.K. leaves a bomb in another warehouse and lures Kevin and Sam in to try to stop it. He locks Sam in a room while her back is turned, and Kevin gets her out, but they do not have time to stop the bomb. Jennifer and the police arrive and investigate. Sam leaves, and Kevin insists on not cooperating with Jennifer, as the killer insisted on no police involvement, under threat of killing more people. Jennifer declares her resignation, saying that as she is no longer officially involved, she no longer counts. However, Kevin ignores her. Kevin finds another threat, this time to his Aunt Balinda. He rushes to try to save her. He finds Balinda tied up, and the Riddle Killer introduces himself as Slater .In the book, Slater\'s identity is given at the beginning. Sam finds a note by R.K. and is startled to see he has the same handwriting as Kevin. In a phone conversation, Jennifer and Sam talk about it, and how there was only one pair of footprints in the warehouse, and how Sam had never actually seen R.K. They realize that all the riddles were about opposites, like nightfall and daybreak, and R.K. might actually be essentially Kevin\'s "evil half." There is another threat, Kevin is told some clues that help him to know that a library building will be exploded as well, so Kevin and Samantha try to stop this incident from happening. Kevin almost died this time. After finding where Kevin went, Sam rushes to Balinda\'s house, and finds that the Riddle Killer, Slater, is real after all when she looks under the door and sees two pairs of shoes. Slater explains that he will have Kevin kill Balinda, then leave him to take the blame, as everyone will believe Kevin is the Riddle Killer. Jennifer arrives to find Kevin pointing a gun at himself. As it turns out, Slater and Sam are both figments of Kevin\'s imagination. Kevin had been traumatized by the treatment by Balinda, had imagined his friend Samantha and the boy with whom he had fought, and had subconsciously imitated the real Riddle Killer. Jennifer convinces Kevin of this, and his visions of Slater and Sam vanish.In the book, Sam herself convinces Kevin to open his eyes, and to see the creator. Kevin is devastated that his best friend is gone, but the professor assures him that Samantha will always be with him; she is him. Kevin had said that the real Riddle Killer was right in front of their eyes, and Jennifer discovers while examining his wall of clippings that the hot dog vendor who had supposedly been given a book by the killer to give to her is at the front of the crowd in a photo, holding a camera. When captured, he confesses that he hates copycats and had meant to kill Kevin for copying him. Kevin is sent to an institution, and Jennifer visits him there.'] ["{{plot}} Selina D'Arcey  is an 18-year-old blind girl living with her prostitute mother Rose-Ann  and drunkard grandfather Ol' Pa , who both work in a hotel, in a tiny apartment of a large city. She strings beads for a living, and spends her days cleaning the apartment, washing and ironing her mother's and grandfather's clothes, and preparing their supper. Her mother is abusive towards her, while her grandfather is mostly ignorant of Selina's mother's behavior. Selina lives an under privileged life with no friends, education or social life. One day Mr. Faber, for whom Selina strings the beads, takes Selina to a nearby park where she sits under a tree and starts stringing beads, when a caterpillar drops inside her back. She cries for help, and Gordon Ralfe , an educated and soft-spoken black man working in night shifts in an office, stops by to help her. Selina quickly befriends him and asks Gordon whether she is ugly . Gordon learns that she was blinded at the age of 5 when Rose-Ann threw chemicals on her while attempting to hit her husband. Gordon immediately develops sympathy and compassion for Selina. At a department store, he buys a pair of sunglasses to cover Selina's eye scars. Gordon feels even more sympathy for Selina when he offers her pineapple juice and she fails to recognize what that 'wonderful drink' was. She also tells him that she has never attended school, has been taught very little, and has never heard of braille. On returning home, Rose-Ann confronts Selina for not preparing dinner on time and slaps her. She also confiscates her glasses. The next day, Mr. Faber comes to the apartment and helps Selena find her glasses. He then takes her to the park, where she again meets Gordon. Seeing that she has only a few crackers for lunch, Gordon takes her to a restaurant, also teaching her how to navigate busy city sidewalks, tell directions by the sun, and find the restroom in the park. Gordon receives stares from white people for being with a white young woman. One day, Rose-Ann's friend and fellow prostitute Sadie realizes that Selina is young and can be useful in their business. Meanwhile, Selina is falling in love with Gordon and cries in the park when he is late showing up. Gordon gives her a lesson in how to shop for groceries and brings her to his house. Gordon's brother Mark objects to Gordon bringing a white girl home. Gordon explains that she is just a friend and needs help. Selina likes the music box that was given to Gordon by his grandmother Pearl. Selina tells him that she also had a friend named Pearl once, but that Rose-Ann forbade their friendship because she was black . She also tells Gordon that she knows what lovemaking is, as once she was raped by a man who was her mother's client. The next morning, Rose-Ann urges Ol' Pa not to take Selina to the park, and he agrees. Disheartened, Selina tries to navigate along busy city sidewalks to the park by herself, but fails and returns home. Meanwhile, a worried Gordon calls Mr. Faber, who sends his son to Selina and delivers Gordon's message to meet the next day. The son offers to take Selina to the park the next day. On meeting Selina there, Gordon teaches her how to use a pay telephone and gives her his number. They also share a kiss but eventually Gordon backs out. Mark, on finding Selina at their house again, gets angry at Gordon and tells him his interracial relationship is wrong. Meanwhile, Rose-Ann and Sadie decide to move to a new place, leaving Ol' Pa behind and taking Selina with them to force her into prostitution. Selina the next day finds herself abandoned at her usual place in the park during a thunderstorm, and panics until Gordon appears to lead her home. Rose-Ann sees her with him in the park and tells her that Gordon is black. In their apartment, hearing Rose-Ann insult Gordon, Selina loses her temper and fights with Rose-Ann. Rose-Ann beats her, and Ol' Pa comes to her rescue but gets beaten too. The next morning, Rose-Ann tells Selina that they are moving and will leave Ol' Pa behind. Selina refuses and offers to stay behind and look after Ol' Pa. In the meantime, Gordon has contacted a blind school which is ready to take Selina. While Rose-Ann is away, Selina runs away to the park and meets Gordon. She tells Gordon about the plan, and he assures her that she will be leaving for a school in 2–3 days. However, Selina wants to be with Gordon rather than going to school. Finding Selina missing from the house, Rose-Ann takes Ol' Pa to the park and confronts Gordon. Despite Rose-Ann's resistance, Gordon manages to take Selina away, and Ol' Pa stops Rose-Ann, telling her that Selina is not a kid anymore. At Gordon's house, Selina asks Gordon to marry her, to which Gordon replies that there are many types of love, and she will later realize that their relationship won't work. Selina tells him that she loves him, and realizes that he is black, and that it doesn't bother her. He then tells her they will wait one year to find out if their love will lead to marriage. Meanwhile, the school bus arrives to pick up Selina. They say their goodbyes, but shortly after she walks out the door to the bus Gordon remembers she forgot the music box and races down the stairs after her. He sees he's too late and that the bus is driving away and wistfully tosses the box in the air, catching it with a smile."] ["On a hot summer night in Provincetown, Momma Tillerman abandons her four children, thirteen-year-old Dicey, ten-year-old James, nine-year-old Maybeth, and six-year-old Sammy, in a mall. With only a change of underwear, a map, and nine dollars, Dicey, James, Maybeth, and Sammy take off on foot to Bridgeport where their nearest known relative, Aunt Cilla, lives. Along the way, Dicey struggles to care for and protect her siblings. After finally arriving at Aunt Cilla’s, Eunice, their cousin, tells them that Aunt Cilla had died last spring. Eunice consults Father Joseph, who decides that the children may stay but only temporarily. Eunice tells Dicey of Abigail Tillerman, their grandmother, who lives in Crisfield, Maryland, and gives them some money. Dicey decides to take her siblings to their grandmother's house, but upon arriving they realize they do not know where she lives. While stopping at a store, a woman tells them that Abigail doesn’t have a phone and is isolated clear out of town. Dicey decides to meet her alone, so she leaves James in charge of Maybeth and Sammy. After knocking on the door and getting no answer, Dicey goes around back to see Mrs. Tillerman sitting on the back porch. Dicey asks if she can do anything to help on the farm. Mrs. Tillerman silently marches back into the house before asking Dicey to join her Inside, she questions Dicey about her thoughts on death and other such morbid things. When realizes she needs to just get up and leave, Abigail tells Dicey that Eunice wrote to warn her the children would be coming and that she knows who Dicey is. However, she will not let the children stay. Dicey fires back, stating she doesn't want to stay. In the midst of the fierce conversation that ensues, Abigail begins to laugh and softens Dicey’s mood a little. Abigail and Dicey takes her boat to pick up the other children, and Dicey is scared when she doesn't see her siblings. Eventually, Dicey and Abigail find Sammy, who says James and Maybeth wanted to meet Abigail themselves and have already left. They return to Abigail's to find James and Maybeth just arriving. Over the next few days, the children help their grandmother around the farm and with the cooking and Abigail begins to warm toward them. However, Abigail tells Dicey she can't let the children stay with her as she is too old, has no money and fears making the same mistakes she made with her own children. She insists the children must go back to Bridgeport and arranges for them to take the morning bus. As they wait for the bus, defeated, Abigail realizes she wants the children to stay."] ["In 1957, J. C. Cullen is a small-town crapshooter who heads to Chicago, Illinois to seek his fortune. There he becomes the pawn of two high-rolling professional gamblers, Mr. and Mrs. Edwards. He later gets mixed-up in a revenge scheme cooked up by Lorry Dane, the embittered stripper wife of strip-joint owner George Cole. Before he knows what's happened, Cullen is embroiled in two torrid romances, one with Dane and the other with nice girl Aggie Donaldson; he also nearly loses his life by ending up in the middle of a deadly feud between Edwards and Cole."] ["The story tells the story of Harry Fabian , a two-bit hustler who dreams of the good life provided by money. He's tried a lot of go-nowhere schemes but he has what he believes is a chance of a lifetime. He plans to take control of the professional wrestling game from promoter and underworld boss Kristo  by manipulating him through his father, the retired wrestling superstar Gregorius ."] ['{{Expand section}} Two men return home to Indiana after they served time in the Army during the Korean War.'] ["In post-war London, aimless young married bisexual, Johnny, is sent to prison forcing him to entrust his beloved Alsatian dog, Evie, to the reluctant care of his down-trodden parents and older, middle-class former-lover and best friend, Frank. After a series of visits to Johnny's parents' home, Frank bonds with the dog whose mischievous spirit reminds him of his incarcerated friend. As it becomes apparent to Frank that Johnny's father is beating the dog, who is left for days on end in a small yard, a class war erupts over Evie's welfare, exacerbated by Johnny's manipulative and antagonistic wife Megan, whose sole aim is to claim Johnny back from Frank on his forthcoming release. A set of tragi-comic relationships evolve with the dog coming to represent the hold they have over each other."] ['Dr. Scott McKenzie  is a college professor and ardent fan of the gunslinger culture of the Old West. A year ago, McKenzie watched his wife and son die in a car crash caused by a drunk driver attempting to flee the police. With his friend, General Joe Brodsky , McKenzie attends an auction of Wild West memorabilia, where they agree to bid on a pair of steamer trunks and split the contents between them. As the auction is conducted, flashbacks show the items\' histories in the 19th century. At the time a man, Joseph Cole , is looking for a gunslinger who has a pair of distinctive ebony-handled pistols marked with stars. Some cowboys he encounters on the road point him towards the town of Crossfire, California. At the town saloon, he inquires about the man but is harassed by a trio of local thugs, one of whom shoots at him, hitting instead one of the trunks which Dr. McKenzie is bidding on in the present. Cole quickly shoots all three men dead, an event memorialized by a local photographer. In the present, McKenzie and Brodsky win the trunks at auction and McKenzie begins sorting through the contents, noticing the picture of the men who Cole killed. Under photo enhancement, McKenzie notices Cole in the background of the picture and identifies the gun Cole is carrying as a .357 Magnum from the 1980s. Despite this, chemical and spectroscopic testing indicates that the photograph is at least 100 years old. McKenzie becomes convinced that Cole is a time traveler. After writing up his findings, he is approached by a woman, Georgia Crawford , who claims to be working on similar ideas. Together they locate Crossfire in the present. When they split up to search the town, Georgia ducks into an old barn and removes a crystalline device which she uses to travel back to the 1880s. There she searches for Cole at a nearby river, but her horse is spooked by a rattlesnake. She dispatches the snake with a futuristic gun. Hurrying back to town, she is followed by Cole, who had observed her from afar. He arrives too late to stop her from traveling to the present, but he uses a device of his own to find out the time to which she traveled. In the present, McKenzie hears a noise and arrives at the barn just in time to see Georgia return from the past. When he confronts her, she admits to being one of a number of time travelers from the 26th century. Returning to McKenzie\'s home she explains that Cole is a renegade scientist from her time who she has been sent back to stop. She believes that Cole, who developed the time travel technology with her father, is intending to change history. Through research, Georgia and McKenzie determine that Cole is likely trying to kill Matthew Crawford, an adviser to President Grover Cleveland. The gunfighter who Cole is searching for, the mysterious "Star-Handled Stranger," was a gunslinger who crucially helped protect the President and his escort from bandits. Matthew Crawford was Georgia\'s ancestor and killing him would erase her entire family from history, including her father who had opposed Cole\'s desire to continue research on time travel. McKenzie and Georgia enlist Joe Brodsky\'s help in determining President Cleveland\'s movements, but before Brodsky can give them the information, Cole murders him and flees into the past. Finding a copy of the information, they discover that Cole is traveling back to July 11, 1886, when the mysterious "Star-Handled Stranger" helped save President Cleveland from a bandit attack. Traveling back in time to 1886, Georgia and McKenzie watch as the attack begins. When the Stranger arrives on the scene and tries to enter the attack, he is shot dead by Cole. McKenzie then takes the Stranger\'s signature pistols and rides towards the battle himself. Cole follows him. While McKenzie manages to kill the attacking bandits, Cole shoots Matthew Crawford. McKenzie then kills Cole in a one-on-one duel. Returning to the stagecoach, Georgia and McKenzie discover that Matthew Crawford was merely wounded. As the stagecoach drives off, Georgia and McKenzie return to the present where Georgia gives him a gift before returning to her own time. She is somehow able to send the knowledge of the death of McKenzie\'s wife and child back to his earlier self so that he is able to save their lives.'] ['Respected anthropologist James Krippendorf  and his wife, Jennifer ([[Barbara Williams , bring their three children along during their much-enjoyed search in New Guinea for a lost tribe. The search fails, despite the family\'s best efforts. After Jennifer\'s death back in the U.S., James falls into academic stagnation, having spent all his foundation grant money raising the children as a single parent. Scheduled to lecture at a college and fearful of being charged with misuse of grant funds, James concocts an imaginary tribe, the Shelmikedmu, using the names of his children as a basis. He later fakes a 16&nbsp;mm "documentary" film, casting his children as tribe members and superimposing footage of a legitimate New Guinean tribe so as to enhance the illusion. Anthropologist Veronica Micelli  contacts cable-TV producer Henry Spivey , forcing James to continue creating fraudulent footage as James\' rival Ruth Allen  becomes suspicious. Because he has described a culture unlike any other, Krippendorf\'s fraud becomes increasingly famous. James himself masquerades as a tribal elder, while his two sons, Mickey ([[Gregory Smith  and Edmund , create and enact increasingly imaginative rituals. Only the eldest child, James\' daughter Shelly, refuses to participate due to her disgust at the dishonesty perpetrated by her father. Taking advantage of her curiosity, James tricks Veronica into participating in his false documentary. When she discovers the truth, she is initially angry, but later helps James continue his fraud. Ruth Allen travels to New Guinea, discovering no tribe in the location specified by James. She transmits the news via fax to a colleague, who exposes James at a gala. James\' imaginative son, Mickey, improvises a lie, that the Shelmikedmu hide by means of a magical ritual known only to them. Unknown to the majority of the characters, Shelly has contacted the New Guineans befriended by her family during the futile search for the lost tribe, urging them to masquerade as the Shelmikedmu in order to disappoint Ruth Allen. The ruse succeeds, and the accusation of fraud is abandoned. James, relieved of his worries, ends his fraud. Because Veronica has become sexually involved with him during her participation in his deceit, she assumes the role of a mother toward the children, though she is not explicitly said to marry James.'] ['Felix Ungar  checks into a fleabag hotel room near Times Square, Manhattan and attempts to kill himself by jumping out the window, but he can\'t get the window open and ends up pulling a muscle in his back. Limping back on the street he tries to get drunk at a dance bar and ends up hurting his neck when he throws down a shot. Finally, he stands on a bridge, contemplating jumping into the river. Meanwhile, in the pig-sty Upper West Side apartment of divorced sportswriter Oscar Madison  on a hot and sticky evening, Oscar and his buddies Speed , Roy , Vinnie , and Murray the cop  are playing poker and discussing their friend, Felix Ungar, who is unusually late to the game. Murray\'s wife calls and tells him that Felix is missing. Oscar then calls Felix\'s wife who says she and Felix have split up. As they are discussing what to do, and worried that Felix might try to commit suicide, Felix arrives not knowing that his friends already know that his wife has kicked him out of the house. Felix eventually breaks down crying and his friends try to console him. Oscar then suggests that Felix move in with him, since Oscar has lived alone since he split up with his own wife, Blanche, several months earlier. Felix agrees, and urges Oscar to not be shy about letting him know if he gets on Oscar\'s nerves. Within a week, Oscar is going nuts. Felix is a neurotic, obsessive-compulsive nut, who runs around the apartment cleaning, picking up after Oscar, and berating him for being such a slob. He also refuses to have any fun, spending most of his time thinking about Frances. Felix at one point telephones Oscar at Shea Stadium telling him not to eat any hot dogs at the game, because Felix is preparing franks and beans for dinner; this distraction causes Oscar to miss seeing a rare triple-play at the Mets game on which he is reporting. The two men are shown bowling, shooting pool, and walking the city streets. Felix has a sinus attack, making loud obnoxious noises while seated in a coffee shop. Finally, after Felix drives everyone at the weekly poker game crazy, Oscar convinces Felix to lighten up and join him on a double-date with two English girls who live in the building &ndash; the Pigeon sisters, Cecily  and Gwendolyn , who actually "coo" when they laugh. As the date commences, Oscar tries to get Felix to loosen up by leaving him alone for a while in their living room with the two attractive, and somewhat frisky, sisters. Instead, he winds up talking about Frances, and breaks down weeping. When Oscar returns from their kitchen, the Pigeon sisters, one a divorcee, the other widowed, are sobbing as uncontrollably as Felix. Oscar cheers them up and they invite the boys upstairs for what should be a wild night. Instead, Felix, who realizes that he is still too attached to his wife, refuses to go, opting to wash his hair instead. Oscar joins the sisters in their apartment, but winds up spending the night telling them all about Felix. Furious about Felix\'s ruining the date, Oscar resorts to giving Felix the silent treatment and torturing him by messing up the apartment as much as possible. Felix retaliates by just being himself, driving Oscar insane with his endless cleaning and neurotic behavior. Eventually, the tension explodes into an argument that results in Oscar demanding that Felix move out. Felix complies, but leaves Oscar with a major-league guilt trip for having abandoned his still-in-need friend. Feeling awful about throwing Felix out, and not knowing where he has gone, Oscar assembles his poker buddies to search New York City for Felix in Murray\'s NYPD police car, which he\'s not supposed to use. After searching for hours, they return to Oscar\'s apartment to find out that Felix has moved in with the Pigeon sisters. Oscar and Felix apologize to each other, and realize that a bit of each has rubbed off on the other, with each being a better person for it. Oscar tells his friends to clean up their mess after the poker game is over, ending the film.'] ['Broadway, New Year\'s Eve, 1928. A muckraking reporter, Waldo Winchester, frames four major stories during the wild New Year\'s Eve of 1928. We meet the players in a diner. The Brain, a gangster with multiple girlfriends, is accompanied by a gambler named Regret  and an outsider who  is being treated to a meal. Feet Samuels . Feet plans to have one wild night before committing suicide, having sold his body in advance to a medical doctor. Harriet MacKyle, a sheltered but friendly socialite, makes arrangements with a smooth-talking fixer for a big party that night at her estate, where many of the players will later attend. She has an interest in the exciting but dangerous criminal element. A girl selling flowers comes in after Feet makes a full payment of a debt to the Brain, so the Brain offers $5 for a 25-cent flower, telling her to keep the change. But before he can leave, a hitman for the Brooklyn Mob stabs him. The wounded Brain tells his men to take him "home." Unfortunately, his many girlfriends refuse to allow him in for various reasons. Feet gets involved in a high-stakes craps game. With considerable luck, he wins a massive payoff of money and jewelry. Regret suggests they find another game, but Feet reveals his plan to kill himself. Regret tries to talk him out of it, but Feet, sworn to see his last promise fulfilled, is adamant. Regret dials up the reporter, who is now at MacKyle\'s party, and asks him to talk to Hortense  and get her to realize Feet is smitten with her. Hortense must try to persuade Feet that she wants to quit her life as a lounge singer, move to New Jersey and raise a family. Regret, meanwhile, continues to be the world\'s unluckiest gambler, but showgirl Lovey Lou is in love with him anyway.'] ['It is the dawn of the 20th century, and an elderly Chinese man rides a jackass into Abalone, Arizona, his only visible possession a fishbowl occupied by an innocuous-looking fish. This magical visitor, Dr. Lao , visits Edward Cunningham\'s  newspaper and places a large ad for his traveling circus, which will play in Abalone for two nights only. Though quiet, Abalone is not peaceful; wealthy rancher Clinton Stark  has inside information that a railroad is coming to town, and he is scheming to buy up the place while the land is cheap. Stark is opposed in this power grab by Cunningham, who is also romantically pursuing the town\'s librarian, Angela Benedict , a beautiful young widow still grieving the death of her husband. After doing some research, Cunningham visits the circus site which has sprung up at the edge of town, and confronts Lao with the fact that Lao\'s alleged hometown vanished centuries ago. Lao deflects Cunningham\'s questions. However, as Lao puts up posters around town advertising his circus, he is assisted by Angela\'s young son Mike , who learns that the mysterious wanderer is 7,322 years old. The circus opens its doors, and the townsfolk flock in. Along with the main cast, the gawkers include a shrewish wife and Mrs Cassan, a foolish widow who clings to her self-image of a young beauty. Lao uses his many faces to offer his wisdom to the visitors; only some of whom take heed of this advice. Mrs Cassan has, to her dismay, her dark future pretold by Apollonius of Tyana, a blind prophet who is cursed to tell the absolute truth, no matter how cruel and shocking it may be. Appollonius tells her she will never be married and will live a lonely, meaningless existence, having accomplished so little she might as well have never lived at all. Stark has a disquieting meeting with the Great Serpent, Mike befriends the pathetic Merlin and Angela is aroused from her emotional repression by Pan\'s intoxicating music. After Medusa turns the disbelieving shrew to stone, Lao calls an end to the proceedings and Merlin restores the now-reformed woman. Mike visits Lao and tries to get a job, displaying his novice juggling and conjuring skills. Lao instead offers some advice and observations about the world , which Mike doesn\'t understand, and Lao claims to not understand either. Meanwhile, Stark\'s two thuggish henchmen destroy the newspaper office. Cunningham and his pressman discover the devastation, go drown their sorrows, then stagger back to learn that the damage has been magically repaired by Lao. They rush out an abbreviated edition of the paper, which Cunningham delivers in person to Stark. The next night, Lao stages his grand finale, a magic lantern show in which the mythical city of "Woldercan," populated by doubles of the townfolk, is destroyed when it succumbs to temptation personified by Stark, . The show ends in explosions and darkness but as the house lights gradually come back up, the townsfolk find themselves now in a town meeting, voting on Stark\'s proposal. They reject it, and a redeemed Stark tells them about the coming railroad, while noting that they owe a debt of gratitude to Lao. A dust-storm blows up, and as the townsfolk scatter, Angela opens up to Ed, finally admitting that she is in love with him. Stark\'s henchmen, confused by their boss\' apparent change of character, in a drunken spree decide to trash Lao\'s circus. Unfortunately, they shoot at, and break, Lao\'s fishbowl. The inhabitant is revealed  to indeed be the Loch Ness Monster, which balloons to enormous size when exposed to the open air. After it chases the two thugs into the storm , reminding Mike that the Circus of Dr. Lao is life itself, and everything in it is a wonder.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie opens in 1964, during the Civil Rights Movement. In the night, Lily sees many bees in her room and tells her father, but T-Ray yells at her to go back to bed. Frustrated, Lily runs into their peach tree orchard and digs up a box she buried there. The box contains her mother\'s gloves, a small photograph of her mother, and a flat wood carving of the Black Madonna. While Lily lies staring at the stars and talking to her mother\'s spirit, she hears her father calling. He accosts her. As there is no one else, T-Ray takes Lily home. The next morning, Rosaleen, the housekeeper surprises Lily with a cake for her 14th birthday. As T-Ray enters, Rosaleen states that she is going to take Lily into town to buy her a training bra. Lily asks him to tell her about her mother as her birthday gift, but he says very little. When Rosaleen and Lily walk uptown, they are confronted by three racist men who insult Rosaleen. She is beaten up and arrested. After T-Ray and Lily get home, T-Ray grounds Lily to her bedroom and he and Lily argue. When Lily calls him a liar, he again tells her to stay in her room. Lily waits until he is gone before she writes a letter saying "People who tell lies like you should burn in Hell. Don\'t bother to look for me." After setting the note on the table, she grabs the bag she has packed and goes to the hospital "colored ward" to find Rosaleen. They run away to a town where Lily\'s mother was thought to have once lived, called Tiburon. They find a honey jar with the same picture of the Virgin Mary that Lily had. When they ask who made the honey, they are led to the house of August Boatwright and her sisters, May and June. May had a twin, April, who is revealed to have died during their childhood. Her condition makes her have difficulties distinguishing others\' problems from hers. She sees everyone\'s problems as her concern and she has difficulties coping with her "extra problems." Lily lies and says that she is an orphan, that Rosaleen is a nanny, and that they have no place to stay. August offers to let them help with the honey in exchange for shelter, much to June\'s dismay. Lily experiences growing up in their household. June has a boyfriend named Neil, who is trying to marry her, but she always refuses. Lily questions August as to why she uses "black" Mary pictures. She claims that she was sent by God to help African Americans have peace and equality. When Lily is introduced to the local church, Lily blacks out when the memories of the night her mother died begin to come to her. Lily discovers a wall outside of the house that has little pieces of paper stuffed between the holes. It was built for May after April died. August claimed that they were psychically linked to one another and were like a single person. After April died, May became very emotional and easily broken down by sad situations. She would write all the things that troubled her and put them into the wall. Lily and a boy named Zach who works with the bees become friends. On the ride to town to deliver honey, Lily confides in Zach the truth of their situation and the reason why she came to August. He gives her a notebook because she claimed to want to be a writer. They decide to watch a movie together but Lily sits in the "colored" section. This incites a racist mob who kidnap Zach and call Lily names for choosing to associate with him. Zach\'s mother and the Boatwright family are very worried and concerned. June and August decide not to tell May of Zach\'s disappearance for fear of what it would do to her fragile mental state. Incidentally, Zach\'s mother comes to the house to pray before the statue of the Black Madonna in the living room and runs into May afterwards. She confides in an unknowing May who subsequently goes into shock. It is later discovered that her upset and dismay led her to drown herself by placing a large rock upon her chest and lying down in a shallow section of the river by their home. She writes a suicide note to August and June, claiming that she was too tired of carrying the weight of the world on her shoulders, and that she would be much happier with her sister and parents in Heaven. Soon after her death, Zach returns, albeit bruised and distraught. After her funeral, August and June slowly begin to recover from their loss, with June even finally agreeing to marry Neil, whom she had broken up with in a fit of indecisive anger and fear. Lily shows August the picture of her mother, and August instantly recognizes her as Deborah, Lily\'s mother. As August and Lily discuss Lily\'s mother, Lily confesses that she, while trying to help her mother, wound up killing her. She also confesses her belief that Zach\'s disappearance was all her fault, as well, so she needs to leave, convinced it is best for everyone that she leave since she is unlovable and destroys all that she comes across. Lily breaks down crying and runs to the honey house, where she breaks several jars. August finds her and gives over the things that her mother left when she went back to get Lily, though Lily doesn\'t believe her. Lily receives her mother\'s old comb, pin, a piece of poetry, and a picture of her mother with baby Lily. This shows that Deborah did love her daughter.Soon after Lily meets with Zach and they start to talk about each others futures. Lily confesses she loves English and wants to become a writer as Zach confesses he wants to become a lawyer. They share a kiss and Zach gives her a necklace telling Lily to never forget their story and she smiles and say she won\'t. Later on, T-Ray comes to the Boatwright home looking for Lily. When he sees Lily wearing her mother\'s pin, he mistakes her for her mother for a second and proceeds to grab and drag her out of the house, all the while telling her she can\'t leave him. In a moment of panic, Lily calls him \'Daddy\', causing him to come to himself. Lily tells him she\'s staying there, and after August shows up to calm the scene and assure him they\'ll take care of her, he reluctantly gives August permission to take care of Lily for as long as she wanted to stay there. As T-Ray drives off, he admits that the day Deborah left, she wasn\'t only coming back for her stuff, but coming back for Lily. He says he lied because she wasn\'t coming back for him. Lily\'s voice-over states that she thought, as T-Ray drove off, saying "Good riddance", he was really saying "Lily, you\'ll be better off here with all of these mothers." Lily is shown writing the contents of the entire story into the notebook that Zach gave her, and she puts it in May\'s wall and is shown wearing Zach\'s necklace. She walks off into the honey house as the scene fades to black.'] ['After school, kids go to a local candy shop, where the owner Bill  serves chocolate to the kids . Charlie Bucket  stares through the window as he sings, saddened that he has no money. The newsagent Mr. Jopeck  gives him some money to buy a loaf of bread. On his way, he passes the chocolate factory of Willy Wonka , a local candy maker. A tinker  tells him  "nobody ever goes in, and nobody ever comes out". He brings the bread back to his Grandpa Joe , his widow mother , and his other three bedridden grandparents. That night, he tells Grandpa about the tinker and what he said, and Grandpa tells him about Wonka and how spies were trying to steal his life\'s work. He closed the factory, but three years later he started selling candy again, but is still unseen to this day. One day, the family, along with the rest of the world, learns that Wonka has hidden five Golden Tickets amongst his Wonka Bars. The finders of these special tickets will be given a full tour of his factory, as well as a lifetime supply of chocolate to the "winner". Charlie wants to take part in the search, but cannot afford to buy vast quantities of chocolate bars like other participants . Four of the tickets are found by: Augustus Gloop , a gluttonous German boy; Veruca Salt , a spoiled English girl; Violet Beauregarde , a gum-chomping American girl; and Mike Teavee , a television-obsessed American boy. As they find their tickets, a sinister-looking man is observed whispering in their ears, to whom they listen attentively despite their preoccupations with their particular obsessions. Charlie\'s hopes are dashed when news breaks that the final ticket had been found by a Paraguayan millionaire. The next day, as the Golden Ticket craze ends, Charlie finds a silver coin in a gutter and uses it to buy a Wonka Bar. Simultaneously, word spreads that the ticket found by the millionaire was forged and that one ticket is still about somewhere. When Charlie opens the bar, he finds the real golden ticket, and races home to tell his family, but is confronted by the same man who had been seen whispering to the other four winners. The man introduces himself as Arthur Slugworth, a rival confectioner who offers to pay Charlie a large sum of money for a sample of Wonka\'s latest creation, the Everlasting Gobstopper. Grandpa Joe gets out of bed to serve as Charlie\'s tour chaperone . The next day, Wonka greets the children and their guardians at the factory gates and leads them inside, requiring each to sign a contract before the tour can begin. Inside is a psychedelic wonderland full of chocolate rivers, giant edible mushrooms, lickable wallpaper and other ingenious inventions and candies, as well as Wonka\'s workers, the small, orange-skinned, green-haired Oompa-Loompas . As the tour progresses, each of the first four children ignore Wonka\'s warnings, resulting in serious consequences. Augustus is sucked through a chocolate extraction pipe system and sent to the Fudge Room, having fallen into a chocolate river from which he was trying to drink. Violet transforms into a giant blueberry after trying an experimental piece of Three-Course-Dinner Gum. Veruca is rejected as a "bad egg" and falls down a garbage chute in the Chocolate Golden Egg Sorting Room . Mike is shrunken to only a few inches in height after being transmitted by "Wonkavision", a broadcasting technology that can send objects through television instead of pictures. The Oompa-Loompas sing a song after each incident, describing that particular child\'s poor behaviour . While in Wonka\'s Inventing Room, the remaining children are each given a sample of Wonka\'s Everlasting Gobstoppers. Charlie also succumbs to temptation along with Grandpa Joe, as they stay behind in the Bubble Room and sample Fizzy Lifting Drinks. They begin floating skyward and are nearly sucked into a ceiling-mounted exhaust fan. To avoid this grisly fate, they burp repeatedly until they return to the ground. Wonka initially seems unaware of this incident. When Charlie becomes the last remaining child on the tour, Wonka dismisses him and Grandpa Joe and leaves for his office. When Grandpa Joe returns to ask about Charlie\'s lifetime supply of chocolate, Wonka irritably reveals that Charlie had violated the contract by sampling the Fizzy Lifting Drinks, and thus forfeited his prize, and Wonka furiously dismisses them. Grandpa Joe vows to give Slugworth the gobstopper in revenge. Charlie, however, cannot bring himself to hurt Wonka and places the gobstopper on his desk. Wonka recants and begs for his guests\' forgiveness. He reveals that "Slugworth" is actually an employee named Wilkinson, whose offer to buy the gobstopper  was all part of a morality test for the Golden Ticket winners, and Charlie was the only one who passed the test. The trio enter the "Wonkavator", a multi-dimensional glass elevator, and fly out of the factory in it. As they soar over the city, Wonka tells Charlie that his actual prize is not just the chocolate but the factory itself, as the Golden Ticket search was created to help Wonka search for an honest and worthy child to be his heir. Charlie and his family will reside in the factory and take over its operation when Wonka retires.'] ['After failing to qualify for the 1974 World Cup, England manager Alf Ramsey is replaced by Don Revie , the highly successful manager of Leeds United. Revie\'s replacement is Brian Clough , the former manager of Derby County and a fierce critic of Leeds, because of their violent and physical style of play under Revie\'s management. Furthermore, Clough\'s longtime assistant, Peter Taylor , has not joined him. The roots of Clough\'s conflict with Leeds are depicted as happening in a 1968 FA Cup match between Leeds, the leaders of the First DivisionThough Leeds were leading the table, they did not win the league that season, eventually finishing fourth. The eventual winners were Manchester City and Derby, who were struggling near the bottom of the Second Division. Clough, assuming Revie to be a similar man to himself, as they grew up in the same part of Middlesbrough and both played for Sunderland, made many preparations for the match; come the day of the match however, Revie failed to even acknowledge Clough upon entering the Baseball Ground. Derby eventually lost 2&ndash;0.Although Leeds did beat Derby 2&ndash;0 in the FA Cup that season, in reality the game was played at United\'s Elland Road ground. It was the second of three games between the two sides that season, the FA Cup tie being sandwiched between the two legs of a Football League Cup Semi-Final. Although Clough initially blames the brutality of the Leeds players, he and Taylor recognise that their side are not good on a technical level. So they sign veteran Dave Mackay , along with several other young players. Chairman Sam Longson  is extremely anxious about the investment, as well as the fact that Clough did not consult him before signing Mackay. However, in 1969 Derby are promoted. They once again face Leeds, only to lose 5&ndash;0. The club win their first ever League championship in 1972, meaning a European Cup campaign the following year. They go through to the semi-finals against Juventus. Unfortunately, against Longson\'s advice, Clough uses his best squad in the last match before the semi-final, against Leeds, purely out of pride and determination to beat Revie. They suffer injuries and Billy Bremner ([[Stephen Graham  sarcastically wishes Clough well for the semi-final. Juventus defeat them easily, and Clough publicly lambasts Longson.In fact, the match between Derby and Leeds took place before Derby\'s quarter-final match, which they won despite their injury list. Their eventual defeat by Juventus was with a nearly full-strength squad, and Clough blamed Juventus\'s gamesmanship, rather than Sam Longson for Derby\'s exit. Later that year, after Taylor suffers a heart attack, Clough tries to secure his position by offering up his and Taylor\'s resignations. To his horror, the club\'s board call his bluff, terminates their contracts and bans them from entering the Baseball Ground again . Derby fans\' outrage raises Clough\'s hopes of being reinstated, but Dave Mackay is appointed manager instead. Derby fans quickly lose interest and Clough loses all hope of getting his job back. He and Taylor are then offered jobs at Brighton & Hove Albion. They agree to take the jobs after taking an all-expenses-paid holiday in Majorca. During the holiday, Clough agrees to take control of Leeds after being approached by their representatives.The film shows him effectively reneging on his deal to take over at Brighton, although in reality he had nine relatively unsuccessful months as manager there. Taylor, however, argues the case for staying at Brighton, and after a bitter quarrel, the two go their separate ways. Back in the storyline\'s "present," Clough alienates his players in their first training session, first by telling them that they can throw away any awards they have won because they "never won any of them fairly," and then making them start with a 7-a-side game. The season starts with a Charity Shield match against FA Cup winners Liverpool, which is widely anticipated as both the final match of Liverpool manager Bill Shankly and Clough\'s debut as Leeds manager. Unfortunately, the event is marred when Leeds\'s captain, Billy Bremner gets into a fight with Kevin Keegan. Both are sent off, and in turn throw their shirts off and walk off the pitch bare-chested in defiance. Leeds lose the match on penalties, and Bremner is given a two-month suspension from football, forcing Leeds to start the season without their influential captain. As a result, Leeds suffer a horrendous start to the season and are in danger of relegation only one season after winning the title. After Bremner and the players air their grievances to the board, the club terminates Clough\'s contract - though he forces them to pay an enormous severance package. Afterwards, Clough agrees to do a final interview with Yorkshire Television, but finds Revie there to confront him, bringing the two face to face at last. Clough accuses Revie of being cold-hearted and fundamentally dishonest, both as a person and a football manager, and Revie in turn brands Clough as inflexible and egocentric. Clough brings up the incident in the 1968 FA Cup, and Revie claims to have not known who the rookie manager was at the time . After the interview, Clough drives down to Brighton to patch things up with Taylor. It involves Clough literally on his knees, grovelling at Taylor\'s dictation, but they reconcile. In the film\'s epilogue, the audience is told that Don Revie proved a complete failure as an England manager, and afterwards never worked in football in his home country again, spending the rest of his career working in the Middle East where he was accused of financial mismanagement. Brian Clough and Peter Taylor meanwhile reunited at Nottingham Forest, where he repeated his prior achievements with Derby by taking them up and winning the First Division, and this time bettered both Revie and his own spell at Derby by winning two European Cups in succession. The film ends by branding Clough "the best manager that the English national side never had."'] ["The film begins in November 20, 1969, 50 miles off Soviet waters. When the USS Acushnet dives under the ice, a young Ahab listens for enemy subs when suddenly he detects an unknown target. When the captain listens, he hears nothing, but Ahab insists in the presence of an emptiness. The target dives into a trench, but the captain abandons his search in favor of photographing the target. The target attacks the submarine as Ahab hears a roar. The sub is brought to the icy surface, and the target identifies itself as a gigantic, white, whale-like creature. Ahab survives, but loses his leg to the beast when it hauls the other half of the sub back underwater. In the present day, Dr. Michelle Herman  and her assistant Pip  test a whale song generator when the USS Pequod surfaces behind them and Lieutenant Commander Starbuck , the executive officer, persuades them to come aboard. In the sub, Starbuck tells them about several attacks in which eyewitnesses all report seeing an enormous whale. Although Michelle explains that the whale song generator needs a recorded whale vocalization, Captain Ahab  comes to the deck and gives her the recording he took of Moby Dick back in 1969. Although Michelle disagrees on joining a Navy sub with the intent of killing an animal, she has no choice. In San Diego, Captain Boomer  is told by his superiors of suspicious activity revolving around the Pequod. He is assigned to investigate, and thanks to a survivor from a recent attack by the White Whale, he comes to the conclusion that Ahab is on the hunt for Moby Dick. Meanwhile, the USS Essex is searching for the Pequod off Hawaii. When they go to active sonar, it attracts the attention of the wandering Moby Dick. The Essex engages at what appears to be the sub they were searching for, but realizes too late that their adversary is biological just before the sub is destroyed by a torpedo it shot. Later the Pequod comes to their location with no sign of the whale, but encounter the corpses of Essex crew. Rousing his crew with a speech, Ahab moves on to search for the beast. A helicopter in search of the Pequod encounters it while the sub is following a 600-foot target. As the helicopter engages them, the sub fires a nuke at the unknown target, but the confused helicopter crew tell them they shot a school of giant squid just before they are swallowed alive by Moby Dick. The whale then attacks the S.S. Rachel, a cruise liner, when the Pequod intervenes with Michelle's whalesong generator. This, although, causes the whale to attack them, subsequently destroying a fin on the Pequod. The sub fires a harpoon made from the Acushnets hull on top of Moby Dick's eye, which forces him to dive deeper, dragging the Pequod with it. As the water pressure begins to damage the hull, the line snaps and Starbuck forces the ship to surface. Moby-Dick surfaces too, and the Pequod, along with the help of Boomer in a helicopter, forces the whale into an atoll. The sub gets trapped in shallow water, and three boats are sent out to face the whale with guns and Ahab's harpoon. Moby-Dick destroys two of the boats and forces the survivors onto the island's shores. The whale attacks them again, resulting in the death of Queequeg . Ahab takes the last boat and fires his harpoon at the whale's other eye. Moby Dick destroys the boat, killing Ahab. The remaining crew of the Pequod, including Starbuck, and Pip, follow Ahab's orders and fire nukes at the island. Moby Dick dodges the nukes and crushes the Pequod just as the island explodes. The film ends with the White Whale surviving to wreak havoc another day, and with Michelle swimming to the surface just as a rescue helicopter arrives."] ['Tired of being rejected by the beautiful women he lusts after, Chuck Barris  moves to Manhattan to become an NBC page with dreams of becoming famous in television, but is eventually fired. He moves back to Philadelphia and becomes Dick Clark\'s personal assistant on American Bandstand in 1961. There, he writes the successful "Palisades Park" song and falls in love with a woman named Penny Pacino . Chuck is given permission to pitch the concept for The Dating Game at the American Broadcasting Company ; he receives $7,500 to create a television pilot for the studio. However, ABC abandons The Dating Game in favor of Hootenanny. One night after Barris is kicked out of a bar for fighting, he is approached by CIA agent Jim Byrd , who recruits him as an assassin. Returning from a mission in Mexico, Barris finds that Penny has become a hippie. Meanwhile, ABC decides to greenlight The Dating Game, and by 1967 the TV show is a phenomenon. Barris takes another mission for the CIA in Helsinki, Finland, where he meets gorgeous operative Patricia Watson . He finds more success back home when The Newlywed Game goes on air. He and Penny decide to move to Los Angeles into a house, but Barris is cautious of marriage, much to Penny\'s dismay. The journey in Barris\' life is tied in to the story of Thomas Carlyle\'s main character in Sartor Resartus, Teufelsdröckh, and this parallel is referred to throughout the film. In 1970, Byrd convinces Barris to go on another mission in West Berlin to assassinate communist Hans Colbert. There, Barris is introduced to German-American agent Keeler  and is held captive by the KGB for some weeks. In 1976 Los Angeles, Barris creates The Gong Show and becomes even more famous as its host; he is also criticized for lowering the general quality of television. Meanwhile, Keeler is murdered and Byrd warns Chuck of a mole in the agency. His TV shows are canceled due to poor ratings, and Penny threatens to leave him after catching him cheating on her. One night, Barris finds Byrd sitting atop the diving board of his backyard pool. Byrd reveals to Barris why he "fit the profile" of a CIA assassin, and mysteriously dies. Faced with the unpleasant truth about himself, Barris begins to spiral out of control. After almost having a nervous breakdown on his own show, Barris shuts himself away in a New York City hotel. Penny manages to find him there, and tries in vain to convince him to return to California to get married. Barris finally leaves his room and confronts Patricia in Boston. There, he finds that she is the mole Byrd warned him about. Barris kills Patricia and begins to write his autobiography, Confessions of a Dangerous Mind. He finally decides to marry Penny. After the ceremony, he confesses to her his double life as a CIA agent and assassin, but she merely laughs, assuming he is joking, and he decides not to correct her. In 2002, he prepares for an interview for the film adaptation of his autobiography.'] ['Captain Yossarian , a U.S. Army Air Forces B-25 bombardier is stationed on the Mediterranean island of Pianosa during World War II. Along with other members of his squadron, Yossarian is committed to flying dangerous missions, and after watching his friends die, he seeks a means of escape. Futilely appealing to his commanding officer, Colonel Cathcart , who keeps increasing the number of missions required to be sent home before anyone can reach it, Yossarian finds that even a mental breakdown is no release when Doctor Daneeka  invokes the "Catch-22" that the US Army employs. As explained, an airman "would be crazy to fly more missions and sane if he didn\'t, but if he was sane he\'d have to fly them. If he flew them he was crazy and didn\'t have to; but if he didn\'t, he was sane and had to." Trapped by the convoluted logic of the Catch-22, Yossarian watches as individuals in the squadron resort to other means to cope; Lt. Milo Minderbinder  concocts elaborate black market schemes while crazed Captain "Aarfy Aardvark"  even commits murder. Nately  falls for a prostitute, Major Danby  delivers goofy pep talks before each bomb run and Nurse Duckett  resorts to belting Yossarian once in a while. Following an attempt on his life, Yossarian flees the hospital and sets out in a raft, paddling to Sweden, a refuge for one of his other squadron mates who successfully escaped the madness.'] ["The plot concerns a lapsed Catholic, Marie Davenport , who is about to leave her husband Alex  for her lover, Daniel , when Alex is apparently killed in a boating accident and then seems to have risen from the dead. The film deals with Marie's dilemma in confronting this apparent miracle."] ['{{Plot}} High school teacher and writer Frannie Avery meets a student at a local bar, and when she heads to the bathroom sees a woman performing oral sex on a man. A few days later, Detective Giovanni Malloy questions her as he investigates the gruesome murder of a young woman, whose severed limb was found in her garden. They flirt despite the grisly nature of their introduction, and meet at the same bar later. Frannie is alternately thrilled and frightened by the detective\'s sexual aggressiveness, even as she grows more disillusioned with the attitudes and crude behavior of other men, including the detective\'s partner, Richard Rodriguez. Even as Malloy defends his partner, who can no longer carry a gun because he threatened his unfaithful wife, he promises he will do anything she wants except hit her. She leaves abruptly and is assaulted walking home, but calls Malloy and their affair begins that night. Frannie recognizes the detective\'s tattoo, from the man in the basement of the bar, and asks her sister Pauline if she would trust a man who got a blow job in a bar. Pauline says yes, but Frannie is still suspicious. After Malloy tells her that she and the first victim were in the same bar the night of the murder, and she might have seen the murderer, she begins to suspect that Malloy may actually be the killer, especially after a second victim is found. But later she goes with him to a woodsy spot by the water, where he scares her by shooting at garbage bags floating on the surface, then tells her she should learn how to shoot. She surprises herself by taking aim and shooting well, before they head back to the city. She finds her old boyfriend in her bed when she gets home, and goes back to her sister\'s apartment, where she finds the door open and Pauline\'s dismembered body. She is now more frightened of Malloy than ever, but goes home and gets drunk, and almost stumbles into bed with her student before throwing him out. Malloy\'s partner is outside watching as the young man runs out, and Frannie shouts out the window that Malloy should stay away from her. But he comes over and helps her clean herself up, and she can\'t decide if she should trust him. So she cuffs him to a pipe and makes love to him, and as soon as she is done he starts rattling the cuffs, demanding to be set free. She is fishing in his jacket for the keys when she finds the missing charms from her bracelet, which he claims he found and was planning to return to her. She suddenly becomes very suspicious of him, and he gets scared and yells at her. She finally tells Malloy she saw his tattoo in the basement of the bar when he was getting a blow job, and she runs out, stumbling right into his partner\'s arms. Frannie tells Rodriguez what she saw, and he says they need to sit down and talk, so she gets in his car. Malloy\'s screams from the window are ignored. Rodriguez drives her out to the GW bridge, telling her this is the place he goes to fish, and she says, "I teach that book, To the Lighthouse." But as soon as he locks the gate behind them she knows she is in trouble, and he shows her the tattoo on his arm, the twin of Malloy\'s. She realizes Malloy is innocent, then she slips on his jacket before Rodriguez takes her in his arms. She shoots him once with Malloy\'s gun but he tries to strangle her before she can shoot him again; they fall, and he dies. She walks, bloodied, back to her apartment and lies down in the arms of the exhausted Malloy, still cuffed to the pipe where she left him.'] ['Professor Grady Tripp  is a novelist who teaches creative writing at an unnamed Pittsburgh university . He is having an affair with the university chancellor, Sara Gaskell , whose husband, Walter ([[Richard Thomas , is the chairman of the English department in which Grady is a professor. Grady\'s third wife, Emily, has just left him, and he has failed to repeat the grand success of his first novel, published years earlier. He continues to labor on a second novel, but the more he tries to finish it the less able he finds himself to invent a satisfactory ending - the book runs to over two and a half thousand pages and is still far from finished. He spends his free time smoking marijuana. His students include James Leer  and Hannah Green . Hannah and James are friends and both very good writers. Hannah, who rents a room in Tripp\'s large house, is attracted to Tripp, but he does not reciprocate. James is enigmatic, quiet, dark and enjoys writing fiction more than he first lets on. During a party at the Gaskells\' house, Sara reveals to Grady that she is pregnant with his child. Grady finds James standing outside holding what he claims to be a replica gun, won by his mother at a fairground during her schooldays. However, the gun turns out to be very real, as James shoots the Gaskells\' dog when he finds it attacking Grady. James also steals a very valuable piece of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia from the house. Grady is unable to tell Sara of this incident as she is pressuring him to choose between her and Emily. As a result, Grady is forced to keep the dead dog in the trunk of his car for most of the weekend. He also allows James to follow him around, fearing that he may be depressed or even suicidal. Gradually he realizes that much of what James tells him about himself and his life is untrue, and is seemingly designed to elicit Grady\'s sympathy. Meanwhile, Grady\'s editor, Terry Crabtree , has flown into town on the pretense of attending the university\'s annual WordFest, a literary event for aspiring authors. In reality, Crabtree is there to see if Tripp has written anything worth publishing, as both men\'s careers depend on Grady\'s upcoming book. Terry arrives with a transvestite whom he met on the flight, called Antonia Sloviak . The pair apparently become intimate in a bedroom at the Gaskells\' party, but immediately afterwards Terry meets, and becomes infatuated with, James when Sloviak is unceremoniously sent home. After a night on the town, Crabtree and James semi-consciously flirt throughout the night, which eventually leads up to the two spending an intimate night together in one of Grady\'s spare rooms. Tired and confused, Grady phones Walter and reveals to him that he is in love with Walter\'s wife. Meanwhile, Walter has also made the connection between the disappearance of Marilyn Monroe memorabilia and James. The following morning the Pittsburgh Police arrive with Sara to escort James to the Chancellor\'s office to discuss the ramifications of his actions. The memorabilia is still in Grady\'s car, which has conspicuously gone missing. This car had been given to him by a friend as payment for a loan, and over the weekend Grady has come to suspect that the car was stolen. Over the course of his travel around town, Grady has been repeatedly accosted by a man claiming to be the car\'s real owner. He eventually tracks the car down, but in a dispute over its ownership the majority of his manuscript blows out of the car and is lost. The car\'s owner gives him a ride to the university with his wife, Oola, in the passenger seat, with the stolen memorabilia. Grady finally sees that making things right involves having to make difficult choices. Grady tells Oola the story behind the memorabilia and allows her to leave with it. Worried that Grady\'s choice comes at the expense of damaging James\' future, Crabtree convinces Walter not to press charges by agreeing to publish his book, "a critical exploration of the union of Joe DiMaggio and Marilyn Monroe and its function in American mythopoetics", tentatively titled The Last American Marriage. The film ends with Grady recounting the eventual fate of the main characters - Hannah graduates and becomes a magazine editor; James wasn\'t expelled, but drops out and moves to New York with Crabtree to rework his novel for publication; and Crabtree himself "goes right on being Crabtree." Grady finishes typing his new novel , then watches Sara and their child arriving home before turning back to the computer and clicking "Save."'] ['This film, together with La gloire de mon père, is set in the period between 1900 and the First World War in 1914. Following the summer holiday which features in La gloire de mon père, the family returns to Marseilles but Marcel still yearns for the hills. His wish is granted when they return for the Christmas holiday, much to Marcel\'s delight. Although only a few kilometers outside Marseilles the journey to the holiday home is time consuming as public transport takes them only a short portion of the way and the rest is a walk along a long, winding road. Marcel then tells of an encounter with a girl, Isabelle. He meets her whilst exploring the countryside of the Provence with Lili, and they plan to meet at her house in the future to play. On his first visit to her house, he meets her father and mother, who are both very eccentric. Isabelle herself is also a bit strange, always dressing up in different dresses, and demanding Marcel to dress up as a dog, a soldier, or other things at various times. When they play, Isabelle commands Marcel around to do various things. At one point, she tells him to close his eyes and open his mouth. She then feeds him a grasshopper. Lili and Paul, Marcel\'s younger brother observe this, and they report it to Marcel\'s father. He then forbids Marcel to continue meeting "with that crazy girl". Marcel later observes the departure of Isabelle and her family. One day, when travelling to their house, the family encounters one of Marcel\'s father\'s former pupils, who now works in maintaining a canal which runs from the hills into Marseilles. The canal runs across private estates and so he is issued with a key which allows him to pass through several locked doors along the towpath. The employee points out to the family that this is a shortcut which will allow them to reach their house in a fraction of the journey time and offers them his spare key. Marcel\'s father, being honest and upright realises that this would amount to trespassing. He nevertheless accepts the key after much persuasion from his family for use in an emergency. Despite his reservations, the family use the key more and more and the reduced journey time allows them to visit the holiday home every weekend. They still have an apprehension each time they unlock a door fearing they will be caught. As time passes, however, they encounter the owner of one property and the groundsman of another, who are friendly and quite happy that they cross their land. At the beginning of the summer holidays they make the journey again and Marcel\'s mother feels a great fear and trepidation of meeting the owner. When they reach the final door they discover it has been padlocked. They are confronted by the caretaker of the final property who has been watching them for some time and who decides to make an official report. Marcel\'s father is devastated, believing a complaint could damage his career prospects and he could possibly lose his job as a school teacher. The employees of the canal however, confront the caretaker threatening him with prosecution for having unlawfully padlocked one of the company\'s doors. The caretaker withdraws his complaint against Marcel\'s family and the matter is concluded. Unfortunately during the ordeal between the canal workers and the caretaker they take the padlock, put it around the gate, and give the key to his dog so he can\'t leave the estate. The epilogue mentions that uncle Jules hired a carriage for the family. The film jumps 5 years to the future, telling of the death of Marcel\'s mother. It also tells of Lili and Paul: Paul was a goatherd in the countryside of the Provence, until his sudden death at the age of 31. Lili is killed in 1917, during the First World War. Marcel is the only one left of their childhood company, now a successful film director. His company has purchased a large old house in the Marseilles area to turn into a film studio. When walking through the grounds he sees a familiar door and realizes that this is the last property on his childhood journey to his holiday home. In a burst of rage he picks up a rock and smashes the door and thus ends a bad spell.'] ["{{plot|dateAlternate endings An alternate ending used in the unrated cut of the film shows Amy driving away from the ruins, but this time the vines appear under the skin of her face and her eye fills with blood revealing she became infected with the vines as well. A second version of the scene plays out identically, but then cuts to a cemetery where a caretaker is walking among the headstones whistling Frère Jacques. He hears the same tune coming from Amy's grave. Around the headstone lie a few of the same red flowers, and as the caretaker reaches for one, the music surges and the scene cuts to black."] ['The plot is about Arthur Holmwood\'s efforts to cure the syphilis with which he was born and which killed his father. Arthur learns the truth soon after becoming engaged to Lucy Westenra. He contacts an occult group called the Brotherhood led by a man named Singleton. They say they can indeed clean his polluted blood, but at a price. Lucy\'s best friend is Mina Murray. Her fiancee, Jonathan Harker, has just passed his solicitor’s exams. Arthur hires his firm to convey several properties in England, with Jonathan himself to bring the documents to Count Dracula in Transylvania. Not long after Jonathan leaves, his boss is murdered and all documents about the transaction vanish. Singleton calmly admits to the deed, telling Arthur the "young man" will never return from Transylvania. In Transylvania, Jonathan meets Dracula, but survives only long enough to attract Dracula\'s attention to Mina. Energized by Jonathan\'s blood, Dracula is soon en route to England aboard the Demeter. A newly married Lucy watches the wreck of the ship as it arrives in a storm. With her is Mina, visiting Holmwood Castle in Whitby so the two friends can comfort each other. The Demeter seemingly contains nothing but its dead captain and some cargo. Mina and Lucy both meet a stranger, Count Dracula, at a nearby graveyard. Arthur, enraged to find Dracula in his home , finds himself powerless as Lucy suddenly falls victim to the vampire. Arthur\'s old friend, Dr. Seward, suspects Arthur is somehow involved when he refuses to take Lucy to the hospital and forces Seward at gunpoint to give her a blood transfusion. Lucy dies and Seward is convinced Arthur is in some sense guilty. Seward investigates and finds the Chelsea home of the Brotherhood, where Singleton and others have been murdered. In the basement, surrounded by crosses made of twigs, he finds Van Helsing living like an animal, insisting they must flee at once. Having escaped, Van Helsing explains that he was employed as a folklorist by the Brotherhood to investigate vampires. He found one, and was released with a message to the Brotherhood. The vampire would come to them if invited but wanted property. Frightened of what happened to Van Helsing they sent an innocent  and locked Van Helsing away. Seward confronts Arthur and the truth comes out. As the three go after Lucy , Dracula manages to get to Mina as she lets her cross slip. He is about to bite when Arthur stakes and kills his now-undead bride. Dracula feels it, allowing Mina to escape. Mina now joins them as all four go to Singleton’s home. In the cellar, they confront Dracula who brutally kills Arthur by tearing his head off. Seward manages to stake Dracula from behind. Van Helsing panics, asking if he got the heart and Seward confirms he did. The vampire melts away. The film ends with Van Helsing returning to Holland, pleased with their victory. He bids Seward and Mina farewell. Mina has said her final goodbye to Jonathan, with a hint that she may have a future with Seward. One of London\'s countless beggars looks up as the two of them pass, revealed to be the withered Dracula of the beginning.'] ['The story follows one Hazel Motes, who returns to the South after being away. Learning his family has left his home, he decides to be a minister and con man. Only a small number of people know what he is doing.'] ['At a small college, Quaid and his friend Stephen do a "Fear Study" as a school project, recording people talking about their greatest fears. Quaid however is quite insane and wants to take the fear to \'the next level\'. Quaid had seen his parents killed by an ax murderer as a child; this is his greatest fear and he wants to learn what makes others afraid and what it takes for them to overcome their fear. Stephen\'s brother had died while drunk-driving, and Stephen wonders if his brother would still be alive if he had driven instead. Cheryl, who is the project\'s editor, was molested by her father as a little girl. He worked at a meat-packing plant and smelled of meat while molesting her; to this day, she can\'t stand the smell of meat and refuses to eat it. Quaid kidnaps her and locks her in a room with a huge piece of beef. After about a week, she finally eats the entire piece of rotten beef. Joshua is a student whose his fear is becoming deaf again because he temporarily lost his hearing after a childhood accident. The following night, Quaid knocks him out and fires a gun next to his ears, shattering his eardrums and leaving him deaf again. Abby, another student, has a dark birthmark covering half her face and body, which she doesn\'t want anyone to see, terrified of being teased or shunned because of it. Quaid sets up video footage of her stripping naked before sex on every TV on campus, showing her naked and covered in birth marks. Humiliated, Abby fills her bathtub with bleach and starts scrubbing off her skin with a Brillo pad. Stephen finds her naked and bleeding and gets her to the hospital. He then goes after Quaid with a fire ax. Joshua follows him, assuming Stephen and Quaid are working together. When Stephen confronts Quaid, he is knocked out and awakens tied to a chair. He manages to break free but runs into Joshua, who stabs him with the fire ax. Quaid shoots Joshua, killing him, and watches Stephen die from the ax wound. He drags the body to a room in the basement, where Cheryl is. He throws Stephen\'s body in along with a switchblade and says, "Let\'s see how hungry you have to be to get through that". He leaves her crying with Stephen\'s dead body with only a matter of time before she starts eating his flesh from hunger.'] ['A sophomore majoring in engineering, Yusef  seeks living quarters with fellow Muslims after a year in the godless dorms. He moves—rather improbably, given his conservative nature—into a building inhabited by various punky misfits  wrestling with their cultural and religious identity. Or, as red-mohawked guitarist Jehangir  puts it, their "mismatching of disenfranchised subcultures." Others include ever-shirtless skateboarding wild man Amazing Ayyub , spike-haired stoner Fasiq  and brawny, glowering Umar , the would-be moral enforcer in a houseful of rebels against Koranic strictures. Sole female in residence is Rabeya , who wears a head-to-toe burka yet is full of ideas that might be considered blasphemous.'] ["The Thomsons are a working class family living in Toronto during the Great Depression. Parents, Thomas Thomson  and Francie Thomson  struggle to provide for their children, Willa , Arthur , Beatrice   and Jakey . 11-year-old Beatrice 'Booky' Thomson is showing her strength in reading and spelling, and has been asked to tutor Georgie Dunlop , an older sixth grader. This thrills Booky, as she has a crush on Georgie and hopes he will ask her to a school dance. But after Georgie gives her a strange gift, she begins to re-evaluate her feelings toward him. Booky's older sister Willa Thomson, has a part time job as a librarian. While at work, Willa meets and is attracted to Russell , a medical student. With her senior year in high school beginning, and even though she knows her family cannot afford it, Willa gives thought toward attending medical school after she graduates. Arthur has an artistic aptitude, and though his parents are supportive of his dreams, his father encourages him to consider a more stable profession, which places a strain on their father-son relationship. Booky goes to the dance with Georgie. He turns up late and surprises her. He kisses her and that's all she talks about."] ['In 1926, Machinist\'s Mate 1st Class Jake Holman  transfers from the Asiatic Fleet flagship to the Yangtze River Patrol gunboat USS San Pablo.  Life aboard a gunboat is very different. It has a labor system – condoned by officers – wherein coolies  do the work, leaving the sailors free for combat drills and idle bickering. The coolie laborers\' "rice bowl"  is derived from doing the work that the sailors would normally do. Because he personally enjoys taking care of ships\' engines, Holman bucks the "coolie" system, overseeing the operation of the power plant himself - thereby antagonizing not only the chief engine-room coolie, Chien, but his ship-mates as well. Holman\'s "connection" with the engine is conveyed when he personally introduces himself to the apparatus during his first trip to the ship\'s engine room. Although he becomes close friends with one seasoned and sensitive seaman, Frenchy , most of the other members of the crew see Holman\'s attitude as a threat to their cushy arrangement, and accuse him of being a Jonah. Holman discovers a serious defect that the coolies have not fixed. Holman informs the Captain , who declines to authorize an engine shutdown for the repair. Only after the Executive Officer observes the same problem and declares an emergency, does the Captain agree. The chief engine-room coolie, Chien, after insisting upon taking Holman\'s place in the dangerous crank pit, is accidentally killed when the jacking gear slips due to its poor condition. The chief coolie, Lop-eye Shing, blames Holman, who maintains that the death was caused by the deceased coolie\'s own poor work, not by ghosts in the machinery. Holman asks the Captain to allow him to run the engine room properly, but is ordered to train a replacement coolie and concentrate on his military duties. Holman selects Po-han ([[Mako  as the replacement and invests time training him. The two form a friendship. Po-Han is harassed by one sailor , leading to a boxing match on which the crewmen place bets. Po-Han\'s victory leads to more antagonism between Holman and crew members, as well as the chief coolie, who wants to kick Po-Han off the ship but is foiled by Holman. An incident involving British gunboats  leads to the Captain ordering the crew not to fire on, or return fire from the Chinese, to avoid diplomatic incidents. Po-Han is sent ashore by the chief coolie . Po-han is captured and tortured by a mob of Chinese in full view of the crew, only yards from shore. With the crew poised to repel boarders, and under intense pressure, the Captain attempts to negotiate for Po-Han\'s release with offers of American money; his efforts are fruitless. Po-Han begs for someone to kill him. Holman disobeys orders and ends Po-Han\'s suffering with a fatal rifle shot. The San Pablo is stuck in port at Changsha for the winter due to low water levels. It must deal with increasingly hostile crowds surrounding it in numerous smaller boats. The Captain fears a possible mutiny. Frenchy has saved a Chinese woman, Maily , from prostitution by paying her debts. He marries her and sneaks off the ship regularly, but dies of pneumonia one night. Holman searches for him and finds Maily sitting stunned by Frenchy\'s corpse. Kuomintang  burst in, beat up Holman, and drag Maily away. Holman returns to the ship. The next day, several Chinese float out to the San Pablo in small boats and demand the "murderer" Holman be turned over to them. Apparently, the nationalists killed Maily and blamed Holman, trying to provoke an incident. Holman informs the Captain what really happened. When the Chinese demand for Holman is refused, they blockade the San Pablo. The American crew fears for their safety and demand that Holman surrender to the Chinese against the Captain\'s orders. Order is not restored until the Captain fires across the bow of one of the Chinese junks. With spring at hand, the Captain decides to risk an attempt to leave. The San Pablo sails away from the Kuomintang blockade and receives radioed orders to return to the coast. The Captain defies these orders and elects to evacuate idealistic missionary Jameson  and his school teacher assistant Shirley Eckert  from their remote mission up the Yangtze River. To reach the missionaries, the San Pablo must fight through a boom made up of junks carrying a massive rope blocking the river. The San Pablo returns their fire and boards one of the junks. Close-range fighting results in the deaths of several sailors and Chinese. Holman heroically cuts the boom with an axe under fire while other sailors return to the San Pablo. He is attacked and kills a Chinese man with the axe. It turns out that the man, the leader of a Nationalist student group, was known to Holman as a student of Eckert. The ship then proceeds upriver, leaving the smoking wrecks behind. Arriving near the mission, the Captain leads a patrol of three sailors, including Holman, ashore. Jameson resists rescue, claiming that it is the Captain\'s actions that have endangered him, not the Chinese. Jameson shows the Captain a document claiming that he and Eckert have renounced their US citizenship and are therefore not under the Captain\'s authority. The Captain tells him the paper will not matter. The Captain orders Holman to forcibly remove Eckert and Jameson, but Holman refuses the order and announces his intent to stay at the mission with them. The Captain tells Holman angrily that this is desertion. The argument is interrupted by nationalist soldiers who attack the mission and kill Jameson with paper in hand as he approaches them pleading for his life. The Captain takes a large Browning Automatic Rifle , orders the patrol to return to the ship with Miss Eckert, and remains behind to provide covering fire. As the patrol leaves, the Captain is killed, ironically leaving the normally rebellious Holman in command. Holman returns and recovers the rifle. He orders the remaining two sailors to leave with Eckert and takes the Captain\'s place to cover the escape. In the ensuing shootout Holman kills several soldiers before he himself is fatally shot just before he can rejoin the others. His final words are, "I was home... What happened? What the hell happened?!" Eckert and the two remaining sailors are shown successfully escaping to the ship, and the San Pablo is shown cruising off to apparent safety.'] ["In the early 1970s, Henry DeTamble is in a car accident with his mother that results in her death. Henry survives by inadvertently time traveling back two weeks earlier to the scene. Moments later, Henry is helped by an older version of himself, who has also traveled back. Unable to control the timing or destinations of his traveling, Henry finds himself drawn to significant people, places, and events in his life but is incapable of changing events beyond the minor differences his presence creates. In 1991, Henry meets Clare, who is overjoyed to see him although he is actually meeting her for the first time. Clare explains that she has known Henry for most of her life and that he is her best friend. They begin a relationship, which is challenged by Henry's disorder. His sporadic time traveling is further complicated by the fact that he is completely naked when he arrives at his destination, and from a young age he has learned how to pick locks and steal in order to acquire clothes and survive his travels. Among his getaways are many visits to young Clare; from present-day Clare's diary he gets a list of dates when he visited her, and gives those to young Clare so that she can be waiting for him with clothes. Falling in love, Henry and Clare eventually marry, though he actually time travels away before the ceremony and an older version of himself arrives in time to step in. Henry's disappearances take their toll on his relationship with Clare. His disorder allows him to win the lottery by having the numbers in advance, but also makes having a child with Clare seemingly impossible, as Henry's genes cause their unborn fetuses to time travel. After numerous such miscarriages, Henry has a secret vasectomy to end their suffering. Clare soon gets pregnant one last time — by a visiting younger version of Henry — and is able to carry the baby full term. Henry travels forward in time before the child is born and meets their daughter Alba as a preteen; she tells him that she is a time traveler, too, but has increasing control over when and where she travels. She also tells Henry that he will die when she is five, a fact that Henry keeps from Clare upon his return to the present. Young Alba is visited sporadically by her preteen self, who ultimately tries to prepare the younger girl for Henry's death. A devastated Clare soon finds out what is to come. Later, Henry time travels and is shot by Clare's father as he hunts; he returns in time to die in Clare's arms. A younger Henry later visits Alba and Clare, giving Clare hope that he will visit again, but he tells her not to spend her life waiting for him."] ['The film opens in St. Louis on Lutie Cameron\'s  wedding day. As she dresses, she receives a telegram from her fiancee Col. Brewton  ordering her to board the train for Salt Fork, New Mexico to marry him there instead. The first person she meets in the town is Brice Chamberlain , who warns her that she is bound for unhappiness with Brewton. He takes her over to the courthouse where she witnesses Brewton testifying against a settler who had tried to stake a claim to part of Brewton\'s cattle ranch. Back at his ranch, Brewton takes her out to see the sweeping plain of grass and explains how he had settled it, fighting with the Indians for the land and making it fit for ranching. He opposed the settlers because he knew the land did not get enough rain to sustain farming. Lutie struggles to see what Brewton sees in the grasses, but she tries to make the most of her new home. She convinces Brewton to allow a family of settlers onto the ranch, because she had befriended one of them. Brewton warns her that the settlers will not last more than six months, due to some unforeseeable, but certain, circumstance. When Lutie visits the settlers as they build their sod house, she is surprised to see Chamberlain. He is visiting the settlers because he helped them file their claim on Brewton\'s land. He rides with Lutie on her way back home and confesses his attraction to her. Lutie similarly confesses her ongoing struggles to adapt to her new home and her husband\'s emotional distance. Lutie gives birth to a daughter, Sara Beth. During a great blizzard, the settlers are alarmed by the sound of Brewton\'s cattle near their house. Fearful for his wheat crop, knowing its destruction would spell the ruin of his farm, the man runs out of the house with his rifle to scare off the cattle. When they stampede, he shoots one of the cows, and he also hits one of Brewton\'s workers, who were busy trying to herd the cattle in the storm. The rest of the ranch hands severely beat the man. His pregnant wife wades out into the storm to help him inside. The exertion makes her lose the baby. When Lutie learns of the incident with the settlers, she races out to their house, but they refuse to see her. With the crop and their baby lost, they are broken and concede the land to Brewton. Brewton takes the news in stride, telling Lutie that he had warned her something like this would happen. Furious at his callousness, Lutie decides to leave Salt Fork for a while. She goes to Denver, and she is planning to return to St. Louis when she runs into Chamberlain. The two have a discreet affair, which convinces Lutie that it would be a mistake to leave Brewton. Back at Salt Fork, she gives birth to a boy named Brock, and she continues her struggle to find a place in Brewton\'s world. Chamberlain successfully lobbies for a Federal District Court in Salt Fork, and he wins election as a judge, presiding over all land disputes. Brewton knows that this will mean a steady stream of settlers on his land. As he arms himself and his men to ward off the settlers, Lutie pleads with him to reconsider. In the abandoned sod house, as Brewton prepares his ammunition, he gets Lutie to confess to the affair with Chamberlain. She agrees to leave, but Brewton refuses to let her take the children. Back in St. Louis, she consults a lawyer who tells her that if she will admit in court that Chamberlain is Brock\'s father she could win custody of her son, but she would certainly lose custody of Sara Beth. Convinced it would do more harm than good to fight, Lutie stays away. She returns after two years in a futile attempt to reconnect with her children, who do not recognize her. Chamberlain tries to get her to fight for Brock\'s custody so they can run away together as a family, but Lutie admits that she does not have enough love for Chamberlain to marry him. As the years pass, the town doctor keeps Lutie informed about her children through letters. On his deathbed, he chides Brewton for being too emotionally distant from Lutie and driving her away. After his death, Chamberlain takes up the correspondence with Lutie, acknowledging that he expects nothing in return. He shares his concerns that Brock has grown into a reckless young man, too endowed with charm and luck to take responsibility for his actions. For years, Brock has endured taunts from the townsfolk about his real father, but the truth has never been acknowledged outright. During a card game, his opponent begins referring to Brock only as "judge", invoking Chamberlain\'s profession. Brock is baited into a fight, and when his opponent draws his pistol, Brock shoots him in the stomach. Once he is bailed out of jail, he returns home and blithely confesses what happened to his father and his sister. His father insists that he must return to town and stand trial. In private, Brock confesses to his sister that he could not stand to see his father put through a trial because it would bring up the reason for the fight, humiliating him all over again. Brock decides to flee, and the sheriff pursues him with a posse. Brewton decides to go after him, once Sara Beth tells him why Brock skipped bail. Brewton comes upon a cabin where the posse is exchanging gunfire with Brock who is holed up inside. Brewton walks into the cabin, but Brock has already been fatally shot. Having read in the newspaper that Brock was on the run, Lutie is returning to Salt Fork on the train. Just before it arrives, she receives the news that Brock has been killed, and she decides to keep traveling to San Francisco later that night. In town, she sees Brewton escorting Brock\'s body to the church, and she hides herself so as not to be seen. Sara Beth visits her in her hotel room and warns her not to see Brewton, because it would only stir up more trouble than she could stand. Lutie says that she was not planning on seeing anyone, and she tells Sara Beth that she is pleased to know that at least Brewton will have his daughter at his side to love him. Sara Beth breaks down and invites her mother back to the house where she reconciles with Brewton.'] ['The plot, which is based on events covered by several chapters of Brown\'s book as well as other sources, revolves around four main characters: Charles Eastman né Ohiyesa , a young, mixed-race Sioux doctor educated at Dartmouth and Boston University, who is held up as proof of the success of assimilation; Sitting Bull , the Sioux chief who refuses to submit to U.S. government policies designed to strip his people of their identity, their dignity and their sacred land, the gold-laden Black Hills of the Dakotas; Senator Henry Dawes , an architect of government policy for allotment of Indian lands to individual households to force adoption of subsistence farming; and Red Cloud, whose decision to make peace with the American government and go to a reservation disturbed Sitting Bull. While Eastman and his future wife Elaine Goodale , a reformer from New England and Superintendent of Indian Schools in the Dakotas, work to improve life for Indians on the reservation, Senator Dawes lobbies President Ulysses Grant  for more humane treatment of the Indians. He opposes the adversarial stance of General William Tecumseh Sherman . The Dawes Commission http://www.archives.gov/genealogy/heritage/native-american/dawes.html|Commission to the Five Civilized Tribes , 1893-1914 develops a proposal to break up the Great Sioux Reservation to allow for American demands for land while preserving enough land for the Sioux to live on. The Commission\'s plan is held up by Sitting Bull\'s opposition. He has risen to leadership among the Sioux as one of the last chiefs to fight for their independence. Dawes, in turn, urges Eastman to help him convince the recalcitrant tribal leaders. After witnessing conditions on the Sioux reservation, Eastman refuses. The prophet Wovoka  raised Western Indian hopes with his spiritual movement based on a revival of religious practice and the ritual Ghost Dance; it was a messianic movement that promised an end of their suffering under the white man. The assassination of Sitting Bull and the massacre of nearly 200 Indian men, women and children by the 7th Cavalry at Wounded Knee Creek on December 29, 1890 ended such hopes. Henry L. Dawes\' wanted to increase the cultural assimilation of Native Americans into American society by his Dawes Act  and his later efforts as head of the Dawes Commission. During the 47 years of implementing the Act, Native Americans lost about 90 million acres  of treaty land, or about two-thirds of their 1887 land base. About 90,000 Indians were made landless. The Implementation of the Dawes Act disrupted Native American tribes\' communal life, culture, and unity.{{cite book}}Gibson, Arrell M. Gibson. "Indian Land Transfers." Handbook of North American Indians: History of Indian-White Relations, Volume 4. Wilcomb E. Washburn & William C. Sturtevant, eds. Washington DC: Smithsonian Institution, 1988. pp. 226–29'] [' Four lifelong friends from the Boston neighborhood of Charlestown—Doug MacRay, James "Jem" Coughlin, Albert "Gloansy" Magloan, and Desmond "Dez" Elden —rob a bank. They take the manager, Claire Keesey, hostage but release her without harm. Doug follows Claire to prevent Jem from eliminating her as a witness, but a romance grows between them which he hides from the gang. As they grow closer, Doug tells Claire of his search for his long-lost mother, and how he imagined she went to live with his aunt in Florida. He also blew a chance to be a professional hockey player for a life of crime. She tells Doug about seeing a tattoo on one of the robbers, and he realizes she can identify Jem and send them all to jail. He knows that Jem will kill her if he realizes the truth, and he persuades her that the authorities cannot protect her either so she decides not to tell the police. But Doug is increasingly disenchanted with his criminal lifestyle and the lies he has to tell. FBI Special Agent Adam Frawley surveils the gang and recognizes their ties to local crime lord Fergus "Fergie" Colm, who has another robbery planned for them. During a visit to his father Stephen in prison, Doug reveals his plans to leave Charlestown and go to Florida. Stephen ends the visit by telling his son, "I\'ll see you again, this side or the other." The gang\'s next robbery in the North End of Boston goes awry, and the gang barely escapes. Frawley interrogates the gang, but fails to get any confessions and is forced to release them. Doug asks Claire if she will go away with him, and she agrees. Grasping at straws, Frawley wiretaps Claire\'s phone when he learns she quit her job and threatens to prosecute her as an accomplice after he realizes she is seeing Doug. Shocked to discover her lover was one of her assailants, she decides to help Frawley. Meanwhile Fergie and Jem are pressuring Doug about the next job, but Doug is determined to get out despite all his old loyalties. Fergie finally threatens to kill Claire, and reveals to Doug how he controlled his father by making his mother an addict, which led to her suicide. Doug gives in, but swears he will kill Fergie if anything happens to Claire. At Fenway Park, Doug and Jem enter disguised as Boston police officers, nab $3 million in cash, and prepare to escape in an ambulance disguised as paramedics. But Doug\'s ex-girlfriend, Krista , threatened by Frawley, reveals enough for the FBI to surround Fenway before the gang gets out. Caught in a firefight with S.W.A.T, Dez and Gloansy are killed, while Doug and Jem slip out in their police uniforms. Frawley spots Jem, and they exchange fire, but Jem is wounded and determined not to go back to prison , so he rushes the police and is gunned down. Doug sees it all but knows he cannot save Jem and walks away. Knowing he\'ll never escape as long as Fergie is alive, Doug kills Fergie and his bodyguard and calls Claire to ask her to come away with him to Florida. Watching from across the street, Doug sees the FBI is there as Claire tells him to come over, but eventually she gives him a cue to warn him away. Doug flees, donning an MBTA uniform and escaping from Boston by driving a bus. Later, Claire finds a bag buried by Doug in her community garden containing money, a tangerine and a note from him suggesting she can make better use of the money than he can, ending with, "I\'ll see you again, this side or the other." Claire donates the money, in memory of Doug\'s mother, to refurbish the local ice hockey arena that Doug once played in. And from the deck of a small house, Doug looks out over the water, alone, seemingly safe in Florida.'] ['Two police officers knock on the door of a home and a drunk man answers. This man is Rip Porter, and he lives at the house with his wife Wendy Porter. The police say they are checking in on a domestic disturbance, and when they walk upstairs, they find Wendy injured by Rip\'s hand. They then arrest Rip, and he spends the next seven years in prison. It is unknown that if domestic assault was Rip\'s only crime, but he is an alcoholic and may have had a prior criminal record. Seven years later, Rip is released from prison and Wendy picks him up to take him home. Rip has changed in prison, he is now sober and has taken anger management courses. Not long after returning home, Rip talks to Wendy about starting a family. Wendy has kept a secret from Rip since he went to prison, and tells Rip of this secret; that she gave birth to a son after Rip went to prison, and Rip is the father. She tells him that she gave the baby up for adoption, and the couple who adopted him are the Campbells who live in Florida. Rip is immediately driven to regain custody of his son, and has a right to do so because he never signed the adoption papers. Jack and Molly Campbell enjoyed an idyllic life with Wendy and Rip\'s son, Joey, and love him very much. One phone call shatters their world when they learn that Rip Porter has just been released from prison and discovered a loophole in the adoption papers and now lays claim to his son. When a judge upholds Rip and Wendy\'s claim and Molly and Jack learn they must give Joey over to them, they are distraught at the fact that they can no longer keep the son they have raised. At first, Jack Campbell tries every legal avenue he can find. He speaks with a lawyer about the possibilities of keeping Joey, but his lawyer tells him that there is nothing he can do. Jack then contacts a congressman friend of his, but the congressman also tells him that his hands are tied and there is nothing he can do to help them. As a last resort, Jack travels to Ohio and tries to offer Rip money in exchange for Rip legally signing Joey over permanently to Jack and Molly. Rip refuses, and gets in a physical altercation with Jack. There are no charges pressed against Rip because Jack would also go to jail for violating the court order and for trying to bribe Rip. Jack and Molly have no choice but to allow Joey to visit his biological parents, Wendy and Rip Porter. Joey\'s first visit with Wendy and Rip goes exceptionally well. Rip has been working hard on preparing his home for Joey, and when Joey arrives, they work on building a tree house together. Wendy and Rip are grateful to have an opportunity to spend time with their son, and when Joey returns home to Jack and Molly, he excitedly tells them of his trip. However, Joey\'s second trip to Rip and Wendy\'s does not go well. After Rip\'s confrontation with Jack, he started drinking again, most likely due to the stress of the situation, he could no longer control his repressed alcoholism. Whenever Rip instructs Joey to go to the bathroom and take a shower, Joey refuses. Rip is at first patient, but Joey\'s constant refusal to wash up eventually causes Rip to lose his temper. He takes Joey to the bathroom forcibly, and while not intentionally doing so, he accidentally puts a bruise on Joey\'s arm. Before Joey leaves for Florida, Wendy tells him about making a wish by blowing on a dandelion, and Joey does so. After he leaves, Wendy tells Rip that she arranged to have Joey spend an extra week with Jack and Molly before he permanently returns to them. This upsets Rip, and in anger, he hits Wendy. When Joey returns home, he shows his bruise to Jack and Molly, and tells them what happened and they are very upset about this, and make a decision. Molly\'s sister and her husband had been inviting Jack and Molly to join them on a church mission trip to Haiti. Jack and Molly decide to take advantage of this invitation by telling Molly\'s sister that the courts have decided to send an investigative commission to the Porter\'s home before Joey can return there. Molly claims that a friend of Jack\'s, a congressman, has helped to arrange this. Molly\'s sister is suspicious of this, and calls the congressman. He proves her suspicions correct when he states that he has not helped Jack and Molly. Jack, Molly, and Joey travel to Haiti with Molly\'s sister and her husband. Jack has arranged for himself, Molly, and Joey to fly out of Haiti to another country, therefore running away from the possibility of having to send Joey back to the Porter\'s. However, Molly\'s sister called Allyson Bower, the child services agent in charge of Joey\'s case, and told her about the situation. The Haitian police force was notified and they stopped Jack before he could drive the family to the airport. The Campbells are returned to the United States and they meet with Allyson Bower. She tells them that Wendy Porter is there to see them. Before this, Rip and Wendy reconciled at their home. Rip felt tremendous regret for the way he had treated Joey and Wendy, and it is shown that he will continue to receive help and guidance for his alcoholism and anger problems, in the hope of becoming a better man. Wendy tells the Campbells that Rip never meant to hurt Joey, but that he is not ready to be a father. Jack apologizes to her for trying to bribe Rip and asks her to express his condolences to Rip. Ultimately, Wendy agrees to give Joey over to them permanently and signs a revised adoption paper, which Rip had also signed. They realize that the Campbells truly love Joey and cannot live without him even though he isn\'t biologically their child. Wendy and Rip still love him, but they realize that living with the Campbells is the best option for Joey right now, and as Wendy tells Joey goodbye, she expresses that she hopes that she and Rip can have a relationship with him when he grows older. They hug, and Joey returns to Jack and Molly. The last scene in the movie shows Jack, Molly, and Joey sailing on Jack\'s boat, with Joey steering.Plot Summary for "Like Dandelion Dust"'] ['The story takes place in Edwardian England. Three families represent three social classes: the Wilcoxes are wealthy capitalists, the class that is displacing the aristocracy; the Schlegel sisters represent the enlightened bourgeoisie; and the Basts are in the lower middle class.  The film asks the question \'Who will inherit England?\' and answers it through the ownership of the house, Howards End, as it passes from person to person. At the start of the film, the younger sister, Helen Schlegel , rashly becomes engaged to the younger Wilcox son, Paul. The next day both realise their mistake and break it off, but Helen has told her older sister, who tells her family. Her Aunt Juley  arrives at Howards End and so makes the Wilcox family aware of the engagement. Later, when the Wilcox family takes a house near to the Schlegels in London, the sister, Margaret Schlegel , feels compelled to visit because of the social embarrassment of the previous year. She befriends the mother, Ruth Wilcox . Ruth is descended from English yeoman stock and it is through her family that the Wilcoxes own Howards End, a house which she loves dearly and which is the symbol of rural England and English tradition. Over the course of a few months, the two women become close friends, and Ruth sees in Margaret a kindred spirit. Hearing that the lease on the Schlegels\' London house is due to expire, and knowing she is soon to die, Ruth bequeaths Howards End to Margaret. This causes great consternation for the Wilcoxes, who refuse to believe that Ruth was in her "right mind" or intended her home to go to a relative stranger. The Wilcoxes burn the piece of paper that Ruth\'s bequest is written on, and decide to keep her will secret. Because he knows that he has prevented the Schlegels from finding a home in Howards End, Henry Wilcox  offers to help Margaret find a new place to live. As a result, the two become close and Henry proposes. Margaret accepts. The Schlegels befriend a young, poor, yet intellectual clerk, Leonard Bast . Wishing to improve his lot, they pass along advice from Henry that Leonard should leave his post because his company is heading for a crash. Leonard does so, but finds himself in a worse position and eventually unemployed. The two plotlines converge at the marriage party of Evie Wilcox . Helen has found the Basts starving and brings them to the party. Jacky Bast  becomes drunk; Margaret approaches her with Henry to find out who she is. Jacky recognises Henry and it becomes clear that years previously he had had an affair with her. Humiliated and suspicious, Henry breaks off the engagement, but that evening he and Margaret reconcile and she forgives his sexual impropriety. In accordance with Henry\'s wishes, she insists that Helen take the Basts away and refuses them help. Because of this, the Schlegel sisters drift apart. Helen has a brief affair with Leonard Bast. She becomes pregnant, and leaves the country, telling none of her condition. When Helen returns to take her possessions, she asks if she can stay one night at Howards End. When Henry Wilcox finds out that Helen is pregnant, he insists that she cannot stay in the house, and that the man responsible must be found out and punished for dishonouring her. Margaret and Henry argue bitterly about the different standards of sexual propriety applied to men and women, and Margaret says she is leaving Henry. Margaret, Leonard and the oldest Wilcox son Charles  all make their way separately to Howards End and the final tragedy unfolds: Charles attacks and inadvertently kills Leonard, and is arrested. Henry\'s pride is shaken; his feelings break through at last, and he and Margaret become truly close. Ultimately, Ruth Wilcox\'s wish is fulfilled: Henry leaves Howards End to Margaret upon his death. Helen is reconciled with Margaret, and Helen will raise her son as heir. In both film and novel, the final ownership of Howards End is a symbol of new class relations in England: the wealth of the new industrialists  married to the politically reforming vision of liberalism  that will benefit the children of the lower classes .'] ["{{Unreferenced}} and, according to Amazon.com the fullscreen Region 4 DVD is one minute longer than the widescreen Region 1 DVD.{{cite web}}  The script of Valmont differs significantly from the text. In Laclos's novel, Cecile is raped by Valmont and suffers a miscarriage; in Valmont she is seduced willingly  and is pregnant at her wedding. The letters between Valmont and Merteuil that lead to Merteuil's downfall in the novel are not mentioned in the film; Merteuil has no downfall except in the eyes of Cecile and her mother. She also does not suffer from the physical disfigurement described by Laclos in the denouement. Madame de Tourvel's future is less tragic; instead of dying of a broken heart, she returns to her forgiving and understanding older husband."] ['Socialite Molly Lasch is released from prison after serving a six-year sentence for the murder of her husband, Dr. Gary Lasch. Now, with the help of Fran, an investigative reporter, Molly sets out to prove her innocence. Together they uncover a conspiracy of silence at the Lasch Medical Center and a shocking secret that could cost both women their lives.'] ["The story is about Ulysses' efforts to return to his home after the end of the Trojan war, and the adventures that befall him."] ["Bloom takes place on June 16, 1904 and attempts to make a visual reconstruction of Joyce's stream of consciousness style."] ["Kim  is a 15-year-old street orphan in Lahore of the 19th century . Kim thinks he is native, but he's actually of British origin, the son of an Irish soldier and an Indian mother. He is taken up as a guide by a travelling Tibetan lama  on a search for a river where Budda hurled an arrow, turning into a place of redemption. When he finds his father's regimen and the British military discover his origins and his real name, Kimball O'Hara, he's placed in an English college. His nature, however, is opposed to the regimentation expected for the son of a British soldier, and he rebels. His familiarity with Indian life and his ability to pass as an Indian child allows him to function as a spy for the British as they attempt to thwart revolution and invasion of India. Rejoining his holy man, Kim is trained by an Englishman called Babu  to become a British spy and receives orders from a British Colonel  who assigns him a risky mission in the Big Game, the behind-the-scenes struggle between Imperial Britain and Russia for supremacy in Afghanistan and Central Asia. He also befriends an astute Afghan horse-dealer named Mahbub Ali , a British Secret Service agent, who helps him with his task."] ['When shy and introspective Mary arrives as a new student at an all-girls boarding school, she shares a dorm room with Paulie and Victoria . In contrast to the timid Mary, outspoken Paulie is full of life. For example, at one point she turns a quiet afternoon on the campus into a music-blasting dance party and spikes the punch. In an effort to break Mary out of her shell, Paulie and Tori involve her in their activities, such as running in the morning. When Mary\'s roommates learn that her mother recently died, Paulie nicknames her "Mary Brave." Mary observes the intimacy between her two roommates. Peering out a window at night, she sees them kissing on a roof. She notes the closeness of Paulie and Tori\'s relationship. At first, she thinks that they are practicing kissing in order to prepare themselves for kissing males. She then realises the nature of their romance. This also manifests itself in Paulie coming to Torie\'s rescue. For example, Paulie defends Victoria from a frustrated math teacher who unintentionally humiliates her when she does not understand a mathematical equation. Over time, Paulie and Tori become more comfortable showing affection in front of Mary. It progresses from a quick kiss on the lips in front of her to the two sharing a bed while they think Mary is sleeping. At first, Mary is shy about sharing a room with the two lovers and feels like an intruder. After a few days, she finds their kissing and murmuring comforting and familiar. When the three are running one day, Paulie comes across a hurt falcon, which she befriends. After reading up on falcons, she trains the animal and becomes obsessed with caring for it as she believes that something untoward has happened to its parents. While Paulie tends to the orphaned falcon, Mary and Tori meet some boys from the nearby boys\' school. One of the boys, Jake, flirts with Tori, asking if she will be attending her brother\'s 18th birthday party and making it clear that he is interested in her. When Mary and Tori are alone, Tori expresses disgust at the boy\'s interest in her, saying, "He liked my tits." When Mary asks if she\'ll go to the party, Tori says, "And have all those gross guys groping me? No, thanks. I\'d rather stay home and do math." One morning, Victoria\'s sister, Allison , and her friends rush into the room to wake up the older girls. Paulie is lying in Tori\'s bed, both naked. Allison and the other girls are shocked. Mary pushes Tori\'s sister out of the room and closes the door. After the younger girls leave, Tori, her head in her hands, decides at that moment to end whatever intimate relationship she had with Paulie, who claims that she loves her. Tori refuses outright, saying, \'No! You don\'t know Allison. She\'ll get hysterical and tell my dad.\' Tori then angrily tells Paulie to get out of her bed. Paulie tries to downplay the situation, and Tori tells her she does not understand, explaining that her sister will tell her parents about it. When confronted by Allison, Tori tries to extinguish her sister\'s suspicions by telling her Paulie has an unrequited crush on her and crawled into her bed. Her sister promises to "fix" the rumors about Tori and not tell their parents anything. As she walks away from this conversation, Victoria collapses into tears. In the library, Victoria explains to Mary that her family, her parents and her sister, are strongly opposed to homosexuality, and she must stop the relationship to prevent their rejection. Mary sympathizes with both of her friends, as she too feels rejected by her father, who does not bother to show up to a father/daughter dance. In the forest at night, Tori and Jake have sex against a tree. Both Mary and Paulie accidentally witness this scene and run back to their room before Tori returns. When Tori returns to the room, Paulie asks her where she\'s been and Tori says she was with a friend. Paulie lashes out at her by telling her that she saw what Tori and Jake were doing in the woods. In a very poignant moment, Tori tells Paulie that the intimacy that they had shared will never happen again but she  would always love her. Paulie degenerates into psychotic behavior over Tori\'s withdrawal from the relationship. She smashes a mirror and hurls a dish cart to the ground and begins to act out in other ways. A rejection letter from the agency that handled Paulie\'s adoption, which informs her that her birth mother denied a request from Paulie to get in touch, further sends her over the edge. Meanwhile, Victoria creates an image of heterosexuality to her friends and her sister, dating Jake Hollander ([[Luke Kirby  from a nearby all-boys school and avoiding Paulie. Paulie declares a duel to the death with Jake. Jake is not taking her seriously until he ends up on the ground, with Paulie brandishing a sword above him. She demands that he give up Tori. When he refuses, she stabs him in the leg. Mary rushes to stop her and Paulie runs off. Mary runs to Victoria\'s soccer match, where the headmistress, math teacher and fellow students are congregated. Upon reaching the group, Mary sees Paulie, sobbing from the top of a building while holding her falcon. Whispering "I rush into the secret house," a reference to Shakespeare on suicide, Paulie jumps to her death and the movie ends with the falcon flying in the background.  {{Expand section}} *Tori and Paulie have a lesbian relationship; in the novel, Paulie does not personally identify as female or lesbian. *Mouse never pretends to be a boy in the film. *The theme of masculinity is underplayed in the film, whereas, in the novel, Paulie wanting to be masculine and Mouse\'s need for a man\'s freedom are more prominent. *A major theme of the novel is "Paulie\'s crime", murder, which is entirely absent from the film. *In the book, Mary is described many times as having a spinal malformation which affects her ability to walk normally, and gives her a hunchbacked appearance.'] ['The film is set Ireland in the early 1960s in the small town of Clones. Francie Brady  is a 12-year-old boy whose imagination is fuelled by television - aliens, communists, the Atomic Age.<ref name Byrne | first  | coauthors  Neil Jordan : The Provocative Son | work  industrycentral.net | date  http://www.industrycentral.net/director_interviews/NJ01.HTM | doi  30 August 2009}} When his mother  suffers a nervous breakdown, he is left in the care of his father , an emotionally distant and ill-tempered alcoholic. Francie spends most of his time with his best friend Joe Purcell  talking about "gangsters, cowboys and Indians, comic-book monsters and the early-1960s threat of nuclear annihilation."<ref name O\'Hehir | first  | coauthors  The Butcher Boy | work  Salon Entertainment | date  http://www.salon.com/ent/movies/1998/04/10butcher.html | doi  30 August 2009}} However, when Francie\'s growing conflict with another boy, Phillip Nugent , and his mother  begins to go too far, he ends up at reform school. Here, he is molested by a priest , and finds solace only in his fantasies about a foul-mouthed Virgin Mary . He returns home to find that his mother has committed suicide, Joe has outgrown him, and that his father has drank himself to death. Faced with being left completely alone in the world, he loses his grip on reality and lashes out with uncontrollable brutality, which shocks his provincial hometown.'] ['In the waning months of World War II, a man is mistakenly identified as a Jew by his antisemitic Brooklyn neighbors. Suddenly the victims of religious and racial persecution, he finds himself aligned with a local Jewish immigrant in a struggle for dignity and survival.'] ['Dr. Frank Linden  has a life-size anatomically correct medical dummy in his office which he calls "Pin." Via ventriloquism, Pin explains to Dr. Linden\'s children Leon  and Ursula  bodily functions and how the body works in a way children can relate to, without it being awkward. Unknown to Dr. Linden, Leon, an undiagnosed schizophrenic with traits of disassociative personality disorder, begins to believe the dummy is alive. Since Leon doesn\'t have any real friends , he believes Pin to be alive, since he\'s the only thing closest to a friend. He\'s further traumatized when he secretly witnesses his father\'s nurse use Pin as a sex toy. When Leon turns 18, Dr. Linden, having come back to retrieve case studies for a speech, catches him having a conversation with Pin . Realizing the extent of Leon\'s psychosis, Dr. Linden takes Pin away to use as a visual aid for a speech with the intention of leaving Pin at the medical school. As Dr. and Mrs. Linden speed to the hall , they get into a car crash caused by either Dr. Linden\'s recklessness or Pin . Leon retrieves Pin from the scene of the crash. Leon and Ursula, though grieving, enjoy their newfound freedom until Mrs. Linden\'s sister, Aunt Dorothy moves in. She encourages Ursula to take a job at the library, which Leon is against. Believing that she is influencing Ursula and after talking it over with Pin, Leon causes Aunt Dorothy to die from a heart attack by using Pin to frighten her. However, Ursula continues to work at the library, where she meets handsome jock Stan Fraker and falls in love. Meanwhile, Leon takes his fixation with Pin to pathological extremes, first by dressing him in Dr. Linden\'s clothes and finally fitting him with latex skin and a wig. Leon believes that Stan is only interested in Ursula\'s inheritance and that he wants to put Leon in a sanitarium. He invites Stan over under the guise of discussing a surprise birthday party for Ursula. Leon drugs Stan\'s drink and when Stan fights back, Leon bludgeons Stan with a wooden sculpture. Following Pin\'s instructions, he puts Stan in a bag and plans to dump him in the river, which is interrupted by a call from Ursula saying she intends to come home early. Leon quickly hides Stan\'s body in a woodpile outside the house and cleans up the blood. Leon concocts a story about Stan visiting a sick friend out of town to placate a worried Ursula, who believes him until she discovers the digital watch she had given to Stan as a gift under a chair when it beeps. She also discovers the wet spot on the carpet where Leon had cleaned the blood. When she confronts Leon, he attempts to blame it on Pin, causing her to run out of the house in hysterics. Leon asks Pin why he wouldn\'t help him. Pin responds by saying that he has never lied to him or lied for him and that despite his stating that Leon was doing it for Ursula, Pin rightly says that he\'s only doing it for himself. Ursula returns with an axe, which she raises ready to strike and the film goes to white as Leon screams and cowers. The police find Stan\'s body; to their amazement, he is still alive. Some time later, Ursula and Stan return to the house to visit Pin. Ursula tells him that she\'s going on a trip with Stan. Pin inquires as to whether she\'s heard from Leon. Ursula replies "No." Pin says that he misses him a great deal. Ursula agrees, and we discover that she\'s actually talking to Leon, in Pin\'s clothes and wig, sitting catatonic in a wheelchair. When the dummy was destroyed, Leon had a psychotic break, leaving the Pin side of his personality to completely take over.'] ['The story begins with exposition of the difficult lives of the first generation of male Chinese-American immigrants who were not allowed to bring their wives and families with them into the United States due to the Chinese Exclusion Act. For decades, these immigrant men have not seen their families they had left back in China. Ben  is the son of one these immigrants and has just finished serving in the U.S. Army during World War II. Due to the G.I. Bill,{{Citation needed}} he is allowed to bring a bride back from China which he does after an arranged marriage. Mei Oi , the bride, besides being attracted to Ben also wants to see her father in the U.S., who emigrated to the States before she was born. As one of the first couples of child-bearing age within Chinatown, Ben and Mei Oi have to deal with the expectations of the entire Chinatown community as well as his father . But the pressures on Ben render him impotent, and in her confusion over his seeming lack of interest, Mei Oi succumbs to the attentions of Ah Song . Their affair creates complications not only for their own marriage, but for the reputations of their fathers in the close-knit "bachelor society" of New York\'s Chinatown.'] ['Brendan Fraser plays John Crowley, a biotechnology executive whose two youngest children were afflicted with Pompe disease or acid maltase deficiency. In the film his children are aged 8 and 6. Along with his wife Aileen , he raises money for research scientist Robert Stonehill , forming a company to develop a drug to save his children\'s lives. Adapted by Robert Nelson Jacobs from a nonfiction book "The Cure: How a Father Raised $100 Million&mdash;and Bucked the Medical Establishment&mdash;in a Quest to Save His Children" by the Pulitzer Prize journalist Geeta Anand, the film is also an examination of how medical research is conducted and financed.'] ['In the filthy slums of New York, wealthy people have built luxury apartments there because of the view of the picturesque East River. While they live in opulence, the destitute and dirt poor live nearby in crowded, filthy tenements. At the end of the street is a dock on the East River; to the left are the luxury apartments and to the right are the slums. The Dead End Kids, led by Tommy Gordon , are a petty gang of street urchins who are already well onto a path to a life of crime. Members of the gang besides Tommy include, Dippy , Angel , Spit , T.B. , and Milty , the new kid on the block in search of friends. Spit is a bit malicious with a cruel streak and initially bullies the newcomer and takes his pocket change. However, Tommy eventually lets Milty join the gang and turns out to be both a loyal and generous friend. Tommy\'s sister, Drina , dreams of marrying some dashing, rich stranger who will save her and Tommy from this miserable life of poverty and help prevent Tommy from growing up to be a mobster like Baby Face Martin , who has returned to the neighborhood to visit his mother and old girlfriend. Drina\'s childhood friend, Dave Connell , is an unemployed architect who currently works odd jobs. He is having an affair with a rich man\'s mistress, Kay Burton . Although Dave and Kay love each other, they know they can\'t be together because Dave cannot provide Kay with the kind of lifestyle she desires. Meanwhile, the kids rough up a rich kid  who lives in the apartments. When the boy\'s father tries to intervene, Tommy winds up stabbing him in the arm. He escapes the police and goes into hiding. Martin, meanwhile, is rejected by his mother  and repulsed by his ex-girlfriend, Francie , who is now a prostitute and "sick" . Despondent over the failed visit, he decides to kidnap the rich child for ransom to make the trip back worthwhile. Dave tracks Martin down and kills him after a struggle. When the police arrive, a crowd gathers, including Spit, who is recognized as being a member of the gang that attacked the rich kid\'s father. He exonerates himself by informing the police that it was Tommy who stabbed the man. Tommy hears of Spit\'s betrayal and tries to give him the mark of the "squealer", which is a knife wound across the cheek. Before he can do so, Dave apprehends him and convinces him to turn himself in. He agrees to use his reward money from Martin\'s slaying to pay for Tommy\'s defense.'] [" The film revolves around Erin Grant , a former FBI secretary, who loses custody of her young daughter Angela to her ex-husband Darrell . In order to afford an appeal, Erin becomes a stripper at the Eager Beaver, a Miami strip club. A Congressman named David Dilbeck  visits the club and immediately begins to adore Grant. Aware of Dilbeck's embarrassing indulgences, another Eager Beaver patron approaches Erin with a plan to manipulate the Congressman to settle the custody dispute in Erin's favor. However, Dilbeck has powerful business connections who want to ensure he remains in office. Consequently, those who can embarrass him in an election are murdered. Meanwhile, Erin retrieves her daughter from her negligent husband. Dilbeck's personal interest in Erin persists, and she is invited to perform privately for him. He asks her to become his lover and later his wife, despite his staff's concerns that she knows too much. A debate occurs as to whether to kill Erin or simply keep her quiet by threatening to take away her daughter . However, Erin and a police officer  begin to suspect the Congressman's guilt in the murders, and Erin concocts a plan to bring the Congressman to justice. She tricks him into confessing on tape, and he is soon after arrested. Thus, Erin regains full custody of Angela, and Darrell returns to prison."] ['A man calling himself Henry Faber is actually "the Needle," a German spy in England bearing critical information on Allied invasion plans that he must deliver personally to the Führer. He\'s so named because of his preferred method of assassination, the stiletto. He is a coldly calculating psychopath, emotionlessly focused on the task at hand, whether the task is to signal a U-boat or to gut a witness to avoid exposure. On his way back to Germany, a fierce storm strands him on Storm Island, occupied only by a woman named Lucy , her disabled husband, their son, and their shepherd, Tom. A romance develops between the woman and the spy, due to an estrangement of affections between Lucy and her husband, whose accident has rendered him emotionally crippled as well. The love affair suggests there\'s a sympathetic personality buried somewhere inside the Nazi spy, though he remains enigmatic. Early on, we discover that he may not enjoy the hand life has dealt him. When a courier asks him about the way he lives, and "What else can one do?" the Needle answers, "One can just stop." Lucy realizes that her lover has been lying after she discovers her husband\'s dead body. "The Needle" must get to Tom\'s radio in time to report to his superiors the exact location of the D-Day invasion. Lucy is the Allies\' last chance. He is reluctant to harm her, but she has no such qualms and shoots him as he tries to escape in a boat. Additional footage tells of Faber\'s activities four years before and of David\'s accident, while another ending finds Lucy receiving help from British Intelligence.'] ["Howard Tyler  is a family man, living in California, who can't seem to get by financially. He meets up with a small-time, but charismatic, hood Jerry Slocum . Soon, Slocum convinces Tyler into participating in gas station robberies to get by. Later, they kidnap a wealthy man in hopes of getting a huge ransom. Things go wrong when the man is murdered by Slocum then thrown in a lake. Tyler reaches his limit emotionally, and he begins drinking heavily. He meets a lonely woman and confesses the crime while drunk. The woman flees and goes to the police. When the two kidnappers are arrested, a local journalist  writes a series of hate-filled articles about the two prisoners which eventually lead to a brutal lynching."] ["The story focuses on struggling Hollywood film producer Charlie Berns, who is on the verge of suicide when his aspiring screenwriter nephew Lionel arrives from New Jersey with a script about 19th century British statesman Benjamin Disraeli. Charlie agrees to make the film, but he converts the literate PBS-style script into the action adventure Middle Eastern espionage film Ben Disraeli: Freedom Fighter. He casts African American Bobby Mason, a recent convert to Judaism, in the title role and proceeds to set up locations in South Africa. When Bobby is kidnapped during filming, Charlie devises a way to keep his project going. He moves his crew to Prague and begins to film Lionel's original script without advising studio heads of his plan."] ["{{context}} The movie is set some time after the events of Treasure Island. Long John receives grave news from Dod Perch of a massacre from Mendoza who in the process kidnaps Governor Strong's daughter Elizabeth for ransom along with Jim Hawkins. There is also a second treasure cache on the Treasure Island directed only by a pirate medallion. Long John visits Governor Strong and his wife to propose to give in the ransom before they pursue Mendoza. During the pickup of the ransom, Long John goes with Billy Bowlegs to Mendoza's ship and explains that Billy shot his two partners to hoard the ransom money for himself. Long John invited on the ship briefs a plan to Mendoza to leave Elizabeth on shore and mislead the Governor's warships in order to sack the king's warehouses. As Mendoza carries out the plan, Long John finds Jim possesses the very medallion of Treasure Island. As Mendoza begins to double cross Long John, he in turn summons his men to ambush and capture Mendoza along with the warehouse fortune, whilst Jim and Elizabeth make their escape. Back at the governor's Jim is offered the chance to go back to England, but Long John has plans to take Jim with him on the second voyage for Treasure Island. Long John seizes an opportunity to charter Captain MacDougall's ship for the voyage. Long John sets off missing Purity Pinker's hand in marriage and barely escaping the alert local sentries. Long John plots to start a mutiny on Captain MacDougall and take over his ship. MacDougall in response plans to have Long John and his men marooned on an island which is the secret hideout of Mendoza. Jim sets fire to Mendoza's warehouse so that Long John and his crew can capture Mendoza's ship. As Long John sails for Treasure Island, Mendoza awaits his next ship. Once on Treasure Island, Long John and his men take shelter in the stockade from Israel Hands, who survived Jim's shot some time ago, but is blind. Israel keeps Long John and his men trapped, killing them a few at a time. Soon Mendoza's men arrive and Israel offers service to Long John, in return for a passage to Cornwall and vengeance against Jim. After fleeing, Mendoza burns down the stockade. Long John follows the trail of the map to the caves where the treasure is buried. Israel tries to kill Jim, but Jim leads him to the coast where he plunges off to his death. As Jim heads back to the caves, he taken by Mendoza, who is going to use him as bait to get Long John, but Long John surrenders to Mendoza, giving his men the opportunity to make a gunpowder attack, cutting down Mendoza's forces and leaving the rest marooned. Long John returns as an honourable citizen, but he and Jim ride off."] ["Asylum is set in Britain in the early 1950s. It tells the story of Stella Raphael , the bored and unfulfilled wife of Max , a psychiatrist working at a remote mental asylum. Stella starts a passionate affair with Edgar  one of the patients. Edgar is particularly dangerous, having gruesomely murdered his wife in a jealous rage. Not deterred by Edgar's violent past, Stella is beguiled by Edgar's passion and the affair intensifies. Although Max suspects nothing, Dr. Peter Cleve  correctly guesses that the two are seeing each other. Cleave, who is fixated on Stella himself, attempts to get Edgar to admit to the affair—to no avail. Edgar, who has been denied release, can take it no longer and breaks out of the asylum. Stella attempts to continue life without her lover, playing mother to her son, Charlie, and wife. Around Christmas time, she receives a call from a friend of Edgar who arranges a rendezvous in London. The affair resumes with Stella using shopping trips as a pretext for her trips to the city. Edgar soon tires of the subterfuge—as well as sharing Stella's sexual attentions with Max—and demands that she choose to stay with him permanently or not return for another visit. Shortly thereafter, Cleave confronts her, telling him that he knows that she has been going to London to see Edgar. After unsuccessfully attempting to bully Stella into revealing his whereabouts, Cleave reminds her that Max can have her committed to the hospital. Stella then runs away to join Edgar and begins a loose, somewhat bohemian life together, remaining out of the public eye for fear of police. Soon, the lust of the relationship begins to wear off and Stella begins to see a darker side to Edgar's personality. He becomes obsessed with his work to Stella's chagrin. He also starts to become aggressive and violent both towards her, intensifying her fear of him. After shopping one day, Stella returns to the pair's squalid studio flat to be found by police and taken back to her husband and son. Her husband struggles to forgive her but accepts that their son needs a mother figure. Edgar observes Stella's capture from the shadows and flees. Max, who has lost his position at the hospital, moves the family to Wales and Stella struggles to settle back into 'normal' life with her family, trying especially hard to make amends with her son. Edgar tracks her down and a brief meeting with Edgar results in his capture. This sends Stella further into her thrown, distracted state. On a school outing with Charlie some weeks later, Stella takes her son away from the class teacher and other children and they go into the woods together. Stella perches herself upon a rock while Charlie searches for fish in the river. He suddenly loses his footing, falling into the river and begins to drown. Not noticing, Stella remains in a trance, not moving to help him. The class teacher arrives and attempts to help him, but Charlie is already dead. Stella is anguished over this and following this trauma, her husband and Dr. Cleave decide that she needs to be institutionalised. She is taken to the same asylum she met Edgar. Unbeknownst to Stella, Edgar is still held there. With the help of constant medication and care, Stella gets 'better', though she never fully recovers. She accepts Dr. Cleave's offer of a stable relationship, much to his delight. At the annual ball, where male and female inmates are permitted to socialise, Stella is anxious to share a dance with Edgar and desperately looks forward to seeing him. Unbeknown to her, Dr. Cleave forbids Edgar from attending the ball, gloating that he and Stella are to be married. Dr. Cleave later informs Stella that Edgar will not be attending. As a nurse escorts patients back to their rooms, Stella sneaks off up a stairway leading to the roof. Before anyone notices she has gone missing, she throws herself off the roof tower but does not die as she intends. Dr. Cleave rushes to her aid but she rejects his help and he steps away from her, allowing her to die from her injuries."] ['Henry , Beaver ([[Jason Lee , Pete  and Jonesy  are four friends on an annual hunting trip in Maine. As children, they all acquired telepathy which they call "the line". A flashback shows them as they save a mentally handicapped boy named Douglas "Duddits" Cavell  from bullies and befriend him. Jonesy sees Duddits beckoning him to cross the street, but as he does so Jonesy is hit by a car. His injuries heal with mysterious speed and 6 months later he is able to make the group\'s annual trip. Jonesy and Beaver meet a man lost in the forest named Rick McCarthy . He is very ill so the group lets him rest inside their cabin nearby. Military helicopters fly over the area and announce that the area will be quarantined. Jonesy and Beaver return to the cabin to find a deceased Rick in the bathroom, the room covered with moss and gore. A large worm tries to escape from the bathroom after being excreted into the toilet by Rick before he died. Beaver attempts to trap the creature under the toilet lid, but the lamprey-like worm, with multiple rows of razor-sharp teeth, kills him. Jonesy escapes from the cabin but runs into a large alien called Mr. Grey, who possesses Jonesy\'s body. Nearby, Henry and Pete crash their vehicle as they nearly avoid running over a frostbitten woman from Rick\'s original hunting party. Henry walks for help while Pete stays with the woman. She dies and also excretes a worm, which Pete barely manages to kill. Mr. Grey then captures Pete, but Jonesy telepathically warns Henry to stay hidden. Henry returns to the cabin to find Beaver dead and the worm that killed him now laying a group of eggs. In order to kill all of the alien larvae he sets fire to the cabin. Meanwhile, a military unit led by Curtis , seeks to contain everyone exposed to the aliens. Curtis sends Owen  to lead an air strike against the aliens crashed spaceship. The aliens use telepathy to distract the pilots, but the four Apaches and Curtis\' Little Bird massacre most of the aliens with miniguns and missiles. The alien ship then self-destructs destroying the remaining aliens and two helicopters. Henry arrives at the base as the remaining helicopters land and convinces Owen to reveal the camp to the U.S. Army. After tracking Owen through a chip in his gun, Curtis escapes in a helicopter. Jonesy retraces his memories of the area while watching Mr. Grey use his body. Mr. Grey tries to coerce Pete into cooperating but cannibalises him when he refuses. Jonesy realizes that Mr. Grey possessed him, not by chance, but to access past memories of Duddits which he needs. Henry and Owen go to Duddits\' home, where he tells them that Mr. Grey is headed for Quabbin Reservoir to seed the water with alien larva. Arriving at the reservoir Owen is ambushed by Curtis\' helicopter and mortally injured, but manages to ground Curtis. Henry takes Owen\'s weapon and kills Mr. Grey\'s worm. Duddits confronts Mr. Grey, who finally exits Jonesy\'s body. Duddits then reveals that he himself is an alien and attacks, causing both aliens to explode in a cloud of red dust which briefly resembles a dreamcatcher. Jonesy, now himself again, steps on the final worm that was just about to contaminate the water.'] ['Elizabeth Leroy is a young woman growing up in the 50\'s. She is has devoted her life to serving God but through many hardships and heartbreaks over the years her faith is tested. She begins to question the purpose of her life. Elizabeth lives with her widowed father who is a doctor. Her mother died of cancer when she was young. She just finished school and wants to see the world, so has no intention of settling down with childhood friend and neighbour Will Bishop when he asks her to marry him. One day she is asked to pick up the new assistant pastor, Ben Phillips, at the train station and show him around town. Expecting to meet an older gentleman, she is surprised to find him to be young and handsome. They fall in love and get engaged. She is heartbroken when he leaves to serve as chaplain during the Korean War. He explains that he believes God called him to serve and that he promised God to follow Him no matter what. He also promises to marry her when he returns. At the train station he gives her a Bible with the inscription in the front, "Though none go with me, yet will I follow. No turning back, no turning back." They write letters and she keeps herself busy helping other people. When her father passes away, she discovers that he has left her no money plus the house is heavily mortgaged leaving the bank to take possession of it. She moves in with her neighbour Will who also offers her a secretarial job in his auto insurance company. One day, an army officer stops by their door to tell her that Ben has died when the army hospital took a direct hit. She is crushed and faints. As time passes she begins to fall in love with Will, especially when he starts dating someone else. When she decides it\'s time to move out of his house, he declares his love for her and they get married. When they return from their honeymoon, Elizabeth receives a letter from Ben who writes that he wasn\'t killed but has been a prisoner-of-war and will soon be home. She tells Will who is heartbroken and asks her whether she will stay with him out of loyalty or does he have her heart? She declares her love for Will and does not intend to leave him. When Ben comes home, they embrace and she tells him that she was told he was dead and that she married Will. He is crushed, but asks her to write him to tell her what\'s happening in her life. Will and Elizabeth have many happy years together and are blessed with a son. He and his wife are killed in a car accident on the way home from a Christmas party, leaving their daughter to be raised by her grandparents. At this point, Elizabeth becomes angry at God, asking Him why He keeps taking away everyone that she loves - her parents, her first love, and now her son. Will eventually dies of brain disease after 40+ years of marriage. Not long after that, her best friend Fran hosts a party to thank her for 50 years of service to the community. Many people tell stories of how she impacted their lives and she is deeply touched. One of the attendees at the party is Ben...'] ['{{Plot|dateAlternate ending Becky Sharp arrives at her brother-in-law\'s house . As Becky nears the house a servant questions her and tells her that the funeral of Sir Pitt Crawley is being held there. While talking to the servant, Becky spots a young man and asks the servant who it is. He replies: the new baronet, Sir Rawdon Crawley , Becky\'s son. Sir Rawdon notices her and asks if there is any way he may help. Thinking that he doesn\'t know who she is, Becky replies that she isn\'t sure he would want to help her if he knew who she was. Rawdon reveals that he knows who she is, and when Becky tries to reach out for her son, he steps back. Becky then tries to convince him that she still loves him, even though she abandoned him. Lady Jane appears, in mourning, and Rawdon exclaims that "she is here to claim me as her own." Lady Jane replies that he is. Rawdon says that it is too late for her to play the mother now, before he turns and leaves. Lady Jane explains to Becky what has happened and leads her to her late husband\'s grave, where she makes a speech about "love is vanity\'s conqueror." During the speech, Becky\'s son stands behind her and takes her hand in his. The scene ends with Becky repeating Lady Jane\'s words.'] [' The story centers on the memories of a writer Harry  who is on safari in Africa. He has contracted a severely infected wound from a thorn prick, and lies outside his tent awaiting a slow death. The loss of mobility brings self-reflection. He remembers past years and how little he has accomplished in his writing. He realizes that although he has seen and experienced wonderful and astonishing things during his life, he had never made a record of the events. His status as a writer is undermined by his reluctance to actually write. He also quarrels with the woman with him, blaming her for his living decadently and forgetting his failure to write of what really matters to him: his experiences among poor and "interesting" people, rather than the smart Europeans with whom he has been with lately. Despite the unwanted attentions of a witch doctor, he lives to see morning come. He watches vultures gather in a tree as he lies in the evening. He recapitulates his life and talks to his current girl-friend. He tells her about his past experiences; then arguing, then coming to realization about his attitude, and finally reaching a sort of peace, even love, with her.'] ["Set at the Manhattan memorial service for Andre Gerard, who died of AIDS and was buried in Dallas several weeks earlier, the story focuses on his mother Katherine's inability to come to terms with his death or share her grief with Cal, the young man's lover. Her rage is directed not only at the man she never accepted and her own mother, who was less judgmental of her grandson's life, but at Andre himself as well."] ['"A millionaire detective novelist matches wits with the unemployed actor who ran off with his wife in a deadly serious, seriously twisted game with dangerous consequences.""Synopsis", "Sleuth: A Sony Pictures Classics Release", official film site webpage, accessed October 29, 2007. It is much the same as the original except: * Tindle does not pretend to murder Wyke\'s mistress - instead he pretends to perform the robbery he set up before; * Tindle uses a fake beard and makeup to look like a police officer: * Wyke now tries to seduce Tindle; and * Wyke appears to get off scot free at the end, as opposed to the original where Wyke is likely to be arrested. *In the original, Wyke was an aristocratic eccentric; his vehement dislike of Tindle\'s working-class, Italian roots was the source of much of the tension. This is not the case in this version. *Tindle is an impoverished actor, rather than a wealthy hairdressing-salon owner.'] ["Mrs. Ross, an impoverished elderly eccentric living in a tiny London apartment and dependent on welfare, is visited by her criminal son, who hides a large package containing a large sum of stolen money in an unused bedroom. Thinking the money is a windfall intended for her, Mrs. Ross makes elaborate plans which she casually confides to a stranger, who pretends to befriend her but actually kidnaps her to obtain the money. Rendered drunk and turned into the elements by her captor, Mrs. Ross contracts pneumonia and barely recovers in hospital. Her sympathetic agent at the welfare bureau finds her and reunites her with her ne'er-do-well husband who deserted her decades ago. Motivated by his own need for stability, he moves back in with her but soon turns to crime, which forces him to flee and desert her again. Having been on the verge of a return to decent living, Mrs. Ross resumes her decayed status as a reclusive derelict of society."] ["Norman Taylor , a psychology professor lecturing in belief and superstition, discovers that his wife Tansy  is practicing witchcraft. She insists that her charms have been responsible for his academic career, despite him being the youngest and newest among his colleagues, and his well being. A firm rationalist and angry at her superstition, Taylor forces her to burn all magical objects in the house. Almost immediately things start to go wrong: A female student accuses him of violation, her boyfriend threatens him, and an unseen menace tries to break into their home. Tansy, willing to sacrifice her life for her husband's, almost drowns herself and is, as the film suggests, only saved in the last minute by Taylor giving in to the practices he despises. Later, Tansy attacks him with a knife, but he manages to disarm her and lock her in her room. Her limping walk during the attack gives Taylor a hint where to find the person responsible for his ill luck. He identifies university secretary Flora Carr , wife of a colleague whose career stalled in favour of Norman's, as the perpetrator. Flora has his home, where Tansy is still locked in, go up in flames. Then, with the help of a ritualistic sound recording, she awakens the giant stone eagle which presides on the top of the university building's entrance to attack Taylor. Flora's husband arrives at the office and stops the tape machine. The eagle disappears, and Tansy manages to escape her burning home. On her way out of the campus, Flora passes the again immobile stone eagle. The statue topples over and buries Flora under her, killing her in an instant."] ['Wealthy American Jervis Pendleton III  has a chance encounter at a French orphanage with a cheerful 18-year-old resident, Julie Andre . He anonymously pays for her education at a New England college. She writes letters to her mysterious benefactor regularly, but he never writes back. Her nickname for him, "Daddy Long Legs", is taken from the description of him given to Andre by some of her fellow orphans who see his shadow as he leaves their building. Several years later, he visits her at school, still concealing his identity. Despite their large age difference, they soon fall in love.'] ['A merchant marine captain, Gideon Patch  decides to stay aboard a sinking ship, in order to prove that it was sabotaged to collect insurance on cargo that had secretly been off-loaded at Rangoon.'] ["Michael Kovak , disillusioned with his job as a mortician, decides to enter a seminary school and abdicate his vows upon completion thereby getting a free college degree. Four years have passed and Michael is being ordained to the diaconate at the seminary. After ordination he writes a letter of resignation to his superior, Father Matthew, citing a lack of faith. Father Matthew , apparently wanting to talk Michael out of his decision, attempts to catch up to Michael on the street. He trips as he walks over a curb, causing a cyclist to swerve into the path of an oncoming van. The young female cyclist, Sandra , is critically injured and after seeing his clerical garb believes Michael to be a priest and asks him for absolution. Initially hesitant but unable to refuse, Michael comforts her and performs a blessing ritual thereby leading her to believe that he absolved her sins, even though he didn't have the power to do so. Seeing how calmly he handled the situation, Father Matthew tells Michael that he is called to be a priest despite his resignation. He later approaches Michael with an invitation to travel to Rome in order to attend a class on exorcism, taught by his friend Father Xavier  . Michael reluctantly accepts after being told by Father Matthew that a $100,000 student loan will be levied if his immediate resignation stands but that if Michael attends the exorcism class and still desires to resign afterwards then they will discuss matters . During classes, he meets a young woman, Angelina , who is also taking the course. He soon learns that she is a reporter who has been asked to cover the course for an article in a newspaper. Father Xavier, realizing Michael is a skeptic and is very tentative in his faith, asks Michael to see a friend of his, Father Lucas , who is a renowned Welsh Jesuit exorcist. Michael agrees and meets Father Lucas at his home, where he sees one of the priest's patients: a pregnant sixteen-year-old girl, Rosaria. It is later revealed that she was raped by her father, which led to her possession. However, Michael remains skeptical, even after witnessing several preternatural events, such as the girl coughing up three long nails and fluently speaking English. She pointedly reminds Michael of the last patient he embalmed and of his loathing for his father. He later speaks with Angelina again, who asks him to relay the information that he gets from Father Lucas to her, as she has tried to get an interview with him many times but has been refused. Michael declines. Meanwhile, Rosaria's condition worsens, highlighted by when she tried to drown herself, prompting Father Lucas and Michael to have her taken to a hospital for further care. There, Father Lucas performs another exorcism on the girl while Michael observes. They leave the hospital room together with Michael while Father Lucas stays overnight outside the girl's room. Late that night, she miscarries; the baby dies from cardiac arrest and the mother from blood loss from major hemorrhaging. Disheartened, Father Lucas feels he has failed her. After Michael sees this he decides to confer with Angelina. After the death of the young woman, Father Lucas begins behaving strangely, exhibiting signs of demonic possession. Michael and Angelina later find him sitting outside of his house in the rain. Father Lucas takes them into his house and, knowing himself to be possessed, tells Michael that he needs to find Father Xavier in order to perform the exorcism. Angelina and Michael try desperately to contact and find Father Xavier; however, they learn that he is out of contact for three days. Learning this, Michael decides to perform the exorcism on his own, with Angelina present. After constant rebuking by the demon and a long, drawn out fight, Michael regains his once lost faith and is able to force the demon to reveal its name, which is Baal. He completes the exorcism, and the powerful demon leaves Father Lucas. Successful, Michael leaves Rome, returning to the United States and to his life. The final scene of the film shows Michael, now Father Michael Kovak, entering a confessional and beginning to hear a girl's confession."] ["Set in the rural West Country in Victorian England, the story features Bathsheba Everdene , a beautiful, headstrong, independently minded woman who inherits her uncle's farm and decides to manage it herself, which engenders some disapproval from the local farming community. She hires a former neighbor, Gabriel Oak , to be her shepherd; a rejected suitor, Gabriel lost his own flock of sheep when one of his dogs drove them over a steep cliff. Ignoring Gabriel's love, Bathsheba impulsively sends a valentine to William Boldwood , a nearby gentleman farmer. When he misinterprets her capriciousness and proposes to her, Bathsheba promises to consider his offer. Instead, however, she becomes enamored of Frank Troy , a dashing cavalry officer. Unaware that Troy has refused to marry young Fanny Robin , a maidservant pregnant with his child, because she embarrassed him by going to the wrong church on their wedding day, Bathsheba foolishly becomes his wife. After Troy has gambled away most of Bathsheba's money and created disharmony among the farmhands, he discovers that Fanny has died in childbirth. Filled with remorse, he swears that he never loved Bathsheba, walks out on her, and disappears into the ocean. Bathsheba then promises to marry Boldwood when Troy is declared legally dead; but Troy appears at their engagement party and the nearly deranged Boldwood kills him. Shortly after Boldwood has been sent to prison, Gabriel tells Bathsheba that he is planning to emigrate to America. Realizing how much she has always needed his quiet strength and unselfish devotion, Bathsheba persuades Gabriel to remain in Weatherbury as her husband."] ['The film reduced the tale to an \'Ecology Strikes Back\' scenario, common in science fiction movies at the time. The food mysteriously bubbles up from the ground on a remote island somewhere in British Columbia. The couple that discover it, Mr. and Mrs. Skinner  consider it a gift from God, and promptly begin feeding it to their chickens. Soon, rats, wasps, and worms consume the substance, and the island is crawling with giant vermin. One night, some of them kill Mr. Skinner. Morgan, a professional football player , and his buddies are camping on the island, and one of them is stung to death by giant wasps. After ferrying his friends back to the mainland, Morgan returns to investigate. Also thrown into the mix are Thomas and Rita, an expecting couple; Jack Bensington, the owner of a dog food company  hoping to market the substance; and his assistant Lorna , a "lady bacteriologist." Eventually, the survivors are trapped in the farmhouse with the rats swarming around outside, and Mrs. Skinner, Morgan\'s friend Brian, and Bensington are killed by the rats. Morgan eventually blows up a nearby dam, flooding the area and drowning the rats, whose size and weight renders them unable to swim. The food, however, survives. It is swept into a river and is consumed by cows, who give tainted milk, which is then drunk by schoolchildren.'] ['Ivy Templeton  is a nearly eleven year old girl, living with her parents, Janice and Bill Templeton (Marsha Mason and [[John Beck , in New York. The parents notice a stranger stalking them over the course of a few weeks, and discover, over lunch with him, that his name is Elliot Hoover , and that he is convinced their daughter is a reincarnation of his daughter Audrey Rose, who died in a fiery car accident, along with his wife, two minutes before Ivy was born. Hoover had come to believe this through information given to him by two clairvoyant psychics. Bill asks a friend of his, an attorney, to hide in their apartment to hear Hoovers full story to build a case against him, but when Hoover speaks Audrey\'s name out loud, Ivy hears him from her room and enters an altered state where she cannot be calmed down without the assistance of Hoover. In this state, she bangs her hands on a window and becomes burned, which Hoover says is a result of his daughter\'s experience of being burned alive in the car. Janice is afraid of Hoover but is also concerned for her daughter, while Bill is hostile to Hoover and demands he stay away. Ivy continues to be disturbed by nightmares which keep getting worse. Hoover appears at their home during one of her nightmares, and at the request of the mother Hoover is able to calm Ivy down by calling to her as Audrey Rose, but is arrested for allegedly briefly abducting her to his recently rented upstairs apartment. The film then moves forward some months to an ongoing trial, where Hoover is attempting to persuade a jury that his actions were necessary to grant his daughter\'s spirit peace. The trial has become a worldwide phenomenon, with a Hindu holy man giving an explanation of reincarnation as testimony. Hoover testifies in court that after his daughter\'s death, Hoover had traveled to India and become a believer in reincarnation and Hinduism. Janice comes to believe Hoover\'s story, and testifies as much, but Bill does not, and has their lawyer request Ivy be hypnotized to show she is not a reincarnation of Audrey Rose. During the hypnosis, Ivy revisits the traumatic car crash as Audrey Rose and dies during the relived trauma. The last scene is Janice writing a letter to Hoover thanking him for transporting Ivy/Audrey\'s ashes to India, and indicating this is with her husband\'s permission, who she says has started to accept what she and Hoover believe to be true. The movie closes on a quotation from the Bhagavad-Gita:  "There is no end. For the soul there is never birth nor death. Nor, having once been, does it ever cease to be. It is unborn, eternal, ever-existing, undying and primeval..."'] ['Paula Tessier  is a 40-year-old interior designer who for the past five years has been the mistress of Roger Demarest , a "philandering business executive" who refuses to stop seeing other women. When Paula meets Philip , the 25-year-old son of one of her wealthy clients, he falls in love with her and insists that the age difference will not matter. Paula resists the young man\'s advances, but finally succumbs when Roger initiates yet another affair with one of his young "Maisies". While she is initially happy with Philip, her friends and business associates disapprove of the May-December romance.'] ['The preface to the story shows Episcopal priest Reverend Dr. T. Lawrence Shannon  having a "nervous breakdown" after being ostracized by his congregation for having an inappropriate relationship in Virginia with "a very young Sunday school teacher." Two years later, Shannon is a tour guide for bottom-of-the-barrel Texas company Blake Tours, is taking a group of Baptist School teachers by bus to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico. The group\'s brittle group leader is Miss Judith Fellowes , whose 17-year-old niece Charlotte Goodall  tries to seduce Shannon. Charlotte\'s aunt, described as "butch" by the other characters, accuses Shannon of trying to seduce her niece and declares that she will ruin him. In a moment of despair, Shannon shanghais the bus and occupants, and tries to prevent Fellowes from calling his boss by stranding their bus at a cheap  Costa Verde Hotel in Mismaloya on the coast. Shannon thinks that the hotel is still run by an old friend named Fred, but finds that the man died recently, and the hotel is now run by Fred\'s widow, Maxine Faulk . Maxine becomes interested in Shannon. Another woman at the hotel is Hannah Jelkes , a beautiful and chaste itinerant painter from Nantucket, who is traveling with her elderly poet grandfather . Hannah and her grandfather have run out of money, but Shannon convinces Maxine to let them have rooms. Over a long night, Shannon battles his weaknesses for both flesh and alcohol: Miss Fellowes\' niece continues to make trouble for him, and he is "at the end of his rope," just like the iguana kept tied by Maxine\'s cabana boys. Shannon suffers a breakdown, the cabana boys truss him in a hammock, and Hannah ministers to him there with poppy-seed tea and frank spiritual counsel. Hannah\'s grandfather delivers the final version of the poem he has been laboring to finish and dies. The characters try to resolve their confused lives with Shannon and Maxine deciding to run the hotel together. Hannah walks away from her last chance at love.'] ['Two years after his escape from France, Jason Bourne and Marie Kreutz are living in Goa, India. Bourne continues to have flashbacks about his former life as a CIA assassin, which he writes in a small diary. Meanwhile, in Berlin, Germany, CIA agents subordinate to Deputy Director Pamela Landy are paying US$3 million for the "Neski files", documents on the theft of $20 million in allocation money seven years earlier. Russian Federal Security Service agent Kirill plants Bourne\'s fingerprint to frame him, kills the agents, and steals the files and money, giving them to his employer, Russian oil oligarch Yuri Gretkov. Kirill travels to Goa to kill Bourne, but Bourne spots him and flees with Marie. As the couple drive away, Kirill attempts to shoot Bourne, but kills Marie by mistake. Their vehicle goes off a bridge and into a river; Kirill believes that Bourne is dead. Bourne survives and leaves for Naples, Italy, with money and passports. After finding the fingerprint Kirill planted, Landy learns that it belongs to Bourne and subsequently asks Deputy Director Ward Abbott about Operation Treadstone. Landy tells Abbott that the CIA agent who stole the $20 million was named in the stolen files. Some years ago, Russian politician Vladimir Neski was about to identify the thief when he was supposedly murdered by his wife in a Berlin hotel. Landy believes that Bourne and the late Treadstone supervisor Alexander Conklin were somehow involved, and assumes that Bourne killed her two agents. Both Abbott and Landy go to Berlin to find Bourne and take him down. In Naples, Bourne allows himself to be identified by security. He subdues his CIA interrogator, copies the SIM card from his cell phone, and learns from a subsequent phone call about Landy and what she thinks Bourne did. Bourne goes to Munich to visit the only other remaining Treadstone operative, Jarda, who informs Bourne that Treadstone was shut down after Conklin\'s death. Jarda tries to incapacitate Bourne before an incoming CIA team arrives, but Bourne kills him, blows up his house, and escapes. Bourne follows Landy and Abbott as they meet former Treadstone support technician Nicky Parsons to question her about her past experience with him. Believing that the CIA is hunting him again, Bourne calls Landy and is told that he is being pursued because he killed two people in Berlin—though she is not referring to Bourne\'s recent flashbacks. Bourne arranges to meet Nicky at the Alexanderplatz, where he kidnaps and interrogates her, finding out that Abbott was the head of Treadstone, not Conklin. He remembers that he murdered Neski in Berlin, but Parsons knows nothing about it. Bourne visits the hotel where the killing took place and remembers more of his mission—he killed Neski on Conklin\'s orders, and when Neski\'s wife showed up, he shot her to make it look like a murder–suicide. Abbott kills his own assistant once he suspects a conspiracy against Bourne, who breaks into Abbott\'s hotel room and records a conversation between him and Gretkov that incriminates them in the theft of the money. Abbott confesses to ordering the assassination in Goa, Neski\'s murder by Bourne, and the murder of the agents by Kirill, for which Bourne was to be framed. When Landy suspects Bourne\'s innocence and confronts Abbott, he commits suicide. Bourne sends the tape of the confession to Landy, vindicating himself. Bourne goes to Moscow to find Irena Neski, the daughter of Vladimir Neski. Kirill tracks down Bourne and wounds him in the shoulder. Bourne reaches a car and Kirill engages him in a high-speed car chase, ending with Kirill\'s death after Bourne forces his car into a concrete divider. Bourne locates Neski and apologizes for murdering her parents. Gretkov is arrested by Landy, using the evidence she got from Bourne. Some time later, in New York City, she receives a phone call from Bourne; she expresses her thanks for the tape of Abbott\'s confession before telling Bourne his real name is David Webb and that he was born "4-15-71" in Nixa, Missouri. Bourne tells her that she looks tired, indicating that he can see her, before hanging up and fading into a New York crowd.'] ['In a Brooklyn housing project, a group of "clockers" - street-level drug dealers - sell drugs for Rodney Little , a local drug lord. Rodney tells Ronald "Strike" Dunham , one of his lead clockers, that another dealer, Darryl Adams ([[Steve White , is stealing from him and "got to be got", implying that he wants Strike to kill Darryl. Strike then meets with his brother, Victor Dunham  and tries to persuade Victor to kill Darryl Adams. Rocco Klein  and Larry Mazilli , homicide detectives, ride to the scene of Darryl Adams\' murder. Larry and Rocco receive a phone call from another detective who says a man has confessed at a local church that he killed Darryl. The police meet Strike\'s older brother Victor at the church and take him in for questioning. In the interrogation room, Victor tells Rocco that he shot Darryl Adams in self-defense. Rocco finds holes in this story and starts looking into Victor\'s background which includes two jobs, a wife, two children, no criminal record, and aspirations to move out of the projects; Rocco comes to the conclusion that Victor is covering for his younger brother. Rocco pressures Strike but Victor sticks to his story, so Rocco convinces Rodney that Strike has confessed and informed on Rodney\'s drug ring. Rocco arrests Rodney and then humiliates Strike in front of his crew. Strike gets together some money and decides to leave town, but a younger boy who admired Strike shoots Errol, Rodney\'s enforcer, with Strike\'s gun. Rocco lets Strike leave town.'] ['After being replaced as the chief of police in Paradise, Massachusetts by the town council president\'s son-in-law, William Butler , Jesse Stone is still without a full-time job . Nevertheless, he continues to find ways to pursue investigations into two separate murders: one involves a friend with whom he had lost contact, and the other has him working as a consulting investigator for the Massachusetts State Police Homicide Division on a case involving a robbery and murder suspect. Both Jesse and his friend, State Police Captain Healy , have doubts as to the robbery/murder suspect\'s guilt. All the while, Jesse deals with tensions between Butler, who expects him to give up his "concealed carry" gun permit, but who is informed, by Rose Gammon , that as a retired  police officer that he has a federally-mandated right to "concealed carry" for life. His problems with his ex-wife, and drinking issues are still present.'] ['The film begins by following the story of Anna Leonowens  and Rama IV   as it is usually told; Anna is a widow who has come to Siam with her son Louis  to teach English to the 68{{fact}} royal children. She is a strong-willed, intelligent woman and this pleases the King, who wants to modernize his country to keep it safe from the threat of colonialism, while protecting many of the ancient traditions that give Siam its unique identity. In order to win the favors of Britain, the King orders a sumptuous reception, and delegates Anna to organize it. During the reception, the King verbally spars graciously and wittily with Sir Kincaid ([[Bill Stewart , of East India Company, who accuses Siam of being a superstitious nation. At the end of the reception, the King dances with Anna. Anna is enchanted by the royal children, particularly Princess Fa-Ying . The little girl identifies with the spirit of the playful monkeys who live in the trees of the royal garden. When she suddenly takes ill of cholera, Anna is summoned to her chambers to say goodbye. She gets there just as Fa-ying dies in Mongkut\'s hands, and the two mourn together. Sometime later, when the King finds that one of the monkeys has "borrowed" his glasses, as his daughter used to do, he is comforted by his belief in reincarnation and the idea that Fa-ying may be reborn as one of her beloved animals. Lady Tuptim , the King\'s new favorite concubine, was already engaged when brought to the court. The King is kind to her, but she is unhappy and at last runs away, disguising herself as a young man and joining the monastery where her former fiancé, Khun Phra Balat , lives. She is tracked down and brought back to the palace, imprisoned, and initially caned along with her Balat. However, because of Anna\'s outburst during this incident, Tuptim and Balat are beheaded in front of the entire court, despite the well held belief that the sentence is monstrously unfair, in order to save face. The political aspects of the story are completely fictional: Siam is under siege from what appears to be a British-funded coup d\'état against King Mongkut, using Burmese soldiers. Mongkut sends out his brother Prince Chaofa  and his military advisor General Alak  to investigate. However, it turns out that Alak is the man behind the coup and he turns on and kills Chaofa. He then flees Siam into Burma where he summons and readies his troops to invade Siam and kill the King and his children. With Anna\'s help, the King manages to hide his children and his wives in a safe place, then he goes with the few soldiers he has to face Alak. The King and soldiers place high explosives on a wooden bridge high above a canyon floor, as Alak and his army approaches. The King orders his "army" to stay back and rides to the bridge with only two soldiers. Alak, in front of his army, confronts the King on the bridge. Anna and Louis then orchestrate a brilliant deception from their hiding spot in the forest: Louis uses his horn to replicate the sound of a bugle charge, as Anna "attacks" the area with harmless fireworks. The ploy works as the Burmese, believing the King has brought British soldiers, retreat in a panic. Alak attempts to recall them, but his efforts prove to be futile. Alak stands alone, but the King refuses to kill him, saying that Alak shall have to live with his shame. As the King turns to ride back to Siam, Alak picks up a gun and aims at the King, but the explosives are detonated, blowing the bridge to pieces, and Alak along with it. At the end of the film, the King has one last dance with Anna, and realizes that it is conceivable for one man to be pleased by only one woman. Anna returns to England with Louis. The King\'s son takes over, and abolishes slavery.'] ['Gandalf the Grey gives his life in battle against the Balrog, giving the Fellowship of the Ring time to escape from the Mines of Moria. Weeks later, Frodo Baggins and Samwise Gamgee continue their journey to Mordor to destroy the One Ring and, with it, the Dark Lord Sauron. One night, they are attacked by Gollum, who possessed the Ring for centuries before losing it to Frodo\'s uncle Bilbo, and who now seeks to get it back. Frodo and Sam capture Gollum, but Frodo takes pity on him, understanding the burden of the Ring. Requiring a guide, Frodo persuades Gollum to lead them to Mordor. Sam, however, despises Gollum on sight and warns Frodo that the wily creature will betray them. In Rohan, Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli pursue the Uruk-hai, who have taken Merry and Pippin prisoner. Meanwhile, King Théoden of Rohan has been entranced by Gríma Wormtongue, who is secretly in the service of Saruman the White. Incited by Saruman, Orcs and Wild Men of Dunland lay siege to the lands. Théoden\'s nephew Éomer accuses Gríma of being a spy; Gríma has him banished for undermining him. Éomer sets forth to the countryside to gather the remaining loyal men of the Rohirrim. Éomer\'s army later ambush and kill the Uruk-hai holding Merry and Pippin. Merry and Pippin flee into Fangorn forest and meet Treebeard, the oldest of the Ents. Frodo, Sam and Gollum traverse the Dead Marshes, evading a Nazgûl. Upon reaching the Black Gate, they find it closed and guarded by Orcs. Gollum convinces the pair that attempting to enter the gate will lead to their capture, offering instead to lead them to an unguarded entrance. After being informed by Éomer of his ambush against the Uruk-hai, Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli find Merry and Pippin\'s trail. The trio are confronted by Gandalf, reborn as Gandalf the White after dying in battle with the Balrog. Gandalf joins with the trio as they journey to Edoras. After arriving, they free Théoden from Gríma\'s spell, and tell the king about the death of his son Théodred. After mourning his son, Théoden decides to move his people to the stronghold Helm\'s Deep for safety. Fearing Helm\'s Deep will not survive, Gandalf leaves to find Éomer and his forces. Gríma flees to Orthanc and informs Saruman of a weakness in the outer wall of Helm\'s Deep. Saruman dispatches his vast army to the stronghold. Meanwhile, Gollum struggles with his loyalty to Frodo and his consuming need for the Ring. When Sam and Frodo are captured by Rangers of Ithilien, Frodo reveals Gollum\'s presence to spare his life; Gollum nevertheless feels betrayed, and begins plotting against his new "master". As Théoden\'s forces travel to Helm\'s Deep, they are attacked by Saruman\'s Warg riders and Aragorn is thrown from a cliff into a raging river and believed to be dead. In Rivendell, Elrond convinces his daughter Arwen to abandon her love for Aragorn and leave Middle-earth with her fellow Elves. Meanwhile, Éowyn, Theoden\'s niece, nurtures a growing affection for Aragorn, who remains faithful to Arwen. Learning of Frodo\'s Ring, the Rangers\' captain, Faramir, orders that it be sent to Gondor. In Rohan, the barely-alive Aragorn washes up on the river bank. With the aid of Théodred\'s old horse Brego, he makes his way to Helm\'s Deep and warns Théoden that he has seen the Isengard army headed for the fortress. Theoden gathers every man possible to fight against Saruman\'s army of Uruk-hai. When night falls a battalion of Elves arrive to re-enforce the men of Rohan. In Fangorn Forest, Merry, Pippin, Treebeard and other Ents hold a council to decide on the role of the Ents in the war with Saruman. The battle of Helm\'s Deep begins between the Uruk-Hai and Rohirrim with Aragorn and his companions. Explosives are used against the weakness in the wall, allowing the Orcs to breach the fortress. In Fangorn, Treebeard and the other Ents initially refuse to get involved in the war until Pippin shows them that Saruman has decimated the forest; enraged, Treebeard commands the Ents to seek vengeance. Aragorn leads Théoden, Legolas and the remaining Rohirrim to attack the Uruk-hai army, allowing the Rohirrim\'s women and children to escape into the mountains. Gandalf appears, accompanied by Éomer and his men. The combined forces cause the Uruk-hai to flee into Fangorn, where the Ents and their Huorn allies attack them. At Isengard, the Ents defeat the Uruk-hai and release the river dam, drowning the surviving Orc defenders, flooding Isengard, and stranding Saruman in his tower. In the East, Faramir has the Hobbits taken to Osgiliath. Faramir\'s forces are attacked by Orcs led by a Nazgûl. Frodo momentarily succumbs to the Ring\'s influence and attacks Sam, but comes to his senses when Sam tearfully reminds him of their friendship. The Nazgûl is defeated and flees. Faramir frees the Hobbits and sends them on their journey, joined by Gollum. Gandalf remarks that Sauron will seek retribution for Saruman\'s defeat, stating that hope now rests with Frodo and Sam. At that same moment, Gollum vows to reclaim the Ring, and plans to have "her" kill Frodo and Sam.'] ['Chris a naive lad, suspended between school and college, and Jenny, a free spirit fleeing a traumatised childhood, fall in love against the backdrop of modern Oxford. But they are caught in the crossfire, as the past of Barry Miller catches up with him in the form of Carson, a gangster out for revenge.http://www.tbtproject.com/splashsite/about.html'] ['All but abandoned by her family in a London retirement hotel, Mrs Palfrey  strikes up a curious friendship with a young writer, Ludovic Meyer . Fate brings them together after she has an accident outside his basement flat. The two newly found friends discover they have a lot more in common with each other than they do with other people their own age. Ludovic inadvertently leads Mrs. Palfrey through her past; Mrs. Palfrey inadvertently leads Ludovic to his future. The 1945 British film Brief Encounter figures into the plot, as does Beaulieu Castle.'] ['Karen Stone , an actress, and her businessman husband are off on holiday to Rome. On the plane, her husband suffers a fatal heart attack. Karen decides to stay in Italy and rent a luxury apartment in Rome. The Contessa Magda Terribili-Gonzales  soon introduces her to a young Italian man, Paolo . Karen and Paolo embark on a passionate affair, with disastrous consequences.'] ["The movie tells the story of Phillip Dimitrius , a middle-aged New York City architect who is going through a difficult mid-life crisis. After learning that his wife Antonia has been having an affair, Dimitrius leaves New York City and moves to a Greek island with his teenage daughter, Miranda . In Athens he meets Aretha Tomalin , a singer, and they become lovers. Mysteriously, he takes a vow of celibacy after they move to the island. Living on the island is Kalibanos, an eccentric hermit , who previously was its only resident. Phillip Dimitrius finally seems happy, until one day a twist of fate brings his wife, her new lover Alonzo , and Alonzo's son to the island due to a shipwreck."] ['Wesley,  a car thief and musician sent to live at a halfway house on the campus of a Christian college meets Vernon,  an autistic piano player in need of a friend. Together they team up with the struggling halfway house band to create the Killer Diller Blues Band.'] ['Financial disaster looms for Grand Fenwick when the current vintage of its only export, wine, starts exploding in would-be consumers\' faces. Prime Minister Mountjoy  decides to ask the United States for a loan, ostensibly to fund its entry in the race to the Moon, but actually to save the duchy . The devious politician knows that the Americans will not believe him, but will consider the half million dollars he is asking for to be cheap propaganda supporting their hollow call for international cooperation in space. He is delighted when they send him double the amount as an outright gift. The Soviets, not wishing to be one-upped by their Cold War rivals, deliver an obsolete rocket. Mountjoy asks resident scientist Professor Kokintz  to arrange a small explosion during the "launch" of their lunar rocket to make it look like they have actually spent the money as intended. Meanwhile, Mountjoy\'s son Vincent  returns after being educated in England. Mountjoy is disappointed to find that Vincent has picked up the British sense of fair play and the ambition to be an astronaut. Professor Kokintz has pleasant news for Vincent: he has discovered that the wine makes excellent rocket fuel. Together, they secretly begin preparing the rocket for flight. Maurice Spender , a bumbling spy sent by the suspicious British, is given a tour of the ship, including the shower heads converted into attitude jets, and reports back to his bosses that it is all a hoax. Mountjoy invites the Americans, Soviets, and British to the launching. To everyone\'s surprise, the rocket leisurely takes off with Kokintz and Vincent aboard. Kokintz calculates it will take three weeks to reach the Moon. Humiliated, the Americans and Soviets decide to risk sending their own manned rockets, timing it so they will land at the same time as  Grand Fenwick\'s ship. However, Vincent accidentally hits a switch, speeding up the vessel, and he and Kokintz become the first to set foot on the Moon. The latecomers are greatly disappointed. When the Americans and Soviets try to race home to salvage some sort of propaganda coup, they enter the wrong ships and each descend deep into the lunar dust. The American and Soviet spacemen have to hitch a ride with Kokintz and Vincent. They return to Grand Fenwick during a memorial ceremony . The diplomats immediately begin squabbling about who reached the Moon first.'] ["On November 5, 1975 in Snowflake, Arizona, logger Travis Walton , and his co-workers—Mike Rogers , Allan Dallis , David Whitlock , Greg Hayes  and Bobby Cogdill —head to work in the White Mountains. Coming home from work, the men come across an unidentified flying object on their drive home. Curious to learn more, Walton gets out of their truck and is struck by a beam of light from the object. Fearing Walton was just killed, the others flee the scene. Rogers decides to go back to the spot to retrieve Walton, but he is nowhere to be found. Making their way back to town to report the incident, the loggers are met with skepticism, as they relate what sounds like a tall tale to Sheriff Blake Davis  and Lieutenant Frank Watters . They are suspected of foul play despite no apparent motive or knowledge of Walton's whereabouts. After interviewing the men, Lieutenant Watters realizes there is a lot of tension between Walton and Dallis, leading him to believe this might be a murder investigation. The Lieutenant also discovers a tabloid newspaper in their truck with headlines about aliens, hinting that they used the article to concoct their story. The men are accused of murder and are threatened by Travis's brother Dan Walton ([[Scott MacDonald . The men are offered a lie detector test and take it. Dallis' test is inconclusive. After the testing is complete, Rogers is outraged to know that the results aren't shared. Five days later, Rogers receives a call from someone claiming to be Walton. He is found at a gas station, alive but naked, dehydrated and incoherent. A Ufologist questions Walton but he is thrown out and Walton is taken to a hospital. Rogers visits Walton while in the emergency room, and blames the whole incident on Walton for getting out of the truck. During a welcome home party, Walton suffers a flashback of the abduction by the extraterrestrials. In his hallucination, Walton wakes up in a cocoon. He attempts to escape but has to deal with a weightless environment. After they discover him wandering around, the aliens drag Walton to an exam room for experimentation. Stripping him to his underwear and covering him with a rubber sheet, which pins him to an examination table, the aliens subject him to an extremely painful examination in which he is forced to endure a probe through his eye. While interviewing Walton, Lieutenant Watters expresses his doubts about the abduction as merely a hoax. He notes Walton's new found celebrity because of the tabloids' attempts to profit from his tale. The film culminates with a denouement between Walton and Rogers. The closing titles state that in 1993, the loggers were resubmitted to additional polygraph examinations which they passed, corroborating their innocence."] ["In 1933 Texas school teacher and aspiring writer Novalyne Price is introduced by friends to pulp fiction writer Robert E. Howard. A relationship soon develops between the two but it is doomed by personality conflicts and life events, such as the terminal illness of Howard's mother."] ["Husband and wife Bill and Bertie Austin and their daughter live in a low-rent apartment. He's a struggling writer, at least until agent Lucinda Ford breaks the news that she's sold his book to a publisher, including the rights to turn it into a Broadway play. A new house in Connecticut is the first way to celebrate. But during the long hours Bill is away working on the play, Bertie befriends hard-drinking neighbor Fran Cabrell and her boyfriend Wylie, who plant seeds of suspicion in Bertie's mind that Bill and his beautiful agent might be more than just business partners. Bertie jealously retaliates by flirting with Gar Aldrich, an actor who will be in her husband's play. Bill goes to Connecticut for a heart-to-heart talk, finds Gar there and punches him. But when the play's a success, Bill and Bertie decide to give married life one more try."] ["The film centers around a family of Swedish immigrants in Nebraska around the turn of the 20th century. The family's father dies and leaves the family farm to his daughter. She does her best to make the farm work when many others are giving up and leaving."] ["Set in the late 19th-century New Mexico, Samuel Jones reappears hoping to reconcile with his adult daughter Maggie Gilkeson. She is unable to forgive him for abandoning the family and leaving her mother to a hard life and early death. This situation changes when Pesh-Chidin and a dozen of his followers who have left the reservation pass through the area, ritualistically killing settlers and taking their daughters to be sold into prostitution and slavery across the Mexican border. Among those captured is Maggie's eldest daughter, Lilly. Maggie's rancher boyfriend Brake Baldwin was among the settlers killed. The U.S. Cavalry refuses to help retrieve the captive women as its resources are tied up conducting forced relocation of captive Native Americans. This leaves Maggie, her father, and her younger daughter Dot alone in tracking the attackers. The group unexpectedly meets up with Kayitah, a Chiricahua, and an old friend of Jones, who also happens to be tracking the attackers with his son Honesco, because among the captives is a young Chiricahua woman who is engaged to Honesco. After the two agree to join the group, and Maggie treats Honesco's injuries, Kayitah informs Maggie that Jones had been a member of their Chiricahua band where he gained the name Chaa-duu-ba-its-iidan,  during his wanderings. It is finally with the combined efforts of the two families that they are able to free the women, at the cost of Kayitah's life, and immediately flee to the mountains with the kidnappers behind them. Knowing they have no other choice but to stand their ground, the group fights off the remaining kidnappers including Two Stone. During the battle, Jones fights El Brujo, the one responsible for kidnapping his granddaughter, Lilly. When Brujo attempts to kill Maggie with a pistol, Jones sacrifices his life to save his daughter as both he and Brujo fall off a cliff to their deaths. Maggie shoots the last remaining kidnapper Naazhaao to death. She realizes her father's love for her and finally forgives him."] ['The film follows the existential crisis of an unnamed urban sophisticate  who becomes aware of the nature of world politics, economic exploitation and the vapid consumerism around her. A series of events lead her to visit an unnamed third world country, representing an exotic location somewhere in Eastern Europe, where the entire economy and populace are geared towards the tourist industry. Even as she enjoys the rare taste of its products she is made starkly aware of the reality behind the façade by a journalist  who, subsequently, suggests a visit to the country\'s war-torn neighbour in order to experience a true picture of life in the region. She does so and her life is changed forever. Once back, and now acutely attuned to the world about her, she can no longer fit back into her old elitist and consumer-driven lifestyle; watching operas, discussing art and theatre with friends, shopping for "beautiful things" and aggrandizing her trifling everyday struggles, all seem meaningless to her compared with her recent macro epiphany. Compared with the global struggle for existence, her life begins to feel insignificant. Having lived in the bubble her guilt-free, pleasure-filled, life she is now challenged to look beyond comfort and soon finds herself in the throes of a moral dilemma, questioning the moral consistency of her own life and the choices that have had an impact on the lives of the poor in far corners of the globe. She feels that she cannot be truly free having apprehended this new reality, which confronts her blindness to the harsh truths of the class struggle and her sense of entitlement, which had, in the past, been broken, only occasionally, by displays of sympathy. She returns to the war-torn nation to explore her feelings further, this new reality now drawing her ever deeper. This leads to a delirious bout of fever in a run-down hotel where her inner-self challenges her need for comfort and entitlement, culminating in a moment of spiritual awakening and a perceived \'oneness\' with all reality. Finally she sees the truth about her own life and her innate connection with every human being, apprehending the transient nature of her material life. She can no longer sit, immersed in her personal comforts and vanity, or "clean sheets" as she terms it, and pretend it’s all right when the world around her is filled with strife and exploitation for millions of people. She is lustrated of her previous immunity towards their predicament and is, by extension, finally able to see the truth of own life, as summarised by film\'s tag-line: Enlightenment Can Be Brutal.<ref name2885302&cpThe+Fever&searchIdsearch The Fever] HBO Films.The Fever Amazon.com.The Fever Turner classic.'] ["Missie Davis  is a hard-working woman who is devoted to both her teaching profession and agricultural labor. She almost fell deeply in love with Grant Thomas , a railroad heir who begins to court her. However, Willie Nathan LaHaye , an odd stranger with a troubled past, appears. Willie helps Missie's father after he has an almost fatal accident. Positioned in a dilemma between two distinct men, Missie learns what is truly important."] ['Set on the campus of a small New England college, the film focuses on the volatile relationship of associate history professor George and his hard-drinking wife Martha, the daughter of the college president. It\'s 2:00 Sunday morning, and they have returned from one of her father\'s gatherings. Martha announces she has invited a young couple—Nick, a young, good-looking, newly appointed instructor, and his mousey wife Honey—to join them for drinks. George is disturbed because she did so without consulting him first, prompting Martha to launch into the first of many loud and lengthy tirades during which she taunts and criticizes him. Knowing his wife is drunk and quite lewd, he asks her to behave herself when they arrive, and when the doorbell rings, he warns her to refrain from mentioning their child to their company. Overhearing Martha\'s crude retort as the door opens , Nick and Honey immediately feel ill at ease and quickly find themselves caught in the middle of a verbal war zone when their efforts to engage in small talk set off a volley of insults between their hosts. Martha begins to flirt lewdly with Nick while his meek wife tries to pretend she is unaware of what is happening. While Martha is showing Honey where the bathroom is, George tests Nick\'s verbal sparring skills, but the young man is no match for his host. Realizing he and his wife are becoming embroiled in the middle of marital warfare, he suggests they depart, but George cajoles him into staying. Upon returning to the living room alone, Honey innocently mentions to George she was unaware he and Martha had a son on the verge of celebrating his sixteenth birthday. Martha reappears in a new outfit—form-fitting slacks and a revealing blouse—and when her husband makes a snide remark about the ensemble, she begins to demean his abilities as a teacher, then escalates her seduction of Nick, complimenting him on the body he developed as both a quarterback and an intercollegiate state boxing champion while criticizing George\'s paunch. She informs their guests about a past incident when George refused to engage in a friendly outdoor boxing match with his father-in-law and Martha put on a pair of gloves and punched him in the jaw, knocking him into the bushes. As she relates the story, George aims a shotgun at the back of her head, causing Honey to scream. He pulls the trigger, which releases an umbrella, while he tells his wife she\'s dead. Honey again raises the subject of George and Martha\'s son, prompting the couple to engage in a conversation Martha quickly tries to end without success. To counterattack George\'s relentless comments about the boy, she tells their guests her husband is unsure the child is his own, although he most assuredly is. They argue about the color of the boy\'s eyes until George threatens to expose the truth about the boy. Furious, Martha accuses him of being a failure whose youthful, idealistic plans for the future slowly deteriorated as he came to realize he wasn\'t aggressive enough to follow in his father-in-law\'s footsteps, leaving her stuck with a flop. George cuts the diatribe short, first by smashing a bottle of gin against the fireplace mantle, and then by spinning Honey around and mockingly singing, "Who\'s afraid of Virginia Woolf?", a joke Martha had made herself during the party earlier that evening. Inebriated and on the verge of throwing up from George\'s spinning, Honey rushes from the room. Martha goes to the kitchen to make coffee, and George and Nick go outside. The younger man confesses he was attracted to Honey more for her family\'s money than passion, and married her only because she mistakenly believed she was pregnant. George describes his own marriage as one of never-ending accommodation and adjustment, then admits he considers Nick a threat. George also tells a story about a boy he grew up with. This boy had accidentally killed his mother. Years later, George claims the boy was driving with his father. He swerved to "miss a porcupine" in the road, and the resulting accident killed his father. The boy ended up living out his days in a mental hospital. When their guests propose leaving, George insists on driving them home. In the car, the talk returns to George and Martha\'s son. They approach a roadhouse, and Honey suggests they stop to dance. While Honey and George watch, Nick suggestively dances with Martha, who continues to mock George and criticize his inadequacies. George unplugs the jukebox and announces the game is over. In response, Martha alludes to the fact he may have murdered his parents like the protagonist in his unpublished, non-fiction novel, prompting George to strangle Martha until Nick manages to pull him away from her. George persuades the owner to serve them one more round before closing and suggests that, having played a game of Humiliate the Host, the quartet should now engage in Hump the Hostess or Get the Guests. He then tells the group about a second novel he allegedly has written about a young couple from the Midwest, a good-looking teacher and his timid wife, who marry because of her hysterical pregnancy and then settle in a small college town. An embarrassed Honey realizes Nick indiscreetly told George about their past and runs from the room. Nick promises revenge on George, and then runs after Honey. In the parking lot, George tells his wife he cannot stand the way she constantly humiliates him, and she tauntingly accuses him of having married her for just that reason. Their rage erupts into a declaration of "total war". Martha drives off, retrieving Nick and Honey, leaving George to makes his way back home on foot. When he arrives home, he discovers Honey nearly delirious and realizes that his wife and Nick are presently engaged in a sexual encounter. Through Honey\'s drunken babbling, George begins to suspect that her pregnancy was in fact real, and that she secretly had an abortion. He then devises a plan to get back at Martha. When Martha accuses Nick of being sexually inadequate, he blames his impotency on all the liquor he has consumed. George then appears and requests that everyone gather once more for one last game. He mentions his and Martha\'s son, prompting her to reminisce about his birth and childhood and how he was nearly destroyed by his father. George accuses Martha of engaging in destructive and abusive behavior with the boy, who frequently ran away to escape her sexual advances. George then announces he has received a telegram with bad news—the boy was killed the previous afternoon on a country road when he swerved to avoid hitting a porcupine and crashed into a tree. As Martha argues with George that he "can\'t do this" and begs him not to "kill" their son, Nick suddenly realizes the truth—Martha and George had never been able to have a baby, for reasons that are unexplained. Instead, their game together is to imagine they have a son and invent situations and stories of him. By declaring their son dead, accordingly, George has "killed" him.  The young couple departs quietly, and George and Martha are left alone as the day begins to break outside. They speak quietly, and in the last lines Martha answers the title question with "I am, George, I am."'] ['Frank Towns  is the pilot of a twin-engine Fairchild C-82 Packet cargo aircraft from Jaghbub flying to Benghazi in Libya. Lew Moran  is the navigator while the passengers are Capt. Harris  and Sgt. Watson  of the British army; Dr. Renaud , a physician; Heinrich Dorfmann , a German aeronautical engineer; Mr. Standish , an oil company accountant; and several oil workers that include Trucker Cobb , a mentally disturbed foreman; Ratbags Crow , a mean-spirited, sardonic Scot; Carlos  and his pet monkey; and Gabriel . A sudden sandstorm shuts down the engines, forcing Towns to crash-land in the desert. As the aircraft careens to a stop, several oil drums and oil drilling gear break loose and severely injure Gabriel\'s leg. Two other workers are killed. With no functioning radio to call for help, the survivors wait to be rescued, but the storm blew them too far off-course to be found. Although they have a large quantity of dates for food, they calculate their water will only last for 10 to 15 days provided they avoid physical exertion. Harris and Carlos attempt to walk to an oasis. Carlos leaves his monkey behind with the men. Harris and Towns refuse to let Cobb go along due to his increasing mental instability, but he defiantly follows and dies. Days later, Harris returns to the crash site alone and barely alive. Meanwhile, Dorfmann has been working on a radical idea: He believes they can build a new aircraft from the wreckage. The C-82 has twin booms extending rearwards from each engine and connected by the horizontal stabilizer. Dorfmann\'s plan is to attach the outer panel of the right wing to the left engine, left boom and left wing outer panel, discarding the center fuselage and both inner wing panels of the aircraft. Harris and Moran believe he is either joking or deluded, and the animosity between Towns the veteran pilot and Dorfmann the aircraft designer increases. Post war anti-German sentiment also simmers under the surface. The struggle is complicated by a personality clash between Towns, who is a proud old traditionalist, and Dorfmann, a young, equally proud technician. Moran, a good natured man suffering from alcoholism, struggles to keep the peace. The tension only gets worse when Dorfmann bluntly explains that Gabriel will die before the aircraft flies. Although Towns is resistant, Renaud points out that activity and any hope will keep the men\'s morale up and so Towns agrees to the plan. Dorfmann supervises as the workers cut, haul, and weld parts of the aircraft. Towns is doubtful the plans will succeed. During the work, Gabriel takes his own life by slitting his wrist with a knife. The men are so depressed by the loss they contemplate giving up the new plane\'s construction. Things seem even bleaker when Towns discovers that Dorfmann has taken extra rations of water. However, Dorfmann promises to not do so again if they all work equally hard. Moran talks Towns into resuming work on the aircraft. When the new aircraft is almost complete, Standish labels it "The Phoenix" after the mythical bird that is reborn from its ashes. Any good moods, however, are quashed when Harris and Renaud are murdered by a band of native raiders. Final plans are made for the Phoenix\'s flight. Dorfmann loses his temper and stops working after Towns insists on testing the engine, which would deplete the scarce supply of explosive Coffman engine starter cartridges. Once again Moran must patch up the feud and work continues. Towns and Moran learn that Dorfmann designs model aircraft instead of full-sized aircraft. Dorfmann claims the principles are the same, but Towns and Moran are horrified at the idea of flying an aircraft made by a man who works with "toys." Without any other choice, however, Towns and Moran forge ahead with the plan and don\'t tell the others of their discovery. Just as the water runs out, the Phoenix is completed. Dorfmann panics when four cartridges fail to start the engine and Towns wants to use one of the remaining three cartridges just to clear the engine\'s cylinders. Dorfmann objects, but Towns ignores him and fires one cartridge with the ignition off. The penultimate cartridge succeeds. The men pull the Phoenix to a nearby hilltop and climb onto the wings with Carlos\'s pet monkey in tow. When Towns guns the engine, the Phoenix slides down the hill and along a lake bed before taking off. After the Phoenix lands at an oasis with a manned oil rig, the men celebrate and Towns and Dorfmann reconcile.'] ['Pre-World War II Paris is crowded with illegal refugees, trying to evade deportation. One of them is Dr. Ravic , who under a false name practices medicine illegally, helping other refugees. He saves Joan Madou  from committing suicide after the sudden death of her lover. They become involved, but he is deported and she becomes the mistress of a wealthy man, Alex . All this time Ravic seeks revenge against the Nazi officer Haake , with war eventually declared between France and Germany.'] ["The movie is based on Tim McLoughlin's novel Heart of the Old Country, which has Mike Manadoro  as a 19-year-old Brooklyn boy who is torn between two worlds. When Mike's photography portfolio wins him a partial scholarship to New York University, he must figure out how to balance his tight-knit Italian neighborhood roots in Bay Ridge with the opportunity to blend into the expansive, sophisticated world on the other side of the East River. Since his job at a local car service doesn't earn him enough to make up for the rest of the tuition, and his father, a retired sanitation worker on disability, refuses to support Mike's attempts for financial aid out of pride, Mike ultimately takes a job making deliveries for Tony, the local mob boss, to make up the difference. Mike not only has to balance work with his academic assignments, he has to manage his personal relationships as well. This includes his attraction to a beautiful, cool, intellectual young woman, Kathy Popovich  he meets at NYU, with his responsibility to his longtime girlfriend Gina  from the neighborhood whom he's promised to marry. The stakes grow higher as he faces consequential choices from turning his back on all he knows and pursuing a new life."] ['The story takes place in Northern Italy, during the early 14th century. Franciscan monk William of Baskerville and his novice Adso of Melk  arrive at a Benedictine abbey where a mysterious death has occurred ahead of an important theological Church conference. William, known for his deductive and analytic mind, confronts the worried Abbot and gains permission to investigate the death – a young illuminator appears to have committed suicide. Over the next few days, several other bizarre deaths occur, and the two gradually discover that everything is not what it seems in the abbey. William and Adso also make the acquaintance of Salvatore, a demented hunchback who speaks gibberish in various languages, and his handler and protector, Remigio da Varagine who, as events prove, also has a shady past. William quickly deduces from Salvatore\'s speech, that he had once been a member of a heretical sect and infers that Remigio likewise had been involved. He suspects that they may have been involved in the killings. Meanwhile, Adso encounters a beautiful semi-feral peasant girl who has apparently sneaked into the abbey to trade sexual favours for food; she seduces him, and he falls in love with her. Investigating and keen to head off accusations of demonic possession, the protagonists discover and explore a labyrinthine library in the abbey\'s forbidden principal tower. William is astonished to find that it is "one of the greatest libraries in all Christendom," containing dozens of works by Classical masters such as Aristotle, thought to have been lost for centuries. William deduces that the library is kept hidden because such advanced knowledge, coming from pagan philosophers, is difficult to reconcile with Christianity. It becomes clear that the only remaining copy of Aristotle\'s Second Book of Poetics is somehow related to the deaths. He further deduces that all of those who died had read the book. His investigations are curtailed by the arrival of Bernardo Gui of the Inquisition, summoned for the conference and keen to prosecute those he deems responsible for the deaths. The two men clashed in the past, and the zealous inquisitor has no time for theories outside his own. Salvatore and the girl are found fighting over a black cockerel while in the presence of a black cat. Gui presents this as irrefutable proof that they are in league with Satan and tortures Salvatore into confessing. Salvatore, Remigio, and the girl are dragged before a tribunal, where Gui intimidates the Abbot into concurring with his judgment of heresy. But William, also "invited" by Gui to serve on the panel of judges, refuses to confirm the accusations of murder. Gui resorts to extracting a confession from Remigio by the threat of torture, and clearly plans to take care of William for good, later. When another monk succumbs like the others, William and Adso ascend the forbidden library, and come face to face with the Venerable Jorge, the most ancient denizen of the abbey, with the book, which describes comedy and how it may be used to teach. Believing laughter and jocularity to be instruments of the Devil, Jorge has poisoned the pages to stop the spread of what he considers dangerous ideas: those reading it would ingest the poison as they licked their fingers to aid in turning pages. Confronted, Jorge throws over a candle, starting a blaze that quickly engulfs the library. William insists that Adso flee, as he manages to collect an inadequate armload of invaluable books to save; the volume of Poetics, Jorge, and the rest of the library are lost. Meanwhile, Salvatore and Remigio have been burned at the stake, and the girl is soon to follow, when the local peasants take advantage of the chaos of the library fire to free her and turn on Gui. Gui attempts to flee but they throw his wagon off a cliff, to his death. William and Adso later take their leave. A much older Adso reflects in his closing narration that he never regretted his decision to continue on with William, and that the girl was the only earthly love of his life, yet he never learned her name.'] ['A woman who believes she has been chosen by God to heal people is taken in by a greedy promoter and his shrewish wife to make the rounds of the rural South.'] ['{{Copy edit-section}} The film begins at Paris-Orly Airport where Marjane Satrapi  is unable to board a plane to Iran, for reasons that are not clearly explained. Sitting down to smoke a cigarette, she remembers her life as a girl in 1978 at the age of 9. As a child, Marji lived in Tehran with dreams of being a prophet and an emulator of Bruce Lee. Juxtaposing her childhood ambitions is the general uprising against the US-backed Shah of Iran, with her middle-class family participating in rallies and protests with high hopes for a better society. Meanwhile, Marji attempts to identify with her generation\'s point of view, whether it is threatening the child of an unpopular government official, or competing for the greater childish prestige of having a relative who has been a political prisoner the longest time. Marji and a group of friends attempt to attack a young boy whose father, a member of SAVAK, killed Communists for fun, but they are stopped by her mother, Taji . That night, God appears before her to teach her about forgiveness, and about how she should not take justice into her own hands. One day Marji\'s Uncle Anoush arrives to have dinner with the family and catch up with them after recently being released from prison. Anoush tells Marji about his life on the run from the government for rebelling with his Communist ideology, his role in the establishment of Azerbaijan People\'s Government and that he was imprisoned by Iranian authorities when he attempted to return to Iran from the Soviet Union. He also speaks of his nine years spent in prison to subtly warn Marji of the consequences of standing up for innocent people, but that she should always remember her family and remain true to herself. During this time all political enemies ceased fighting and elections for a new leading power commenced. However, things do not get any better for the family, who is profoundly upset when Islamic Fundamentalists win the elections with 99.99% of the vote and start repressing Iranian society. The hands of the law, now controlled by Khomeini, make things worse for the Iranian people, for instance by forcing women to dress modestly , or by rearresting and executing Anoush for his political beliefs. Profoundly disillusioned, Marji rejects her prophetic aspirations before God and tries with her family to fit into the reality of the intolerant regime. To make things worse, the Iran-Iraq war breaks out and Marji sees for herself the horrors of death and destruction; the Iranian government begins implementing ridiculous laws that create blatant injustices. Marji witnesses her father threatened by teenage government officials wielding AK-47\'s and watches her critically ill uncle die because an unqualified government-appointed hospital administrator refuses to let him go abroad for medical treatment. The family tries to find some solace in secret parties where they can enjoy simple pleasures the government has outlawed, such as alcohol. As she grows up, Marji begins a life of over-confidence, where she refuses to stay out of trouble, secretly buys Western heavy metal music, notably Iron Maiden, on the black market, wears unorthodox clothing such as a denim jacket, celebrates punk rock and other Western music sensations like Michael Jackson, and openly rebuts a teacher\'s lies about the abuses of the government. Fearing her arrest for her outspokenness, Marji\'s parents make the difficult decision to send her to a French Lycée in Vienna, Austria in 1983, where she could be safe and free to express herself. She lives with Catholic nuns when she arrives and soon finds herself on edge with the discriminatory and judgmental nuns. Marji does make new friends, but ultimately she feels intolerably isolated in a foreign land surrounded by annoyingly superficial people who take their freedom for granted. As the years go by, Marji is thrown out of her temporary shelter for insulting a nun, and is driven out into the streets. Marji continues to go from house to house, until ending up in a house of Frau Dr. Schloss, a retired philosophy teacher. One night, her grandmother\'s voice about staying true to herself resonates within her when she leaves a party after lying about her nationality, telling an acquaintance that she was French. Her shame culminates in a passionate love affair with Markus, a debonair native, which tragically ends on her eighteenth birthday when she discovers him cheating on her. Also, her previous lover reveals himself to be homosexual after a bad sexual experience with Marji. Marji falls apart over her breakup, and when she is accused of stealing Frau Dr. Schloss\'s brooch, Marji gets fed up and angrily leaves. She spends the day on a park bench, and reflects upon how cruel Markus was to her. She soon discovers that she has nowhere to go and ends up living on the street for a few months. Eventually, she becomes so ill that she contracts bronchitis, and almost ends up dying. Marji recovers in a Vienna hospital, and returns to Iran in 1987, with her family\'s permission and hopes that the conclusion of the war would mean an improved life there. After whiling away her time in front of television for days on end, doing nothing to advance her life, Marji falls into a clinical depression over the state of affairs in Iran and the misery that has nearly ruined her family. It is not clearly explained in the movie, but she attempts suicide by overdosing on her medication. She gets into bed and closes her eyes before she enters a dream where God and the spirit of Karl Marx appear to remind her of what is important and encourage her to go on with living. She bounces back with renewed determination and begins enjoying life again: she attends university classes, goes to parties, and even enters into a relationship with a fellow student, Reza. With the recent death of Khomeini, Marji notices that things have gradually worsened. She discovers that Iranian society is more tyrannized than ever, with numerous atrocities occurring. With Ali Khamenei now controlling the society, mass executions for political beliefs and petty religious absurdities and hypocrisies have become common in everyday life, much to Marji\'s dismay; for instance, she and her boyfriend are caught holding hands and their parents forced to pay a fine. While this makes living as both a student and a woman intolerable, Marji manages to hold on to her rebellious attitude. However, she starts resorting to personal survival tactics to protect herself, such as falsely accusing a man of making a pass at her to avoid being arrested for wearing make up and marrying her boyfriend to avoid scrutiny by the religious police. Her grandmother, disappointed by Marji\'s behaviour, berates Marji, and tells her that both her grandfather and her uncle died supporting freedom and innocent people, and that she never forsake them or her family by succumbing to the repressive environment of Iran. Marji, realizing her mistake, does what she can to fix it, and her grandmother is pleased upon hearing that Marji openly confronted the blatant sexist double standard in her university\'s forum on public morality. By 1994, her marriage is falling apart and things come to an end when the police raid a party, resulting in a friend being killed trying to escape. After these incidents and her subsequent divorce from Reza, the family decides that Marji should leave the country permanently to avoid being targeted by the Iranian authorities as a political dissident. Marji\'s mother then forbids Marji from coming back, to which Marji reluctantly agrees. Her grandmother was never to be seen again by Marji, and she dies soon after her departure. Marji is shown collecting her luggage and getting into a taxi. As the taxi pulls away from the south terminal of Paris-Orly Airport, the narrative cuts back to the present day. When the driver asks Marji where she is from, she replies "Iran", showing that she\'s kept the promise she made to Anoush and her grandmother years ago that she would remember where she came from and that she would always stay true to herself. The screen fades to black as she recalls her final memory of her grandmother telling her how she placed jasmine in her brassiere to allow her to smell lovely every day.'] ['21-year-old Annie Braddock  has just graduated from Montclair State University. Annie has no idea what or who she wants to be. While sitting in the park, Annie sees a young boy in a uniform almost getting run over. Annie saves him and then the boy\'s mother, Mrs. Alexandra X , but when she introduces herself as "Annie", Mrs. X mistakes her words for "Nanny" and hires her to look after her young son Grayer. Annie lies to her mother about taking a job at a bank and, in reality, moves in with the X\'s to be the nanny for Grayer, the boy she saved. Life with the incredibly privileged X\'s isn\'t all she thought it would be, and her life is complicated further when she falls for "Harvard Hottie" ([[Chris Evans , who lives in the building. Annie begins to notice that not only is Grayer being neglected, but so is Mrs. X, with Mr. X committing subtly obvious adultery and not treating her like a proper wife. Things turn for the worse when she gets fired, and in her rage, she looks for and finds the \'nanny cam\' in the X\'s house and records her feelings toward the X\'s. This is accidentally shown at a meeting for East-Side wives, and they all show sympathy toward their own nannies once they view the confrontation of Annie regarding the negligent ways of the parents toward their children and nannies. A few months later however, Harvard Hottie meets Annie in a park and gives her a letter he had received from Mrs. X. She writes how she left Mr. X and is now living a humble life, but now spends a lot more time with Grayer. This leads to a happier ending for all of them, as Annie walks off with Harvard Hottie.'] ['Act I "Combined Intelligence" agent James Bond comes under fire from an assassin: he manages to dodge the bullets and enters Casino Royale. There he meets his British contact, Clarence Leiter, who remembers "Card Sense Jimmy Bond" from when he played the Maharajah of Deauville. While Bond explains the rules of baccarat, Leiter explains Bond\'s mission: to defeat Le Chiffre at baccarat and force his Soviet spymasters to "retire" him. Bond then encounters a former lover, Valerie Mathis who is Le Chiffre\'s current girlfriend; he also meets Le Chiffre himself. Act II Bond beats Le Chiffre at baccarat but, when he returns to his hotel room, is confronted by Le Chiffre and his bodyguards, along with Mathis, who Le Chiffre has discovered is an agent of the Deuxième, France\'s external military intelligence agency at the time. Act III Le Chiffre tortures Bond in order to find out where Bond has hidden the cheque for his winnings, but Bond does not reveal where it is. After a fight between Bond and Le Chiffre\'s guards, Bond shoots and wounds Le Chiffre, saving Valerie in the process. Exhausted, Bond sits in a chair opposite Le Chiffre to talk. Mathis gets in between them and Le Chiffre grabs her from behind, threatening her with a concealed razor blade. As Le Chiffre moves towards the door with Mathis as a shield, she struggles, breaking free slightly and Bond is able to shoot Le Chiffre.'] ["Robinson Crusoe , a third son with few prospects, goes to sea against his father's wishes. On a voyage from Brazil to Africa to collect slaves, a storm forces him to abandon ship. He swims alone to a deserted island somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean on September 30, 1659. To his delight, the abandoned ship turns up on an offshore rock, allowing him to salvage food, tools, firearms and other items before it sinks. He herds goats, hunts game, makes clothes, and builds a home, with only the company of the dog Rex and the cat Sam, fellow castaways. Crusoe lets Sam and her kittens run wild. When Rex dies of old age in 1673, Crusoe nearly goes insane from loneliness. After 18 years, Crusoe discovers that cannibals are visiting his island with their victims. The next time he spots them with his telescope, he sees a prisoner  make a break for it, pursued by two cannibals. He knocks out one and shoots the other; when the first one regains consciousness, the escapee kills him. Crusoe takes the man back to his stockade. He names him Friday . Crusoe teaches him English and Western customs, and turns Friday into a servant. Crusoe does not trust him at first, believing Friday to also be a cannibal who would kill him if given the chance. He builds a door to the cave in which he takes to sleeping. When Friday enters without permission late one night to get an axe, Crusoe puts leg irons on him. The next day, however, Crusoe relents and takes them off. He comes to trust his new companion completely. After 28 years, Friday saves Crusoe from a cannibal sneaking up behind him. Seeing a large group, they flee back to their stockade. The cannibals, however, are driven off by white men with guns. Captain Oberzo  and his bosun  are the victims of a mutiny; the mutineers have landed to get fresh water and to maroon the two. Crusoe and Friday rescue the men and get away undetected. Friday then goes to the leader of the mutiny , offering him a basket of fruit, but the mutineers are more interested in the necklace of gold coins  he is wearing. Friday leads the greedy men to the stockade. There, Crusoe, Friday, Oberzo, and the bosun capture them. Oberzo regains control of his ship. At Crusoe's suggestion, Oberzo agrees to let the mutineers remain on the island. Crusoe leaves them his tools and instructions on how to survive. Crusoe leaves for home with Friday, having spent 28 years, two months, and 19 days on the island."] ['{{Expand section}} Anna Karenina  is the wife of Czarist official Karenin . While she tries to persuade her brother Stiva  from a life of debauchery, she becomes infatuated with dashing military officer Count Vronsky . This indiscreet liaison ruins her marriage and position in 19th century Russian society; she is even prohibited from seeing her own son Sergei .Anna Karenina, allmovie.com'] ["Slade, a serial killer, is a lodger in a 19th Century family's London home. So is a singer, Kitty Langley, who definitely has caught Slade's eye. Women are being killed in the Whitechapel district, brutally. Scotland Yard is investigating and a detective, John Warwick, begins to cast his suspicions in Slade's directions. Warwick, meanwhile, has also developed an attraction to Langley. Slade goes to see her perform at a cabaret. He goes backstage afterward and tries to make her his next victim, but Warwick's men get there just in time. Unwilling to be taken into police custody, Slade flees to the riverbank and leaps to his death."] ['The McKaskel family, newly arrived in 1876 Wyoming, get help by frontiersman Con Vallian to defend themselves against outlaws.'] ['The film begins in 1947 at Muroc Army Air Field, an arid California military base where test pilots often die flying high-speed aircraft such as the rocket-powered Bell X-1. After another pilot demands $150,000 to attempt to break the sound barrier, war hero Chuck Yeager  receives the chance to fly the X-1. While on a horseback ride with his wife Glennis , Yeager collides with a tree branch and breaks his ribs, which inhibits him from leaning over and locking the door to the X-1. Worried that his injury might become known, Yeager confides in friend and fellow pilot Jack Ridley . Ridley cuts off part of a broomstick and tells Yeager to use it as a lever to help seal the hatch to the X-1, and Yeager becomes the first man to fly at supersonic speed, defeating the "demon in the sky". In 1953 Muroc, now Edwards Air Force Base, still attracts the best test pilots. Yeager and friendly rival Scott Crossfield ([[Scott Wilson  repeatedly break the other\'s speed records. The "prime" pilots often visit the Happy Bottom Riding Club run by Pancho Barnes , where Gordon "Gordo" Cooper  and Virgil "Gus" Grissom  of the United States Air Force are among the newer "pudknockers" that hope to also prove that they have "the Right Stuff".Pancho Barnes classifies the pilots at Edwards as either "prime" pilots flying the best equipment or "pudknockers" who only dream about it. The tests are no longer secret, as the military recognizes that it needs good publicity for funding, and with "no bucks, no Buck Rogers". Cooper\'s wife, Trudy , and other wives are afraid of becoming widows, but cannot change their husbands\' ambitions and desire for success and fame. In 1957, the launch of the Russian Sputnik satellite alarms the United States government. Politicians such as Senator Lyndon B. Johnson and military leaders demand that NASA help America defeat the Russians in the new Space Race. The search for the first Americans in space excludes Yeager, because he lacks a college degree. Grueling physical and mental tests select the Mercury Seven astronauts, including John Glenn  of the United States Marine Corps, Alan Shepard  of the United States Navy, Cooper, Grissom, and three others; they immediately become national heroes. Although many early NASA rockets explode during launch, the ambitious astronauts all hope to be the first in space as part of Project Mercury. Although engineers see the men as passengers, the pilots insist that the Mercury spacecraft have a window, a hatch with explosive bolts, and pitch-yaw-roll controls. Shepard is the first to reach space on the 15-minute sub-orbital flight of Mercury-Redstone 3 in May 1961. After Grissom\'s sub-orbital flight on Mercury-Redstone 4 lands in the ocean, the spacecraft\'s hatch inexplicably jettisons during the ocean recovery and quickly fills with water. Grissom escapes, but the spacecraft, overweight with seawater, sinks. Many criticize Grissom for possibly panicking and opening the hatch prematurely. Glenn becomes the first American to orbit the Earth on Mercury-Atlas 6 in February 1962, surviving a possibly loose heat shield, and receives a ticker-tape parade. He, his colleagues, and their families become celebrities, including a gigantic celebration in Texas, despite Glenn\'s wife Annie\'s  fear of public speaking due to a stutter. Although test pilots at Edwards mock the Mercury program for sending "spam in a can" into space, they recognize that they are no longer the fastest men on Earth, and Yeager states that "it takes a special kind of man to volunteer for a suicide mission, especially when it\'s on national TV." While testing the new Lockheed NF-104A, Yeager attempts to set a new altitude record at the edge of space but is nearly killed in a high-speed ejection when his engines fail. Though badly burned, after reaching the ground Yeager gathers up his parachute and walks to the ambulance, proving that he still has the Right Stuff. The film ends with Cooper\'s successful launch in May 1963 on Mercury-Atlas 9, ending the Mercury program. As the last American to fly into space alone, he "went higher, farther, and faster than any other American ... for a brief moment, Gordo Cooper became the greatest pilot anyone had ever seen."'] ['Charles Brady and his mother Mary are Sleepwalkers&nbsp;&mdash; nomadic, shapeshifting energy vampires who feed off the lifeforce of virgin women. Though they normally maintain a human form, they can transform  into human-sized bipedal werecats  at will. They are considerably more resilient than humans and have powers of both telekinesis and illusion. Their one weakness is cats, who are not only able to see through their illusions but whose claws are capable of inflicting severe to fatal wounds upon them. They also maintain an incestuous relationship. Charles and Mary have taken up residence in a small Indiana town, having recently fled Bodega Bay, California  after draining and killing a young girl there. Charles attends the local high school, and there he meets Tanya Robertson in his creative writing class. Tanya does not suspect the real reason why Charles is interested in her; to take her life force for both himself and his mother, who is starving. At first, it seems that Charles has genuinely fallen in love with Tanya . On their first date, however, a picnic at the nearby cemetery, Charles attempts to drain the life force from Tanya while kissing her. Tanya tries frantically to ward off Charles by bashing his head with her camera, scratching his face, and ultimately plunging a corkscrew into his left eye. As it happens, Deputy Sheriff Andy Simpson  drives by the cemetery and notices Charles’  car. When Tanya flees to him for help, Charles attacks Simpson and kills him. When Charles then turns to resume feeding off of Tanya, the deputy’s cat, Clovis, rises to the occasion and nearly kills Charles by scratching him in the face and chest. Mortally wounded by Clovis, Charles staggers back home to his mother who is able to make both of them "dim", i.e., turn invisible, and thus keep Charles from being arrested when the police storm their house. Knowing that the only way for her dying son to survive is to feed, Mary attacks the Robertson household, killing the entire sheriff\'s department and severely wounding Tanya’s parents in the process. She kidnaps Tanya and takes her back to her house, where Charles by this time is all but dead. Mary revives him, and Charles makes a final attempt to drain Tanya’s life force. However, Tanya plunges her fingers into his eyes, killing him. Tanya manages to escape with the help of the sheriff who is later impaled on the picket fence surrounding the house by Mary. Several of the cats that had been gathering around their house throughout the movie, led by Clovis, jump on Mary and claw at her until she bursts into flames, killing her. The movie ends with Mary lying ablaze on her driveway and Tanya hugging Clovis, her savior.Sleepwalkers'] ['The film details the true story of the 1950 US soccer team which, against all odds, beat England 1-0 in the city of Belo Horizonte, Brazil during the World Cup. The story is about the family traditions and passions that shaped the players who made up this team of underdogs. One group of teammates were from The Hill neighborhood of St. Louis, Missouri. Another group came from the Corky Row district of Fall River, Massachusetts.'] ['The film revolves around a tattered relationship between Sarah , a drug addict, and her son, Jeremiah . Their life together is marked by Sarah\'s drug-taking and heavy drinking. Sarah repeatedly becomes involved with a series of men who treat her and Jeremiah poorly, and uses them as an excuse to abandon her son. She disappears to Atlantic City with her current boyfriend, Emerson , whom she then abandons; Emerson returns to their home and rapes Jeremiah. After a trip to the hospital, Jeremiah\'s grandmother takes him to a West Virginian radical Christian cult led by his grandfather . After three years with the cult, Sarah returns to reclaim a now 11-year-old Jeremiah. Sarah\'s current lover, Kenny, a truck driver, eventually abandons them at a truck stop while Sarah is soliciting herself. Sarah realizes that if she is going to keep her men, then she cannot say Jeremiah is her son. Jeremiah allows his mother to persuade him into cross dressing so he can act as her \'little sister\', and Jeremiah\'s crossdressing evolves to include his mother\'s seduction techniques. After dressing up as a \'baby doll\' version of Sarah, Jeremiah/Sarah seduces Jackson , his mother\'s latest man, who initially tries to rebuff the boy\'s advances, but then he gives in. Furious with Jackson for giving in to the boy\'s advances and with Jeremiah for ruining her panties, she takes Jeremiah and leaves. Later, they are seen in a house where the basement houses a meth lab which later blows up with Sarah\'s latest boyfriend inside. After fleeing, and while detoxing from meth, Sarah is convinced that everyone is after them, and that only certain foods are edible , she then convinces Jeremiah that if they eat anything but those foods, they will be poisoned. Which then leads Sarah and Jeremiah on a failed attempt to shoplift at a grocery store, afterwards Jeremiah finds a hamburger to eat from a dumpster. His mother, in a state of "meth psychosis" is convinced the food he ate was poison, and makes him drink ipecac in order to make him better and rid him of any \'poisons\'. Jeremiah wakes up in the hospital with his grandmother beside him. She tells him that Sarah is in the psychiatric ward. Later that night, Sarah collects Jeremiah from his hospital room, and, rather than have him go back to the cult, she clutches her son\'s hand and they both walk away in hospital gowns. The final scene is of Sarah and Jeremiah driving away.'] ['A police officer finds a baby in a trash can, and Mrs. Lippett, the cruel matron at an orphanage where children are made to work, names her "Jerusha Abbott" . The orphan, who comes to be called Judy, does what she can to stand up for the younger children, frequently clashing with both Mrs. Lippett and the cold hearted trustees. At one point she leads a rebellion against being served prunes with every meal and at another, steals a doll from a selfish rich girl to lend to a dying orphan. Years later, wealthy Jervis Pendleton, a mysterious benefactor, pays to send Judy, now the oldest and most talented child in the orphanage, to college. He insists, however, that Judy must never try to contact him in person. Judy calls him "Daddy-Long-Legs," and writes to him, however. Judy proves popular with her wealthier and more "aristocratic" classmates, and writes a successful book to repay "Daddy-Long-Legs" the money he spent on her. She is generally happy but misses not having any real family members to take pride in her accomplishments. Judy also finds herself caught up in a romantic triangle with the older brother of a classmate and an older man . She eventually chooses the older suitor and is delighted to learn that he is her "Daddy-Long-Legs."'] ["In early 1900s London, England, Kate Croy  lives under the careful watch of her domineering Aunt Maude , who is determined that the young woman does not follow in the path of her recently deceased mother, whose dissolute husband, Lionel , squandered her wealth in order to support his opium addiction. Maude wants Kate to marry the well-off Lord Mark , who has a title and estates, despite the fact that Kate does not love him. Kate is dependent on her wealthy aunt's goodwill, but abandons her plans to defy her aunt when she is reminded that her father is at Maud's mercy as well. Kate's boyfriend, the financially struggling muckraking journalist Merton Densher , wants to marry her, but is skeptical of Kate's intentions despite her pleas for him to wait as she tries to find a way out of her dilemma. One day, Kate is introduced by Lord Mark to the wealthy and outgoing American orphan and heiress Millie Theale , who is on an extended trip through Europe with her best friend Susan Stringham, and the cynical Kate is captivated by Millie's beauty, openness, and amusement at the conventions of society. Millie invites Kate to accompany her and Susan to Venice. Prior to their departure, Millie meets Merton, with whom she is smitten, and she asks him to join them as well. Lord Mark secretly reveals to Kate that Millie is terminally ill, and that he desires Kate but has to marry Millie to avoid losing his estates. Knowing Millie is repulsed by Lord Mark's crudity, she decides to emulate his scheme and persuade Merton to woo Millie; she fully expects Millie's generous nature will lead her to include Merton in her will, making him wealthy enough to satisfy her aunt and allow them to marry. He despises her scheme but can't resist the opportunity to be in Venice with Kate. Kate becomes so jealous of the genuine affection growing between Merton and Millie that she lures him away one night, abandoning Millie in a crowd. Millie confronts her the next morning and Kate realizes she must leave, without warning Merton, if her scheme is to succeed. What neither she nor Merton anticipate is how things will change when she is gone. Some months later, following Millie's death in Venice, Kate comes to Merton's flat. She asks why he has not come to see her and finds a letter, telling Merton that Millie did indeed bequeath a sizeable portion of her estate to him. He tells Kate that he will not take the money, and she must marry him without it, if she will. She agrees, and they make love. But afterwards, Kate asks him to tell her that he is not still in love with Millie, or his memory of her, and he cannot. So Merton returns to Venice, alone."] ['Jim  is a promising young English merchant seaman who rises to first officer under Captain Marlow . However, Jim is injured and left at Java. When he is fit again, he signs on with the first available ship, a dilapidated freighter called the S.S. Patna, crammed with hundreds of Muslims on pilgrimage to Mecca. When a storm threatens the leaking ship, the crew panics and takes to the lifeboats without a thought for their passengers; Jim in a moment of weakness joins them. When they reach port, the sailors are stunned to find an intact Patna already there before them. The rest of the crew disappears, but Jim insists on confessing his guilt at an official enquiry and is stripped of his sailing papers. Filled with self-loathing, Jim becomes a drifter. One day, he saves a boatload of gunpowder from sabotage. Stein , the cargo\'s owner, offers him an extremely dangerous job: transporting it and some rifles by river to distant Patusan to help Stein\'s old friend, the town\'s chief, lead an uprising against bandits led by the General . When Schomberg  is bribed to deny Stein the use of the motorboat he had promised, Jim takes a sailboat with two native crewmen, leaving the aged Stein behind. As they near their destination, one of the crewmen reveals himself to be working for the General. He kills the other sailor then flees to warn the warlord. Jim manages to hide the cargo before he is captured. Though tortured, he refuses to divulge the location. This surprises Cornelius , the drunken, cowardly agent of Stein\'s trading company, who in fact obeys the General. That night, the Girl  leads Jim\'s rescue. Jim distributes the arms and plans the attack on the General\'s stockade. He is assisted by Waris , the chief\'s son. After much bloody fighting, Jim delivers the crushing blow, pushing a barrel of gunpowder through a hail of bullets into the bandits\' final stronghold, blowing it up along with the General. Only Cornelius survives, hidden in a secret underground room with the General\'s loot. Jim is hailed as a hero. One of the grateful natives bestows the title tuan on him. The Girl translates it as "Lord". While Jim is content to live in Patusan with the Girl, Cornelius and Schomberg recruit notorious cutthroat "Gentleman" Duncan Brown  and his men to steal the treasure. However, they are detected and cornered. Brown offers to leave peacefully, but no one, with one exception, trusts him. Jim insists they be allowed to go, going so far as to offer his own life as forfeit if anybody is killed as a result. However, under cover of heavy fog, Brown and his men make one last attempt at the treasure, killing a sentry and fatally wounding Waris, before Waris and Jim dispatch them. Afterward, Stein pleads with his grieving old friend to spare Jim; the chief agrees not to hinder Jim\'s departure, but if he is still in Patusan the next day, there will be no mercy. Despite Stein\'s urgings, Jim refuses to desert again. In broad daylight, he calmly walks up to the chief as the people are lined up for Waris\'s funeral procession, cocks the rifle he brought and places it near the chief, then awaits his fate. The bodies of Jim and Waris are cremated together.'] ['The film opens in the early 1980s where teenager Martin Asher  is seen fleeing from home, taking a bus in Canada. He befriends another teen on the bus, Matt Soulsby  and the two talk about their plans for the future. When their bus breaks down, the two decide to rent a car and drive all the way to Seattle. While Matt is changing a flat tire, Martin comments on how he and Matt are both about the same height, and pushes Matt in the way of an oncoming truck. He is last seen taking Matt\'s guitar and walking away singing in the fashion that Matt had been in the car. Twenty years later, a successful FBI profiler, Illeana Scott , is summoned to help out Canadian law enforcement in Montreal, to apprehend Asher, who has been killing people for years and assuming their identities as he travels across North America. Illeana has to adjust to working in a strange city with a police team that she does not really fit in with. Meanwhile, Mrs. Asher , Martin\'s mother, claims she has recently seen her son in Montreal and tells the police she truly believes Martin is evil. The team meets with art salesman James Costa , an eyewitness who saw Asher kill his last victim. James makes a drawing of Asher and, within a couple of days, Asher\'s apartment is found. Illeana discovers Asher\'s next target is Costa, so protecting him is priority number one. During the time they spend together, Illeana and James begin to develop feelings for each other, though Illeana refuses to become involved with him because of the ongoing case. After kidnapping Costa with Illeana in pursuit, Asher supposedly dies in a car accident and the case is closed. As Illeana is packing up in preparation to return home, Costa visits her in her motel room. Without saying anything, he undresses her and they make passionate love on a chest of drawers and the bed, surrounded by gruesome crime scene photos. The next morning, Illeana awakes to find herself partly covered in Costa\'s blood. At first, she fears he is dead, but then he awakes and they discover he had merely popped the stitches in his arm that he needed following the accident. As Costa has his stitches re-sewn in the hospital, Illeana is called down to the morgue as Mrs. Asher has come to identify the body presumed to be her son. The body turns out not to be her son\'s; Martin is still alive somewhere. An irritated Mrs. Asher leaves the morgue and gets into the elevator, but before Illeana can follow her in, the doors shut. When they finally open, Illeana sees James covered in blood, standing over a dead Mrs. Asher, realizing that Costa is Asher, and that Asher killed the actual Costa months ago. Horrified by the discovery that she had slept with a serial killer, Illeana almost faints as the police unsuccessfully try to prevent Asher from escaping the hospital. Illeana later returns to her motel room and frantically washes herself, in a state of manic disgust. An investigation shows that the man the real Asher had identified as Asher was really Christopher Hart , an art thief who did business with Asher, and whom Asher owed $80,000 to, but had nothing to do with the murders. The Montreal police chase Asher, but he escapes in a train station and disappears, and approaches his next victim, a traveling sports talent scout. After that, he calls Illeana on the phone and taunts her. Illeana admits to having consensual sex with Asher and although it was after the investigation had been presumed closed she is still, consequently fired from the FBI. "After carefully reviewing Special Agent Scott\'s record with the Bureau... The Office of Professional Responsibility has issued a letter of termination citing egregious lack of judgment and conduct unbecoming of a federal agent." Seven months later, Illeana is living in a desolate farmhouse by herself in rural Pennsylvania and looking heavily pregnant with Asher\'s twin boys. One day as she sits alone in her home, she discovers Asher has broken into her house. She frantically tries to escape, but Asher quickly overpowers her and then reveals he has found all the guns she had hidden throughout the house. Asher makes her tea and tells her they could start over and live together as a family, but a disgusted Illeana tells him she does not want to. That these are not his babies that she is carrying, they are \'James Costa\'s\' babies and that she does not even know who he is. In fury, Asher begins beating and choking her and eventually stabs her in her pregnant belly with a pair of scissors. Illeana, seemingly unharmed by the stabbing, shocks Asher by quickly stabbing him in the heart with the same scissors. As Asher lies dying, Illeana removes a prosthetic pregnant belly, and tells him the past seven months have been a carefully planned trap. The film ends with Illeana calling the police, saying "It\'s over," and staring out her window.'] ['Johnny Colini, an exiled American gangster living in Rome, rescues Salvatore Giordano, a young Sicilian outlaw, from the police. After Giordano is groomed, polished, and renamed "Johnny Cool," Colini sends him on a mission of vengeance to the United States to assassinate the men who plotted his downfall and enforced exile. Johnny arrives in New York and quickly kills several of the underworld figures on Colini\'s list. Meanwhile, he picks up Darien "Dare" Guiness, a wealthy divorcée who becomes his accomplice, she is later severely beaten by the gangsters as a warning to Johnny against pursuing his vendetta. Soon the FBI becomes involved, and when Johnny and Dare bomb the Hollywood home of gangster Lennart Crandall, the police are able to identify Dare\'s car. The two separate and plan to meet later, but Dare, realizing that Johnny is a vicious killer, tells his enemies where to find him. She then surrenders herself to the FBI, and Johnny is murdered by the henchmen of one of his victims.'] ["The film opens in Saigon at the height of the Vietnam War. John Converse , a disillusioned war correspondent, approaches Ray Hicks , a merchant marine sailor and acquaintance of Converse from back in the US, for help in smuggling a large quantity of heroin from Vietnam to San Francisco, where he will exchange the drugs for payment with Converse's wife Marge , who has become addicted to Dilaudid. When Hicks discovers that he is being followed by thugs connected either to Converse or his suppliers, he goes on the run with Marge and the heroin, and is eventually pursued by the corrupt DEA agent  who initially set the deal in motion. As Marge is separated from her supply of prescription drugs, she experiences withdrawal, and Hicks decides to help her wean off her dilaudid addiction by using the heroin. Hicks also attempts to find another buyer for the heroin before his pursuers can catch up to him."] [' Franklin Swift  is a struggling construction worker trying to keep his mind off romance. Zora Banks  is a woman who is working as a teacher with a promising musical career. The last thing either of them needs is a lover. When they meet one afternoon in Brooklyn, New York, neither one can walk away. Now, they must confront the financial and social challenges that test the strength of their love. The film begins with Zora moving from Manhattan to her newly renovated brownstone in Brooklyn. Franklin is polishing the floors in what will be her new apartment. Franklin informs her that she cannot move in yet due to her woodgrain floors not being dry. An upset Zora then threatens to fire one of the moving men, who proceed to leave her furniture and boxes on the sidewalk. Desperate, she asks Franklin to help her move her things. After moving her in, they begin to talk and he asks her who is helping her unpack and get settled in; she replies by saying no one is helping her. Franklin offers to help and, although skeptical, Zora eventually takes his offer and they agree to meet the next evening. Franklin gets temporarily laid off from his renovation job and stands Zora up. Once she realizes he is not coming, she goes out for Chinese take-out and finally catches up to Franklin, who apologizes for not showing. Zora dismisses him, stating that he was the one who offered and she can do the work herself. Franklin then offers to help her now and jokes about sharing her take-out food. After they unpack some of her boxes, they get acquainted and Franklin shares his aspirations to become a licensed contractor so he can renovate brownstones. Zora encourages him and the two make plans to have dinner at a later time, after Zora gets more settled. While out at happy hour with girlfriends Portia  and Claudette , Zora tells her friends about Franklin and is criticized by Portia for dating men who are unable to support her financially. Zora responds that she has had her time dating "suit and tie brothers". Later while Zora is walking home, she finds Franklin waiting for her on the stoop and chastises him for coming by without warning. Franklin says he was waiting for her because he wanted to see her. Zora invites Franklin inside. Now in her apartment, Zora goes to get Franklin a drink and then he begins to caress her while she\'s still at the fridge. Realizing they cannot hide their mutual attraction, Franklin proceeds to perform cunnilingus on Zora. Later, the couple, now in bed, talk of their dreams and aspirations; Zora wants to become a singer and Franklin wants to get his contracting business off the ground. Both confess that they were putting off love until they got themselves together. Franklin then tells Zora that he is not a wealthy man. Zora reassures him, stating that she is not looking for a rich man. The two began their courtship and spend a lot of time together eating home cooked meals, playing Scrabble, and watching television. While getting a drink with his friend Jimmy , Franklin expresses that he likes Zora because she listens and they talk more than have sex. Jimmy then repays a loan that Franklin had made him. Franklin uses part of the money to get Zora\'s piano out of layaway. Zora then auditions for up-and-coming producer Reggie Baptiste , and gets cut a deal to do a six-song demo with him. Franklin and Zora have dinner together and he confesses that he dropped out of high school in the eleventh grade, never earning a GED. He also tells her that although separated for the last four years, he is still married with two sons. Zora doesn\'t take the news well and Franklin accuses her of caring more about "degrees and dollars" than their relationship. The next day, Zora finds Franklin at work and admits that she would not have gotten involved with him had she known the truth about him earlier. She then confides that she loves him and asks him to move in with her, expressing the desire to meet his children. In return, he tells her he loves her and promises that as soon as he gets the money he will get the divorce. Zora meets Franklin\'s sons, Marcus  and Tyree , and while the younger Tyree warms up to Zora quickly after she teaches him some notes on her piano, Marcus is not so welcoming to her. Despite all the obstacles, the couple continue to fall deeper in love, but things come to a head when Zora suffers an epileptic seizure while sleeping. The next morning when confronted by Franklin on why he ever knew of her condition, she says she didn\'t want to scare him off and didn\'t know how he would handle it. Franklin reassures her that will it take more than that to get him to walk away.'] ['Frank Galvin , once a promising graduate of Boston College Law School and a lawyer at an elite Boston law firm, is now an alcoholic ambulance chaser who has lost all of his four cases over the last three years. As a favor, his former partner and friend Mickey  throws him a medical malpractice case where it\'s all but assured that the defense will settle for a large amount. The case involves a young mother who was possibly administered the wrong anesthetic and is now in a coma. Her sister and brother-in-law are hoping for a settlement to properly care for the victim, and Frank assures them they have a strong case. Meanwhile, Frank becomes romantically involved with a woman he meets at a local bar, Laura. Frank visits the coma-stricken young mother and is deeply affected. He then meets with the defendants: the Archdiocese of Boston, who run the Catholic hospital where the incident took place. As expected, the archdiocese offers a fairly substantial amount of money to settle out of court, but Frank declines the offer, as he fears that this may be his last chance to do something right as a lawyer, and that merely taking the handout would render him "lost." Everyone, including the presiding judge and the mother\'s relatives, is stunned by Frank\'s decision. Things quickly go wrong for Frank: his clients\' brother-in-law finds out from "the other side" that he has turned down a $200,000 settlement, and angrily confronts Frank; his star medical expert disappears; a hastily arranged substitute\'s credentials and testimony are called into serious question on the witness stand; his opponent—the high-priced attorney Ed Concannon —has at his disposal a large legal team that is masterful with the press; the presiding judge  takes great strides to obstruct Frank\'s questioning; and any witnesses present in the operating room refuse to testify about what, if anything, went wrong. While looking for cigarettes in Laura\'s handbag, Mickey discovers a cheque from Concannon—evidently she\'s a spy providing information on Frank\'s legal strategy to the opposition. When he is informed of this, an enraged Frank punches Laura on their next meeting. Even then, when he has the clear opportunity to have the case declared a mistrial, Frank decides to continue to trial. Frank\'s big break occurs when he discovers the whereabouts of a lone witness quickly hushed after the incident. Her shattering testimony—that she was forced to change her notes on the admitting form after the incident to hide an egregious error by one of the defendants—stuns the entire courtroom. A distressed Concannon\'s attempts at discrediting her, serve only to further cement her veracity, even after the judge declares her testimony stricken from the record on legal technicalities. Frank delivers a brief but moving closing argument, beseeching the jury to pursue "truth and justice." When the jury returns, they find for Frank\'s client and then ask whether they are limited to the amount sought by the plaintiffs. When the presiding judge resignedly replies they are not, it is implied the award will far exceed expectations. As Frank is congratulated by his clients, Mickey, and colleagues and strangers alike, he catches a glimpse of Laura watching him from afar. The final shot is of Frank deeply contemplating his new and unfamiliarly bright lease on life, ignoring his telephone\'s continuous ringing from a call from Laura.'] ['Seasoned undercover narcotics police officer, Jim Raynor , is told by his superior, Lt. Dodd , to choose a partner from a group of recent police academy graduates for his undercover investigation, which has been ongoing for two years. His choice of Kristen Cates  surprises Dodd, but Raynor is confident she is the right fit for what he needs. Raynor explains to Cates that all they will have is each other in this assignment. They are caught between the legal world and the illegal underworld, belonging to neither and only able to trust one another. This is a difficult and demanding job, one that will take them both to the brink. Though initially startled by Raynor\'s intensity, Cates insists she is capable of doing whatever it takes to get the job done. Later at Raynor\'s apartment, he teaches Cates how to properly shoot up heroin. Cates informs Raynor that she was instructed how to expertly fake drug use at the police academy, which prompts a strong rebuke from Raynor. He informs her in no uncertain terms that she will be put in situations where she will have to take the drugs they will be buying. The drug dealers they will be doing business with are not stupid, and if she tries to fake drug use in front of them, she will get both of them killed. Raynor and now Cates\'s main objective in their operation is to take down the cunning, mysterious, and powerful drug lord Will Gaines . While Raynor  is certain Gaines is the main drug boss in Tyler, Texas, Gaines is an expert at avoiding detection, and deeply mistrustful of Raynor. Unable to secure access to him, Cates and Raynor buy large quantities of drugs from minor dealers in Tyler. These drugs are cataloged and given to Dodd, along with information detailing who they bought the drugs from. Raynor and Cates quickly go from pretending to be lovers to the real thing. As Raynor predicted, Cates is soon put into a position where she is forced to inject drugs in front of a drug dealer. Raynor tries to intervene and tell the dealer that "his lady doesn\'t fix", but the dealer insists at gunpoint. Cates first tries nervously to talk her way out of the situation, then yanks off her jacket and with shaking hands begins to prepare a heroin shot as Raynor had taught her. Seeing her high level of anxiety, Raynor takes the prepared needle from her and injects it into her arm. While the dealer watches approvingly and laughs, Cates quietly vomits off screen. Soon enough, Cates is addicted to the drugs she has to use to maintain her cover, and Raynor arrives home one day to find Cates combing the carpet, desperately searching for any crumbs of drugs that may have fallen. Raynor nurses Cates through her withdrawal while appearing largely unaffected by his own drug use. However, over the course of the film he becomes even more addicted than she. Eventually, both are able to get clean, but remain traumatized and scarred by their drug experiences. Though they have successfully infiltrated Tyler\'s drug underworld, Raynor and Cates are no closer to obtaining evidence against Gaines. Under pressure from the department, they falsify evidence against Gaines in order to secure his arrest and indictment. They move into a small trailer awaiting the beginning of the trial. Cates is startled awake one evening by the barrel of a shotgun caressing her face. A gunfight ensues in which Raynor is shot in the thigh, striking his femoral artery. Cates frantically goes for help, then returns to the trailer to find Raynor barely conscious. She holds as he dies in her arms. At Gaines\'s trial, Cates is on the witness stand. During testimony she mentions that she has resigned from the police force. Her testimony sticks to the fabricated story Raynor and she concocted, and appears to earn the support of the jury and courtroom spectators. When she looks directly at Gaines, however, he slides two fingers down the bridge of his nose, mimicking the movement of the shotgun that eventually killed Raynor. Stunned, Cates retracts her statements about Gaines\'s involvement in the drug trade, and testifies that they were ordered to fabricate evidence by the Chief of Police. This of course secures Gaines\'s acquittal. Gaines, now a free man, gets into his car. He notices someone hiding in the backseat and is killed with a shotgun blast to the face. The killer is never shown, but the impression is that it is Cates.'] [' In September 2012, military virologist Lieutenant Colonel Robert Neville  is the last healthy and immune human in New York City. A genetically-engineered variant of the measles virus created by Dr. Alice Krippin , meant as a cure for cancer, had mutated into a lethal strain. It spread throughout the world, killing 90% of humanity. Most survivors became predatory, vampiric{{cite web}} beingsThe DVD/Blu-Ray subtitles refer to the infected as hemocytes&nbsp;– actually a cell type found in an insect\'s immune system. called "Darkseekers" that emerge after dusk to prey on those immune to the virus. In December 2009, Neville had lost his wife Zoe  and daughter Marley  in a helicopter accident during a chaotic quarantine of Manhattan.  Neville\'s daily routine includes experimenting on infected rats to find a cure for the virus and trips through a decaying Manhattan to collect supplies or hunt for deer. He keeps vigil each day for a response to his recorded AM radio broadcasts, which instruct any survivors to meet him at midday at the South Street Seaport. Neville\'s isolation is broken only by the companionship of his pet German Shepherd Samantha and interaction with mannequins he has set up as patrons of a video store. To test a treatment, Neville sets a snare trap and captures an infected woman. An enraged mutated alpha male attempts to rescue her, but is driven back by the sunlight. In the laboratory in his heavily fortified Washington Square Park home, Neville tries the new serum on the infected woman, seemingly without success. The next day, after finding one of his mannequins moved out in the street in front of Grand Central Terminal, Neville is caught in a snare trap and passes out. He regains consciousness at dusk and frees himself, but a pack of infected dogs attack Neville and Sam. Although Neville and Sam kill the dogs, an infected dog bites Sam during the fight. Neville brings Sam home and attempts to save the dog by injecting a strain of his serum, but it is too late, as Sam starts to mutate, which then forces Neville to kill her. Overwhelmed by grief and rage of the loss of his dog, Neville attacks a group of the infected on the seaport the following night with his SUV. He kills many, but they overwhelm and nearly kill him before he is rescued by a pair of immune humans, a woman named Anna  and a boy named Ethan , who followed his radio broadcasts. Anna and Ethan take him back to his home. Anna explains that they are making their way to a survivors\' camp in Bethel, Vermont. Neville does not believe that such a camp exists and expresses doubt when Anna says that God told her about it. The following night, the alpha male leads an infected mob in an attack on Neville\'s house. Anna, who was unaware of Neville\'s precautions in covering his scent outside the house, inadvertently allowed the infected to follow their trail. As the infected charge the house, Neville stops the first wave with claymore mines, but finds himself defenseless against the second wave. As Neville tries to find Anna and Ethan, an infected enters and attacks him. The infected retreats upstairs and begins tearing a hole in the roof so others can get in. After Neville saves Anna and Ethan, they retreat into the laboratory. They seal themselves in a reinforced plexiglass room with the infected woman, and discover that Neville\'s treatment is working; the subject looks much more human. The infected break in and the alpha male begins to throw himself against the plexiglass, cracking it. Neville draws a vial of the infected woman\'s blood and gives it to Anna before shutting them inside a coal chute in the back of the lab. He detonates an M67 grenade to destroy the attackers at the cost of his own life. Anna and Ethan arrive at the survivors\' colony, where Anna hands over the antidote. Anna later states that the survivors are Neville\'s legacy, as his fight for a cure became legend.'] ["Ernie Mott  is a restless, irresponsible, wandering cockney with a good musical ear. His father died in World War I. Ernie wants a better life but doesn't want to settle down or work for it. This extends to his love life; musician Aggie Hunter  genuinely cares for him, but he prefers the company of fickle gangster's ex-wife Ada Brantline .http://www.allmovie.com/work/none-but-the-lonely-heart-35601 When Ernie finds out that his mother has cancer, he decides to stay put, be a good son, and help her run her shop. A series of unfortunate incidents leads to his mother dying in prison, and he fails to win the lasting affection of Ada. At the end of the film there is a mention of the on-going war  and some indication that Ernie may be going to straighten out his life and perhaps think seriously about settling down with Aggie."] ['The film begins with the murder of a young man as he opens his car door in a parking garage. The film then turns to catching us up with Jesse, who as it turns out hasn’t been up to much. After his suspension, Jesse Stone sinks into seclusion and alcoholism. Ordered not to communicate with his former subordinates while on suspension, no one is able to reach him. Eventually Rose becomes concerned and asks Jesse’s friend Captain Healy, the State Police Homicide Commander, to check in on him. Healy is still recovering from his gunshot wounds, and is supposed to be on medical leave, but as he informs Jesse – he’s taking his leave at his office. Healy finds Jesse looking disheveled, drunk, and despondent. Shortly after arriving, Jesse receives a phone call from Jenn, so Healy excuses himself. Jenn tells Jesse that she needs to talk to him because she and Elliot had a fight. Angered by this, Jesse tells Jenn that they shouldn’t speak anymore, then rips the phone out of the wall and throws it across the room. Later he buys a cell phone, but Rose has to help him program it. He only gives the number to her, and a few others, warning them not to give it to anyone else. It appears that Jesse and Rose are becoming close. After a second murder in a parking garage, Healy asks Jesse to work as a private consultant to the Boston police department on the investigation. He does this partly to help his friend, but mostly because he needs Jesse’s experience. Jesse soon learns that the first victim had ties to Boston mob boss, Gino Fish. However when Jesse questions Fish about the man, Fish denies ever knowing him, as does his secretary Allen. After a third murder, Jesse questions Fish again, who then admits that he knew the first victim, but that he hadn’t seen him for a couple of days before the murder. Allen confirms this. Later Jesse takes Sister Mary John on a sort of date. At dinner he asks if Allen or Gino had been trying to get anymore young girls, but she hints to the fact that Allen and Gino are probably gay. He also discovers that the place, Milly’s, that the first victim was leaving when he was killed, was a gay bar, and a favorite destination of Allen and Gino’s. He suspects that Allen saw Gino and the first victim together there. After having sometime to contemplate the revelation that Gino and Allen are gay, and probably in a relationship, he begins to suspect that Allen may have murdered the first victim out of jealousy. Having a master’s degree in Criminal Psychology, Allen would have known that the murder would eventually be connected to him, unless he could provide another explanation for it. So he then murdered the other two to hide his motive and make it look like a serial killer. Jesse confronts Gino, and later Allen with this information. Jesse calls Allen to have him meet him at Milly’s at 3pm to discuss matters further. Allen says he won’t be there and then vomits in his toilet. He then retrieves the murder weapon and throws it in the ocean. Later, while waiting for Allen at Milly’s, Jesse witnesses Allen’s murder in a hit and run. Jesse and Commander Healy later speculate that Gino ordered this fearing that Allen’s confession would lead people to discovering Gino was gay and destroy his underworld reputation.'] ["George Milton  is in a train boxcar, reminiscing upon the events that have just happened. He thinks back to when he and his companion Lennie Small , who has an intellectual disability, are fleeing from their previous employment in Weed. They were run out of town after Lennie was accused of attempted rape when he touched and held onto a young woman's pretty red dress . After running from Weed, George and Lennie are trying to attain their shared dream of settling down on their own piece of land. Lennie's part of the dream, which he never tires of hearing George describe, is merely to have soft rabbits on the farm, which he can pet. The two go to work at a ranch named Tyler Ranch. At the ranch, the dream appears to move closer to reality. Candy , the aged, one-handed ranch-hand, offers to pitch in with Lennie and George so they can buy the farm. The dream disappears when Lennie accidentally kills the young and attractive wife  of Curley , the ranch owner's son, while trying to stroke her hair; as a result, a lynch mob led by Curley gathers and goes after Lennie with the intent to kill him. Realizing he is doomed to a life of loneliness and despair like the rest of the migrant workers, and wanting to spare Lennie a painful death at the hands of the vengeful and violent thug Curley, George shoots Lennie in the back of the head while distracting him with their dream of the ranch, releasing Lennie happily. George reminisces in the train boxcar, he has one final memory of him and Lennie working together and going off into the distance happily."] ["{{Expand section}} The film traces the progress of three Marines on shore leave during WWII, in the Pacific. One of the men is a gung-ho patriot , the second  is a perennial goof-off, and the third  hopes to prove his worth to his wealthy father.http://www.allmovie.com/work/in-love-and-war-96395 Nico, Frankie and Alan come to San Francisco on a furlough from the war. Nico proposes to his pregnant girlfriend Andrea. A drunken Frankie fights with Charlie Stanton, his hateful stepfather, who thinks him a coward. The wealthy Alan catches his fiancee, Sue, with another man. Lorraine, who is in love with Frankie, has joined the military as a WAVE. She introduces his friend Alan to her roommate Kalai, a nurse of Hawaiian-French heritage. They all go to Lorraine's apartment, where Frankie first passes out, then wakes up screaming at the thought of returning to the war. Lorraine decides to leave him. The three men return to the Pacific front, where they end up engaged in a frightening battle. Frankie shows cowardice and Nico tries to slap sense into him. Frankie is honored for his heroism, but Nico is killed while single-handedly confronting an advancing tank. Alan learns that Sue has attempted suicide. He returns to Kalai, who is in love with him. Frankie, now promoted to sergeant, brings Nico's last love letter home to Andrea, who has given birth to their child."] ['The film begins in the Elizabethan Age shortly before the death of Queen Elizabeth I. On her deathbed, Elizabeth promises an androgynous young nobleman named Orlando a large tract of land and a castle built on it along with a generous monetary gift which she will only bequeath to him if he consents to her command, "Do not fade. Do not wither. Do not grow old." Both he and his heirs will keep the land and inheritance forever. Orlando acquiesces and resides in splendid isolation in the castle for a couple of centuries or so during which time he dabbles in poetry and art. His attempts to befriend a celebrated poet, however, backfire when the poet writes a devastating takedown of his poetry. Orlando then travels to Constantinople as British ambassador to the Turks, but he is almost killed in a diplomatic fracas there. Waking up the next morning, however, he learns something even more startling: he has physically transformed into a woman overnight. The now \'Lady\' Orlando comes home to her estate in Middle Eastern garb, only to learn that she faces several impending lawsuits arguing that Orlando was a woman to begin with and therefore has no right to the land or any of her/his royal inheritance. The succeeding two centuries tire her out; the court case, bad luck in love and the wars of British history eventually bring her up to the 1990s with a young daughter in tow and a book in search of a publisher. The editor who judges the work as "quite good" is, ironically, portrayed by Heathcoate Williams - the same actor who denigrated her poetry as a different character 200 years earlier. Having lived a most bizarre existence, Orlando finally finds a tranquil niche within it.  {{cquote}} Also the film ends in its "present day" in order to remain true to Virginia Woolf\'s use of real-time at the end of the novel.'] ["The story is set during the Great Depression, specifically around the time of the 1933 Long Beach earthquake. Camilla  is a fiery, beautiful Mexican café waitress who aspires one day to be above her current standing in society. She wishes to do this by marrying a wealthy man from the United States. Her plan is thrown into disarray when she meets Italian-American Arturo Bandini . Farrell's character is portrayed as a struggling writer who comes to Los Angeles's Bunker Hill area to start his writing career."] ['Patrick Bateman is a wealthy investment banker living in Manhattan in the late-1980s. His life revolves around dining at trendy restaurants while keeping up appearances for his fiancée, Evelyn, and his circle of equally wealthy, shallow friends, most of whom dislike him. However, he also leads a secret life in which he commits rape, torture, and murder. Throughout the film, Bateman describes the material accouterments of his lifestyle: his daily morning exercise and beautification routine; his music collection, including artists such as Huey Lewis and the News and Whitney Houston; his taste for expensive designer clothes; and the lavish couture of his apartment. In one scene, Bateman and his associates flaunt their business cards in a display of utter vanity. After becoming captivated by Paul Allen\'s card, he murders a homeless man and his dog in an alleyway in a fit of frustrated rage. At a Christmas party, Bateman makes plans to have dinner with Paul, who had earlier mistaken him for a comparable associate named Marcus. Bateman gets Paul drunk and lures him back to his apartment. While playing "Hip to Be Square", Bateman ambushes Paul and murders him with an axe. Bateman disposes of Paul\'s body, then goes to his apartment to stage it so that others believe Paul has run off to London. After Paul\'s family becomes suspicious of his disappearance, Bateman is met by Donald Kimball, a detective searching for the truth regarding his whereabouts. Bateman then has a violent threesome with two prostitutes, whom he names "Christie" and "Sabrina". The two women leave his apartment bruised and bloodied. The next day, his colleague Luis Carruthers reveals his new business card, sending Bateman over the edge. Bateman tries to kill Luis in the restroom of an expensive restaurant, but cannot bring himself to strangle him. Luis mistakes the attempted murder for a sexual advance and declares his love for Bateman, who flees in a panic. After murdering a model, Bateman invites his secretary, Jean, to dinner, suggesting she meet him at his apartment for drinks beforehand. When Jean arrives, Bateman, unbeknownst to Jean, holds a nail gun to the back of her head while the two converse. However, upon receiving an answering machine message from his fiancée, he decides not to kill Jean and asks her to leave before she gets "hurt". Following another luncheon with Kimball, Patrick has a threesome with his old friend Elizabeth and Christie at Paul\'s apartment. While having sex, Christie realizes that Bateman has murdered Elizabeth and tries to flee. While attempting to escape, she discovers multiple female corpses and words such as "Die Yuppie Scum" scrawled on the walls in blood. Bateman then murders her with a chainsaw by dropping it down a flight of stairs onto her as she attempts to run. A few months later, Bateman abruptly breaks off his engagement with Evelyn. That night, he finds a kitten as he uses an ATM, then imagines that the display reads "Feed me a stray cat". Bateman is stopped by a woman, whom he murders instead. A police chase ensues, but Bateman destroys the police cars by shooting their gas tanks, causing explosions that kill the pursuing officers. He then attempts to flee to his office, but he accidentally enters the wrong office building, murdering a security guard and a janitor in the process. Upon reaching his office he calls his lawyer, Harold, and leaves a lengthy answering machine message, confessing most of his murders in-detail. The following morning, Bateman visits Paul\'s apartment, finding it completely vacant and being offered for sale. The real estate broker views him as an intruder and tells him to leave immediately. As Bateman goes to meet with his colleagues and lawyer, Jean finds detailed drawings of murder and rape in Bateman\'s office journal. At the same time, Bateman sees Harold at a restaurant with his friends, and tries to convince him that he is Patrick Bateman and a serial killer. However, Harold mistakes him for another colleague named Davis and laughs off the confession as a joke. He also denies that Paul was murdered, claiming to have had dinner with him in London only 10 days before. Bateman realizes that he will continue to escape the punishment he deserves. He laments that there has been no catharsis and that he still remains a mystery to himself. Although he regrets that nothing has been gained, he still wants his pain to be inflicted on others. He finishes his inner monologue by stating, "This confession has meant nothing."'] ["Amidst a Southern Utah Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints communuity, BeckyLyn  is accused of murdering her polygamist husband. A fellow wife, Queenie  is convinced of her friend's innocence and with BeckyLyn's son, Jordan  they work to clear his mother's name.Monday's TV highlights Los Angeles Times. 13 September 2010"] ['Miss Giddens  applies for a job as a governess. It is to be her first position, but the wealthy bachelor interviewing her  is unconcerned with her lack of experience. He values his freedom to travel and socialise and unabashedly confesses that he has "no room, mentally or emotionally" for his niece and nephew, who were orphaned and left in his care as infants, and whom he keeps at Bly, his country estate. The previous governess, Miss Jessel, died suddenly less than a year ago. All he cares about is that Miss Giddens accept full responsibility for the children, never troubling him with whatever problems may arise. At Bly, Miss Giddens is instantly taken with Flora. She also forges a friendship with Mrs. Grose , the kindly housekeeper. The boy, Miles, is away at boarding school, though Flora delightedly insists that her brother is coming home. Sure enough, Miss Giddens receives a letter saying that Miles has been expelled from school because of his bad influence on the other boys. Mrs. Grose says she can\'t imagine Miles being a bad influence, and when Miss Giddens meets the boy herself, she too thinks his teachers must have exaggerated. He seems charming and mature – though perhaps too mature, with flirtatious flattery toward his governess. The children are friendly and polite, but Miss Giddens is disturbed by their occasional odd behaviours. They seem to be sharing secrets. She is upset by unexplained voices and by several visions of a woman and man, whom Mrs. Grose identifies, from their descriptions, as Miss Jessel and Peter Quint – the uncle\'s valet until his death. Eventually, Mrs. Grose reveals that Quint was abusive to Miss Jessel, and that they were indiscreet, performing sexual acts in plain sight of the other servants and even, perhaps, the children. After Quint\'s death, Miss Jessel went into a deep depression and drowned herself. When Miles recites a poem invoking a "lost lord" to rise from the grave, Miss Giddens concludes that the ghosts of Quint and Miss Jessel inhabit the bodies of the children so they can continue their relationship. She is determined to rescue them from this possession. One night Miss Giddens finds Flora at a window, watching Miles, who is walking in the garden. When Miss Giddens escorts him to bed, he kisses her goodnight, in a disturbingly adult manner. The next day Miss Giddens finds Flora dancing alone by the lake – and again sees the figure of Miss Jessel staring at them from across the water. Convinced that the children will be freed from the possession if they will confess what is happening, Miss Giddens begs Flora to admit that Miss Jessel is there. Flora begins to scream and cry, calling Miss Giddens wicked and insane. Hours later, Flora is still hysterical, and when Mrs. Grose finally leaves her bedside, she says she can\'t imagine where Flora learned such obscenities. Miss Giddens orders her to take Flora away from Bly. She is certain that Miles is on the brink of confessing his ordeal to her and that she must be left alone with him. That night, alone with Miles, Miss Giddens presses him to talk about the ghosts, and then about why he was expelled from school. Initially, and as usual, Miles is glib and evasive, but he eventually admits that he frightened the other boys with violence and vulgar language. Miss Giddens enjoins him to say who taught him this language and behaviour. Miles suddenly begins yelling obscene insults and laughing maniacally, and Peter Quint\'s face appears in the window behind him, joining in the boy\'s laughter. Miles then runs outside; Miss Giddens follows, calling that all he has to do is "say his name" and it will all be over. Quint appears on the hedge nearby, but Miles does not seem to see him and screams that she is insane. He finally shouts Quint\'s name, then the hand of Quint appears. Miles grows still and falls to the ground. Miss Giddens cradles him and assures him that he is free. She then realises that Miles is dead. Sobbing in horror, she leans over him and kisses him on the lips.'] ["A fading family-owned automobile manufacturer and its owners pin their hopes for a return to profitability on a new model named for the great-granddaughter of the firm's founder. The aging Loren Hardeman Sr. remains the titular head of a Detroit automotive conglomerate.  His grandson, Loren Hardeman III, now runs the company as president, but has diversified into other fields and is concerned that the auto division is not as lucrative as it once was and might even need to be eliminated. A young auto racer, Angelo Perino, has been secretly commissioned to develop a ground-breaking fuel-efficient car. He juggles romantic relationships with a British royal, Lady Bobby Ayres, and the young Betsy, who is about to turn 21 and inherit a fortune, including the new car her great-grandfather is naming in her honor. Loren Hardeman III bitterly despises Hardeman Sr., who once carried on an affair with Loren's mother. The older Hardeman is not the man he used to be, but neither is he ready to step aside forever."] ['Major Cleve "Iceman" Saville  is a veteran World War II fighter ace eager to fly an F-86 Sabre fighter in the Korean War. His commanding officer, Colonel "Dutch" Imil ([[Richard Egan , assigns him command of a flight. Among his pilots is a new replacement, talented, but brash Lieutenant Ed Pell . After he abandons his element leader, Lieutenant Corona , during combat to down an enemy fighter, Corona\'s aircraft is shot up; he is killed while trying to land. As a result, Saville wants Pell assigned to someone else, but Imil overrules him; Pell was top of his class in flight school and Imil sees him as a younger version of Saville. If anyone can get Pell to grow up, it is the major. Another pilot under Saville\'s command, Lieutenant Carl Abbott , poses a different kind of problem. He lacks confidence in his abilities; his worried wife Kristina  asks Saville to watch over him. Saville falls in love with her, and vice versa. Aware of the situation, Abbott offers Saville a deal: his wife in return for the opportunity to go one-on-one with "Casey Jones" , the most feared enemy ace, whose MiG-15 is marked with "7-11", if they should run into him. A disgusted Saville turns him down. Nevertheless, on a mission soon afterwards, Abbott tangles with Casey Jones and is quickly shot down far behind enemy lines. In an ensuing dogfight, Saville downs Casey Jones and, resisting the temptation to abandon the wounded Abbott, spots his parachute and ditches his aircraft nearby, disobeying standing orders. Pell strafes the North Korean infantrymen closing in and is shot down himself. The trio then make their way back to safety. Along the way, they are assisted by a friendly Korean farmer  and his family. When a North Korean patrol happens by, the Americans hide, but in their haste, a jacket is left behind. As a result, the family members are executed, but Saville and Pell avenge them. Afterward, Abbott is to be transferred back to the U.S. to recuperate. His brush with death has changed his priorities; he remorsefully asks Kristina for another chance. She decides to go with him.'] ["The film revolves around Reece Gilmore , the sole survivor of a massacre at the Boston restaurant where she worked as a chef. Reece wants to escape her life, so she hits the open road with no destination in mind, desperate for a fresh start. When her car gives out in a picturesque Wyoming town, Reece takes a job at the local diner, hoping to earn enough cash to keep moving. But as she gets to know the townspeople, mystery writer Brody  in particular, she considers putting the past behind her and settling down. But then, while hiking, she witnesses a murder. Now, Reece is traumatized again, and not just by the killing; but also because, when the police go to check out the crime scene, there's no evidence of a murder taking place. The townspeople doubt her story, which leads everyone, including Reece, to question her sanity."] ['Commander Christopher \'Kit\' Draper  and Colonel Dan McReady  are the crew of Mars Gravity Probe 1. When they reach the planet, they are forced to use up their fuel to avoid an imminent collision with a meteor. With the ship now stuck in orbit, they have no choice but to eject to the surface, the first men on Mars. McReady is killed in the landing, while Draper is stranded in a distant area. He finds a cave for shelter. Then, he figures out how to obtain the rest of what he needs to survive. First, he burns some coal-like rocks for warmth and accidentally discovers that heating them gives off oxygen. This allows him to refill his air tank and move around in the thin atmosphere. On one of his excursions he finds the shattered vehicle of the dead McReady. Draper buries the body under a pile of stones. Afterwards, he meets Mona the monkey, who survived the crash, and returns with her to the cave. Draper then constructs a crude sand clock that sounds an alarm to awaken him for a needed dose of oxygen. Later, Draper notices that Mona keeps disappearing periodically and that she is uninterested in the dwindling supply of food and water. He gives her a salty biscuit, but no water; when Mona gets very thirsty, he lets her out and follows her to the underground pond she has found. As a bonus, there are also edible plant "sausages" growing in the water. As the days grow into months, Draper slowly begins to crack from the prolonged isolation. He watches helplessly as his ship, an inaccessible "supermarket", periodically crosses the sky. Without fuel, the ship does nothing when he orders it by radio to land. One day, while walking about with Mona, Draper notices a rock standing in an unnatural position, as if deliberately planted as a marker. He looks at the ground around it and sees bones. He brushes away at the soil to expose the skeletal remains of a hand in a black bracelet. He digs up the rest of the skeleton and determines that the creature was murdered, as the skull is charred. Frightened, he signals his ship to self-destruct to remove all signs of his presence. Just in time as it turns out, as Draper sees a ship descend and land just over the horizon. At first, he believes it to be a rescue ship from Earth. In the morning, he heads towards the landing site, only to see an advanced alien craft in the sky. Realizing his error, he approaches cautiously and sees slave labor being used for mining. One of the slaves  escapes, running into Draper. The alien ships blast the area as the two flee. The stranger has black bracelets on his wrists just like the one Draper found earlier. That night, they witness the aliens blast the mine area and depart. When they investigate, they find the dead bodies of the other slaves. Draper names his new acquaintance Friday, after the character in Robinson Crusoe, and starts teaching him English. In return, Friday shows him "air pills" that provide oxygen. They gradually grow to trust and like each other. After a while, the aliens return, tracking Friday by his bracelets. The aliens blast the castaways\' hiding place, forcing Draper, Friday and Mona to flee through the underground Martian canals. They eventually end up at the polar icecap. Exhausted, freezing and nearly out of air pills, they build a snow shelter "just like the Eskimos". Draper finally succeeds in cutting Friday\'s bracelets off. A meteor crashes into the ice cap, creating a firestorm and melting the snow. Just then, they track an approaching spaceship. At first, Draper believes it to be the enemy again, but then their radio broadcasts a human voice. Draper identifies himself, and a lander comes down to pick up Draper and his companions. The credits then roll as Mars recedes in the background.'] ["Charlie Castle, a very successful Hollywood actor, lives in a huge home. But his wife Marion is on the verge of leaving him, which he refuses to confirm to influential gossip columnist Patty Benedict. On his wife's advice, Castle is adamantly refusing to renew his contract, which enrages Stanley Shriner Hoff, his powerful studio boss. Castle wants to be free from the studio's grip on his life and career. Hoff and his right-hand man Smiley Coy have knowledge of a hit-and-run accident in which Castle was involved and threaten to use this information against him. Hoff is willing to do anything to make the actor sign a seven-year renewal. Castle's soul is tortured. He wants to win back his idealistic wife, who has been proposed to by Hank Teagle, a writer. And he longs to do more inspiring work than the schlock films Hoff makes him do, pleading with his needy agent Nat to help him be free. But the studio chief's blackmail works and Charlie signs the new contract. Feeling sorry for himself, the darker side of his nature causes Castle to have a fling with Connie, the flirtatious wife of his friend Buddy Bliss, who had taken the blame for Charlie's car accident. When a struggling starlet named Dixie Evans threatens to reveal what she knows about the crash, Hoff and Smiley decide to have her silenced permanently. They try to involve Castle in their sinister plot and even extort Charlie's wife, secretly recording her conversations with the new man in her life. That is the last straw for Castle, who finally defies the ruthless men who employ him. However, having betrayed a friend, lost the woman he loves and sacrificed his integrity, Charlie can no longer live with himself. He has a hot bath drawn, gets into it and ends his own life."] ['The film opens between scenes cutting back and forth of a naval ship carrying Admiral Croft , and a buggy carrying Mr. Shepherd  and his daughter Mrs. Clay  to Kellynch Hall. Shepherd and Clay are accosted for debts owed by the residence\'s owner, Sir Walter Elliot , while Croft discusses the end of the Napoleonic Wars with fellow navy men. Sir Walter, a vain foppish baronet, is faced with financial ruin unless he retrenches. Though he initially opposes the idea, he eventually agrees to plans to temporarily move to Bath while the hall is let; this was thought of by Shepherd, family friend Lady Russell , and Sir Walter\'s second eldest, intelligent daughter Anne . Anne is visibly upset after learning that the new tenant of Kellynch Hall will be the admiral, who is the brother-in-law of Captain Frederick Wentworth , a man she was persuaded to reject nine years previously because of his lack of prospects and connections. Wentworth is now wealthy from serving in the navy during the Wars, and has returned to England to presumably find a wife. While her father and elder sister Elizabeth leave the hall for Bath, Anne remains to finish up directing the residence\'s preparation for its new tenants. After discovering old letters between her and Wentworth, she expresses to Lady Russell her unhappiness at her family\'s current financial predicament, and her past decision to reject the captain\'s proposal of marriage. Anne visits their other sibling, Mary , who has married into a local family, the Musgroves. Anne patiently listens to the many various complaints confided in her by Mary, her husband Charles, sisters-in-law Louisa  and Henrietta , and parents-in-law Mr. Musgrove ([[Roger Hammond  and Mrs. Musgrove . Having now settled in at Kellynch Hall, Admiral and Mrs. Croft visit the Musgroves. Mrs. Croft\'s brother Captain Wentworth comes to dine with them, but Anne avoids going when she volunteers to nurse Mary\'s son, who is injured with a broken collarbone. The following morning at breakfast, Anne and Mary are suddenly met briefly by Wentworth, the first time he and Anne have seen each other since her rejection. Mary later tells Anne Wentworth thought she was so altered, he "would not have known you again". Wentworth becomes the focus of matrimony to Louisa and Henrietta, as the family is unaware of his and Anne\'s past relationship. Hurt and rejected by Anne\'s refusal years before, he appears to court Louisa, much to Anne\'s chagrin. In a later walk taken by everyone, Wentworth learns from Louisa that Anne also was persuaded by Lady Russell to refuse Charles\' offer of marriage, after which Charles instead proposed to Mary. Anne, the Musgroves, and Wentworth go to Lyme to visit two of his old naval friends, Captain Harville  and Captain Benwick . While there, Louisa rashly jumps off a staircase in the hopes Wentworth will catch her, but falls before he can reach her and sustains a head injury. Wentworth, Henrietta, and Anne travel back to Mr. and Mrs. Musgrove\'s residence and tell them about their injured daughter, leading them to hurry back to Lyme. Anne soon goes to Bath to stay with her father and sister. Sir Walter and Elizabeth reveal they have repaired their relationship with a previously disreputable cousin, Mr. Elliot , the heir to the Elliot baronetcy and estate. Anne is introduced to him, and they realize they briefly saw each other in Lyme. Much to Lady Russell\'s pleasure, Mr. Elliot begins to court Anne, but she remains uncertain of his true character. Louisa having recovered and become engaged to Captain Benwick, Wentworth arrives in Bath and encounters Anne on several occasions, though their conversations are brief. Anne learns from an old friend, Mrs. Smith , that Mr. Elliot is bankrupt and only interested in marrying Anne to help further ensure his inheritance from her father and keep him from possibly marrying Mrs. Clay to provide a son. Wentworth overhears Anne talking with Captain Harville about the constancy of a woman\'s love, and writes her a letter declaring he still loves her. The two walk off down a street, arm in arm, and he announces his intention to marry Anne at a party later that night, much to Mr. Elliot\'s consternation. The final scene shows Wentworth and Anne on a naval ship, happy to be together.'] ['Journey of Waris Dirie  from a nomadic pastoralist background in Somalia to a new life and career in the West as a fashion model and activist against female circumcision.'] ['Iris , a woman with a background as a burlesque show stripper, is visited at her New York City apartment by her estranged husband. He requests that she star in an upcoming show in Newark, New Jersey, for which he is obliged to supply performers. She resists the idea, as she maintains her privacy by not working in shows local to the New York area. However, her husband is desperately in need of assistance. While she has no romantic feelings for him, expressing puzzlement as to why she ever married him, she nonetheless is friendly with him and feels sorry for his predicament, so she agrees to consider it. In the meantime, Iris meets Vito Perugino , the 17-year old son of the superintendent of the apartment building  and experiences an instant and powerful physical attraction to him. In their first meeting, she is shamelessly flirtatious; in their second, she completes her sexual seduction of him, marking the start of a passionate affair between the two. Iris unexpectedly finds herself experiencing an emotional attraction on top of her sexual one and a relationship she had originally intended to be brief turns serious. Vito asks Iris "to go steady" with him, and though she laughs a bit the teenager\'s use of that phrase to describe a committed relationship, she nonetheless happily accepts. After Vito\'s immaturity brings turbulence into the relationship in the form of jealousy, Iris makes an attempt to pull away from him, but the attempt only serves to make her miserable. She finds herself obsessed and wanting nothing but to return to him and resume a sexual and emotional satisfaction she\'s never experienced with any other man. She returns to Vito and they begin to patch up their relationship, declaring their love for one another, but Vito is still unaware of her occupation, believing her to be a model or actress. When Iris performs in the Newark burlesque show, one of Vito\'s friends sees her and informs Vito. Vito initially refuses to believe it, but he attends the next night\'s show and sees for himself. With his youth, Vito lacks the ability to cope with the destruction of his idealistic view of Iris, and an explosive, and even momentarily violent, argument ensues between the two. After a week, Iris reaches out to Vito, hoping to make up with him by inviting him to her apartment for dinner. But upon his arrival, she quickly realizes that his interest in her has waned. While he had been sincere in his declarations of love for her, those feelings of "love" were just as prone to be fleeting as with any typical 17-year old inexperienced in romantic relationships. Although he is no longer angry with Iris over her occupation, the discovery and subsequent argument have been enough so that even as his temper cooled, so did his passion for the relationship. Continuing to be sincere in expressing his feelings for her, Vito acknowledges what Iris has sensed. He is truly sorry for the pain that it is causing her and tries his best to console her, telling her that he wishes the fight between them that changed his feelings had not happened. But beyond that, there is nothing else he can do. Lest Vito have any doubt, the devastated Iris assures him that her love for him was, and still is, genuine. With that, Vito leaves, on his way to a date with the new object of his romantic attention &mdash; a girl his own age &mdash; and Iris is left alone sobbing.'] ['Theresa Osborne, a former reporter, works as a researcher for the Chicago Tribune. On a trip to Cape Cod, she finds a mysterious, intriguing love letter in a bottle in the sand, addressed from Garret to Catherine. She is fascinated by it and comes into possession of two more letters by the same person, eventually tracking down the man who wrote them, Garret Blake. He has refurbished a boat called Happenstence with his wife before her death and he lives quietly on the Outer Banks of North Carolina with his father, Jeb. Theresa and Garret become better acquainted, but she does not reveal her knowledge of the love letters. Along with the literal distance between them — they live hundreds of miles apart—there is another problem: Garret cannot quite forgive Catherine for dying and leaving him. Theresa\'s career flourishes as the romantic tale of the "messages in a bottle" is told in print, without naming names. Garret makes a trip to Chicago to visit Theresa and her young son. Their new love grows, until one day Garret finds his letters in a drawer in Theresa\'s apartment. Garret angrily confronts Theresa, and after a night of explanations, he goes home by himself. A year later, Jeb tracks down Theresa. He informs her that his son Garret has died at sea in a storm while attempting to rescue someone else. A bottle with a message inside was found on his boat. Theresa realizes that it was written a night before Garrett\'s last sailing. In it, he apologizes to Catherine and says that in Theresa he has found a new love, a love he must fight for.'] ['Steve Malone, an agent from the Environmental Protection Agency, is sent to a military base in Alabama to test possible effects on the surrounding ecological system caused by military actions. With him is his teenage daughter from his first marriage, Marti, his second wife Carol, and Marti\'s half brother Andy. On their way to the base, they stop at a gas station. In the rest room, Marti is threatened by an MP member with a knife. When he notices her fear, he lets go of her, satisfied that she shows an emotional response. Before she leaves the room, he warns her, "they get you when you sleep". Steve and his family move into their new home on the base, and Marti makes friends with the base commander\'s daughter Jenn. On his first day in day care, Andy runs away because he is recognized as an outsider among the other somehow conformist children. He is picked up and brought home by helicopter pilot Tim. Marti and Tim quickly feel attracted to each other. Meanwhile, while examining soil samples, Steve is approached by officer Major Collins, who asks him about psychological effects particularly narcophobia  and their possible relation to toxication of the environment. Steve believes that a physiological reaction would be more likely. In the evening, Marti and Jenn go to the bar attended by the station\'s military personnel, where they meet not only Tim but also the MP who threatened Marti at the gas station. He denies that they ever met before. That night, a group of soldiers can be seen picking giant pods from the river running by the base. When Andy wakes up and enters his mother\'s room, Carol crumbles to dust, while a soulless double emerges from the closet. Nobody believes Andy\'s story that his real mother is dead and the person pretending to be Carol only an impostor. The following night, Marti and her father are nearly "taken over" too by duplicates emerging from the giant pods. Carol attempts to convince Steve that the takeover is a good thing, claiming that it ends confusion and anger. She also claims that there\'s no place to go, as the invasion is not an isolated incident. Steve is almost shocked and saddened into compliance, but Marti and Andy drag him out the door. Carol emits a shrill and mechanical scream that alerts other "pod people" to the presence of a human being. Now the majority in numbers, they swarm over the base chasing the remaining humans. After hiding Marti and Andy in a warehouse, Steve enters Major Collins\' office. The hysterical Major tries to call for help, but the line is blocked. While swallowing sleep-prevention pills Collins announces that it is too late to run; all they can do is fight. Their conversation is interrupted by the arrival of a group of pod people, led by base commander General Platt. While Steve hides, the pod people try to convince the Major that the individual is not important, and that only conformity can solve the world\'s problems. The Major shoots himself rather than live in such a world. Steve returns to his children and tells them to follow him, claiming to have found a way out. They drive aimlessly through the military base, as loudspeakers shout out instructions for spreading the invasion by carrying out pods in trucks. Realizing that her father was replicated while he was away, Marti swerves the car to the side and tries to escape with her brother. Tim, who escaped his former comrades who tried to turn him into one of them, enters the scene. Marti takes his gun and shoots the person pretending to be her father. The father duplicate shrinks into a mass of seething, bloody goo. Tim manages to get hold of a helicopter, but Marti and Andy are taken away by the pod people. They sedate both of them and take them to the base infirmary where remaining human beings are systematically duplicated by pods. Tim is able to rescue Marti, and although Marti\'s half brother and Jenn, now duplicates themselves, try to stop them, they manage to escape. The ending of the film is an ambiguous one. Tim destroys the trucks filled with pods with the helicopter bombs, while Marti confesses her profound hatred in a voice-over narration, thereby hinting at a loss of humanitarian quality. While they land on another base, the words of Marti\'s stepmother earlier in the film can be heard, suggesting that the phenomenon has already spread beyond the army base: "Where you gonna go, where you gonna run, where you gonna hide? Nowhere... \'cause there\'s no one like you left."'] ['The film tells the story of Isabel Archer , an innocent young woman of independent means who is manipulated by her "friend" Madame Merle  and the devious Gilbert Osmond . The film is not faithful to the novel but caused controversy with an interpolated dream sequence in which Isabel has an erotic fantasy involving all of her suitors.'] ['Patrick Dennis, orphaned in 1928 when his father unexpectedly dies, is placed in the care of Mame Dennis , his father\'s sister in Manhattan. Mame is a flamboyant, madcap woman, who hosts frequent parties with eclectic, bohemian guests. Patrick is quickly introduced to his aunt\'s free-spirited and eccentric lifestyle, including Vera Charles, a lush of a Broadway actress, who spends many of her nights passed out in Mame\'s guest room. Mame\'s frequently repeated motto is "Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death!"Quotes imdb.com Since Patrick\'s father was a wealthy man at the time of his death, Patrick\'s inheritance comes with a trustee, Mr. Dwight Babcock. Mr. Babcock disapproves of Mame\'s lifestyle  and wants to interject decorum and discipline in Patrick\'s life. Mame has Patrick enrolled at a progressive school run by a friend of hers, Acacius Page. Mr. Babcock insists that Patrick be enrolled at Bixby\'s, a nearby boy\'s prep school. When he finds out that Mame has not enrolled Patrick at Bixby\'s, he issues an order: Patrick is to go to St. Boniface boarding school and Mame will only see him at the holidays and during the summer. When Mame\'s investments are lost in the stock market crash of 1929, she takes a series of jobs—stage acting, telephone operator, sales girl at Macy\'s -- that all end disastrously. At her sales job at Macy\'s, she meets a man named Beaureguard Burnside, a rich oil man from the South. He\'s immediately smitten with her and she falls in love with him as well. Mame and Patrick visit Beau\'s family estate in Georgia. Sally Cato, who\'s in love with Beau, tries to sabotage Mame\'s relationship with Beau. She organizes a fox hunt, suspecting Mame is lying about being a horsewoman  and gives Mame a wild horse. Mame manages to stay on the horse and catches the fox at the end. Beau proposes to her on the spot in front of his family. For their honeymoon, Beau and Mame travel around the world. Mame is sad about leaving Patrick, but they keep in touch through letters and frequent visits during holidays. Through their correspondence, Mame gets a sense that Patrick is growing into a stuffy, conventional man, and she worries for him. When Beau dies while they are climbing the Matterhorn, Mame comes home. Patrick surprises her by installing a dictating machine and a secretary, Agnes Gooch, for her convenience. He and her friends persuade her to write her autobiography. Patrick and Lindsay Woolsey, a friend of Mame\'s, arrange for a collaborator  for Mame, a Mr. Brian O\'Bannion. It becomes clear that O\'Bannion is using Mame as a meal ticket; Mame dictates her life to Agnes and both of them are hard at work on her autobiography, while O\'Bannion does nothing. One day, as he tries to get fresh with Mame , Patrick walks in on them and disapproves. He announces that he has a girlfriend, Gloria, and wants to bring her over to meet Mame. He cautions Mame to act responsibly while Gloria is there. She calls him beastly and he almost leaves, but at the last minute Mame says she will do whatever he wants to make him and Gloria happy. Patrick thanks her for agreeing to behave  -- and goes to bring Gloria. Meanwhile, O\'Bannion insists Mame get dressed for a party to meet movie producers interested in Mame\'s autobiography. Mame hurriedly dresses the dowdy Agnes up and tells O\'Bannion that Agnes is an heiress merely doing secretarial work for "life experience." O\'Bannion\'s mercenary instincts kick in and he gladly escorts Agnes to the party in Mame\'s place. When Agnes returns the next day, she is disheveled and remembers very little of her night with O\'Bannion—only that she thinks she saw a movie with a wedding scene in it. Patrick brings Gloria over, but Mame is horrified to see how upper-crust and snobby she is. Against Patrick\'s wishes, she goes to visit Gloria\'s family in a Connecticut gated community, where they express anti-Semitic views. Her parents are just like Gloria, and Mame wants nothing to do with them. Mame arranges a dinner party at her apartment and she invites Gloria, her parents, and Mr. Babcock...and a few of Mame\'s closest friends, including Vera, Lindsay, and Acacius . On the night of the party, Patrick meets Pegeen, Mame\'s new secretary—Agnes is now several months pregnant and staying with Mame in "her friendless condition." Everything about the evening is a disaster—the food, the drink, the furniture, and the company. Lindsay surprises the attendees with the galleys from Mame\'s autobiography; the madcap content leads Gloria to insult the other attendees; Patrick defends them, attacking Gloria\'s friends instead. In a bizarre twist, the release of the book prompts a telegram from O\'Bannion, requesting his efforts be rewarded, efforts that can be proven by his wife—Agnes Gooch O\'Bannion!!! The evening ends with Babcock also having a go at Mame, but Mame puts him in his place. Cut to several years later, where Mame and Lindsay and Patrick and Pegeen are now married couples. Their son Michael wants to travel with Mame on her trip to India. The two of them wear down Patrick and Pegeen\'s objections, and the movie fades away as Mame tells Michael of all the wondrous sights they will see.'] ['On an annual fishing trip, in isolated high country, Stewart , Carl ([[John Howard , Rocco  and Billy  find a girl\'s body in the river; she has been brutally murdered by Gregory , a local electrician. The girl turns out subsequently to be Aboriginal; it is not clear whether the men observe this. Stewart, who found her, is initially distraught, and his screams bring the other men, who are equally disturbed. It is too late in the day for them to hike back to the road and report their tragic find. They spend the night, but before they can hike out to get help the next morning, Stewart gets up early and goes fishing. He returns to camp holding a large fish he has caught up for the other men to see, and wordlessly the men decide to continue their fishing trip instead of hiking out to alert the authorities about the body. They secure the girl\'s body by the ankle to the riverbank, so she will not drift downstream and get lost in the rapids. While the men are gone, some of the men\'s wives  and Rocco\'s girlfriend , get together socially. During their conversation, Jude  reveals that their daughter died nearly two years ago, leaving them to raise their granddaughter. When Stewart\'s wife, Claire  remarks that she does not think Stewart would want more children, Jude reveals that Claire had a mental breakdown after her son was born and left the family for 18 months. The men return home late Sunday night. After reporting the body to the police, they each go to their respective homes. Stewart goes home to Claire and finds her sleeping on her stomach, reminiscent of the posture of the dead body. He talks to her briefly and initiates intimacy, which later causes problems when Claire finds out he left the girl\'s body to keep fishing. The next morning, the police show up at Claire and Stewart\'s house to ask Stewart to answer some more questions. The men gather in the police station, where the police officer expresses his disgust that they would "fish over a dead body" instead of reporting it as soon as they could. Claire is stunned that Stewart would do such a thing and keeps trying to understand his reasons for being so selfish. Because the girl was Aboriginal, some believe the men neglected the dead girl out of racism. All of the men\'s businesses are vandalised in retaliation by Aboriginals, with painted slurs branding them racists. Claire and Elissa  are the only ones of the group who express any remorse and condemnation for what happened. Jude repeatedly defends her husband Carl, Carl and Stewart defend their actions. Arguing that it "didn\'t make any difference to the dead girl; it\'s not like she had feelings any more," Carl epitomises the callousness with which the men treated the murdered girl. The more Claire pushes Stewart and the others to make amends, the angrier everyone becomes. Jude, Carl\'s wife, "just wants things to get back to normal again." Prior to the fishing trip, Claire had begun throwing up repeatedly from morning sickness, which she hid from everyone. With her marriage unravelling, and haunted by her post-post-partum breakdown and abandonment of her first child, she inquires of a medical professional about how to get an abortion. Despite encountering hostility from the rest of the group, Claire continues to try to reach out to the girl\'s family. She gathers donations to give to the girl\'s family for her funeral. Claire even goes to the family\'s home and is rebuked. She later returns to give them the money she has gathered. Increasingly incensed that Claire continues to make a big deal out of their mistakes, Stewart erupts in rage one evening when Claire asks him to talk about it. The two begin fighting physically, while slinging barbs at each other about their past mistakes. The next day, Claire goes to the memorial service. The rest of the men and their wives show up to pay their respects, too. When Stewart apologises on behalf of the men, the girl\'s father throws dirt on him, spits on the ground and walks away, but there are no further objections to their presence. Throughout the movie, the murdering electrician continuously pops up around the characters, and even attends the memorial service. He is never caught.'] ['It starts out with Chan in this exotic locale . He\'s there on business, but before he can do anything about his business, someone  shows up dead. Right away, Chan proves that it\'s murder and exposes the devilishly clever way the woman was killed. Pretty soon, number-something son  offers to help. Chan disparages this offer with a snappy saying from Confucius, which proves to be about right, as his son is way too eager and jumps to unwarranted conclusions. Just the same, the kid is good company for his beloved "Pop," and  provides a lot of comic relief. Anyway, there are about five suspects, each of them with a plausible motive for wanting the poor woman to be murdered, but all of them having pretty good alibis as to why they didn\'t do it. Chan is very observant though and pretty soon he is about to reveal a key piece of evidence when, all of a sudden, the lights go out and the evidence disappears! At this point the killer is in a tight spot and he knows it. He figures that if he commits yet another crime he can cover his tracks completely. But Chan is just one step ahead of the culprit and, when the murder makes his move, Chan catches him in the act! This proves the fellow to be guilty, and naturally everyone wants to know just how Chan figured it out. No sooner does Chan finish his explanation however, when his son bursts in with an other piece of evidence, announcing quite loudly that this proves who the killer is, thus confirming Chan\'s assessment exactly.'] ["Half-sisters Willa, Tess, and Lily Mercy are left their wealthy father's multimillion-dollar estate, including his Montana ranch, after his death. The only stipulation is that the girls will have to live with each other for a year. Having never previously met, the three sisters, who have very different personalities, agree to the strange situation, despite having reservations about their forced family reunion. The biggest problem that the girls face however, is the discovery of a saboteur in their midst. It seems that when their father died, he left some bitter enemies behind, enemies who would love to see his daughters fail. Now, in order to get what is rightfully theirs, the three siblings will have to work harder than ever before to clean up the mess their father left behind. During their trial, the three girls find love, and realize that maybe their situation wasn't such a bad thing after all."] ['Tony , a wealthy young Londoner, hires Hugo Barrett  as his manservant. Initially, Barrett appears to take easily to his new job, and he and Tony form a quiet bond, retaining their social roles. Relationships begin shifting, however, and they change with the introduction of Susan , Tony\'s girlfriend, who seems to be suspicious of Barrett and to loathe all he represents. Barrett brings Vera , whom he presents as his sister, into Tony\'s household as a maidservant, but it emerges that Vera is actually Barrett\'s lover. Through Barrett\'s and Vera\'s games and machinations, they reverse roles with Tony and Susan; Tony becomes more and more dissipated, sinking further into what he perceives as their level, as the "master" and the "servant" exchange roles. In the final scene, Tony has become wholly dependent on Barrett and Susan is exiled permanently from the house.  It was Losey who first showed Robin Maugham\'s novelette The Servant to Bogarde in 1954. Originally separately commissioned by director Michael Anderson, Pinter stripped it of its first-person narrator, its yellow book snobbery and the arguably anti-Semitic characterisation of Barrett - oiliness, heavy lids - replacing them with an economical language that implied rather than stated the slippage of power relations away from Tony towards Barrett. Losey&#39;s other collaborations with Pinter, Accident and The Go-Between, share a resemblance to The Servant in that they offer the same savage indictment of the waning English class system,Losey, Joseph. "The Servant." UK: Studio Canal, 2007 a theme which British film-makers had not previously explored.'] ["The film focuses on a group on three Hollywood wives and their complicated lives. Lissa Roman is a very successful actress and musician busy promoting her latest blockbuster movie. She is fed up with her younger husband, Gregg Lynch, who seems to be interested only in her money and luxurious life style. Her two best friends include Taylor Singer and Kyndra. Taylor is the wife of the well known director Larry Singer. Frustrated that she is unable to have her big break, she has an affair with the much younger writer Oliver Rock. Lissa's other friend Kyndra is meanwhile enjoying a career as a soul singer, often described as a selfish diva. This has negative impact on the relationship with her daughter Saffron, an aspiring fashion designer and best friend of Nikki Roman, Lissa's daughter. When assigned to private investigator Michael Scorsinni, she finds out that her husband is cheating on her. When she arrives home and refuses to talk to him, he becomes angry, beating her up and raping her. After throwing him out of the house the next morning, she attends a dinner party of Nikki, who will marry Evan Richter in a month. She is glad to marry him, but she also has a secret crush on his brother Brian. She later kisses him at a night club, but immediately regrets the decision. Meanwhile, Lissa is bothered there by a man and eventually has to be escorted home by Michael. Gregg spots them walking together and suspects the worst. Later that night, Lissa notices that Gregg is spreading false rumours about her on national television. The next morning, Taylor is offered the lead in a movie about a lesbian love story. Her Larry disapproves of the script and is annoyed by his wife's obsession with Hollywood. Always having aspired a normal life, he regrets that his wife doesn't interact well with people who aren't familiar with Hollywood. Trying to prevent her from taking the role, he agrees to help her finally make her own movie. She is very lucky, until she finds out Oliver is assigned as her script writer. Larry soon finds out that she knew him before their meeting and suspects that they are having an affair. Meanwhile, Nikki gets kidnapped. Saffron and Brian are worried by her disappearance, but Evan doesn't really care, as he is too busy with his mistress. After the premiere of her latest movie, Lissa spends the night with Michael. They are interrupted by the message of Nikki's abduction. The kidnapper, a poor man who was angry that Lissa received a salary of $15,000,000 for one movie, demands $5,000,000. As she hands him the money, he runs away, without Nikki anywhere to be seen. Michael eventually saves the day, by catching the kidnapper and locating Nikki. In the end, Lissa promises Nikki to spend more time with her. Nikki ends her engagement with Evan to marry Brian. Larry finds out about Taylor's affair with Oliver and files for divorce, after which she decides to take the role in the movie about lesbians. Kyndra shows Saffron for the first time how much she cares about her."] ['After the patriarch of the family dies and leaves them with no source of income, Nicholas Nickleby, his mother, and his younger sister Kate venture to London to seek help from their wealthy, cold-hearted uncle Ralph, an investor who arranges for Nicholas to be hired as a tutor at Dotheboys Hall in Yorkshire and finds Kate work as a seamstress. Nicholas meets Mr. Squeers just as he concludes business with Mr. Snawley, who is "boarding" his two unwanted stepsons. Nicholas is horrified to discover his employers, the sadistic Mr. and Mrs. Squeers, run their boarding school like a prison and physically, verbally, and emotionally abuse their young charges on a regular basis. He eventually rebels and escapes, taking with him young crippled Smike. Nicholas and Smike take lodgings with Newman Noggs. Nicholas endeavours to find a position, but rejects a low-paying position as a politician\'s secretary, and a job as a tutor of the French for the Kenwig daughters comes to comic disaster. He and Smike decide to search for work elsewhere. As they are leaving the city, they make the acquaintance of Madeline Bray, the sole support of her father, who gambled away his fortune and now is indebted to Nicholas\'s uncle. In search of food and lodging, they stop at an inn, and the proprietor introduces them to actor-manager Vincent Crummles, who owns and operates a travelling a theatrical troupe with his wife. Crummles hires them as actors and casts them in a production of Romeo and Juliet. Despite its success, Nicholas decides to return to London when he receives a letter from his uncle\'s valet, Newman Noggs, who urges him to come back as quickly as possible, as his uncle has put his sister in great jeopardy despite a promise by him to make certain they come to no harm. Kate has been subjected to unwanted attention from Sir Mulberry Hawk and Lord Verisopht, clients of her uncle, and when Nicholas overhears them bawdily discussing her in a tavern he is determined to defend his sister\'s honour. The cowardly Hawk refuses Nicholas\'s demand to "step outside" and flees, resulting in a carriage accident in which Hawk is injured. Hawk and Lord Verisopht argue over Hawk\'s lack of honour, and Hawk kills Lord Verisopht in a duel with pistols. Ralph Nickleby loses 6000 pounds in debt owed him, much to the delight of Noggs, who harbours a hidden desire for revenge against his employer. Nicholas finds employment as a clerk with the benevolent Cheerybles, portly twin brothers whose nephew Frank begins to court Kate. They provide him a cottage in which Nicholas can place his family and Smike, who has been accepted warmly by all. Meanwhile, Squeers returns to London, planning to capture Smike and bring him back to Dotheboys Hall, and is engaged by Ralph Nickleby to stalk Nicholas and Smike. Squeers and Mr. Snawley make off with Smike "on the wishes of his father". Nicholas, aided by Noggs, intercepts them and foils the plot. Smike, severely beaten by Squeers, is nursed by Kate and falls in love with her. Nicholas meets Madeline a third time when the Cheerybles assign Nicholas to help her situation in secrecy from her father. His uncle has been trying to coerce her father into giving Ralph her hand in marriage in exchange for settlement of his debt, and Mr. Bray finally accedes. Noggs warns Nicholas, who arrives at the Bray lodgings to find Madeline, unhappily dressed in a wedding gown, awaiting her fate. In a showdown with Ralph, they discover her father dead in his bedroom after Kate reveals to Madeline the true nature of Ralph Nickleby\'s character. Madeline faints and Nicholas carries her away, warning Ralph to leave her alone as she is now free of all obligations. Ralph\'s hatred of Nicholas makes him determined to ruin him, but he is brought up short by Noggs, who has realized from the facts told him by Nicholas that Smike is actually Ralph\'s son, whom Ralph had Noggs take to Dotheboys. Ralph\'s hold over Noggs has compelled him to harbour the secret for fifteen years. Smike was sent to the Squeers after his mother\'s death, using a forged birth certificate, so that Ralph could keep her inheritance rather than let their child have it, as dictated by law. Further, Squeers hired Snawley to act the part of Smike\'s father to make his kidnapping appear legal. Noggs delights in telling Ralph that Squeers has confessed the conspiracy to the authorities, and Ralph now faces prison and financial ruin. Smike, fallen into hopelessless because Kate is in love with Frank, succumbs to his various ailments and dies just before Ralph arrives at Smike\'s deathbed. The police come to Ralph\'s house to arrest him. Ralph flees to his garret and hangs himself. True love prevails, and Nicholas and Madeline and Kate and Frank are wed.'] ['In the far future, the known universe is ruled by Padishah Emperor Shaddam Corrino IV . The most important substance in his galactic empire is the spice melange. The spice has many special properties, such as extending life and expanding consciousness. The most profitable of its properties is its ability to assist the Spacing Guild with folding space. The spice is vital to space travel because it allows safe interstellar travel to any part of the universe instantaneously. Sensing a potential threat to spice production, the Guild sends an emissary to demand an explanation from the Emperor, who confidentially shares his plans to destroy House Atreides. The popularity of Duke Leto Atreides  has grown, and he is suspected to be amassing a secret army using sonic weapons called Weirding Modules, making him a threat to the Emperor. Shaddam\'s plan is to give the Atreides control of the planet Arrakis , the only source of spice, and to have them ambushed there by their longtime enemies, the Harkonnens. The Navigator commands the Emperor to kill the Duke\'s son, Paul Atreides , a young man who dreams prophetic visions of his purpose. The order draws the attention of the Bene Gesserit sisterhood, as Paul is tied to their centuries-long breeding program which seeks to produce the superhuman Kwisatz Haderach. Paul is tested by the Bene Gesserit Reverend Mother Gaius Helen Mohiam . With a deadly gom jabbar at his throat, Paul is forced to place his hand in a box which subjects him to excruciating pain. He passes to Mohiam\'s satisfaction. Meanwhile, on the industrial world of Giedi Prime, the sadistic Baron Vladimir Harkonnen  tells his nephews Glossu Rabban  and Feyd-Rautha  about his plan to eliminate the Atreides by manipulating someone into betraying the Duke. The Atreides leave Caladan for Arrakis, a barren desert planet plagued by gigantic sandworms and populated by the Fremen, mysterious people who have long held a prophecy that a messiah would come to lead them to freedom. Upon arrival on Arrakis, Leto is informed by one of his right-hand men, Duncan Idaho , that the Fremen have been underestimated, as they exist in vast numbers and could prove to be powerful allies. Leto gains the trust of Fremen, but before the Duke can establish an alliance with them, the Harkonnens launch their attack. While the Atreides had anticipated a trap, they are unable to withstand the attack, supported by the Emperor\'s elite troops, the Sardaukar, and aided by a traitor within House Atreides itself, Dr. Wellington Yueh . Captured, Leto dies in a failed attempt to assassinate the Baron Harkonnen using a poison gas capsule planted in his tooth by Dr. Yueh. Leto\'s concubine Lady Jessica  and his son Paul escape into the deep desert, where they manage to join a band of Fremen. Paul emerges as Muad\'Dib, the leader the Fremen have been waiting for. Paul teaches the Fremen to use the Weirding Modules and begins targeting mining production of spice. Within two years, spice production is effectively halted. The Emperor is warned by the Spacing Guild of the situation on Arrakis. The Guild fears that Paul will consume the Water of Life. These fears are revealed to Paul in a prophetic dream; he drinks the Water of Life and enters a coma. Awaking, he is transformed and gains control of the sandworms of Arrakis. He has discovered that water kept in huge caches by the Fremen can be used to destroy the spice. Paul has also seen into space and the future; the Emperor is amassing a huge invasion fleet above Arrakis to regain control of the planet and the spice. Upon the Emperor\'s arrival at Arrakis, he executes Rabban for failing to remedy the spice situation. Paul launches a final attack against the Harkonnens and the Emperor at the capital city of Arrakeen. His Fremen warriors defeat the Emperor\'s legions of Sardaukar, while Paul\'s sister Alia  kills Baron Harkonnen. Paul faces the defeated Emperor and relieves him of power, then engages Feyd-Rautha in a duel to the death. After Paul defeats Feyd, rain falls on Arrakis. Alia declares, "And how can this be? For he is the Kwisatz Haderach!"'] ['Mitch McDeere  is a young man with a promising future in law. About to graduate from Harvard Law School, he is approached by Bendini, Lambert & Locke, \'The Firm\', and made an offer he cannot refuse. He and his wife, Abigail "Abby" , move to Memphis, where The Firm is located. Avery Tolar  becomes his mentor at The Firm. Seduced by the money and gifts showered on him, including a house and car, he is at first totally oblivious to the more sinister side of his company. Then, two associates are murdered. The FBI contacts him, asking him for information and informing him that The Firm is connected to the mob, and that every associate who has ever tried to leave The Firm ends up murdered. His life as he knows it is forever changed. He has a choice: work with the FBI and risk being discovered by The Firm or losing his law license because he believes that attorney–client confidentiality prevents him from revealing the firm’s illegal activities to investigators, or stay with The Firm and both violate his personal code of ethics and go to jail when the FBI cracks The Firm. Either way he will lose his life as he knows it. Mitch devises a plan that allows him to cooperate with the FBI by finding proof that all partners from The Firm were guilty of overbilling, while at the same time reaching an agreement with the mob Morolto brothers. In addition he manages to do so without breaking any laws, thereby being able to keep his status as a lawyer. At the end of the film, the McDeeres leave their house in Memphis for Boston, driving the same car they arrived in.'] ['The American destroyer USS Bedford  detects a Soviet submarine in the GIUK gap near the Greenland coast. Though they are not at war, Captain Eric Finlander  harries his prey mercilessly, while civilian photojournalist Ben Munceford  and NATO naval advisor, Commodore  Wolfgang Schrepke , look on with mounting alarm. Because the submarine is not powered by a nuclear reactor, its submerged endurance is limited. This gives Finlander an advantage, but also means the Russians will be more desperate. Also aboard the ship are Ensign Ralston , an inexperienced young officer constantly being criticized by his captain for small errors, and Lieutenant Commander Chester Potter, USNR , the ship\'s new doctor who is a reservist recently recalled to active duty. Munceford is on board in order to photograph life on a navy destroyer, but his real interest is Captain Finlander, who was recently passed over for promotion to rear admiral. Munceford is curious as to why. He is treated with mounting hostility by the captain because he is seen as a civilian putting his nose where it does not belong and because he disagrees with Finlander\'s decision to continue with an unnecessary and dangerous confrontation. Finlander is hostile to anyone who is not involved in the hunt - including the doctor. The crew becomes increasingly fatigued by the unrelenting pursuit. The conflict escalates into a collision between the vessels. Captain Finlander orders Bedford to withdraw to a safe distance. He reassures Munceford and Schrepke that he is in command of the situation and that he will not fire first, but that "If he fires one, I\'ll fire one." Ensign Ralston mistakes Finlander\'s remark as an order to fire and launches an anti-submarine rocket, which destroys the submarine. Their sonar detects a salvo of four nuclear-armed torpedoes coming at the destroyer. Despite Munceford\'s frantic pleading, Finlander does nothing to save his ship, perhaps because he recognises that there is no way of escaping. The movie ends with still shots of various crewmen "melting" as if the celluloid film were burning as Bedford and her crew are vaporized. The last image is an iconic, towering mushroom cloud from the torpedo detonations. The movie bears an uncanny resemblance to the real-life, forced surfacing of Soviet submarine B-59 during the Cuban Missile Crisis. Unbeknownst to the American destroyers hunting B-59, it carried a nuclear torpedo, and the captain, thinking he was under attack and that World War III might be going on up on the surface, considered using his weapon. Unlike in the movie, where Finlander knew the sub carried a nuclear torpedo, the presence of one on B-59 was unknown to most people until decades later.'] ['Young and self-confident Danny Masters  is the teen-aged son of the late Harry Masters, the "greatest escape artist except for Houdini". Danny himself is an accomplished magician and escape artist. He leaves home to join Uncle Burke and Aunt Sibyl in their magic/mentalist act; Sibyl welcomes him but Burke is unenthusiastic. Danny soon finds himself embroiled with Stu Quiñones , corrupt son of Mayor Leon Quiñones. The quest for a missing wallet  leads to the comeuppance of the crooked mayor, and separately of his vindictive and out-of-control son. Along the way, Danny comes to terms with the death of his father, the circumstances of which he did not previously know.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083900/plotsummary'] ['John Whitney, an anthropologist for the Museum of Natural History in Chicago, is studying a newly-discovered tribe in South America, and drinks a soup made for him by the tribesmen. A short time later, he is seen accosting the captain of a merchant ship, asking that the shipment he has sent back to Chicago be unloaded from the ship. When the captain informs him that it\'s too late because the ship is about to leave, Whitney sneaks aboard. As the ship leaves the dock, Whitney searches through the cargo hold for his crates, crying out in despair when he does not find what he\'s looking for. Six weeks later, the ship arrives on the Illinois River, with its crew missing. Chicago PD homicide detective Lieutenant Vincent D\'Agosta  is assigned to investigate the ship. His partner, Sgt. Hollingsworth  is sure that the crew\'s disappearance is drug-related, but Lt. D\'Agosta opens the bilge hatch and finds dozens of bodies and severed heads inside. Dr. Margo Green , an evolutionary biologist, arrives at work at the Museum, which is planning a gala opening of its latest "Superstition" exhibition. She and her mentor, Dr. Frock  examine Whitney\'s crates, which are curiously empty, except for a bed of leaves used as packing materials and a stone statue of the "Kothoga," a mythical forest monster. Noticing a strange fungus growing on some of the leaves, Margo decides to save some for analysis. That night, security guard Fred Ford is gruesomely murdered in the same manner as the ship\'s crew. Lt. D\'Agosta investigates the murder and puzzles over a possible connection. Since he believes the killer may still be inside the Museum, he orders it closed until the police have finished searching, despite the protests of museum director, Dr. Cuthbert  about the upcoming opening. Margo analyzes the fungus and finds that it is loaded with concentrated hormones found in several animal species. Opening the container of leaves, she finds a beetle that crawled inside and has grown to a freakishy large size. The autopsy of Fred Ford reveals the bizarre fact that the killer tore open his skull and extracted the hypothalamus from his brain. An examination of the bodies from the ship reveals the same condition. Lt. D\'Agosta is not sure what to make of this, but then the police teams find a derelict hiding in the Museum\'s basement, who is shot to death when he attacks the officers. When the derelict is found to be a convicted felon, with a history of mental illness, and has Ford\'s wallet in his pocket, everyone except Lt. D\'Agosta considers the case closed, but the lieutenant has to give in when the Mayor of Chicago orders him to let the gala opening go on. On the night of the opening, Lt. D\'Agosta insists on sealing all areas of the museum except the main exhibition hall, while doing one last search of the basement tunnels. Dr. Frock and Margo are the last ones in the laboratory wing, and are unfortunately trapped inside when the wing is sealed . In the basement, Lt. D\'Agosta and his officers are attacked by something in the dark. The lieutenant tells Hollingsworth to run back to the main hall and evacuate the museum, but it is too late: the headless body of a murdered police officer tumbles from an air conditioning vent into the heart of the crowd, causing a panic. In their hysterical rush out of the museum, all the museum\'s alarms are tripped and their security system goes haywire, closing the fire doors and trapping a small group of people inside, just as the power fails. Alone, Lt. D\'Agosta finds his way to the lab wing, and discovers Margo and Dr. Frock. All three of them are then attacked by their antagonist: the real Kothoga, an enormous chimeric beast. They barely manage to close a steel door between it and them, while the monster wounds itself trying to batter through. Margo theorizes that the Kothoga must have been some much smaller animal that mutated after eating the fungal leaves that she found in John Whitney\'s packing crates. Dr. Frock excitedly expands on her hypothesis: without the leaves to eat, the Kothoga\'s closest substitute for the hormones contained in them is to extract and eat human hypothalami. The tribe that Whitney was studying must have discovered the properties of these leaves, and used them to turn an animal into a weapon of war, that would eventually die when it had no more humans to kill. Lt. D\'Agosta finds a radio and orders Hollingsworth to lead the trapped museum guests to an old coal tunnel that will allow them to escape. A few guests refuse to go, preferring to wait for the fire doors to be opened from the outside. But the Kothoga returns to the main hall and murders these guests, as well as several S.W.A.T. officers entering through the skylights. Margo analyzes the Kothoga\'s blood and guesses that, since it is at least part-reptilian, it is probably cold-blooded and they can kill it with liquid nitrogen. She and Lt. D\'Agosta collect the remaining leaves from Margo\'s lab, but discover that Dr. Frock has already been killed by the creature. Making their way to the sewer underneath the museum, Lt. D\'Agosta baits a trap with the leaves, luring the Kothoga away from the party escaping via the coal tunnel, who successfully escape the museum. But liquid nitrogen has no effect on the Kothoga, and Margo and D\'Agosta flee back to the lab wing. Over her protests, Lt. D\'Agosta tells her to lock herself inside, while he stays behind to stop the creature. As she pleads with him, her computer signals that it has completed the analysis of the Kothoga\'s DNA: the Kothoga was not sent back by John Whitney; it is John Whitney, mutated after innocently drinking a soup made from the leaves, fed to him by the hostile tribesmen. Just as she realizes this, the Kothoga smashes into the lab through the ceiling, while the lieutenant is trapped on the other side of the door. Margo runs through the lab, chased by the creature, and manages to start an explosive fire that destroys it, while she survives by climbing inside a maceration tank and pulling the cover shut over herself. As dawn comes, Lt. D\'Agosta and a team of police break into the lab, see the charred remains of the Kothoga, and rescue Margo from the tank.'] ["The film starts in San Diego. Lew  finds out that his wife is having an affair with another man. He grabs his gun and goes to seek revenge but finds both of them dead in the bed. He fears that the police would suspect him because he has had a bad past, so he dumps the bodies and his gun in the sea along with his boat. He leaves for a new life. Lew starts a new life, working as a sign board maker and gets a new girlfriend Rita . One evening while erecting a signboard on the side of a road, he overhears Isobel  and Ralph  discussing the kidnapping and murder plot of Ralph's wife Florence . He soon plots his own plan to pinch the ransom. At the same time, Herbert , brother of the man Lew's wife had affair with, comes following Lew thinking that Lew murdered his brother. Ralph kidnaps his wife Florence with the help of his girlfriend Isobel and keeps her in a boat. Lew has been following them and takes Florence away from the boat. Then he phones Ralph anonymously, threatening to call police unless he cuts him in for half the ransom money. Ralph agrees. Ralph and Isobel suspect that it is Florence who has some accomplice of her own and is blackmailing them. Lew sends Rita to get the money from Ralph. But Lew's plans turns awry when Herbert interrupts and kills Florence. When Rita comes back she finds Herbert struggling with Lew and shoots him dead. She later finds that the money she brought from Ralph is fake. Lew goes to Isobel and Ralph to ask them about the real money. In the meanwhile Rita tips the police. Soon police comes and arrests Lew, Ralph and Isobel. Lew is released on the verdict of Rita who had hidden the real money herself."] ['In 1863, First Lieutenant John J. Dunbar  is injured in the American Civil War. Rather than having his leg amputated, he takes a horse and rides up to the Confederate front lines, distracting them in the process. The roused Union army then attacks and the battle ends a Confederate rout. Dunbar survives, is allowed to properly recover, receives a citation for bravery and is awarded Cisco, the horse who carried him, as well as his choice of posting. Dunbar requests a transfer to the western frontier so he can see its vast terrain before it goes. Dunbar arrives at his new post, Fort Sedgwick, but finds it abandoned and in disrepair. Despite the threat of nearby Native American tribes, he elects to stay and man the post himself. He begins rebuilding and restocking the fort and prefers the solitude afforded him, recording many of his observations in his journal. Dunbar initially encounters his Sioux neighbors when several attempts are made to steal his horse and intimidate him. In response, Dunbar decides to seek out the Sioux camp in an attempt to establish a dialogue. On his way he comes across Stands With A Fist , who has injured herself in mourning of her deceased husband. She is the white adopted daughter of the tribe\'s medicine man Kicking Bird ([[Graham Greene , as her white family was killed by the aggressive Pawnee tribe when she was young. Dunbar returns her to the Sioux to be treated, which changes their attitude toward him. Eventually, Dunbar establishes a rapport with Kicking Bird and warrior Wind In His Hair  who equally wish to communicate. Initially the language barrier frustrates them, so Stands With A Fist, though with difficulty remembering her English, acts as translator. Dunbar finds himself drawn to the lifestyle and customs of the tribe and begins spending most of his time with them. Learning their language, he becomes a hero among the Sioux and is accepted as an honored guest after he locates a migrating herd of buffalo and participates in the hunt. When at Fort Sedgwick, Dunbar also befriends a wolf he dubs "Two Socks" for its white forepaws. When the Sioux observe Dunbar and Two Socks chasing each other, they give him his Sioux name "Dances with Wolves". During this time, Dunbar also forges a romantic relationship with Stands with a Fist and helps defend the village from an attack by the rival Pawnee. Dunbar eventually wins Kicking Bird\'s approval to marry Stands with a Fist, and abandons Fort Sedgwick. Because of the growing Pawnee and white threat, Chief Ten Bears  decides to move the tribe to its winter camp. Dunbar decides to accompany them but must first retrieve his journal from Fort Sedgewick. However, when he arrives he finds it occupied by the U.S. Army. Because of his Sioux clothing, the soldiers mistake him for a Native and open fire, killing Cisco and capturing Dunbar. Sgt Baur  interrogates him, but Dunbar cannot prove his situation as Corporal Spivey  had secretly stolen his journal. As a result, along with Dunbar\'s refusal to serve as an interpreter to the tribes, he is accused of treason and transported back east as a prisoner. While traveling in the armed caravan, the soldiers kill Two Socks when the wolf attempts to follow Dunbar. Eventually the Sioux track the convoy, killing the soldiers and freeing Dunbar. At the winter camp, Dunbar decides to leave with Stands With A Fist since his status will put the tribe in danger. As they leave, Wind In His Hair shouts across to Dunbar, reminding him of their friendship. U.S. troops are seen searching the mountains but are unable to locate them, while a lone wolf howls in the distance. An epilogue states that thirteen years later the last remnants of Sioux were subjugated to the American government, ending the conquest of the Western frontier states and the livelihoods of the tribes in the plains.'] ["Frankie Machine  is released from prison with a set of drums and a new outlook on life. A heroin addict, Frankie became clean in prison. On the outside, he greets friends and acquaintances. Sparrow , who runs a con selling homeless dogs, clings to him like a young brother, but Schwiefka ([[Robert Strauss , whom Frankie used to deal for in his illegal card game, has more sinister reasons for welcoming him back, as does Louis , Machine's former heroin dealer. Frankie sees his wife Zosh , who is supposedly wheelchair-bound, but secretly fully recovered, after a car crash some years ago. Zosh smothers her husband and hinders his attempt to make something of himself. He thinks he has what it takes to play drums for a big band. While calling to make an appointment, he bumps into an old flame, Molly . Frankie soon gets himself a tryout and asks Sparrow to get him a new suit, but the suit is a stolen one and he ends up back in a cell. Schwiefka offers to pay the bail. Frankie refuses, but soon changes his mind when the sight of a drug addict on the edge becomes too much for him. Now, to repay the debt, he must deal for Schwiefka again. Louis is trying to hook him on heroin again, and with no job and Zosh to please, pressure is building from all directions. Soon Frankie succumbs and is back on drugs and dealing marathon, all-night, card games for Schwiefka. He gets a tryout as a drummer, but spends 24 hours straight dealing a poker game. Desperately needing a fix, Frankie follows Louis home, attacks him, ransacks his house, but can't find his stash of heroin. At the audition, with withdrawal coming on, Frankie can't keep the beat and ruins his chance of landing the drumming job. When Louis goes to see Zosh to try to find him, Louis discovers that Zosh has been faking her paralysis and can walk. Zosh, scared of being found out, accidentally pushes him over the railing of the stairwell to his death, but things backfire when Frankie is sought for murder. Initially not realizing he is a suspect in Louie's death, Frankie goes to Molly hoping to get money for a fix. After learning the police are looking for him, Molly convinces Frankie that he must go cold turkey if he is to stand a chance with the police. Frankie agrees and is locked in Molly's apartment where he goes through a grueling withdrawal to clear the drugs from his body. Finally clean again, he tells Zosh he is going to leave her, start anew and stand trial. In her desperation, Zosh once again gives herself away, standing up in front of Frankie and the police. She runs, but can get no further than the outside balcony. Trapped, she blows the whistle and throws herself off the balcony to her death. An ambulance then arrives to take Zosh to the hospital and drives away while Frankie watches in dismay. He then walks away with Molly."] ['With equal parts humor and vitriol, Academy Award-winner Richard Dreyfuss and Emmy Award-winner Judy Davis portray Barnaby and Maxine Pierce, a middle-aged couple exploring the ups and downs of a marriage that has spun out of control. They have decided to divorce, but take one last cross country road trip from Connecticut to Los Angeles to attend the wedding of their son and give him their vintage Thunderbird as a gift. By reflecting on the life they’ve shared together, the couple begins to re-evaluate their marriage and discover the possibility of rekindling their relationship.'] ["It's the early 1920s and Aleksandr Ivanovich 'Sascha' Luzhin , a gifted but tormented chess player, arrives in a Northern Italian city to compete in an international chess competition. Prior to the tournament he meets Natalia Katkov  and he falls in love with her almost immediately. She in turn finds his manner to be appealing and they begin to see each other in spite of her mother's disapproval. Competing alongside Luzhin in the championship is Dottore Salvatore Turati , who is approached by Leo Valentinov , a Russian, who is Luzhin's former chess tutor from pre-revolutionary Russia. Valentinov tells the Italian that Luzhin cannot handle pressure and he intimates he will make sure that his former prodigy will be unsettled off-table giving Turati a winning chance. The competition starts badly for Luzhin who is unsettled by the presence of his former friend and coach. He struggles through the early rounds but he soon begins to win again as his relationship with Katkov becomes closer and intimate. She then informs her parents that she is going to marry him. Meanwhile Luzhin goes on to reach the final and face Turati.  But in the finals the Russian Émigré loses out to the time clock, forcing the game to adjourn. However, outside the venue, he is whisked away by an accomplice of Valentinov who abandons him in the countryside. His former teacher knows that this will completely unhinge him because of the memory of his parents' abandonment many years ago. Luzhin wanders aimlessly until he collapses and is found by a group of Blackshirts. Luzhin is taken to the hospital suffering from complete mental exhaustion. The doctor informs Katkov that he will die if he keeps playing chess as he is addicted to the game and it's consuming his very being. Nevertheless even while recuperating Valentinov comes around with a chess board encouraging Luzhin to finish the match with the Italian, Turati. Eventually Luzhin leaves the hospital. He and Natalia then agree to marry at the earliest opportunity. However on the morning of the wedding, Luzhin is put into a car with Valentinov, who tells him that there is the small matter of finishing the competition. In terror, Luzhin leaps from the car. Dazed, cut and mentally confused, he stumbles back to the hotel where he tries to dig up a glass chess piece in the grounds, one which he buried years ago, but he does not find it. Luzhin, who is in his muddied wedding suit, sits in his room as Natalia and the hotel staff try to open the door. But before they can get in, the troubled chess grandmaster throws himself out of his bedroom window and dies. The tragic death is witnessed by Valentinov who has just arrived by car. The film then concludes in the competition hall where Natalia completes the competition using her fiance's notes. Turati does exactly what Luzhin expected and loses. Katkov and Turati then leave acknowledging the Pyrrhic victory and the genius of Luzhin."] ['Alex , a 16-year-old skateboarder, rides a freight train clandestinely with a man named Scratch  whom he has just met at the Eastside Skatepark, known as "Paranoid Park". While the train is moving a security guard  notices the pair, chases after them, and tries to get them off by hitting Scratch with his flashlight. During the melee, Alex hits him with his skateboard and the guard, losing balance, falls onto another track into the path of an oncoming freight train which cuts him in half. Alex tries to destroy some of the evidence. For example, he throws his skateboard into the Willamette River from the Steel Bridge, and when he arrives at his friend Jared\'s  house, he showers and disposes of the clothes he had been wearing. Alex is later questioned at school by Detective Richard Lu , as are several other students who had been skateboarding on the night in question. It is revealed that the police have recovered Alex\'s skateboard, though they have not traced it back to him, and have identified DNA evidence which places the skateboard at the scene of the security guard\'s death. Throughout the film Alex keeps the incident to himself, and does not confide in anyone else. After having impassive sex with his girlfriend, Jennifer , he breaks up with her. Another of his friends, Macy , notices that he is worried about something. She advises him to write down whatever is bothering him as a cathartic release if nothing else. He initially rejects the idea, but eventually writes an account around which the story and its narration are based. After completing the written account, Alex burns it.'] ['The year is 1645 - the middle of the English Civil War. Matthew Hopkins , an opportunist and witchhunter, takes advantage of the breakdown in social order to impose a reign of terror on East Anglia. Hopkins and his assistant, John Stearne ([[Robert Russell , visit village after village, brutally torturing confessions out of suspected witches. They charge the local magistrates for the work they carry out. Richard Marshall  is a young Roundhead. After surviving a brief skirmish and killing his first enemy soldier , he rides home to Brandeston, Suffolk, to visit his lover Sara . Sara is the niece of the village priest, John Lowes . Lowes gives his permission to Marshall to marry Sara, telling him there is trouble coming to the village and he wants Sara far away before it arrives. Marshall asks Sara why the old man is frightened. She tells him they have been threatened and become outcasts in their own village. Marshall vows to Sara, "rest easy and no-one shall harm you. I put my oath to that." At the end of his army leave, Marshall rides back to join his regiment, and chances upon Hopkins and Stearne on the path. Marshall gives the two men directions to Brandeston then rides on. In Brandeston, Hopkins and Stearne immediately begin rounding up suspects. Lowes is thrown into a cell and tortured. He has needles stuck into his back , and is about to be killed, when Sara stops Hopkins by offering him sexual favours in exchange for her uncle\'s safety. However, soon Hopkins is called away to another village. Stearne takes advantage of Hopkins\' absence by raping Sara. When Hopkins returns and finds out what Stearne has done, Hopkins will have nothing further to do with the young woman. He instructs Stearne to begin torturing Lowes again. Shortly before departing the village, Hopkins and Stearne execute Lowes and two women. Marshall returns to Brandeston and is horrified by what has happened to Sara. He vows to kill both Hopkins and Stearne. After "marrying" Sara in a ceremony of his own devising and instructing her to flee to Lavenham, he rides off by himself. In the meantime, Hopkins and Stearne have become separated after a Roundhead patrol attempts to commandeer their horses. Marshall locates Stearne, but after a brutal fight, Stearne is able to escape. He reunites with Hopkins and informs him of Marshall\'s desire for revenge. Hopkins and Stearne enter the village of Lavenham. Marshall, on a patrol to locate the King, learns they are there and quickly rides to the village with a group of his soldier friends. Hopkins, however, having earlier learned that Sara was in Lavenham, has set a trap to capture Marshall. Hopkins and Stearne frame Marshall and Sara as witches and take them to the castle to be interrogated. Marshall watches as needles are repeatedly jabbed into Sara\'s back, but he refuses to confess to witchcraft, instead vowing again to kill Hopkins. He breaks free from his bonds at the same time that his army compatriots approach their place of confinement. Marshall grabs an axe and repeatedly strikes Hopkins. The soldiers enter the room and are horrified to see what their friend has done. One of them puts the mutilated but still living Hopkins out of his misery by shooting him dead. Marshall\'s mind snaps and he shouts, "You took him from me! You took him from me!" Sara, also apparently on the brink of insanity, screams uncontrollably over and over again.'] ["Brooks Wilson  is a busy man, juggling his work as a commercial artist with a marriage to Selma  and two young children. He also has a girlfriend on the side named Grace  who wants him to commit to her, but he cannot do this. Brooks is trying very hard to land an elusive account from Lepridon , but this is seeming harder to achieve than he thought. One evening they attend a party at a grand Connecticut home. Feeling his life is falling apart, Brooks seduces flirty Nelly , wife of his associate Will ([[David Doyle . They go to a children's playhouse outside the main house, and their indiscretions are caught on closed-circuit television. Selma and Will are devastated. Brooks and Will fall into a fist-fight. After the commotion dies down, the harried Brooks tells Selma that he finally landed the Lepridon account. She smacks him with her handbag, and they stare at each other in silence, seeing their marriage honestly for the first time."] [" :By What Means Redmond Barry Acquired the Style and Title of Barry Lyndon An omniscient  narrator  informs us that in 1750s Ireland, the father of Redmond Barry  is killed in a duel over a disputed horse sale. The widow , disdaining offers of marriage, devotes herself to her only son. As a teenager, Barry falls in love with his older cousin, Nora Brady . Though she seduces him, she later drops Barry  for the well-off English Captain John Quin . Nora and her family plan to relieve their poverty with an advantageous marriage, but Barry refuses to accept the situation and shoots Quin in a duel. Barry flees to Dublin, but en route is robbed of purse and equipment by Captain Feeney , a famous highwayman. Broke, Barry joins the British army, whereupon he reunites with Captain Grogan , a family friend, who informs him that, in fact, he did not kill Quin — Barry's dueling pistol was loaded with tow. The duel was staged by Nora's family to get rid of Barry so that their family finances would be secured through the marriage of Nora and Quin. Barry's regiment is sent to France to fight in the Seven Years' War, where Captain Grogan is fatally wounded by the French at the Battle of Minden. Barry deserts the army, stealing an officer courier's uniform, horse, and identification papers. En route to neutral Holland he encounters the Prussian Captain Potzdorf , who, seeing through his disguise, offers him the choice of being turned back over to the British where he will be shot as a deserter, or enlisting in the Prussian army. Barry enlists in his second army and later receives a special commendation from Frederick the Great for saving Potzdorf's life in a battle. After the war ends in 1763, Barry is employed by Captain Potzdorf's uncle in the Prussian Ministry of Police to become the servant of the Chevalier de Balibari ([[Patrick Magee , a professional gambler. The Prussians suspect he is a spy and send Barry as an undercover agent to verify this. Barry reveals himself to the Chevalier right away and they become confederates cheating at cards. After he and the Chevalier cheat the Prince of Tübingen at the cardtable, the Prince accuses the Chevalier  and refuses to pay his debt unless the Chevalier demands satisfaction. When Barry relays this to his Prussian handlers, they  are wary of allowing another meeting between the Chevalier and the Prince. So, the Prussians arrange for the Chevalier to be expelled from the country. Barry conveys this plan to the Chevalier, who flees in the night. The next morning, Barry, under disguise as the Chevalier, is escorted from Prussian territory by Prussian officers. For the next few years, Barry and the Chevalier travel the spas and parlors of Europe, profiting from their gambling with Barry enforcing reluctant debtors with a duel. Seeing that his life is going nowhere, Barry decides to marry into wealth. At a gambling table in Belgium, he encounters the beautiful and wealthy Countess of Lyndon . He seduces and later marries her after the death of her elderly husband, Sir Charles Lyndon . <div styleAct IIEpilogue :It was in the reign of King George III that the aforesaid personages lived and quarreled; good or bad, handsome or ugly, rich or poor, they are all equal now"] ['The West Berlin office of the Circus, under administrator Alec Leamas , has not been doing well. In fact, he is recalled to London shortly after the death of one of his operatives. Leamas is seemingly demoted to the banking section of the agency. In reality, a carefully staged transformation of Leamas has been arranged. Now depressed and disgruntled, he is quickly spotted by the East German Intelligence Service as a potential defector. Leamas accepts overtures from German communists to reveal British secrets for payment, and he is interviewed in Holland about what he knows. When the process is later moved to East Berlin, the interviews become less cordial. It appears Leamas has information that will implicate a powerful East German intelligence officer named Mundt as a paid informant of the British, but the information is spotty and it frustrates his interrogator, "Herr Fiedler" . When Mundt arrives at the compound and discovers the investigation, he has both Leamas and Fiedler arrested. Mundt himself is eventually arrested. An East German tribunal ensues to determine the guilt of Mundt, or possibly Fiedler, with Leamas appearing as a star witness. Mundt\'s attorney  uncovers several discrepancies in Leamas\' transformation into an informant. Leamas\' credibility is further undermined when his English girlfriend, an unassuming and idealistic communist named Nan Perry , is brought into the hearings to confirm Leamas\' character. As Leamas\' charade unravels and he is forced to admit he is still working as a British agent, Fiedler is escorted from the room as a complicit dupe and Mundt\'s reputation is untarnished. Leamas initially believes he has failed in his mission and he will soon be executed. But when Mundt releases him from his cell with an escape plan in tow, he learns that his mission has actually succeeded; Fiedler was the agent to be undermined and Mundt was indeed a British agent. Although this comes as a surprise to Leamas , he isn\'t completely shocked by the revelation. As he and Perry sit in a car waiting to be escorted from East Germany, she berates him as being involved in murder: the execution of Fiedler who was guilty of nothing. Leamas, agitated by Perry\'s naiveté, tells her that her worldview is childish and people are murdered every day - on both sides - while she lives an insulated life: "What do you think spies are?" he asks. "They are a bunch of seedy squalid bastards like me, little drunkards, queers, henpecked husbands ..." Leamas and Perry are soon ushered to the Berlin Wall and apparently permitted to leave. But Perry has learned too much about Mundt\'s true identity and is not trusted to keep it secret. She becomes a victim of the Cold War and is shot down as she tries to cross the wall. Leamas then looks down from the top of the wall at Perry, while agents from both sides urge him to return to the west. Instead he climbs back down the East German side of the wall and goes to Perry\'s lifeless body, but is then himself shot dead.'] ["This film is set in Harlem, of which 110th Street is an informal boundary line. By-the-book African-American Lieutenant William Pope  has to work with crude, racist but streetwise Italian-American Captain Frank Mattelli  in the NYPD's 27th precinct. They are looking for three black men who slaughtered seven men&mdash;three black gangsters and two Italian gangsters, as well as two patrol officers&mdash;in the robbery of $300,000 from a Mafia-owned Harlem policy bank. Mafia lieutenant Nick D'Salvio  and his two henchmen are also after the hoods. Paul Benjamin plays the troubled Jim Harris, who is the last of the surviving robbers; he makes his choice in the emotional climax. In one of many violent scenes, D'Salvio finds getaway driver Henry J. Jackson  and brutalizes him in a Harlem whorehouse."] ["After her father's death Sophie Ware returns to her home town in hopes of running the family ranch. She struggles with the awkwardness of being home as she is now used to living in a big city as an accomplished musician. She is surprised when Alex, the farm's handyman, offers her a marriage of convenience in order to keep the farm afloat."] ["Jane Eyre  is the plain, impoverished young woman who is hired by Mr. Rochester  through Mrs. Fairfax  to work as a governess for Adele . Despite her mild unprepossessing manner more like a nun, Jane has strong internal passions and shows her strength in character in expressing her opinions and showing resolve in times of trouble. Rochester is the Byronic anti-hero who is tortured and tormented by family troubles, past injustices and secrets. Rochester and Jane find an affinity for each other and fall in love. The marriage date is set. What she does not realize is that she must share the estate  with his wife, Bertha ([[Maria Schneider , who is mentally ill and kept locked away in an upstairs attic with a nurse, Grace Poole . The marriage is stopped by Bertha's brother Richard Mason  and lawyer Briggs . Jane flees, her world crashing down is a nightmare. She recovers in the parsonage of her original aunt's home, discovers she is now a wealthy woman inheriting her long-lost uncle's fortune in Madeira. She gets a proposal of marriage from Parson St. John Rivers but her heart and soul is with Rochester. She goes back to find Thornfield Hall burnt down but Rochester is crippled and blinded by the fire set by his mad wife, Bertha, who has killed herself in the fire. However, Jane's love for Rochester remains undiminished; she nurses him back to health, he recovers his eyesight and they marry."] ["Avery Bullard, president and driving force of the Tredway Corporation, a major company in the small town of Millburgh, Pennsylvania, dies suddenly while in New York City. Bullard drops dead in the street after a stroke moments after telegraphing his secretary with orders to call a meeting of the executive board. At that meeting it was likely he would name an executive vice president who would be his presumptive successor. But Bullard is now dead and without an agreed successor. So the board of directors, four of whose members are vice presidents who could rise to the top job, must vote for his replacement. The frontrunner is the ambitious but unimaginative Loren Shaw, the company Controller concerned more with profitability and satisfying the stockholders than the quality of the company's products. He holds the proxy of the main shareholder and board member Julia Tredway, who had been hopelessly in love with Bullard. In addition, board member George Caswell, one of the investment bankers with whom Bullard had been meeting in New York, offers his support in return for certain lucrative considerations. The only viable alternative is idealistic Vice President for Design Don Walling, who is not even sure he wants the job. He would rather spend his time developing new products and more efficient manufacturing methods, and his wife Mary is strongly against his giving up that dream. Walling is supported by Treasurer Frederick Alderson, Bullard's best friend, who sees Walling as the best hope for saving the company, but fears he might be too young for the job. Jesse Grimm is opposed to Walling for reasons of his own, while Walt Dudley is being blackmailed by Shaw, having been caught by him having an affair. The machinations, bargaining and maneuvering leading up to the election propel the plot. In the end, Walling's enthusiasm and vision pour out in a boardroom speech and he is elected the new company president."] ['In mid-1800s England, Oscar Hopkins  is a young Anglican priest, a misfit and an outcast, but with the soul of an angel. As a boy, even though from a strict Plymouth Brethren family, he felt God told him through a sign to leave his father and his faith and join the Church of England. Lucinda Leplastrier  is a teenage Australian heiress who has an almost desperate desire to liberate her sex from the confines of the male-dominated culture of Australia at that time. She buys a glass factory and has a dream of building a church made almost entirely of glass, and then transporting it to the Australian Outback. Oscar and Lucinda meet on a ship going to Australia; once there, they are for different reasons ostracized from society, and as a result "join forces" together. Oscar and Lucinda are both passionate gamblers, and Lucinda bets Oscar her entire inheritance that he cannot transport the glass church to the Outback safely. Oscar accepts her wager, and this leads to the events that will change both their lives forever.'] ["The film spans several decades in the unconventional life of feisty nonagenarian Hagar Shipley, who sets off on a journey to reconcile herself with her past when she discovers her son Marvin and daughter-in-law Doris are moving her into a nursing home. In a crumbling house she had visited in her youth, Hagar recalls her estrangement from her father, a wealthy Manitoba shopkeeper who disowned her when she married farmer Bram Shipley. Despite her defiance, she considered herself superior to her husband, and treated him callously as their relationship disintegrated and he became an alcoholic. Her younger son John, her favorite, eventually broke her heart by becoming involved with Arlene, a wild girl of whom she disapproved. Now in hiding, Hagar meets Leo, who forces her to confront the one secret she feels she must take to her grave, namely the role she played in John's death. No longer able to repress her emotions, she realizes the bad decisions and misjudgments she made throughout her life were a result of her resolute stubbornness, and eventually she is able to find closure with Marvin."] ['{{Plot}} As the Soviet Union begins to undergo radical political change, a group of renegade Soviet military officers steal a nuclear missile and launch it towards the Soviet Union from Turkey. The Soviet city of Donetsk is destroyed by the stolen missile. When the missile hits, Soviet defense systems see that the weapon was launched from Turkey, and conclude that a NATO attack is in progress. The Soviets retaliate by launching ICBMs and SLBMs at the United States from both nuclear submarines and from land-based silos. Moments after the Soviet attack is launched, the President of the United States receives a teleprinter message from his counterpart in the Soviet Union saying that they have determined that the first missile was launched by renegades and not by NATO; the Premier tells the President that the Soviet Union will, without retaliation, accept a limited U.S. counterstrike comparable with the Soviet attack . However, should the U.S. counterstrike be any larger, the Soviets will have no choice but to retaliate in kind &mdash; meaning that an all-out nuclear exchange would almost certainly ensue. To further add to the turmoil, China launches its own strike against the Soviets in accordance with a treaty with the United States. The President argues over the phone with General Renning at Strategic Air Command Headquarters at Offutt AFB, Nebraska, over whether or not the teleprinter message can be trusted. The General believes it is a bluff intended to trick the U.S. into not counterattacking and leaving itself vulnerable, while the President is reluctant to launch a nuclear strike over what could be a mistake. General Renning orders his naval attache, "Harpoon", to board the Boeing E-4 airborne command post and orders a launch of his remaining land-based bombers, as most of them have been destroyed in the initial Soviet attack. After much persuasion, the President orders an initial counter-assault, just after Washington, D.C. is struck by a nuclear missile, which was originally intended to detonate over Andrews AFB, Maryland but overshot its target by 13 miles and instead detonates over Walter Reed Army Hospital. Renning then informs the President that the Soviets have launched a second attack, presumably proving him right in that the Soviet Premier was being untruthful. The President reluctantly orders a second counterstrike. Aboard Marine One, the President\'s Emergency War Orders officer  receives a teleprinter message informing him that the second nuclear strike was directed at the Chinese, not at the United States, meaning that the United States will not suffer further casualties. The President is then evacuated from The White House on Marine One and is en route to Dover AFB, Delaware, but is presumed killed when a second nuclear weapon detonates over Andrews and causes the helicopter to crash. The President is, however, only wounded, yet now completely blind from exposure to the light of the nuclear explosion. Assuming the President is dead, the United States Army and the Federal Bureau of Investigation locate the Secretary of the Interior in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. As the only remaining Cabinet member known to still be alive, and thus next in the order of succession, the Secretary of the Interior is installed as President of the United States with the codename "Condor". Though the Secretary at first appears open to the suggestion of Harpoon, who urges a cautious approach involving reduced hostilities, he quickly decides instead to follow the advice of the hawkish Colonel Fargo, who sees the total destruction of the Soviet Union as the only acceptable resolution to the conflict. On board the Boeing E-4, Condor orders a decapitating strike on the Soviet Union, concentrating on the destruction of leadership bunkers by land-based bombers and the launch of all U.S. submarine-based nuclear missiles. Condor holds fast to his decision to attack the Soviet Union, even after hearing that the President of the United States is still alive, as he believes the communication to be a trick by the Soviet Union. In Olney, Maryland, the President is taken to a nearby Federal Emergency Management Agency emergency shelter, where he is able to get in touch with the Soviet Premier via shortwave, though there is some question at the time of whether the authentication is legitimate. He then contacts the Looking Glass command aircraft which recognizes that the President is still alive. He then orders the Looking Glass aircraft battle staff to stand down the bombers and land-based missiles; however, to prevent Condor from ordering the launch of the submarine-based missiles from the U.S. Navy\'s TACAMO communications aircraft, the Looking Glass aircraft loyal to the President pledges to ram the E-4B. Minutes before Condor sends out the order for a full-scale nuclear strike, the Looking Glass is able to ram the E-4B . The President then reasserts control and orders a stand-down of all U.S. nuclear and military forces. The Soviet Union responds in kind. However, the outcome of the conflict between Soviet Union and China is left unanswered.'] ["The film describes a year in the life of Emma Woodhouse, a congenial but naïve young woman who thinks of herself as a romantic matchmaker in her small community in early-19th-century England. When her governess, Miss Taylor, gets married and goes to live with her new husband, Mr Weston, Emma proudly takes credit for having brought the couple together. Her father and their old family friend George Knightley dispute her claim and disapprove of her trying to make more matches, but she ignores their warnings and sets her mind on setting up Mr Elton, the minister who performed the Westons's marriage ceremony, with Harriet Smith, an unsophisticated young woman just entering society. As a close friendship develops between Emma and Harriet, it becomes clear that Harriet is being courted by Robert Martin, a farmer who has known Harriet since she was a girl. When Mr Martin proposes to Harriet, she is inclined to accept, but she has come to rely heavily on Emma's advice, and Emma persuades her to reject the proposal. Meanwhile, Mr Elton has been expressing a desire for Emma by taking an interest in a picture she drew of Harriet and by giving her a riddle for a book of riddles being compiled by Harriet. Emma misinterprets this as interest in Harriet, but when Mr Elton and Emma are alone, he fervently declares his love for Emma herself, and she finally realizes her mistake. She rejects his pleas, and he later marries another woman, who turns out to be a vain socialite who competes with Emma for status in the community. Over the next few months, various gatherings show who loves whom among Emma's friends: * Emma is briefly attracted to a charming, gallant young man named Frank Churchill, Mr Weston's son who comes to visit from London, but Emma soon decides to set him up with Harriet. * Frank Churchill is revealed to have a secret engagement with a shy, pretty woman named Jane Fairfax. * Harriet has no interest in Frank, preferring Mr Knightley, who was the only man who would dance with her at a party. * Mr Knightley danced with Harriet only out of politeness, and is starting to fall in love with Emma. The conclusion of the story begins when Emma ridicules a poor woman named Miss Bates during a picnic, after which Mr. Knightley angrily scolds Emma and leaves town for a while. She finds herself thinking about him while he's away, but doesn't realise she loves him until Harriet expresses interest in him. When Mr Knightley returns, he and Emma cross paths in a meadow and have a conversation that begins awkwardly but ends with him asking her to marry him and her gladly accepting. The news of their engagement upsets Harriet, who avoids Emma for a while, but returns a few weeks later, engaged to Mr Martin. The film ends with Emma and Mr Knightley's wedding."] ['Following the death from accidental asphyxiation of Ralph Gurney, the 13th Earl of Gurney , Jack Gurney  becomes the 14th Earl of Gurney. Jack Gurney at first thinks he is God and shocks his family and friends with his talk of returning to the world to bring it love and charity, not to mention his penchant for breaking out into song and dance routines and sleeping upright on a cross. When faced with unpalatable facts , Jack puts them in his "galvanized pressure cooker" and they disappear. His unscrupulous uncle, Sir Charles , marries him to his mistress, Grace , in hopes of producing an heir and putting his nephew in an institution; the plan fails when Grace falls in love with Jack. Jack gains another ally in Sir Charles\' wife, Lady Claire , who hates her husband and befriends Jack just to spite him. She also begins sleeping with Jack\'s psychiatrist, Dr. Herder ([[Michael Bryant , to persuade him to cure Jack quickly. Herder attempts to cure him through intensive psychotherapy, to no avail; Jack so thoroughly believes that he is the "God of Love" that he dismisses any suggestion to the contrary as the rambling of lunatics. The night his wife goes into labour, Herder makes a last effort at therapy; he introduces Jack to McKyle , a patient who also believes himself to be Christ or as the patient puts it, "The Electric Messiah" who subjects an unwitting Jack to electroshock therapy. The plan is to use the electroshock to jolt Jack out of his delusions, showing him that the two men could not both be God and so he must be operating under hallucinations. The plan works, and as Grace delivers a healthy baby boy, Jack appears to return to his senses and proclaims "I\'m Jack, I\'m Jack". In truth, he now believes himself to be Jack the Ripper. Sir Charles sends for a court appointed psychiatrist  to evaluate Jack, confident that his nephew will be sent to an asylum for life. He is once again thwarted when the psychiatrist discovers that Jack was a fellow Old Etonian, bonds with him and declares him sane. Jack Gurney is now a violent psychopath with a fanatical hatred of women and an ability to pretend to be sane as needed. Jack murders Lady Claire in a fit of enraged revulsion when the aging woman tries to seduce him. He frames the Communist family butler, Tucker , for the murder. Shortly after this Sir Charles suffers a stroke and a severe loss of mental faculties and Dr. Herder loses his sanity upon realizing what Jack has done. Jack assumes his place in the House of Lords with a fiery speech in favor of capital and corporal punishment. The speech is wildly applauded and the lords have no idea that it is the ranting of a madman, in contrast to society\'s reaction when Jack believed he was Christ. That night, he murders Grace for expressing her love for him. The story\'s ending is ambiguous; Jack\'s fate is left open to interpretation.'] ['A group of wealthy industrialists gather in the home of Mr. Lloyd, a millionaire who introduces them to Richard "Mack" McAllan, the engineer who successfully spearheaded the construction of the Channel Tunnel . McAllan informs the group that the "Allanite steel" he developed, along with a "radium drill" developed by his friend Frederick "Robbie" Robbins, makes it possible to construct an undersea tunnel linking England with the United States. Though the group is initially skeptical, the backing of Lloyd and his associate Mostyn convinces the group to buy shares in the project. Three years into construction of the tunnel, McAllan is a worldwide celebrity, but his work keeps him from his devoted wife Ruth and their young son Geoffrey. Called away to New York, he is informed that the people are losing faith in the project. Lloyd needs to have him use his fame to shore up support. Lloyd\'s attractive daughter Varlia, who is secretly in love with McAllan, keeps him company to further intensify the attention of the press. The photos of the couple add to Ruth\'s sense of isolation, and she decides to work in the tunnel as a nurse. There she is affected by an unknown gas afflicting the workers and loses her eyesight. Worried that her husband no longer loves her and not wanting him to stay with her out of pity, Ruth leaves McAllan, taking their son with her. Heartbroken at her unexplained departure, McAllan throws himself into the project, alienating Robbins in the process. Years pass. Though the cost of the tunnel in lives and money continues to mount, the British Prime Minister and American President eagerly anticipate its completion and the unity and peace they promise it will bring. Ruth lives in the countryside with her now-grown son, who lobbies Robbins to find him a job working in the tunnel. The tunnel itself is nearing completion, but the workers encounter a submarine volcano that will necessitate a detour. McAllan needs more money to establish a detour, but is opposed by Grellier, an arms manufacturer, and Mostyn. The two men had earlier manipulated the stock market to become the controlling shareholders in the company. Lloyd suspects that Grellier and Mostyn plan to use the delay to depress stock prices again, and this time gain total ownership of the tunnel, but Varlia convinces Mostyn to fund further construction by promising him the one thing he has always wanted, but never gotten—her hand in marriage. Though the project goes forward, Grellier has Mostyn killed for backing out of their deal. Despite the renewed effort, samples indicate the volcano may be too large to drill around. The drill breaks through to volcanic gases that kill hundreds of workers, including Geoffrey. The project seems on the verge of collapse. Determined to see the project through and fortified by the reappearance of Ruth , McAllan vows to press on. With three volunteers, McAllan and Robbins man the radium drill and, despite near-fatal temperatures, break through to the American side of the tunnel.'] ['The prologue shows a church in Guatemala in which two men, Ben Mears and Mark Petrie, are filling small bottles with holy water. When one of the bottles begins to emit an eerie supernatural glow, Mears tells Petrie "They\'ve found us again." The story then flashes back two years, to the small town of Salem\'s Lot  in Maine in the United States. Ben Mears, an author, has returned to the town after a long absence to write a book about the Marsten House, an ominous old property on a hilltop which has a reputation for being haunted. Mears attempts to rent the house but finds that another new arrival in town, the mysterious Richard Straker, has recently bought it. Straker also opens an antique shop with his oft-mentioned but always absent business partner, Kurt Barlow. Meanwhile, Mears moves into a boarding house in town run by Eva Miller, and develops a romantic relationship with a local woman, Susan Norton. He befriends Susan\'s father, Dr. Bill Norton, and also renews his old friendship with his former school teacher, Jason Burke. Mears tells Burke that he feels the Marsten House is somehow inherently evil, and recalls how he was once traumatized in the house when he was a child. After a large crate is delivered to the Marsten House one night, an increasing number of the townsfolk begin to disappear or die in strange circumstances. Both Mears and Straker are initially the main suspects as they are new in town, but it becomes clear that the crate contained Straker\'s mysterious business partner, Kurt Barlow, an ancient master vampire who has come to the town after having sent Straker to make way for his arrival. Straker kills a young local boy, Ralphie Glick, as an offering to Barlow, while Barlow himself kills local realtor Larry Crockett after he is chased out of the home of Bonnie Sawyer by Bonnie\'s husband. The Glick boy then returns as a vampire to claim his brother, Danny, who himself becomes undead. In turn, Danny kills the local gravedigger Mike Ryerson who was bothered by Danny\'s open eyes and then attempts to kill his schoolfriend Mark Petrie. However, Mark is a horror film buff who manages to repel Danny with a crucifix. Slowly, the vampires spread as Mears and Burke figure out what is happening to the town and attempt to do something to stop it. Mark\'s parents are both killed by Barlow, though Mark is allowed to escape when the local priest, Father Callahan, sacrifices himself to Barlow. Jason Burke, however, falls prey to a heart attack following an encounter with the newly vampirised Mike Ryerson. In the end, Susan Norton and Mark Petrie are captured by Straker after breaking into the Marsten House. Armed with wooden stakes and holy water, Mears and Dr. Norton head over to the house to destroy Barlow when they run into Mark who has managed to escape. Inside the house, Dr. Norton is killed by Straker, who is himself then killed by Mears using a pistol. Afterwards, Mears and Petrie find Barlow\'s coffin in the cellar and destroy him by driving a stake through his heart. They then escape from the other vampires in the cellar , and set fire to the house. However, Susan is nowhere to be found. As the house burns, the wind begins to carry the fire towards the town itself. Mears and Petrie then flee Salem\'s Lot knowing that the fire will drive all the other vampires from their hiding places and purify the town from the evil that has engulfed it. The story then returns to Mears and Petrie at the church in Guatemala two years later. It quickly becomes clear that they are on the run from the surviving vampires from Salem\'s Lot, who have been relentlessly pursuing them. Their supplies of holy water glow whenever a vampire is nearby. Realising that they have been tracked down yet again, Mears and Petrie return to their lodgings to collect their belongings. However, once there, Mears finds Susan lying in his bed. Now a vampire, she prepares to bite him as he leans down to kiss her, but he drives a stake through her heart. Filled with grief, he and Petrie leave, knowing that vampires are still hunting them.'] ['In the Mississippi Delta, failing, bigoted, middle-aged cotton gin-owner Archie Lee Meighan  has been married to pretty, empty-headed 19-year old virgin Baby Doll Meighan  for two years. Archie impatiently waits for Baby Doll\'s 20th birthday just a few days away when, by prior agreement with Baby Doll\'s dying father, the marriage can finally be consummated. In the meantime, Baby Doll still sleeps in a crib, wearing childish shorty-nightgowns and sucking her thumb, while Archie spies on her through a hole in a wall of their decrepit antebellum mansion, "Fox Tail." Archie\'s competitor, Sicilian Silva Vacarro , who owns a newer and more modern cotton gin, has taken away all of Archie\'s business, and Archie retaliates by burning down Vacarro\'s gin. Suspecting Archie as the arsonist, Vacarro plans his revenge: he will pursue and seduce Baby Doll and terrorize her into signing an affidavit admitting her husband\'s guilt.<ref name67860&category=Full&nbsp;Synopsis "Full Synopsis"] on TCM.com'] ['The film begins with Ben Wrightman as a 7 year-old going to a Red Sox game with his Uncle Carl. His uncle treated him like a son because he had no kids of his own. The opening narrative explains that ever since that day, Ben became a die-hard Red Sox fan. Just about everything he owns bears the Red Sox name, emblem or the image of a Red Sox player . Ben inherited his uncle\'s season tickets when he died. The story picks up 23 years later with Ben  as a school teacher who is still rather immature for his age. He meets Lindsey Meeks , a professionally successful workaholic executive. Overcoming her initial hesitance, she becomes attracted to him because of his ability to show a passionate commitment to something. That spring, he later pretends he is proposing to her, but instead asks her to the Red Sox home opener, where Stephen King  throws the first pitch. Lindsey attends, but not being a baseball or Red Sox fan, she knows nothing about the Curse of the Bambino or even how to pronounce the name Yastrzemski. The two continue to attend the games together until one summer night when Lindsey attempts to catch up on work by taking her laptop to the game. Not paying attention to the game, she is knocked out by a line drive foul ball by then Baltimore Orioles shortstop Miguel Tejada off Mike Myers. She eventually recovers, but stops going to the games. Things take a turn for the worse when Lindsey invites Ben to go with her to Paris and he rejects the offer because the Red Sox are in the heat of the playoff race. Before leaving for Paris, she tells Ben she is "late" and may be pregnant with his child, though they later learn she is not. Lindsey starts to become fed up with Ben\'s obsession with the Red Sox. Ben agrees to miss a game against the Yankees in order to go with Lindsey to her friend\'s birthday party. Ben and Lindsey have a wonderful time together, and after making love, he tells her it was one of the best nights of his life. Moments later, Ben receives a call from his ecstatic friend Troy who informs him that the Red Sox overcame a seven run deficit in the bottom of the ninth inning to pull off one of the greatest comebacks in team history. Ben becomes irate that he missed such a historic Red Sox moment, greatly hurting Lindsey\'s feelings. After Lindsey miserably declares he has broken her heart, he and Lindsey separate for a while. Ben soon misses Lindsey, and visits her in a futile attempt to reconcile. He eventually feels her loss so deeply that he plans to sell his season tickets in order to prove that she means more to him than the Red Sox do. Lindsey finds out about his plan during the celebration for her much-anticipated promotion. Immediately leaving the celebration, she rushes to the ballpark to try to stop him. She gets in during the 8th inning of the Red Sox—Yankees playoff game when the Sox are just 3 outs away from being swept. Ben is actually in the process of signing a contract with the prospective ticket-buyer as they sit in the stands. Because she is unable to reach Ben from her section in Fenway Park in time to stop him from signing the contract, she illegally runs across the field, deftly avoiding security personnel as she eventually reaches him. She explains that if he loves her enough to sell his seats, then she loves him enough not to allow him to do so. The two reunite and kiss in front of the entire crowd. The film ends with a narrative explaining how the Red Sox won that game, then beat the Yankees three more times for the pennant, later sweeping the National League champion St. Louis Cardinals in four games for their first World Series title in 86 years. Ben and Lindsay get married. She gets pregnant but the film ends with a narrative explaining that the baby will be named after one of the players, Ted  if it\'s a boy and Carla  if it\'s a girl, with the narrator hoping for a boy.'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Brenda  wandering through the projects at night. She eventually comes to a hospital, goes into the emergency room and reveals her hands, which are cut and covered in blood. The film cuts to Lorenzo , a policeman, and his partner, who are trying to pick up a criminal on a warrant from the next town. He gets a call about seeing Brenda, is instructed to take a report on her stolen car, and heads for the hospital. Brenda is in shock, but after a few minutes, she reveals to Lorenzo that her four year-old son, Cody, was in the back seat of her car when it was stolen. Lorenzo reacts to this with an asthma attack, and one of the hospital\'s doctors gives him a shot of adrenaline. It is also revealed that Brenda\'s brother is a policeman in the next, predominantly white, town. The police begin to search for Brenda\'s son. Her brother overreacts and calls every police car to seal up the projects and look for clues. Tensions grow as the local media cover the story extensively. Lorenzo takes Brenda home, but he suspects that there’s something she’s not telling him. After dropping her off at her place, he starts to drive home and realizes he’s being followed. He pulls over and discovers it’s a volunteer group that helps look for missing children. He declines their help and goes home. The next day, Lorenzo visits his incarcerated son, then checks up on Brenda, who has helped a sketch artist draw a rendering of the man who took her car. There’s still no sign of Cody, and tensions are rising around the projects. Lorenzo again asks Brenda what really happened to Cody and she pleads with him to believe her, that Cody is her life and she would never hurt him. She goes by the daycare center where she works and the children try to cheer her up. As she’s leaving, a mother tells Brenda to stay away from her child. The white town’s cops show up at the projects and arrest a man. They beat him, drag him back to the precinct and hold up the drawing of the wanted man, whom he resembles. They start to question him when Lorenzo and Brenda’s brother show up. Brenda\'s brother goes into a rage and beats the man, and other officers have to drag them apart. Lorenzo leaves in horror and runs into his partner outside. Realizing that the case will be turned over to federal investigators, Lorenzo asks his partner to stall them for one more day. Lorenzo calls in the volunteer group and suggests they search Freedomland. It’s the site of an old foundlings’ home - abandoned for years - and the only place in the area where a small child could wander or hide for some time. They also feel that taking Brenda there will get the truth out of her via the psychological impact of the place. The searchers gather and Lorenzo learns that their leader lost her son about ten years before. As they search, she talks to Brenda. The leader tells Brenda how she wishes she knew where her son was, how she knows who did it, but can’t prove it. She runs through what she would like to say to the man to get him to tell her if her son was dead and where his body was placed. Gradually, she shifts the context of the sentence to asking Brenda if her son was dead. Brenda begins to cry and the search leader motions to Lorenzo, knowing that she killed Cody. Brenda reveals that Freedomland is the wrong place to look. She leads them to another park, in which they find a shallow grave covered with heavy rocks, where Cody is buried. Lorenzo calls in the forensic team, ordering an exhumation. He also realizes Brenda couldn\'t have moved such heavy rocks. Lorenzo takes her back to the police department and they talk. Brenda then confesses she was having an affair with Billy, a man from the projects. She would feed Cody cough syrup, to get him to sleep, so she could have sex with Billy without interruption. On the night Billy ended the relationship, Cody wouldn\'t fall asleep and Brenda and Billy fought. Brenda walked out to see him, despite her son\'s warnings that she would be sorry. When she returned, she found Cody dead under the table. He\'d overdosed on the cough syrup. When Brenda realized what happened, she lost it, not knowing what to do. She drove out to the woods and dug his grave with her bare hands. Then she called her ex-lover and asked him to help. He carried Cody out there, buried him, and put the rocks over the grave - both as a tribute and to keep animals away. Lorenzo signs an arrest warrant and both Brenda and Billy are taken away. That night, the police make their presence known in the projects due to the tensions over the arrest of another black man. Tensions are even higher, and Lorenzo implores both sides to calm down and step back before things go too far. However, several tenants do not. Among them is a young man Lorenzo has been trying to keep out of trouble, who throws the first punch at a police officer saying "Y\'all have a good night". The situation erupts into a full-scale riot. Fires are set, people beaten, cops jumped and arrests made everywhere. Lorenzo attempts to break up fights but ends up getting struck by a billy club when pulling a tenant off of a fellow cop. The next day, Brenda is charged with criminal negligence in court and sits in prison awaiting trial. Lorenzo visits Brenda in prison and tells her to channel her grief into something positive - helping other prisoners. Brenda says she loves Lorenzo for his heart, and thanks him,then kisses him. He promises he\'ll visit her. Then he visits his son and breaks down into tears. Later on, Lorenzo and his partner go to a memorial for Kent, the search mother\'s dead son, and Cody. Lorenzo reads a eulogy about life, and thanks his partner for bringing him there, as they walk away.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Elizabeth Lipp  visiting Istanbul, where she sees a traveling fair featuring replicas of treasures from the Topkapı Palace. Next she cases the Topkapı, fascinated by the emerald-encrusted dagger of Sultan Mahmud I. Leaving Turkey, she recruits her ex-lover, Swiss master-criminal Walter Harper , to plan the theft. They engage Cedric Page , master of all things mechanical, and Giulio the Human Fly , a mute acrobat. Harper and Lipp then hire small-time hustler Arthur Simon Simpson  to drive a car into Turkey to transport hidden explosives and firearms for use in the burglary. Turkish Customs search the car, find the firearms, and conclude that the gang are plotting an assassination. They then recruit Simpson to spy on Harper and Lipp. Page, picking up the car in Istanbul, is told a police ruse that only the "importer" Simpson is permitted to drive it in Turkey. While traveling with the gang, Simpson leaves notes for his police handlers, but most of his intelligence is worthless. When an accomplice who was to have helped during the robbery is injured, Simpson is engaged as a substitute and confesses that the police are watching them. Harper arranges to give the police the slip. That evening, Harper, Simpson, and Giulio steal the dagger and leave a replica in its place. Unnoticed by the thieves, during the robbery a bird flies through the window they entered and is trapped inside the vault. The gang deliver the dagger to Joseph, proprietor of the traveling fair display, who will smuggle it out of the country. The gang members then go to police headquarters to "reveal" their discovery of weapons in the car. The inspector asks Simpson to vouch for Harper and Lipp\'s whereabouts that day. Simpson backs up their alibi; however, the inspector learns that the Topkapı alarm was triggered by the trapped bird. Simpson\'s notes to the police provide a connection between the gang and Joseph\'s replicas of the Topkapı treasures. The film closes with the gang in a Turkish prison, where Lipp begins to tell them of her fascination with the Russian Imperial Crown Jewels in the Kremlin.'] ['After Luther Krank  and Nora Krank  see their daughter, Blair  depart for a Peace Corps assignment in Peru on the Sunday following Thanksgiving, empty nest syndrome sets in. Luther calculates the couple spent $6,132 during the previous year\'s holiday season and, not looking forward to celebrating Christmas without their daughter, he suggests they invest the money usually spent on decorations, gifts, and entertainment and treat themselves to a ten-day Caribbean cruise instead. Skeptical at first, Nora finally agrees under the condition that they still give a donation to the church and Children\'s Hospital. Luther tries to refuse but finally agrees and they begin planning the trip. The Kranks are amazed to discover they are considered pariahs as a result of their decision. Luther\'s co-workers think he has become Ebenezer Scrooge when he gives all his employees letters that state about his Christmas boycott, local stationer Aubie is distressed to lose the couple\'s order for their engraved greeting cards and Christmas Eve party invitations, the Boy Scout troop is upset and angered when the Kranks refuse to purchase one of their Christmas trees to help the scouts make enough money for a camporee, and the police are stunned to discover they won\'t be buying this year\'s calendar from them. Most vocal in their objections are neighbors Vic Frohmeyer  and Walt Scheel . Vic, who\'s the unelected leader of the street, organizes a campaign to force the Kranks to decorate their home so Hemlock Street won\'t lose the coveted award for best decorations. Walt doesn\'t seem to like Luther, so his efforts are primarily personal. However, it is revealed that Walt\'s wife Bev is suffering from cancer, perhaps dampening his holiday spirits. Children picket, led by Vic\'s son Spike , neighbors constantly call, and Christmas carolers try to revive the Kranks\' holiday spirit by singing on their lawn which Luther stops them by freezing his front lawn. Even the newspaper gets into the act by publishing a front page story complete with a photograph of the unlit Krank house and states that the Kranks\' street has lost the prize and won sixth place because of how Luther and Nora refused to decorate their house. Still, Luther and Nora continue to stand their ground. The two are in the process of packing on Christmas Eve morning when they receive a call from Blair, who announces she\'s at Miami International Airport, en route home with her Peruvian fiancé as a surprise for her parents. She\'s anxious to introduce Enrique to her family\'s holiday traditions, and when she asks if they\'re having their usual party that night, a panicked Nora says yes, much to Luther\'s dismay. Comic chaos ensues as the couple finds themselves trying to decorate the house and coordinate a party with only twelve hours to spare before their daughter and future son-in-law arrive. While Nora scrambles to find food, especially Blair\'s favorite ham, Luther buys a tree from the Boy Scouts but they only have one left; a dead, ugly, non-green tree. Luther buys it anyway but rejects it by throwing it in his backyard. While Spike leads a picket at the Kranks\', Luther arranges to borrow the tree of neighbor Wes Trogdon who is going away for a couple of days. Luther and Spike try to transport it across the street on Spike\'s Radio Flyer wagon, only for the neighbors to confuse this to be Luther stealing the family\'s Christmas tree, and to be stopped by the police, who assume they have stopped a robbery in progress. Spike comes to Luther\'s rescue. Nora comes home enraged at Luther for making the borrowed Christmas tree a "Disaster" and how she had to buy "Smoked Trout" to replace the honey ham . Once it is established why Luther is trying frantically to decorate his home, the neighbors, led by Vic, come out full force to help him and Nora ready it for Blair. Blair calls to say she landed from Miami. After giving everybody including Blair and Enrique, an unthankful and non-friendly toast, Luther tries to convince Nora to accept the cruise when she confronts him for the toast, but she refuses, disgusted that he isn\'t happy that Blair\'s home. Luther sadly slips out of the house and goes across the street to the Scheel home. Bev\'s cancer, once in remission, has returned and, knowing this may be their last holiday together, Luther insists they take the cruise in place of him and Nora, going so far as to offer to take care of their hated cat, Muffles, who\'s always under Luther\'s foot. At first they decline, but ultimately they accept his generosity, and Luther, whose holiday spirit has been renewed, realizes that skipping Christmas wasn\'t as good an idea as he had originally thought.'] ["Jed Catlow and Ben Cowan served together in the Civil War and became friends, but now Catlow is a thief and Cowan a marshal tracking him down. Catlow is accused of rustling the wealthy rancher Parkman's cattle. Parkman has hired a vicious gunfighter, Orville Miller, to kill Catlow. Offering to turn himself in, Catlow joins Cowan on a stagecoach to Fort Smith, but his men stage an ambush. Catlow heads for Hermosillo, Mexico, where a woman named Rosita is in love with him and a $2 million shipment of gold is arriving soon by mule train. Cowan goes after him. He is bushwhacked by Miller, who tosses the bound marshal across a horse with a badge pinned on his backside and turns him loose. Cowan barely avoids a plunge to his death off a cliff. Allowed to recover at General Calderon's grand hacienda, Ben becomes attracted to Christina, the general's daughter. Catlow gets the drop on Miller during a bath and hits him with a jug that shatters, cutting Miller's vocal cords. After stealing the army's gold, Catlow flees toward the scorching desert and into dangerous Apache territory. He rejects Rosita, who angrily recruits men to go with her after Catlow and kill him. Cowan follows, as usual, but Miller shows up and shoots Cowan, wounding him. Catlow picks up Cowan's gun and shoots Miller. Christina will take care of Cowan. Meantime, a smiling Catlow puts on his friend's badge and gives an indication that he will turn to the right side of the law."] ['The \'Minutemen\', a collection of costumed crime fighters, formed in 1938 in response to a rise in costumed gangs and criminals, and the \'Watchmen\' similarly form decades later. Their existence in the US has dramatically affected world events: the super powers of Dr. Manhattan  help the United States win the Vietnam War, resulting in President Richard Nixon  being repeatedly reelected into the 1980s.Reynolds, p. 106 Investigating the murder of government agent Edward Blake, Rorschach discovers that Blake was the Comedian, and theorizes that someone may be trying to eliminate the Watchmen. He attempts to warn his retired comrades—his former partner Daniel Dreiberg/Nite Owl II ([[Patrick Wilson , Dr. Manhattan, and the latter\'s lover Laurie Jupiter/Silk Spectre II . Dreiberg is skeptical, but nonetheless relates the hypothesis to vigilante-turned-billionaire Adrian Veidt/Ozymandias , who dismisses it. After Blake\'s funeral, Dr. Manhattan is accused of causing the cancers afflicting his former girlfriend and others who spent time with him after the scientific accident that gave him superpowers. Dr. Manhattan exiles himself to Mars, giving the Soviet Union the confidence to invade Afghanistan in his absence. Later, Rorschach\'s conspiracy theory appears to be justified when Veidt, who had long since made his identity as Ozymandias public before retiring, narrowly avoids an ostensible assassination attempt, and Rorschach finds himself framed for the murder of a former villain, Moloch . Meanwhile, Jupiter, after breaking up with Manhattan, goes to stay with Dreiberg, and the two former superheroes come out of retirement, eventually becoming lovers. After breaking Rorschach out of prison, Silk Spectre is confronted by Dr. Manhattan. He takes her to Mars and, after she asks him to save the world, explains he is no longer interested in humanity. As he probes her memories, he discovers she is the product of an affair between her mother, the original Silk Spectre , and the Comedian. His interest in humanity renewed by this improbable sequence of events, Manhattan returns to Earth with the Silk Spectre. Investigating the conspiracy, Rorschach and Nite Owl discover that Veidt is behind everything. Rorschach records his suspicions in his journal, which he drops off at the publication office of New Frontiersman, a right-wing tabloid. Rorschach and Nite Owl confront Veidt at his Antarctic retreat. Ozymandias confirms he is the mastermind behind the Comedian\'s murder, Manhattan\'s exile, and the framing of Rorschach; he also staged his own assassination attempt to place himself above suspicion. He explains that his plan is to unify the United States and the Soviet Union, preventing a nuclear war, by destroying the world\'s main cities with exploding energy reactors he helped Dr. Manhattan create under the pretense of providing free energy for the world. Rorschach and Nite Owl attempt to stop him, but Ozymandias subdues them, and then reveals that his plan has already been set into motion: the reactors have been detonated, and the energy signatures are recognized as Manhattan\'s. Silk Spectre and Dr. Manhattan arrive at the ruins of New York City and determine that it must be Veidt\'s work. They teleport to his Antarctic base just after he has beaten Rorschach and Nite Owl, causing Veidt to retreat and attempt to kill Manhattan. Unsuccessful, he shows them a televised news report in which Nixon states that the US and Soviets have allied against their new "common enemy", Dr. Manhattan. The heroes eventually realize that revealing the truth would only disrupt this peace. Rorschach, however, is unwilling to remain silent and forces a reluctant Manhattan into vaporizing him. Dr. Manhattan then shares a final kiss with Silk Spectre and departs for another galaxy while an enraged Nite Owl assaults Veidt, who nevertheless defends his actions. Rather than proceed with Veidt\'s ideals, Nite Owl and Silk Spectre leave him to confront his own general destruction. Silk Spectre and Nite Owl return to New York City, which is being rebuilt, and plan to continue fighting crime. Silk Spectre reveals to her mother that she has learned the Comedian was her father, and the two reconcile. The editor of the New Frontiersman complains of having nothing worthwhile to print because of the new worldwide peace. He tells a young employee that he may print whatever he likes from a collection of crank mailings, among which lies Rorschach\'s journal.'] ['Late in 1969, a brilliant young United States Navy intelligence officer named Charles Rone ([[Patrick O\'Neal  finds his commission revoked so that he can be recruited into an espionage mission. Rone is told that the mission is being undertaken independently of governmental intelligence agencies, as was commonplace prior to World War II, when espionage operations were handled by a small community of agents operating on a freelance basis. Rone is told that the primary operator in that community, a "brutal, sadistic, conscienceless assassin" named Robert Stuydevant, did not adapt to the post-war shift to government intelligence agencies, and the independent network of spies disbanded, with Stuydevant disappearing and reportedly later committing suicide. Now, the government has suffered a significant failure in an important intelligence operation and has turned back to the independent agents for help. This time, "The Highwayman" , another member of the old group of independent spies is the man leading the effort to reassemble the network to take on this mission. Another member of the group has recently died, and Rone has been tabbed as his replacement, due to Rone\'s exceptional analytical skills, eidetic memory and ability to speak eight languages, each with a native accent. Rone meets with The Highwayman and another group member named Ward , the latter of whom takes on the role of Rone\'s primary tutor. They first task Rone with rounding up three other members of the group: Janis , a drug dealer and panderer, "The Warlock" , a culturally sophisticated homosexual, and "The Erector Set" , a highly skilled thief and burglar. Janis begs off of the mission, saying that he won\'t work for The Highwayman, but only for Stuydevant, whom he believes would never have killed himself. Rone finally bribes him into agreeing to participate. The Warlock joins the operation without hesitation, but The Erector Set\'s hands have become too arthritic to be of use. Instead, he sends his beautiful daughter B.A.  in his place, as he has trained her to be as capable as is he. B.A. and Rone soon become romantically involved. The group\'s mission is the retrieval of a letter, written without proper authorization, that promises United States aid to the Soviet Union in destroying Chinese atomic weapons plants. The letter had been solicited on behalf of an unknown high-level Soviet official by Dmitri Polyakov, who had previously been selling Soviet secrets to the United States that he had obtained from that same Soviet official. Upon finding out about the letter, which was a de facto "declaration of war against China", U.S. and British authorities had contacted Polyakov and arranged to purchase it back from him. However, Polyakov then committed suicide after being apprehended by Soviet counter-intelligence under Colonel Yakov Kosnov . The group blackmails Captain Potkin , the Soviet head of counter-intelligence in the U.S., threatening his family to force him to allow them the use of his usually-vacant apartment in Moscow. Once they arrive in the Soviet Union, the terminally ill Highwayman sacrifices his life, attempting to divert the attention of Soviet counter-intelligence away from the remainder of the team. Rone is assigned to remain at the apartment with Ward and accept reports verbally from other team members, Rone\'s memory allowing them to avoid the use of written records. Janis, The Warlock and B.A. then set out to establish themselves in various parts of Russian society as they try to ascertain the identity of Polyakov\'s contact. Janis enters a partnership with a local brothel operator, who points him to a Chinese man known as "The Kitai" as a possible source for drugs to which they can keep their prostitutes addicted. Upon meeting the Kitai, Janis discerns that the man is also a spy. Janis also happens to spot Kosnov leaving a local night club with a woman whom he discovers was Polyakov\'s devoted wife, Erika Beck . She is now married to Kosnov, so B.A. plants a listening device in their bedroom. After that, B.A. takes up with a local small-time thief and black market operator, though she finds herself terribly unhappy and wishes only to return home to her father. In the meantime, the Warlock integrates himself into the local community of intellectual homosexuals, starting an affair with a university professor. He then meets one of the professor\'s students who was Polyakov\'s former lover and who informs him that Polyakov had had a relationship with Vladimir Bresnavitch  of the Soviet Central Committee. Bresnavitch turns out to have an adversarial relationship with Kosnov, whose activities Bresnavitch oversees on behalf of the Committee. According to Kosnov, the animosity between the two men went back many years to when Bresnavitch sought to oust Kosnov from his job, in favor of Stuydevant. Prior to that time, Kosnov and Stuydevant had been friendly, with each one trusting the other to allow his agents to operate in the other\'s territory. However, with the pressure from Bresnavitch, Kosnov decided he had to do "something spectacular" to keep his job, so he betrayed Stuydevant\'s trust and captured his agents, employing a great deal of brutality and earning the lasting enmity of Stuydevant himself. Upon deducing that Bresnavitch had used Polyakov to fence stolen art works in Paris, Ward decides to go there in search of any possible leads. On the day of his return, the group\'s mission is destroyed when Potkin returns to the Soviet Union and informs Bresnavitch about the operation. Janis, B.A. and Ward are apprehended, while The Warlock commits suicide just before capture and Rone narrowly escapes. Rone tries visiting the Kitai to arrange re-purchase of the letter, but the Kitai responds by trying to kill him and Rone determines that the Chinese have possession of the letter. Rone then turns to Erika, with whom he has been having an affair while posing as a Russian gigolo named Yorgi. He hopes to get her to inquire with her husband about the condition of those captured. She informs him that Kosnov participated in no such capture, and Rone realizes that Bresnavitch quietly orchestrated the raid without the knowledge of Soviet counter-intelligence, a clear indicator that he was Polyakov\'s traitorous high-level Soviet official contact. Rone\'s questions reveal to Erika his true identity and he promises to help her escape to the West. She tells him she will try to ascertain the fates of the captured agents and later reports back that B.A. has taken poison and is expected to die, while one of the men is dead and the other has survived and is being held captive. Rone threatens to expose Bresnavitch unless Ward, the surviving agent, is released. Bresnavitch agrees, and Rone and Ward then arrange to leave the next day, though Ward does not approve of Rone\'s plans aid Erika. Ward lures her into a trap and kills her. Kosnov believes that her lover Yorgi killed her and tracks down Rone, though unaware of Rone\'s true identity, in search of revenge. But Ward enters, leading Kosnov to observe that "I seem to know you." Ward says that the two men have "a lot of old corpses to dig up and talk about." He begins listing the names of the agents betrayed by Kosnov and says that the time has come for retribution, as he shoots Kosnov in the kneecap. Kosnov stares at Ward in disbelief, saying "No, it isn\'t. It can\'t be." Ward then closes on him off-camera and Kosnov begins screaming in torment. As they head for a plane to leave the country, Rone shares with Ward his conclusions that Ward is in fact Stuydevant and intends to stay, having made a deal with Bresnavitch to take over as the head of Soviet counter-intelligence. Ward denies it, but only coyly, and then reveals that B.A. is not dead. He says that she will be held to ensure that Rone does not reveal the truth about him. Rone, very much in love with B.A., vows that he\'ll get her back somehow. Ward offers to release B.A. if Rone does "one last little thing", handing Rone an envelope as Rone boards the plane. After seating himself, Rone opens the envelope to find a note which reads, "Kill Potkin\'s wife and daughters or I kill the girl."'] ["Paul Armstrong , a liberal Harvard professor opposed to capital punishment, is persuaded to go to Florida, to investigate the conviction of Bobby Earl Ferguson  for murder. Ferguson, a former Cornell University student, is a highly intelligent, charming, and articulate black man who was convicted of raping and murdering a young white girl. Armstrong must save him from being placed in the electric chair. Ferguson tells Armstrong that he was tortured by a racist police detective to get a confession. As Armstrong digs deeper into the case, he discovers that Tanny Brown , the chief detective on the case, did indeed coerce Ferguson's confession. The plot thickens when Ferguson tells the professor that the murder was actually committed by Blair Sullivan , a serial killer awaiting execution, who later reveals the location of the weapon used to kill the girl. When Armstrong discovers the weapon, Brown tries to threaten him into abandoning the investigation.  Ferguson gets a re-trial and is freed from prison. Armstrong then receives a call from Sullivan, who asks him to visit his parents. Armstrong is shocked to find the butchered bodies of Sullivan's parents, and returns demanding an explanation. Sullivan gloats that he and Ferguson struck a deal: Ferguson would kill Sullivan's parents in exchange for freedom, while Sullivan would claim responsibility for the girl's murder. It turns out that Ferguson committed the crime for which he was imprisoned, and used Armstrong to release him from death row. Armstrong and Brown go after Ferguson, who desires revenge on Armstrong's wife ; she was the prosecutor in a previous rape trial which, while thrown out of court, resulted in him being brutalized and castrated in jail, as well as being kicked out of Cornell, robbing him of any chance of a future. Ferguson plans to murder Armstrong's wife and daughter  and then feed them to alligators, but Armstrong and Brown come to the rescue. They kill Ferguson and save Armstrong's family."] ["A young man must deal with several generations of madness and familial intrigue in this screen adaptation of the acclaimed novel by Timothy Findley. Charlie Kilworth  is a young man whose mother, Lily , is the daughter of Frederick Wyatt , the owner of a well-known piano manufacturing company. Lily is also a free-spirited and unstable woman, who bore Charlie out of wedlock, has had a number of lovers over the years, and has an unsettling fascination with fire. Lily's mother Ede  has put her daughter in a mental hospital on several occasions, and is considering having Lily lobotomized. Charlie, meanwhile, has had affairs with a number of women but has never settled down with anyone; working as an events coordinator at a resort hotel, Charlie becomes infatuated with Alex Lamont , the singer in a dance band Charlie has booked into the ballroom. Lily urges her son to get married and raise a family, but Charlie isn't so sure he's ready for a lifetime commitment, and Alex becomes frustrated by Charlie's inability to take their relationship seriously. Meanwhile, Ede and Frederick have decided that Lily needs to be permanently committed to an institution; Charlie insists that they send her to a comfortable private facility, but then discovers that a mysterious benefactor has been supporting Lily for years, and Ede and Frederick have decided if Lily is to be in a private institution, then the generous stranger must be the one who pays for it. Surprisingly, The Piano Man's Daughter was co-produced by noted comic actress Whoopi Goldberg.http://www.allmovie.com/work/the-piano-mans-daughter-259860"] ["A hurricane hits the isle of Jamaica in 1870. The parents of five children feel it is time to send them to England for a more civilized upbringing and education. During the voyage, pirates board the ship and take the children captive. The pirate captain, Chavez, takes an immediate liking to young Emily, and decides to sail to Tampico and leave the kids safely with a woman there named Rosa, a brothel madam with a good heart. Rosa warns the pirates that the law is after them. Since they are innocent of the crimes attributed to them by the authorities—namely, the murder of all the children—Chavez and his first mate  are unconcerned. But then one of the children, John, slips from a window of the brothel and falls to his death. Chavez doesn't wish any more harm to come to the young ones so he refuses to attack a Dutch vessel that comes into view. But his men mutiny, seize the Dutch boat and capture its captain. Seeing him come toward her with a knife, which he wants her to use to cut his ropes and set him free, Emily instead stabs the Dutch captain and kills him. Not long thereafter, the pirates are captured by British sailors and brought to trial. Under questioning in court, Emily places the responsibility on Chavez instead of on herself. The pirates are hanged."] ['Set in 1969, Alan Parker  is a young artist, studying at the University of Maine. He becomes obsessed with death, and believing he is losing his girlfriend, Jessica , he tries to commit suicide on his birthday. His friends surprise him and he cuts himself sending him to the hospital. He eventually recovers and decides to go with them to a John Lennon concert. Before leaving he receives news that his mother, Jean , is in the hospital because of a stroke and is near death. Alan decides to hitchhike to reach the hospital before his only relative dies. On his way there, he has multiple strange encounters with the living and dead. The film ends when Alan, now in his 40\'s, tells the audience that his mother died of a heart attack while watching television. He married his girlfriend Jessica, but it only lasted four years. He never made it as an artist, but he does go to the theme park every summer in memory of his mother. While walking from the park, a person that looks like his friend George Staub offers him a ride, but he refuses. He tells him to "take your button and get outta here."'] ['Paulina Escobar  is a housewife married to a prominent lawyer in an unnamed South American country. One day a storm forces her husband Gerardo  to ride home with a charming stranger. She is convinced that the stranger, Dr. Miranda , was part of the old fascist regime and that he tortured and raped her for weeks while she was blindfolded. Paulina takes him captive to determine the truth. Despite attempts by both her husband and Miranda to convince her that he is innocent, Paulina is certain that he is the one, and forces her husband to be Miranda\'s "attorney" in the "trial" she arranges for him. Miranda conspires with Gerardo to agree to a false confession , so they write one up and present it to Paulina. Enraged, Paulina deems Miranda as being unrepentant, and threatens to kill him. As Gerardo tries to stop her, Miranda succeeds in getting Paulina\'s gun, and threatens to kill her if he is not freed. As he advances toward the door, Paulina hits him and after a struggle gets back in control. In a last-ditch effort to save his life, Miranda implores Gerardo to call the place where he claims to have been at the time of Paulina\'s rape as she leads him blindfolded out the door to the edge of the cliff. Gerardo contacts the hospital, where Miranda\'s colleagues confirm the story. He races to inform Paulina, at last convinced that Miranda is innocent. Paulina refuses to believe it, however, saying that the doctors at that time created alibis in order to conceal their identities. Accepting defeat, Miranda finally tells them that he really was the doctor, that he enjoyed brutalizing Paulina, and that he was sorry that the old regime fell. Enraged, Gerardo attempts to throw Miranda from the cliff, only to realize he cannot bring himself to take a life. Paulina apparently accepts the confession, and they both leave Miranda on the cliff as he stares down at the water. The camera simulates someone falling off the cliff, as seen from their point of view. In the final scene, Paulina and Gerardo are at the same concert where the film began with Miranda also present, looking down with his wife and sons. Paulina and Miranda cast uncomfortable glances at each other, and look away. Miranda glances down at the couple again as the camera shows Gerardo glancing up towards the balcony at the now off-screen Miranda.'] ["Victor Mancini  is a sex addict who works as a reenactor of life in Colonial America. He works with his best friend, Denny , who is also a reformed sex addict. To support his hospitalized mother , Victor cons others by intentionally choking at restaurants to get money from his rescuers. When he visits his mother one day, he meets Paige Marshall , who takes care of her. She tells Victor that his mother's condition is worsening and that they could try an experimental stem cell technique that would require harvesting cells from the umbilical cord of a newborn baby with Victor's genes. She convinces Victor to have sex with her so she can have his child and save his mother. Victor never knew his father and is anxious to obtain the information from his mother, but she never recognizes him when he visits. He asks Denny to pose as him and ask her questions. Denny agrees and reveals that Victor's mother kept a diary. Victor finds it, but it is in Italian. Paige tells Victor she can read Italian and agrees to translate the diary. Victor and Paige try several times to have sex, but Victor cannot maintain an erection. After discussing it with Denny, he realizes he loves Paige. She then reveals to him that his mother may have fled Italy because she stole Jesus' foreskin, and used its cells to conceive Victor, making him the Second Coming. He is reluctant to believe but, in the end, accepts Paige's assertion. However, his mother finally recognizes him and tells him that she stole him as a baby and she has no idea who his real parents are. As she tells him this, he feeds her chocolate pudding and accidentally chokes her to death. While Paige tries to resuscitate Victor's mother, a hidden band around her wrist falls into Victor's view, revealing that she is actually a patient in the hospital--not a doctor. Paige then reveals that she was admitted to the hospital years ago, in a catatonic state, and fell in love with Victor through the stories his mother told her about him. As she was a former medical student, the nurses allowed her to wear a white coat, as it calmed her down. Paige, a voluntary patient, checks herself out without saying goodbye to Victor. After his mother's funeral, Victor boards a plane. He goes to the bathroom and the door opens to reveal Paige joining him."] ["In 1831 Sydney, New South Wales, Australia, Charles Adare  arrives with his uncle, the new governor . Charles hopes to make his fortune. He is befriended by Samson Flusky , a prosperous businessman who is a former transported convict. Sam's wife, Lady Henrietta , was a friend of Charles's sister in Ireland. Sam hopes that Charles will cheer up his wife, who is an alcoholic. Meanwhile the housekeeper, Milly , secretly loves Sam, and encourages Henrietta's drinking. Sam was transported after he confessed to a killing actually committed by Henrietta, who followed Sam and waited for his release."] ['In the 19th century in China, two girls named Snow Flower  and Lily  are bonded together for eternity. They are paired as laotong  by a matchmaker who is also responsible for arranging their marriages. They are isolated by their families and communicate by writing in a secret language, Nu shu . Meanwhile, in the present day Shanghai, their descendants Sophia Liao and Nina Wei struggle with the intimacy of their own childhood friendship. As teenagers, Sophia and Nina were introduced to the idea of laotong, and they signed a traditional laotong contract on the cover of Canto-pop Faye Wong\'s album Fu Zao . Faye Wong was their favorite singer and their liberated dancing to the "degenerate" sounds of the cheerful refrain "la cha bor" was one of the reasons Sophia\'s stepmother attempted to separate them. Eventually they are separated but come together again when Sophia falls into a coma after being struck by a taxi while cycling. Reunited, they must come to understand the story of the ancestral connection, hidden from them in the folds of the antique white silk fan, or lose one another.'] ['The film opens with Miss Thorpe, the chairman of the Juvenile court, giving advice to troubled teenager Lyla Lawrence. Miss Thorpe tells Lyla that her life has a similar beginning to that of Gwen Rawlings. Gwen Rawlings was a teenage girl who continually fell into the wrong crowd. Gwen\'s first troubles began with her employer who caught her "borrowing" a brooch from his pawnshop. Though Gwen had only borrowed it to use for a dance and had every intention of returning it, she was fired. When she arrived home and informed her father, he beat her. The next day Gwen packed her things and moved into a boarding house. There, she met Jimmy, a sharp-dressed man who immediately took a liking to her. Jimmy found her a job at the Blue Angel Nightclub where she was employed as a hat-check girl. While working, she met Red, a bandmember for the club who felt the need to look after her well-being. Jimmy attempted to pursue Gwen but was rejected. He grew extremely angry towards the growing relationship between Red and Gwen and later beat her. Max Vine, his employer at the club, discovered Jimmy\'s crime and fired him. Angry at Gwen, who he felt had lost him his job, began to plot to set her up. Jimmy stole their landlady\'s jewellery and told Gwen to pawn it for him. Believing that the jewelry belonged to his mother, Gwen followed his instructions. Later, after learning that Max had been attacked by a gang, Gwen implored Red to allow her to stay the night at his place. Red permitted her a night\'s stay but insisted that she leave the following day as it was unsuitable for a young girl to live with him. However, the police soon found Gwen and she was sent to court where she was accused of having stolen jewelry. Miss Thorpe presided over the hearing and decided to sentence her to a reform school for three years. During a school fight, Gwen runs away and finds Max who has opened another club. Max is reluctant to take her back but due to her desperation, he gives her a job. Gwen soon becomes close to Danny Martin, a regular at the club. One drunken night both are out a for a drive when they accidentally hit and kill a police officer. Danny Martin forbids anyone from speaking to the police. However, once Danny is questioned, Gwen flees. Danny later finds Gwen and beats her. Gwen is found and helped by two American soldiers who are AWOL. They decide to band together and become robbers in London. After becoming too well known in London for their crimes, they decide to head to Manchester. As they flag down a car to steal, Gwen realizes that the driver of the car is Red. When her companions realize the two recognize each other, they shoot Red dead. All three are eventually caught for their crimes and Gwen is currently serving fifteen years in prison. At the end of the film, Lyla thanks Miss Thorpe and decides to head home.'] ["A group of prostitutes are brought in to a New York police station. In a series of flashbacks, the story starts with Dutch secretary of the year Xaviera Hollander  moves to New York City in hopes of marrying her fiancé Carl , whom she met whilst visiting her sister in South Africa. From the minute she exits the airplane and he does not help her take her bags to his increasingly long morning routine getting ready and primping, Xaviera starts to become more concerned that he is not the man she thought he was on holiday. Her suspicions are confirmed when he does not tell his mother and she unwittingly tells her, which follows with his mother insulting her over dinner. Xaviera offers him a choice of her or his mother and he picks his mother. After leaving Carl, Xaviera finds work at the Dutch Embassy as a translator and secretary. She is asked by Frenchman Yves  out on a spur of the moment date and she accepts. She quickly falls in love with him and his extravagant lifestyle as he has made a small fortune by acting as an expert consultant for large corporations and even small countries. He announces that he must leave as he has been summoned by the king of a middle eastern country and she breaks down crying. He hands her a large envelope containing cash. Although it makes her feel like a prostitute, she realizes quickly that this may be her calling in life as she loves sex and money, and starts meeting up with Yves' friends who he gave her number to. Xaviera starts to do well as a prostitute until she is shaken down by a corrupt cop ([[Richard Lynch  who takes her money and tries to rape her. Instead of paying him off and continuing long term, she decides to work at a local bordello with a madam who offers her a 50/50 split. The work is great for her, but she decides that she can do better on her own, so leaves to open her own bordello ten blocks away. After a while, she is the most successful madam in New York City and buys out her former madame's business as well. The former madame decides to sell after becoming pregnant with her longtime boyfriend Fred Conrad Janis. Everything is going great except for the amount of work until the police officer that offered her protection earlier sees her and instigates a raid, sending her to prison. Her attorney bails her out of jail and sets her up with a friend of his who is coming in from Montreal."] ['Vivian Bearing is a professor of English literature known for her intense knowledge of metaphysical poetry, especially the Holy Sonnets of John Donne. Her life takes a turn when she is diagnosed with metastatic Stage IV ovarian cancer. Oncologist Harvey Kelekian prescribes various chemotherapy treatments to treat her disease, and as she suffers through the various side-effects , she attempts to put everything in perspective. The story periodically flashes back to previous moments in her life, including her childhood, her graduate school studies, and her career prior to her diagnosis. During the course of the film, she continually breaks the fourth wall by looking into the camera and expressing her feelings. As she grows increasingly ill, Vivian agrees to undergo more tests and experimental treatments, even though she realizes the doctors treating her, including former student Jason Posner, see her less as someone to save and more as a guinea pig for their treatments. The only person who seems to care for her as a person is Susie Monahan, one of the nurses on the staff. Late in Vivian\'s illness, the only visitor she receives in the hospital is her former graduate school professor and mentor, Evelyn Ashford, who reads her excerpts from Margaret Wise Brown\'s The Runaway Bunny. As she nears the end of her life, Vivian regrets her insensitivity and realizes she should have been kinder to more people. In her time of greatest need, she learns that human compassion is of more profound importance than intellectual wit. Vivian dies at the end of the film, with her voiceover reciting "death be not proud".'] ['The story is about the skid row citizens of Monterey, California, set on the row during World War II. As declining fish stocks are shutting down a previously rich fishery and the dependent canning industry, bums and hookers lead colorful and adventurous lives in a balmy seaside setting. Doc , a self-employed marine biologist, lives in a dockside warehouse and researches octopi. Suzy DeSoto , a girl from the local bordello, is working there only out of necessity. A collection of linked vignettes describe the locals and life on Cannery Row. It is depicted as an impoverished area inhabited by a motley band of people who have experienced failures but somehow have found their niche and a community of strangely kindred souls. Doc and Suzy don’t quite fit in, but are accepted. Even when good intentions turn bad -- e.g., Mac and the boys gather frogs and sell them to give a surprise party for Doc, which turns into a brawl breaking Doc’s microscope -- they make things right by replacing it with a telescope. The deeper mystery and message revolves around why Doc stays in Cannery Row. Suzy discovers that Doc was once a professional baseball pitcher but quit. Another character, the Seer , spends his days playing his horn. He depends on the gifts that mysteriously appear, such as groceries. Suzy eventually learns that the Seer is a former baseball player whom Doc injured with a pitch to the head. Doc takes care of him. And Doc and Suzy ultimately find love.'] ['As the film begins, Jonathan Livingston Seagull is soaring through the sky hoping to travel at a speed more than 60 miles per hour. Eventually, with luck he is able to break that barrier, but when Jonathan returns to his own flock he is greeted with anything but applause. The Elders of the flock shame Jonathan for doing things the other seagulls never dare to do. Jonathan pleads to stay and claims that he wants to share his newfound discovery with everybody, but the Elders dismiss him as an outcast, and he is banished from the flock. Jonathan goes off on his own, believing that all hope is lost. However, he is soon greeted by mysterious seagulls from other lands who assure him that his talent is a unique one, and with them Jonathan is trained to become independent and proud of his beliefs. Eventually, Jonathan himself ends up becoming a mentor for other seagulls who are suffering the same fates in their own flocks as he once did.'] ['The film alternates between two time periods, the 1950s and the present, in which a dying Ann Grant Lord  reflects on her past. Her confusing comments about people she never mentioned before leave her daughters, reserved Constance  and restless Nina , wondering if their mother is delusional. As a young woman in her early twenties, cabaret singer Ann  arrives at the spacious Newport, Rhode Island, home of her best friend Lila Wittenborn , who is on the verge of getting married. Lila\'s brother  Buddy  introduces her to Harris Arden ([[Patrick Wilson , the son of a former family servant. Buddy tells Ann his sister always has adored Harris, and expresses his concern that she\'s marrying another man out of a sense of duty rather than love. Inebriated, Buddy passes out, and as Ann and Harris chat they find themselves bonding. On Lila\'s wedding day, she confesses to Ann she confronted Harris with her feelings for him and he rebuffed her, so she goes along with the ceremony as planned. At the reception, at Lila\'s request, Ann sings a song and is joined on stage by Harris. Afterwards Buddy, drunk again, confronts the two about their growing closeness and kisses Harris. As Lila prepares to depart with her new husband, Ann offers to take the bride away with her, but Lila refuses and leaves for her honeymoon. Buddy admits to Ann he\'s had a crush on Harris since his childhood, though he also claims not to be "that way" - he denies that this would be okay as Ann assures him. He then changes the subject, confessing he has loved Ann ever since their college days, offering as proof a note she once sent him he has kept in his pocket ever since. Ann later expresses her anger at him for repressing his sexual orientation by building her up as his true love. She and Harris slip off to his secret hideaway, where the two make love. Buddy, in search of the couple, stumbles into the road and is hit by a car. His friends find him, but too late to save his life. The following morning, Ann and Harris, oblivious to what transpired the night before, jokingly consider sailing away, but at the Wittenborn house they hear the tragic news. In the present day, Lila  arrives at Ann\'s bedside to comfort her and reminisce. Ann recalls a day when she ran into Harris in the street in New York City. By then she had one daughter and was on the verge of moving to Los Angeles, and he was married with a son. He intimated he still loved her before the two exchanged cordial goodbyes. As Lila leaves, she tells Nina about Harris and reassures her that her mother did not make any mistakes in her life. Nina sits with Ann, who encourages her daughter to have a happy life. Nina finally musters up the courage to tell her boyfriend Luc she is pregnant with their child. An ecstatic Luc proudly announces the news to Constance and promises he always will be there for Nina. Their joy is interrupted by Ann\'s nurse, who urges the women to rush to their mother\'s bedside to bid her farewell.'] ["After the death of her mother, Carrie McLaughlin  has been living with her grandmother in Pittsburgh. When her grandmother needs to go to a nursing home, Carrie has to move in with her father Hank , a rancher in Wyoming, whom she hasn't seen since she was a baby. Initially reluctant to adapt to country living, Carrie soon meets Flicka, a beautiful black Mustang that previously had belonged to Carrie's cousin Katy , who asked Hank to look after Flicka when her father sold their own ranch. Flicka is wild and dangerous and, according to the ranchers, longs for Katy. However, when Carrie is attacked by a rattlesnake, Flicka saves her and the two form a bond. Carrie also meets Jake , an attractive ranch hand hoping to become a country singer, and Amy Walker , the proud and arrogant daughter of a neighbour. Although Jake and Carrie take an immediate liking to each other, there is instant animosity between Carrie and Amy, mainly because Amy also likes Jake. When Carrie disobeys her father's rules regarding visits to the nearest town, Hank decides to punish Carrie by temporarily relocating Flicka to the farm of one of his ranch hands, Toby . After a midnight visit by Carrie, Flicka tries to follow Carrie home to Hank's ranch, but accidentally ends up on the ranch belonging to Amy's father HD Walker . Upon entering the Walker ranch, Flicka damages a fence and releases some of HD's prize cows. At Amy's request, HD asks for Flicka as payment for the damage, threatening to turn it into a lawsuit if Hank refuses. Amy then starts training with Flicka for a championship, but performs poorly during the actual competition because of Flicka's fear of the crowd and camera flashes from the audience. HD and Amy decide to have Flicka slaughtered the next day, but Carrie frees the horse during the night and sets her free to join a nearby herd of Mustangs. One year later, Carrie, Hank, and Toby are riding in the mountains when they encounter the same herd of Mustangs, including Flicka and her newborn foal."] ['Young autistic Laura Hoff, who lives in a decrepit working-class home in Scarborough, seems to suffer from agoraphobia and social anxiety. Her mother Mari nicknamed her Little Voice because of her shyness. Entranced by her late father’s array of vintage songs by Édith Piaf, Judy Garland, and Shirley Bassey, among others, she flees from her dreary existence by impersonating these singers. Mari, a profligate woman who engages in numerous affairs, discards her lovers as soon her interest falters. Her search for a long-time companion has so far been futile. Billy, a meek phone installer who comes to repair the family phone, soon shows interest in LV by sending her pamphlets. Her solitary existence shows signs of improvement when Ray Say, a manager of third-rate acts, becomes romantically involved with her mother. He overhears LV singing, recognises her prowess and determines to make her the star she declines to be, whereas Mari, who finds LV’s singing annoying and therefore disdains her, doubts her talent. Ray nonetheless asks his manager to showcase LV at his rather louche nightclub, where the girl quells her fear by imagining her father in the audience, and performs a couple of numbers that enrapture the crowd and argue her talent. For example, her voice is suffused with eroticism as she mimics Marilyn Monroe. Ray Say, who relishes the prospect of LV being a successful performer, tries to goad his newfound protégée into a singing career, but to no avail. Problems ensue when Little Voice retreats into privacy and boycotts a much-heralded appearance attended by an esteemed press agent. Ray Say’s hopes are extinguished when his attempts to console LV remain fruitless. Mari, who still scorns LV despite recognising her talent, prods her daughter into further performances without noticing the effect this has on LV. When a fire destroys LV’s records, Mari wrongly accuses her daughter of setting their house ablaze. For the first time LV manifests anger by defending herself and blaming Mari’s hedonistic philandering for her husband’s early death. Mari is abandoned by everyone, including LV, who leaves her for good, and Ray Say, who is facing angry debt-collectors. Billy finally saves LV both literally and figuratively.'] ["The film starts in 1912. Aboard of the RMS Titanic, the wealthy Winfield family heads to the United States. 20-year-old Edwina enjoys her engagement to Charles Fitzgerald and she is surrounded by her parents Kate and Bert, her brothers George and Teddy, and younger sister Alexis, who is celebrating her sixth birthday. One night, the ship hits an iceberg and soon starts to sink. While heading to the life boats, panic breaks out and Alexis is nowhere to be found. Kate convinces Edwina to go into a boat with Teddy and stays behind herself to look for Alexis. After the sinking, Edwina is able to lift George from the water and they are eventually saved by RMS Carpathia. Edwina, George and Teddy soon find out that Alexis has survived the disaster, but that their parents and Charles didn't. Upon arriving in Boston, Edwina tries to adjust to a normal life, but the traumatic experience has a great deal of impact on her. She is advised to send the children away to their aunt, but she is determined to raise them alone, not wanting to neglect the family newspaper company. George is planning on dropping out of high school to become a theater director and Alexis runs away from home for a night when she learns that her mother had a chance to go on a lifeboat, but choose to stay with her husband. Edwina refuses a proposal from a man named Ben Jones, explaining she still isn't over the death of her fiancée. Ten years go by. George was forced to go to Harvard University and later had to take over the newspaper. Edwina is mad at him for ignoring his responsibilities for the theater. She eventually decides to sell the newspaper and allows George to follow his dream and become a professional stage director. At the premiere of George's first professional play, Edwina meets Sam Horowitz, the father of Helen Horowitz, the lead actress George is in love with. Alexis is seduced by the older womanizing actor Malcolm Stone, much to the distress of Edwina. The rebellious Alexis doesn't stop seeing him and she accompanies him to nightclubs, where she is introduced to cocaine. Edwina tries to break them up, but this only leads to an estrangement from her. On the day of George and Helen's marriage ceremony, she runs away from home. Edwina follows her to England and aboards a ship for the first time since the disaster. She initially refuses to leave her cabin, afraid of the memories. The first time on the deck, she meets Englishman Patrick Kelly. He immediately shows interest in her, but she is still recultant to allow herself to love someone. In London, they spend all their time looking for Alexis and find out she is heading to Paris for the weekend. In the meantime, she agrees to stay with Patrick and they give in to their feelings for each other. Although knowing he is a married man, she spends a few nights with him and then reluctantly leaves him. She eventually locates Alexis and finds out she is married to Malcolm. She threatens to sue him for kidnapping and rape and tries to convince Alexis to go with her. Before leaving with her, Alexis admits that Malcolm drugged her. Back in Boston, the Winfield family is finally reunited and George and Helen announce they will have a baby. Edwina stops being mad at her mother for not going into a lifeboat and she is courted by Sam."] ["Psychiatrist Martin Dysart investigates the savage blinding of six horses with a metal spike in a stable in Hampshire, England. The atrocity was committed by an unassuming 17-year-old stable boy named Alan Strang, the only son of opinionated but inwardly-timid Frank Strang and his genteel, religious wife Dora. As Dysart exposes the truths behind the boy's demons, he finds himself face-to-face with his own."] ['Widow Mary Bassett  and her 3 children have hit difficult times on their farm; it is especially apparent when they cannot even afford a turkey for their Thanksgiving dinner. Oldest daughter Tilly  writes to Mary’s wealthy and estranged mother Isabella , exaggerating their situation in a lengthy letter. Isabella comes to the farm to offer her help and finds a kindred spirit in Tilly. However, Mary resents her mother’s attempts to help them out of their financial difficulties.'] ['Meena Kumar, a 12-year-old Sikh girl, lives with her family in the predominantly white, working-class, fictional mining village of Tollington in the Black Country in 1972. Meena meets Anita, a white, 14-year-old girl whom Meena comes to idolise. However, Meena finds it harder and harder to fit in as her Indian heritage keeps on resurfacing, and Anita\'s new boyfriend proves to hold strong racist attitudes toward those he regards as "darkies".'] ["When freshman Trixie Stone  accuses her ex-boyfriend Jason Underhill  of raping her, everyone is quick to take his side when he claims their intercourse was consensual. Trixie's parents, Daniel , a mild mannered comic book artist from a harsh background, and Laura , a college professor of literature sleeping with one of her students, become involved. After questioning Trixie and conducting a blood test it is revealed that Trixie was drugged, and people begin to believe that she was really raped. Jason, whose life is supposedly ruined, leaps from a bridge. Although first presumed to be suicide, Trixie and her father are later suspected of pushing him off the bridge. After the police call Daniel requesting blood samples from him and Trixie to compare to blood found under Jason's fingernails, he attempts to flee with her in his car but is soon stopped by the police, and he then tells Trixie that he was the one who pushed Jason off the bridge. Daniel is brought in to the police station and confesses to pushing Jason, but is then brought to another room with Laura inside. Laura confesses to Daniel that she was there when Jason died. Jason  and Laura get into an argument as he is standing outside the bridge rails and in the struggle he losses his balance and falls off the bridge. Laura tries to grab him but is unable to pull him up and he falls down leaving scratches on Laura's hands. The police decide not to press charges against Laura and the whole family is released. The title of the film is based on the notion in Dante's Divine Comedy that hell is divided into nine circles. In one of the final scenes of the movie, Laura, who is teaching the Divine Comedy in college, says that there must be a tenth circle in hell, kept for those who hurt their beloved ones and kept acting as if everything was as usual."] ['At the beginning of the plot, Dan Millman is a university student as well as a locally famous gymnast who dreams of winning a National Championship competition. He suffers from restlessness, and on one occasion Dan attempts to compensate for the restlessness by running along streets before sunrise. At a car-service station, he encounters an old man who seems to know more about Dan\'s problem than Dan himself knows, whom Dan later nicknames "Socrates." Dan is unsettled by Socrates\' knowledge; by the fact that Socrates had appeared in a nightmare as a faceless janitor, clad in mismatched shoes , who sweeps up the pieces of Dan\'s shattered leg; and by the old man\'s extraordinary speed, agility, and co-ordination. As a result of his exposure to the last, Dan seeks to learn the secret behind it. Socrates, prodded by the impatient and defiant Dan, gives the boy a series of tasks and lessons. The central concept of "Soc"\'s philosophy is this: that one must live entirely in the present moment. Other ideas include the related notion that at no time is "nothing going on" and the idea that an appropriate time exists for fighting and another for abstaining from violence. These lessons are conveyed through practical lessons, long contemplation, and one spectacular mystical experience. Dan gradually learns to appreciate every moment; to view the journey toward a goal as more meaningful and significant than the attainment; to pay attention to that which he is doing &ndash; thus increasing his gymnastic prowess; and  control himself. Throughout the lesson, Dan learns virtually nothing about his mentor, other than the philosophy, Socrates\' belief that service is the most noble action possible , and the presence of another protégé. This protégé, a woman of Dan\'s own age named Joy, has learned and integrated Socrates\' philosophy into her life, to the extent that she seems as wise as Socrates himself. Dan attempts to ask her for information regarding Socrates, but receives little. Joy treats Dan indulgently, though she evidently respects him. One day, Dan drives recklessly, and his motorcycle collides with a car that ran a red light, causing his right femur bone to shatter. He is rushed to a hospital, where a metal bar is placed in his leg to maintain its integrity. As a result, his gymnastic coach believes that Dan cannot compete in the National competition. Dan, hurt by this lack of faith, recovers from the injury and resumes his training under Socrates\' tutelage. Eventually, he is restored to full health and strength, while his co-ordination improves and his mind is set entirely on the present moment. He competes in the U.S. Trials for the Olympics and achieves a victory. Slightly before the competition, Dan diverts the bus he is riding to Socrates\' station, only to find that Socrates has vanished without a trace. At the arena, he attempts to teach his teammate Tommy what he has learned, but fails due to Tommy\'s emotional insecurity and lack of comprehension. Dan then is called upon for his turn to perform on the Still Rings. While he does his routine, Dan performs flawless just like Pommel Horse tryouts. Moments before he completes his routine, Socrates is in his thoughts asking him three questions: "Where are you, Dan?" "Here." "What time is it?" "Now." "What are You?" "This Moment." Dan then performs his triple consecutive flips, the Commentators frantically speaking, and the judges staring at him in amazement. He then dismounts, while the rings swing outwards, eventually touching each other. The screen goes black, leaving his last moment unknown. The postscript states that Dan and his Berkeley Gymnastics Team won their first National title. It is implied at the end, in a postscript appearing on screen, that Dan of the film and Dan the author of the book on which the film is based are one and the same. It is also stated that the latter Dan lives with his wife Joy.'] ['Based on Mary Robison\'s 1981 novel Oh, the film relates the story of the eccentric Cleveland family during the event of a tornado\'s hitting their rural Kansas home. The head of the family is Eugene Cleveland , who built soda pop and mini-golf empires and lives off the proceeds. His two adult children, Maureen , and Howdy , live with him in his mansion along with Maureen\'s daughter Violet, and Lola, the housekeeper. Maureen is plagued by unwanted visits from her ex, Chris , who has recently returned from Canada with the intention of marrying Maureen and becoming a father to Violet. Howdy is enrolled in a local university and pursues rolling interests in painting, music, and theater, all with an Absurdist slant. He is also desperately trying to convince Stephanie, a young groundskeeper from the University, to marry him and go off to Europe. Eugene, exasperated with Howdy\'s high-brow attitude and Maureen\'s sullen listlessness, spends his time drinking and courting Virginia, a local host of a Christian children\'s TV program. The group continuously annoy each other, fight, and try to find themselves in an isolated little world where all of the necessities of life are provided, but purpose is lacking. Howdy finds an envelope with their mother\'s address and he and Maureen take Violet with them in an effort to track her down. The address on the envelope leads them to a farm in which they meet an unnamed character played by William Burroughs. Burroughs tells them he bought the farm from her and met her once when they were in escrow; that "Jim" spoke with her mostly. When the kids ask if they can speak to Jim Burroughs replies "Jim, got kicked in the head by a horse last year. [He] went around killing horses for a while, until he ate the insides of a clock and he died" . He then indicates that he thinks she moved to Ireland and that becomes the focus of their drive to see her and forgive her. Eugene, frustrated with Virginia\'s condescending attitude toward his family, breaks up with her. During a particularly heated dinner one evening, Eugene overreacts to Howdy\'s insults and explodes, tipping over bowls of gazpacho. Howdy reveals to his father that he and Maureen have actively attempted to find their mother. Eugene informs them that she died in a mental institution and didn\'t even recognize him toward the end. Maureen and Chris decide to get married and Stephanie goes back to her old boyfriend. Meanwhile, Eugene absconds from his immediate family and goes off to destinations unknown with Lola.'] ["The film is a series of flashbacks to various periods in the life of Blake Morrison as he remembers moments he shared with his father Arthur while he, his mother, and younger sister Gillian tend to him on his deathbed in his Yorkshire home. Despite Blake's success as a writer, poet, and critic, his father - a rural general practitioner - never accepted his decision to pursue a literary career nor was he willing to acknowledge his achievements in his field. Bullying, blustery, and boorish, Arthur blunders his way through fatherhood, regularly calling his son a fathead and intruding into the boy's private moments with a sense of entitlement. He has a penchant for exaggeration when he's not telling outright lies, and he publicly humiliates his long-suffering but passively complacent wife Kim with his shameless flirting with various women and an affair with Beaty, a friend of the family. At other times, he seems genuinely interested in bonding with his son, taking him camping so they can test supposedly waterproof sleeping bags he has made or allowing him to drive in the family's Alvis convertible on a wide expanse of deserted beach with reckless abandon. As a result, Blake is left with mixed feelings for the man, ranging from deeply-rooted anger to compassionate acceptance. Only after Arthur's death is he able to set aside his resentment and recognize him as a father whose flaws ultimately helped mold his son into the better man he is."] ['Andy Osnard is an MI6 spy exiled to Panama after having an affair with an ambassador’s mistress. He wants to uncover something big that will get him back into London’s good graces. Believing Panama to still be corrupt after General Noriega’s reign, and as the Americans have now given the Panama Canal back to Panama, Osnard concludes that if he can find out where the true balance of power surrounding the canal is, London will want him back. His informant is Harry Pendel, who is the tailor to many of Panama\'s elite, including the President of Panama. Pendel, who has a few secrets of his own, is a former convict, a fact that he has carefully kept concealed. Harry\'s wife, Louisa, is the assistant to the Panama Canal Authority\'s administrator. Harry is in need of money and doesn’t have the business sense to ask his customers for the money to pay for their suits. Osnard knows that Harry has been lying about his background. He persuades the tailor to spy on the President of Panama, and to find out what he intends on doing with the canal. Pendel agrees and begins spinning stories to keep the money from Osnard flowing. Pendel briefs Osnard that the President of Panama is going to sell the Panama Canal to the Chinese. He adds that a revolution is being planned by the "Silent Opposition", and eventually inspires a third U.S. invasion of Panama. The British Ambassador to Panama finds out that Osnard is spinning a bunch of tall tales, but only demands a bribe to keep quiet. The invasion is cancelled at the last minute when Louisa goes to the Panama Canal Authority\'s Administrator and gets him to contact the President of Panama, who calls the U.S. government and gets them to cancel the looming invasion.'] ['The film tells the story of two scholars, Roland Michell  and Maud Bailey , who investigate the affair of fictional Victorian era poet Randolph Henry Ash , described in letters between him and another fictional poet, Christabel LaMotte .'] ["Major Ben McBride  organises a mission to the Antarctic wastes to search for his friend  who has been missing in the region for several years. McBride's party: Norfolk , Hogan  and Lady Charlotte 'Charlie' Cunningham  find themselves in a world populated by primitive warriors and terrifying prehistoric creatures, all of whom they must evade in order to get back safely to their ship and they meet a race of samurai like warriors called the Nargas."] ['About 10,000 years ago a group of peaceful alien lifeforms from the planet Antarea formed an outpost on the planet Earth, on an island known to mankind as the mythical civilization of Atlantis; according to legend, Atlantis sank as the result of an earthquake. Twenty members of the group remained behind in cocoons, to ensure that the rest had sufficient lifeforce to return to their home planet. Eventually a group of four Antareans returns to pick them up. After disguising themselves as humans they rent a house with a swimming pool, which they charge with lifeforce, to give the cocooned Antareans enough energy to survive the trip home. They then rent a boat from a local captain named Jack , who unknowingly takes them to the location of Atlantis to retrieve their cocoons. Ben, Arthur and Joe, three local residents from a retirement home  go to swim in the pool secretly and take in some of the lifeforce, which causes them to feel younger, stronger, and happier again. They are caught, but are eventually given permission to use the pool by the head Antarean, Walter . Bernie, one of the other elderly people from the home  well known for his extreme pessimism, who also knows of the nature of the aliens, obstinately refuses to use the healing power that he and his dying spouse need, believing it to be unnatural to extend or interfere with human life in this manner. One night during dinner at the retirement home, he carelessly reveals the secret of the pool\'s rejuvenating power during a loud confrontation with his "pool" friends. Angry, Joe tries to attack Bernie, but two orderlies intervene; although weakened by cancer before his dip in the pool, Joe is easily able to fight them off. His display of strength and youth encourages the other elderly residents to rush off and break into the Antareans\' property, barging their way into the pool. Infuriated, Walter ejects the retirement-home residents, but as too many have been in the pool simultaneously its life force has been drained. Bernie\'s wife dies that night and he takes her to the pool, tenderly splashing water over her face in an attempt to revive her, but Walter explains that the power of the pool is gone and that there is nothing he can do to bring Bernie\'s wife back to life. Walter then explains to the others that none of the cocoons can now survive the trip back to Antarea, but will be able to survive on Earth. With the help of Ben, Arthur and Joe, the Antareans return the cocoons to the ruins of Atlantis, planning to attempt a second rescue in another 10,000&nbsp;years time. Unable to take the cocoons with them to their home planet, the Antareans offer the space aboard their ship to the old people. Bernie chooses to live out his natural life on Earth, but most of the others accept the invitation to travel to a world where they will never grow ill, never age, and never die.'] ["Midsummer night, 1894, in northern Sweden. The complex structures of class bind a man and a woman. Miss Julie, the inexperienced but imperious daughter of the manor, deigns to dance at the servants' party. She's also drawn to Jean, a footman who has traveled, speaks well, and doesn't kowtow. He is engaged to Christine, a servant, and while she sleeps, Jean and Miss Julie talk through the night in the kitchen. For part of the night it's a power struggle, for part it's the baring of souls, and by dawn, they want to break the chains of class and leave Sweden together. When Christine wakes and goes off to church, Jean and Miss Julie have their own decisions to make.{{cite web}}"] ['A U.S. Coast Guard patrol boat stops a suspicious yacht, finding that an American businessman and his family have been murdered by several men operating the craft. The murdered man happens to have been a close friend of the President of the United States. President Bennett  learns that the man was murdered because of his ties to a drug cartel, having skimmed over $650 million from the cartel. The President tells James Cutter , his National Security Advisor, that Colombian drug cartels represent "a clear and present danger" to the U.S., indirectly giving Cutter unofficial permission to take down the men responsible for his friend\'s death. Jack Ryan  is appointed Deputy Director  when his friend, mentor, and boss Admiral Jim Greer  is diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. Upon his appointment, Ryan is asked to go before the U.S. Congress to request increased funding of $70 million for ongoing Central Intelligence Agency  operations in Colombia. Congress approves the funding, with U.S. Senator Mayo  receiving Ryan\'s word that no troops or black-ops will be used. Needing to keep an unwitting Ryan out of the loop, Cutter turns to the CIA\'s Deputy Director for Operations Bob Ritter , who secures a document giving him permission to act as he sees fit to take down the cartel. Ritter assembles a black-ops team with the help of John Clark . The team inserts itself in Colombia, with Clark running logistics from Bogota, Colombia, and Captain Ricardo Ramirez  leading the ground force in a search-and-destroy mission against various cartel gangs, their equipment, and hidden drug lab facilities. The head of one of the drug gangs, Ernesto Escobedo , is enraged at having lost over $600 million as a result of the freezing of assets, and has his intelligence officer, Félix Cortez , take care of the problem. Cortez, a former colonel of Cuban military intelligence, has an unwitting contact inside the U.S. government&nbsp;&mdash; Moira Wolfson , a secretary to Federal Bureau of Investigation  Director Emil Jacobs. Cortez feigns romantic interest to discover that Jacobs is visiting Colombia to negotiate with the local attorney general concerning the frozen money. Unaware of these covert dealings, Ryan finds himself caught in the middle of an assassination attempt on Jacobs, which only Ryan survives. Cortez travels to the U.S. and kills Moira to cover his tracks. Cortez\'s real motivation is to cause distrust among the leaders of the cartel . Cortez believes he can assume control of the cartel following the gang war that will result. In retaliation for the assassination of Jacobs, Cutter orders an air strike on a villa where the cartel\'s leaders are supposed to meet. The bombing is mostly successful, killing a large number of the cartel leaders and fooling the media and other observers into thinking that the destruction was caused by a car bomb set by a rival drug lord. Escobedo and Cortez avoid the bombing, but innocent women and children are killed in the action, much to Cutter\'s dismay. The situation is exacerbated when Ryan and Cortez independently discover that the United States was responsible for the bombing. Cortez brokers a deal with Cutter. Cortez will assassinate Escobedo and take over the cartel, then reduce drug shipments to the U.S. and allow American law enforcement to arrest some of his workers at regular intervals so as to make the U.S. appear to be winning the drug war. In exchange, Cutter will shut down all operations in Colombia and allow Cortez to capture and kill Clark\'s soldiers. Cutter agrees and orders Ritter to get rid of all evidence of their operations and cut off the troops in Colombia from all support. Ryan is told about the meeting between Cutter and Cortez. He hacks into Ritter\'s computer account and discovers Ritter\'s and Cutter\'s work in Colombia. Ritter notices Ryan\'s presence on the computer while Ritter is deleting all of the files, and the two men confront each other. Ritter tells Ryan that he has written permission from the President to do anything necessary to defeat the Cali Cartel, and so does Cutter. Ryan will be the scapegoat for what has happened since he doesn\'t have that protection and was responsible for the funding from Congress that made the Colombian operations possible. Greer succumbs to cancer. As the funeral takes place the black-ops team is ambushed in Colombia. Ryan goes to Colombia to find John Clark and save the soldiers. Ritter and Cutter find out about this and tell Clark that Ryan was responsible for the operation\'s shut-down. Clark almost kills Ryan before Ryan convinces him that Ritter and Cutter are responsible. Clark hires a local retired American pilot and Ryan buys an aging Bell 412 helicopter. They fly to where the soldiers were attacked and find the squad\'s scout/sniper, Domingo Chavez , who tells them that two of his unit members are imprisoned and the rest are dead. Ryan visits Escobedo\'s mansion and tells him what Cortez has been doing. Enraged, Escobedo accuses Cortez of treachery. One of Cortez\'s men kills Escobedo and henchmen, but is shot by Chávez. Ryan, Clark, and Chávez rescue the prisoners, kill Cortez, and escape. Ryan confronts the President, who tries to convince Ryan that he now holds "a chip in the big game"&nbsp;&mdash; by being in the loop of what happened, Ryan can use the President for special favors; otherwise Ryan and Admiral Greer become the scapegoats. Ryan tells the President that he intends to blow the whistle at a Congressional Oversight Committee session despite the damage it could do to his career. He walks out of the Oval Office and begins his testimony to Congress.'] ['{{plot}} Bob Lee Swagger  is a retired U.S. Marine Gunnery Sergeant who served as a Force Recon Scout Sniper. He reluctantly leaves a self-imposed exile from his isolated mountain home in the Wind River Range at the request of Colonel Isaac Johnson . Johnson appeals to Swagger\'s expertise and patriotism to help track down an assassin who plans on shooting the president from a great distance with a high-powered rifle. Johnson gives him a list of three cities where the President is scheduled to visit so Swagger can determine if an attempt could be made at any of them. Swagger assesses each of the locations and determines that a site in Philadelphia would be most conducive to a long-range assassination attempt. He passes this information to Johnson, who purportedly arranges for a response. This turns out to be a set-up; while Swagger is working with Johnson\'s agents—including a local police officer—to find the rumored assassin, the Ethiopian archbishop is instead assassinated while standing next to the president. Swagger is shot by the officer, but manages to escape. The agents tell the police and public that Swagger is the shooter, and stage a massive manhunt for the injured sniper. However, Swagger has a stroke of luck—he meets a rookie FBI special agent, Nick Memphis , disarms him, and steals his car. Swagger uses the first aid supplies in the car to treat his wounds and escapes by driving into the Delaware River while being chased. He then takes refuge with Sarah Fenn , widow of Swagger\'s late spotter and close friend Donnie Fenn, killed years before in a mission in Africa that Swagger himself barely survived. She saves his life by cleaning and stitching Swagger\'s gunshot wounds, and he later convinces her to help him contact Memphis with information on the conspiracy. Memphis is blamed for allowing Swagger\'s escape and is informed that he will face disciplinary review. Memphis argues that given Swagger\'s training and experience, it is surprising that the president survived and the archbishop standing several feet away was killed. He independently learns that Swagger may have been framed for the assassination by finding several inconsistencies in the evidence and witness statements provided to the FBI by an unnamed private agency. When the rogue agents realize their secret is compromised, they kidnap Memphis and attempt to stage his suicide. Swagger tails the agents and kills Memphis\' captors. Swagger and Memphis then join forces and visit a firearms expert  in Athens, Tennessee, who provides valuable information on the FBI\'s ballistics report and a short list of people capable of taking a shot from a distance of one mile or more. Armed with this information, Swagger and Memphis plot to capture the person who they think is the real assassin, an ex-sniper allied with Colonel Johnson. Once they find him in Lynchburg, Virginia, he commits suicide after revealing that the archbishop was actually the real target and he was murdered to prevent his speaking out against U.S. involvement in the massacre of an Eritrean village. The massacre was carried out on behalf of a consortium of American corporate oil interests headed by corrupt Senator Charles Meachum . Swagger learns that the mission in which Fenn was killed was also a part of the massacre, as they were tasked to cover the withdrawal of the contractors assigned to the job. Swagger records the ex–sniper\'s confession of his involvement in the African massacre. Then, with Memphis\' assistance, Swagger escapes from an ambush by killing 24 mercenaries. Meanwhile, other rogue mercenaries, led by Johnson\'s psychotic right-hand man Jack Payne , have kidnapped Sarah in order to lure Swagger out of hiding. With his new evidence and cat and mouse strategy, Swagger and Memphis are able to rescue her when Colonel Johnson and Senator Meachum arrange a meeting to exchange their hostage for the evidence of their wrongdoing. After killing Payne and several enemy snipers in an isolated mountain range and rescuing Sarah, Swagger and Memphis surrender to the FBI. Later, Swagger  is brought before the attorney general and the FBI director in a closed-door meeting in Washington. The Colonel, Memphis, and Sarah also present. Swagger quickly clears his name by loading a rifle round  into his rifle , aims it at the Colonel, and pulls the trigger—which fails to fire the round. Swagger explains that every time he leaves his house, he removes the firing pins from all his guns, replacing them with slightly shorter ones, thus rendering them unable to fire until he returns. Although Swagger is exonerated, Colonel Johnson cannot be charged with a crime as the Eritrean massacre is outside American legal jurisdiction and he walks free. The attorney general approaches Swagger and states that he  must abide by the law. He also admonishes Swagger, saying, "It\'s not the Wild West anymore, you can\'t just clean up the streets with a gun, even though sometimes, that\'s exactly what\'s needed." Swagger remembers his words. Afterwards, Johnson and the Senator Meachum plan their next move while at the Senator\'s vacation house—only to be interrupted by an attack by Swagger. He kills both conspirators, one of the Colonel\'s aides, and two bodyguards, then breaks open a gas valve before leaving. The fire in the fireplace ignites the gas, blowing up the house. The final scene shows Swagger getting into a car with Sarah and driving away.'] ['In the Mediterranean Sea near Marseille, Italian fishermen find an unconscious man floating adrift with two gunshot wounds in his back. The boat\'s medic finds a tiny laser projector surgically implanted under the unknown man\'s skin at the level of the hip. When activated, the laser projector displays the number of a safe deposit box in Zürich. The man wakes up and discovers he is suffering from amnesia. Over the next few days on the ship, the man finds he is fluent in several languages and has unusual skills, but cannot remember anything about himself or why he was in the ocean. When the ship docks, he sets off to investigate the safe deposit box. At the CIA\'s headquarters, the agency\'s Deputy Director Ward Abbot learns about a failed assassination attempt against exiled African dictator Nykwana Wombosi. Meanwhile, in Zürich, the amnesiac incapacitates two policemen using advanced hand-to-hand combat when they attempt to arrest him. The next morning, he visits a bank using the number that was embedded in his hip, and opens a safe deposit box to find several passports containing his picture , large amounts of assorted currencies, and a handgun. He assumes the name from the first passport, Jason Bourne. He takes all the passports and money, but leaves the handgun. As he leaves, a bank employee contacts Operation Treadstone, a CIA black ops program. After being chased by police, Bourne escapes into a U.S. consulate where he is again pursued by authorities. Bourne escapes and encounters a Swiss woman named Marie Kreutz, offering her $10,000 to drive him to an address in Paris. Meanwhile, Alexander Conklin, the head of Treadstone, assures Abbott that he will destroy any evidence connecting them to Bourne, who was responsible for the failed assassination attempt on Wombosi. He activates three "assets" to take down Bourne: Castel, Manheim, and The Professor. Bourne arrives at the address on his passport, and after studying the apartment, hits redial on his phone and is connected to the Hotel Regina, which recognizes one of Bourne\'s passport aliases; Michael Kane. Bourne is told that Kane died two weeks before in a car crash. Castel ambushes Bourne and Marie at the apartment, but Bourne manages to defeat him after a fight and attempts to interrogate him unsuccessfully. Marie finds wanted posters in Castel\'s bag with both her and Bourne\'s pictures on them; as Bourne attempts to calm her down, Castel jumps out of a window to his death. Marie goes into shock, and Bourne escorts her from the building. Conklin plants a body in a Paris morgue in an attempt to fool Wombosi into thinking Kane is dead, but Wombosi recognizes that the body is not his assailant. The Professor assassinates Wombosi at his home. Bourne investigates Wombosi and concludes that he was an assassin prior to his amnesia. He and Marie leave the city and travel into the French countryside to stay at the house of Marie\'s stepbrother Eamon, where Bourne decides that he no longer wants to be who he was. In the morning, The Professor comes to kill Bourne. Bourne sends Marie and Eamon to hide in the basement, while he grabs Eamon\'s shotgun and goes out to find The Professor, blowing up a large propane tank as a distraction. After a brief standoff in a cropfield, Bourne shoots The Professor twice and interrogates him briefly. The Professor reveals their mutual connection to Treadstone before dying. Bourne sends Marie away for her own safety. He contacts Conklin to arrange a meet, but instead tracks Conklin\'s vehicle to discover the location of Treadstone\'s safe house in Paris. Bourne breaks in and holds Conklin and logistics technician Nicky Parsons at gunpoint, beginning to remember his last mission through successive flashbacks. "Kane" was an assumed identity during his mission to infiltrate Wombosi\'s entourage and kill him, but Bourne failed to kill Wombosi aboard his yacht when he intended to because his children were sleeping nearby. Bourne fled and was shot twice in the back in the process. Bourne tells Conklin that he is leaving Treadstone and warns not to follow him. Realizing that their conversation is being overheard, Bourne leaves Conklin and Parsons before killing two agents who try to kill him. Abbott shuts down Treadstone and has Manheim kill Conklin. Abbott goes before an oversight committee, dismissing Treadstone and previewing a new project codenamed "Blackbriar". Some time later, Jason finds Marie renting out scooters to tourists in Greece, and the two reunite.'] ['The Reader begins in 1995 Berlin, where Michael Berg , a lawyer, is preparing breakfast for a woman who spent the night with him. After she leaves, Michael watches an U-Bahn pass by, flashing back to a tram in 1958 Neustadt. A 15-year-old Michael  gets off because he feels sick and wanders the streets, pausing in the entryway of a nearby apartment building where he vomits. Hanna Schmitz , a tram conductor, comes in and helps him return home.  Michael, diagnosed with scarlet fever, rests at home for the next three months. After he recovers, he visits Hanna with flowers to thank her. The 36-year-old Hanna seduces him and they begin an affair. They spend much of their time together having sex in her apartment and Michael reading her literary works he is studying, such as Emilia Galotti, The Odyssey, The Lady with the Little Dog, Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and the Tintin comic The Seven Crystal Balls. After a bicycling trip, Hanna learns she is being promoted to a clerical job at the tram company. She abruptly moves without telling Michael. The film switches to Michael at Heidelberg University law school in 1966. As part of a special seminar taught by Professor Rohl , a camp survivor, the students observe a trial  of several women accused of letting 300 Jewish women die in a burning church when they were SS guards on the death march following the 1944 evacuation of a concentration camp near Krakow. Hanna is one of the defendants. Stunned, Michael visits a former camp himself. The trial divides the students, with one angrily saying there is nothing to be learned from it other than that evil acts occurred and that the older generation of Germans should kill themselves for their failure to act then. The key evidence is the testimony of Ilana Mather , author of a memoir of how she and her mother, who also testifies, survived. Hanna, unlike her co-defendants, admits that Auschwitz was an extermination camp and that the ten women she chose during each month\'s Selektion were gassed. She denies authorship of a report on the church fire, despite pressure from the other defendants, but then admits it rather than complying with a demand to provide a handwriting sample. Michael then realizes Hanna\'s secret: she is illiterate and has concealed it her whole life. The other female guards who claim she wrote the report are lying to place responsibility on Hanna. Michael informs Rohl that he has information favorable to one of the defendants but is not sure what to do since the defendant herself chooses not to disclose the information. Rohl tells him that if he has learned nothing from the past there is no point in having the seminar. Hanna receives a life sentence for her admitted leadership role in the church deaths while the other defendants are sentenced to four years and three months each. Michael meanwhile marries, has a daughter and divorces. Retrieving his books from the time of the affair with Hanna, he begins reading them into a tape recorder. He sends the cassette tapes and a recorder to Hanna. Eventually, she begins to check the books out from the prison library and teaches herself to read and write by following along with Michael\'s tapes. She starts writing back to Michael in brief, childlike notes. Michael does not write back or visit, but keeps sending tapes, and in 1988 a prison official  telephones him to seek his help with Hanna\'s transition into society after her upcoming release. He finds a place for her to live and a job and finally visits Hanna a week before her release. In their meeting, Michael remains somewhat distant and confronts her about what she has learned from her past. Michael arrives at the prison on the date of Hanna\'s release with flowers. He discovers that Hanna hanged herself and left a tea tin with cash in it with a note asking Michael to give the cash and some money in a bank account to Ilana. Michael travels to New York. He meets Ilana  and confesses his relationship with Hanna. He tells her about the suicide note and Hanna\'s illiteracy. Ilana tells Michael there is nothing to be learned from the camps and refuses the money. Michael suggests that she donate the money to an organization that combats adult illiteracy, preferably a Jewish one. She wants him to take care of this instead, though she wryly notes "illiteracy isn\'t much of a Jewish problem." Ilana keeps the tea tin since it is similar to one stolen from her in Auschwitz. The film ends with Michael getting back together with his daughter Julia at Hanna\'s grave and beginning to tell her his story.'] ['American pulp Western writer Holly Martins  arrives in Post-World War II Vienna seeking his childhood friend, Harry Lime , who has offered him a job. Martins discovers that Lime was killed by a car while crossing the street. At Lime\'s funeral, Martins meets two British Army Police: Sergeant Paine , a fan of Martins\'s books, and his superior, Major Calloway . Afterwards Martins is asked to give a lecture to a book club a few days later. He then meets a friend of Lime\'s, "Baron" Kurtz , who tells Martins that he and another friend, Popescu , carried Lime to the side of the street after the accident and, before he died, Lime asked them to take care of Martins and Lime\'s actress girlfriend, Anna Schmidt . Martins goes to see Anna and becomes suspicious that Lime\'s death was not an accident. The porter at Lime\'s apartment building says that Lime was killed immediately and that three men carried the body, not two. Martins and Anna discover that the police are searching her flat, who confiscate a forged passport and detain her. The next evening Martins visits Lime\'s "medical advisor", Dr. Winkel , who says that he arrived at the accident after Lime was dead, and only two men were there. The porter offers to give Martins more information, but someone kills him before Martins can see him. When Martins arrives, the crowd believes that he is involved and becomes hostile. Escaping from them, Martins returns to the hotel, and a cab immediately takes him to the book club, where he makes a poor speech. When Popescu enters, he asks about Martins\'s next book. Martins says that it will be called The Third Man, "a murder story" inspired by facts. Popescu tells Martins that he should stick to fiction. Martins sees two thugs advancing towards him and flees. Calloway again advises Martins to leave Vienna, but Martins refuses and demands that Lime\'s death be investigated. Calloway reveals that Lime\'s racket was stealing penicillin from military hospitals, diluting it, and selling it on the black market, leading to many deaths. Martins, convinced, agrees to leave. Martins learns that Anna too has been told about Lime\'s crimes and is about to be sent to the Soviet sector. Leaving her apartment, Martins notices someone watching from a dark doorway. A shaft of light reveals the person to be Lime, who flees, ignoring Martins\'s calls, and vanishes. Martins summons Calloway, who deduces that Lime has escaped through the sewers. The British police exhume Lime\'s coffin and discover that the body is that of the orderly who stole the penicillin for Lime. The next day, Martins meets with Lime, and they ride Vienna\'s Ferris wheel, the Wiener Riesenrad. Lime obliquely threatens Martins, reveals the full extent of his ruthlessness, and then reiterates his job offer before leaving quickly. Calloway then asks Martins to help capture Lime, and Martins agrees, asking for Anna\'s safe conduct out of Vienna in exchange. However, when Anna learns this, she refuses to leave. Exasperated, Martins decides to leave, but on the way to the airport, Calloway stops at a hospital to show Martins children dying of meningitis that had been treated using Lime\'s diluted penicillin. Lime arrives to rendezvous with Martins, but Anna warns him. He tries once again to escape using the sewer tunnels, but the police are there in force. Lime shoots and kills Paine, but Calloway shoots and wounds him. Badly injured, Lime drags himself up a ladder to a street grating, but he cannot lift it. Martins then kills him using Paine\'s revolver. Later, Martins attends Lime\'s second funeral. At the risk of missing his flight out of Vienna, he waits to speak to Anna, but she ignores him and walks past.'] ['The story centres on an immense golden bell named The Mother of Voices, which may or may not exist. Moorish king Aly Mansuh  is convinced that it does. Having collected all the legendary material about it that he can, he plans to mount an expedition to search for it. When the shipwrecked Norseman, Rolfe , repeats the story of the bell in the marketplace, and hints that he knows its location, he is seized by Mansuh\'s men and brought in for questioning. Rolfe insists that he does not know and that the bell is only a myth. He manages to escape before the questioning continues under torture. Managing to return home, Rolfe reveals to his father that he did indeed hear the bell pealing on the night his ship was wrecked in Africa. However, Rolfe\'s father has been made destitute after spending a fortune building a funeral ship for the Danish king, Harold Bluetooth, who then refuses to reimburse him citing an outstanding debt. Rationalising that the ship does not yet belong to Harold , Rolfe and his brother steal not only the ship, but kidnap a number of inebriated Vikings to serve as its crew. In order to prevent Harold from killing his father in revenge for the theft, he also takes the king\'s daughter as a hostage. Harold declares that he will summon every longship he can find and rescue her. After prolonged difficulties at sea, the ship is damaged in a maelstrom. The Norse are cast ashore in Mansuh\'s country. Captured by the Moors, the Norse are condemned to execution but Mansuh\'s favourite wife Aminah convinces her husband to use them and their longship to retrieve the bell. Arriving at the Pillars of Hercules, Rolfe and Mansuh find only a domed chapel with a small bronze bell where the Viking was certain he had heard The Mother of Voices. Frustrated, Rolfe throws the hanging bell against a wall and the resounding cacophony reveals that the chapel dome is the disguised Mother of Voices. After a costly misadventure moving the Mother of Voices from its clifftop down to the sea, the expedition finally returns to the Moorish city, Aly Mansuh triumphantly riding through the streets with the bell in tow. As the group reaches Mansuh\'s palace, Aminah suddenly cries aloud that "The Long Ships came in the night" and is immediately shot down by a spear. A group of Vikings come leaping out from behind the silent townspeople. These Norsemen are King Harold\'s men, out to rescue the princess, and the climactic battle ensues. It ends when the bell falls over and crushes Aly Mansuh. The Moors are defeated and the Vikings victorious. The film ends as Rolfe tells King Harold about the "three crowns of the Saxon kings."'] ["Four older women, all Chinese immigrants living in San Francisco, meet regularly to play mahjong, eat, and tell stories. Each of these women has an adult Chinese-American daughter. The film reveals the hidden pasts of the older women and their daughter's lives shaped by the clash of Chinese and American cultures as they strive to understand their family bonds and one another."] ['The film is narrated by Ben Jago, a corrupt police detective who is prepared to manipulate those around him to get what he wants, even the people he loves. After the Commissioner of London\'s Metropolitan Police Sinclair Carver is caught using racist language he is forced to resign. The Home Secretary and Prime Minister choose John Othello, a black policeman and Jago\'s best friend, to be the next Commissioner as a publicity stunt after a reporter praises him for ending a riot. Jago, Carver\'s second-in-command, feels that Othello stole his chance to become Commissioner himself, as he had been the favourite for the job. Jago plots to take revenge on Othello by ruining his life and driving him out of his new job. Jago posts on a neo-Nazi website about Othello\'s marriage to Dessie Brabant, a wealthy white woman, leading her to be attacked in the street. When Othello asks Jago to lend him a man to look after her during the day Jago suggests Michael Cass, an attractive inspector and known womanizer, to look after Dessie. Jago also seduces Dessie\'s best friend, Lulu, to try to get information about Dessie\'s past and her relationship with Cass. During this Othello has Jago look into the death of Billy Coates, a black drug addict, who was battered to death by three policemen claiming it was self-defense. He discovers, via PC Alan Roderick, that the three policemen actually went to Coastes\' flat with the intention of attacking him. Jago sympathises with Roderick and offers protection in return for him testifying against the other three policemen. Upon discovering this Othello is given all the credit. Furious that he has once again been overlooked by Othello, Jago decides to ruin the case. Roderick is called to give evidence at the trial causing the other policemen to rebuff him. The day he is called to trial he is found dead from an overdose, and it is suggested that Jago overdosed Roderick with alcohol, knowing he was on anti-depressants. Jago offers to take the blame, but Othello refuses, telling him that he is the "only person [he] can trust." Through Jago\'s prompting and several misunderstandings between Dessie and Cass, Othello begins to become paranoid that Dessie is having an affair. Jago suggests they use DNA to test whether Dessie and Cass sleeping together. During a televised interview Othello has a breakdown and even attacks Cass in a car park. Jago starts to feel guilty, but decides that it is out of his hands. Nonetheless he tells Othello that he got the DNA tests back, confirming that Dessie is having an affair. That night Othello returns home to confront her. When Dessie denies it Othello kills her in a fit of anger. Worried when they don\'t get a response at the door, Jago and Lulu break into the flat to find Dessie dead. Jago tells Othello that the tests were negative and Dessie was innocent. Realising that he had been manipulated, Othello asks Jago why he did it, to which Jago states that Othello took what was his; despite everything, however, Jago states that he still loves Othello and always will. Jago and Lulu wait outside for the police to arrive when Othello commits suicide. Shortly after the Home Secretary and Prime Minister decide to choose a more reliable pair of hands for the Commissioner, choosing Jago. The film ends with Jago stating that it wasn\'t about race or politics but love, "simple as that."'] ["As America recovers from the Civil War, Paul Cable  returns home to Texas after being away from his family for years while fighting for the Confederacy. His wife, Martha , is a pretty but strong-willed frontier woman, whose independence makes her a force in and of herself. She had been told that he was killed in action. Upon her husband's unexpected return, she once again devotes herself to being his wife, but resents him for having left her and their children behind to fight a war she didn't care to understand. Despite having loved each other since childhood and being married, Paul and Martha are now like strangers to each other, and the tension between them is evident. During his absence, their youngest daughter died from a fever, and Martha, having borne that without him, has developed a hatred for her husband. Her father, James Sanford , scolds her for her attitude toward Cable, but she stands her ground, never backing down from her stance on the subject. Her father knows her well, and subsequently leaves the subject alone. Cable decides he will return to Arizona and reclaim the ranch he owns there. The family members, consisting of Paul, Martha, and their daughter and son, load up their belongings, bid farewell to Martha's father, and make their way to Arizona. While en route, they come into contact with Lorraine Kidston , the beautiful ramrod cowgirl daughter of rancher Duane Kidston . During the night, horses headed by her men accidentally stampede through the Cables' camp, leading Paul and Martha to scold the men. Lorraine agrees that her men were foolish to run the horses at night, and scolds them. Through this interaction, the cowhands and Lorraine learn that the man in front of them is, in fact, Paul Cable. They had been told that he was dead, and since then, her father has assumed control of Cable's ranch. Lorraine's father, Duane Kidston, is a former Union Army soldier, as is his brother Vern . They have little use for former Confederates, and feel that Cable's ranch now belongs to them. Upon reaching the ranch, Cable confronts the Kidston men staying in his house. However, when one man attempts to draw on Cable, he is shot and killed by Martha Cable, who is in the dark shadows. The shooting leads to an ongoing feud between Paul Cable and the Kidston men, during which several of Kidston's hired guns are killed by Cable. Vern and Lorraine Kidston, however, begin to sympathize with the Cables, feeling it is better to simply return the ranch to them and let things be. Duane disagrees, but relents to his daughter and brother's wishes. In the end, the real threat to the Cables' new life in Arizona does not come from the Kidstons, but from a one-armed Confederate sympathizer and former soldier, Edward Janroe , who kills Duane, an event for which Cable is blamed. Despite everything pointing to Cable as Duane's killer, not even Duane's brother Vern believes it. Janroe kidnaps Cable's daughter as security during an illegal gun transaction with Mexican bandits. Cable and Vern team up and chase down Janroe, killing him, then get involved in a shootout with the bandits. Cable eventually asks Vern to take his daughter out of harm's way, which Vern does. Cable then takes on the remaining bandits alone, with them eventually just deciding to take the guns from Janroe's wrecked wagon and leave. Cable returns home wounded, where he is nursed by Martha, who has finally learned to accept him as he is. She decides to forgive him, forget all the animosity between them, and love her husband again."] ["Bale plays Chris, a young married professional living an ordinary life in the fictional suburb of Eastwood near London in the late 1970s. Although he still loves his wife, Marion,  Chris still experiences boredom. A visit from an old friend, the carefree Toni, ([[Lee Ross  causes Chris to re-evaluate his life and to recall his time spent in Paris ten years before where he was in a relationship with an exciting French woman named Annick  and dreamed of becoming a photographer. Chris considers having sex with another woman at a party, until he discovers that Toni has arranged it for him in attempt to draw Chris out of his complacency. When Marion, who has herself resisted sexual advances from Toni, points out to Chris that Toni is actually jealous of all that Chris has, Chris realises that although his life may lack perpetual excitement he has made the right decisions and is content. The film explores the tension between the youthful idealism of a hedonistic existence and that of the inevitable middle-class establishment. 'Metroland' refers to the London suburbs which are served by the expansive Underground network, an environment that Chris and Toni had always promised themselves they would escape. The narrative format is largely the flashback, with extended portions showing Chris as a 21 year old living in Paris. The primary difference between this film and the 1980 novel Metroland on which it is based is the narrative structure: the book proceeds chronologically from Chris' youth to the early years of his marriage whereas the film uses flashbacks to his time in Paris. In the book Chris is a graduate student while in Paris, and has no interest in photography. Finally, in the book Chris' encounter with another woman at a party was not arranged by Toni, nor is there any indication that Toni has made a pass at Chris' wife Marion. Much of the dialogue from the book is preserved in the film."] ["The film follows the courtship and marriage of Catherine Falconetti  to local butcher Joseph Santangelo , as well as Catherine's relationship with her overbearing Old World mother-in-law . The film also focuses on Catherine and Joseph's daughter Teresa , a devout Catholic more similar to her superstitious grandmother than with her modernized and secularized parents. As a child and young adult she puts herself through a series of trials so that she might one day be canonized as a saint. Teresa's teenage fantasy to become a nun is strained after starting a relationship with a marriage-minded young man . The film explores both family dynamics over the course of time as well as, on a larger level, the relationship between religious faith in miracles and modernity."] ["The film tells of Marguerite Gautier . She's born into a lower class family, but in time becomes the well known Dame Camille living in high society in Paris. Camille's finances are covered by the wealthy Baron de Varville , but after many years of making money from her looks Camille falls in love with Armand ([[Robert Taylor , a handsome young man. Armand is attracted to Camille and she's prepared to give up the Baron and be with Armand. However, Armand's father  begs Camille to turn away from his son, knowing her past will ruin his future in Paris. Realizing the painful wisdom of his advice, Camille rejects Armand, who continues to pursue her even as Camille contracts a serious case of tuberculosis. The film ends with Camille's tragic death in the arms of her suitor Armand, who has been much changed over the course of the film."] ["After psychology professorBiesen, Sheri Chinen . Blackout: World War II and the origins of film noir. Johns Hopkins University Press, ISBN 978-0-8018-8218-0 Richard Wanley sends his wife and two children off on vacation, he goes to his club to meet friends. Next door, Wanley sees a striking oil portrait of Alice Reed  in a storefront window. He and his friends talk about the beautiful painting and its subject. Wanley stays at the club and reads Song of Songs. When he leaves, Wanley stops at the portrait and meets Reed, who is standing near the painting watching people watch it. Reed convinces Wanley to join her for drinks. Later, they go to Reed's home, but an unexpected visit from her rich lover Claude Mazard  leads to a fight in which Wanley kills Mazard. Wanley and Reed conspire to cover up the murder, and Wanley disposes Mazard's body in the country. However, Wanley leaves many clues, and there are a number of witnesses. One of Wanley's friends from the club, district attorney Frank Lalor  has knowledge of the investigation, and Wanley is invited back to the crime scene, as Lalor's friend, but not as a suspect. As the police gather more evidence, Reed is blackmailed by Heidt , a crooked ex-cop who was Mazard's bodyguard. Reed attempts to poison Heidt with a prescription overdose when he returns the next day, but Heidt is suspicious and takes the money without drinking the drugs. Reed tells Wanley, who overdoses on the remaining prescription medicine. Heidt is killed in a shootout immediately after leaving Reed's home, and police believe Heidt is Mazard's murderer. Reed races to her home to call Wanley, who is slumped over in his chair. In an impossible match on action, Wanley awakens in his chair at his club, and he realizes the entire adventure was a dream in which employees from the club were main characters in the dream. As he steps out on the street in front of the painting, a woman asks Wanley for a light. He adamantly refuses and runs down the street."] [' SS officer Ralf  and his wife Elsa  move from Berlin to the countryside with their children—12-year-old Gretel  and 8-year-old Bruno —after Ralf is promoted to commandant of a Nazi concentration camp, implied to be Auschwitz. Bruno is confined to the front grounds of their new home and craves companionship and adventure. He disobeys his parents by sneaking out and trekking through the woods to an isolated, unguarded corner of the camp, where he befriends Shmuel , a Jewish boy his own age. They meet in the same spot everyday. Bruno starts bringing Shmuel food and playing games with him through the barbed wire fence. Shmuel gradually reveals to Bruno the truth of what is behind the fence, telling him that he and his family have been imprisoned and forced to wear the "striped pyjamas" because they are Jews. On hearing this, Bruno remembers what he has been taught about Jewish people but realizes that Shmuel is not evil and continues their friendship. Bruno and Gretel get a tutor, Herr Liszt ([[Jim Norton , who pushes an agenda of antisemitism and nationalist propaganda. Gretel becomes increasingly fanatical in her support for the Third Reich, covering her bedroom wall with Nazi propaganda posters, much to the confusion of Bruno. She flirts with SS Lieutenant Kurt Kotler , her father\'s subordinate, as her budding sexuality becomes fixated on the ideal of the German soldier. Bruno remains skeptical of Nazi Propaganda, because all of the Jews Bruno knows, including the family\'s servant Pavel , do not resemble Liszt\'s teachings. One day, Kurt Kotler and Elsa are standing in the front yard when smoke  floats up from the camp. Kurt does not realise that Elsa doesn\'t know about the Jews being burnt, and says "They smell even worse when they burn, don\'t they." Ralf had been sworn to secrecy about the camp\'s true aims and hadn\'t told Elsa what was happening. Later, a blazing row between Elsa and Ralf occurs. It is insinuated that Elsa revealed who told her about the camp\'s secret. Ralf interrogates Kotler about his father\'s loyalty to the Nazis. This puts Kotler in a bad mood and when Pavel accidentally knocks over his glass while trying to fill it up, he drags him into another room and the sounds of the servant being severely beaten are heard. The following morning, the family\' maid is shown scrubbing bloodstains off the floor and Elsa appears as though she has been crying. Gradually, Ralf is convinced that the house is no place for a child to grow up and makes arrangements for Elsa and the children to leave the area for a "safer" place with relatives, while he remains to "finish his work" at the camp. The day before Bruno is due to leave, Shmuel reveals that his father has gone missing in the camp. It is implied that he was taken into a gas chamber. Seeing an ideal opportunity to redeem himself for wronging Shmuel previously, Bruno digs a hole beneath the fence, changes into prison clothing that Shmuel has stolen for him, and enters the camp to help Shmuel find his father. Bruno is horrified by what he sees: the dehumanization, starvation and sickness are the antithesis of the Theresienstadt-esque propaganda film that had shaped his prior impressions. While searching for Shmuel\'s father, they are rounded up with others and marched to "the showers", the gas chambers. At the house, Bruno\'s absence is noticed. After Gretel and Elsa discover the open window Bruno went through and the remains of food Bruno was taking for Shmuel, Ralf and his guards mount a search to find him. They enter the camp, searching for Bruno. In the gas chambers, the inmates—including Bruno and Shmuel—are told to remove their clothes, amid speculation that it is only for a shower. While Bruno changes his clothes, he looks around and notices a man believed to be Pavel also in the gas chambers. The man sees him but then looks away. They are packed into the gas chambers, where Bruno and Shmuel take each other\'s hands. A soldier pours some Zyklon B pellets into the chamber. The prisoners start yelling and banging on the metal door. Ralf, still with his guards, arrives at an empty dormitory, signalling to him that a gassing is taking place. Ralf cries out his son\'s name and Elsa and Gretel fall to their knees. The film ends by showing the closed door of the now-silent gas chamber.'] ["Harry Palmer , who has left MI-5 to work as a private investigator, is told by a mechanical voice on the phone to take a package to Helsinki. The package contains six virus-laden eggs that have been stolen from the British government's research facility at Porton Down. In Helsinki, he is met by Anya  who takes him to meet her handler, Harry's old friend Leo Newbigen . Leo is in love with Anya, but Harry knows that she is only pretending to reciprocate. Leo takes Harry to a secret room where a computer issues daily instructions to Leo and Anya. The computer speaks in the same voice as the one which summoned Harry to Helsinki. After determining that he cannot trust either Leo or Anya, he is captured by his former MI-5 superior, who coerces him into working once more for the British government in pursuing the conspiracy. Harry is ordered to Russia where he embeds with some rebels to obtain intelligence for Leo's operation. After being captured and left for dead, he is extracted from Russia by Colonel Stok , an old contact from the Red Army. Back in Helsinki, Anya tries to kill Harry while she seduces him. She confesses that the computer told her to kill Harry. Harry locks her in a room and waits for Leo at the computer's location. Leo offers to pay off Harry for his trouble, but Harry insists on getting half of the money Leo is getting from whatever the conspiracy is all about. The pair go to Texas where Harry meets oil tycoon 'General' Midwinter . The General proudly displays his billion-dollar 'brain', which is a room full of computers that dispenses orders to his agents all over the world. The General is in the midst of planning a rebellion in Latvia, which he thinks will trigger the fall of the Soviet Union. His plan is to infect the Red Army with the viruses, while using his Latvian agents to begin a rebellion as his own private army invades. Meanwhile, Leo subverts the General's computer orders and escapes with the eggs. The General realizes that Harry is a double agent, but he sends Harry after Leo regardless. Back in Helsinki, Leo and Anya board a train for Russia with the eggs, but Harry intercepts them, escorting Leo off the train with the eggs. Anya shoots Harry's bodyguards as the train pulls away from the station. Leo runs after the train, and he hands the eggs to Anya. As he tries to pull himself up, Anya pushes him off the train and shrugs as he looks at her in bewilderment. Leo then offers to help Harry stop the General's insane plan, which could trigger World War III. In personnel carriers made out of oil tanker trucks from his company, the General leads his private army across the frozen Baltic Sea into Latvia. Harry and Leo attempt to catch up with the General, who orders their car to be fired upon. Leo is killed. Meanwhile, Col. Stok is fully aware of the invasion and fires on the convoy, breaking the sea ice. The entire convoy falls into the freezing water, and all the vehicles and soldiers sink below the ice to a cold, watery, Baltic Grave. Harry awakes alone on an ice floe. Col. Stok arrives in a helicopter with Anya and the eggs. He gives the eggs to Harry and confirms that Anya is one of his spies. She bids Harry farewell, and he walks off the frozen sea back to the helicopter, Harry apparently now has a long walk. Back in London, Harry delivers the eggs to his MI-5 superior, who agrees to reward Harry with a promotion. However, when he opens the package to inspect the eggs, he finds that Harry has replaced them with six baby chickens."] ['In 2027, after 18 years of worldwide female infertility, civilisation is on the brink of collapse as humanity faces the grim reality of extinction. For years the United Kingdom, one of the few stable nations with a functioning government, has been deluged by asylum seekers from around the world, fleeing the chaos and war which has taken hold in most countries. In response Britain has become a militarised police state as British forces round up and detain immigrants. Kidnapped by an immigrants rights group known as "The Fishes", former activist turned cynical bureaucrat Theo Faron  is brought to its leader, his estranged American wife Julian Taylor . They separated after their son died from a flu pandemic in 2008. Julian offers Theo money to acquire transit papers for a young refugee named Kee , which Theo obtains from his cousin Nigel , a government minister. However, the bearer must be accompanied, so Theo agrees to escort Kee in exchange for a larger sum. Luke , a Fishes member, drives them and former midwife Miriam  towards the coast to a boat. They are ambushed by an armed gang and Julian is fatally shot. Luke kills two police officers who stop their car and they escape to a safe house. Kee reveals her importance to Theo: she is pregnant. Julian had told her to only trust him, intending to hand Kee to the "Human Project", a supposed scientific group in the Azores dedicated to curing infertility. However, Luke persuades Kee to stay. That night, Theo eavesdrops on a meeting of Luke and other members and discovers that Julian\'s death was orchestrated so the group could use the baby as a political tool to support the coming revolution. Theo wakes Kee and Miriam and they steal a car, escaping to the secluded hideaway of Theo\'s aging hippie friend Jasper Palmer , a former editorial cartoonist. A plan is formulated to board the Human Project ship Tomorrow which will arrive offshore from the Bexhill refugee camp and Jasper proposes getting Syd , a camp guard he knows, to smuggle them in. The Fishes trail the group and Jasper stays behind to stall them, giving the government-issued suicide drug Quietus to his catatonic wife. A horrified Theo witnesses the Fishes kill him before escaping with Miriam and Kee. Later they meet Syd, who transports them to Bexhill as prisoners. When Kee begins having contractions on a bus, Miriam distracts a suspicious guard with mania and is taken away. That night Kee gives birth. The next day Syd informs Theo and Kee that a war between the army and the refugees, including the Fishes, has begun. After seeing the baby Syd threatens to turn them in but they attack him and escape. Amidst the fighting between refugees and British troops, the Fishes capture Kee. Theo tracks her and her baby to an apartment which is under heavy fire from the military and escorts her out. Awed by the presence of a baby, the combatants stop fighting momentarily, enabling them to escape. Marichka leads them to a boat in a sewer, but refuses to join them. Theo rows away, revealing to Kee that he had been shot during the gunfire. As they witness the aerial bombing of Bexhill by the Royal Air Force, Kee tells Theo she will name her baby Dylan after Theo\'s son. Theo loses consciousness and Kee begins to sing a lullaby as the Tomorrow approaches through the fog.'] ['{{Main}} Cervantes and his manservant have been imprisoned by the Spanish Inquisition, and a manuscript by Cervantes is seized by his fellow inmates, who subject him to a mock trial in order to determine whether the manuscript should be returned. Cervantes\' defense is in the form of a play, in which Cervantes takes the role of Alonso Quijano, an old gentleman who has lost his mind and now believes that he should go forth as a knight-errant. Quijano renames himself Don Quixote de La Mancha, and sets out to find adventures with his "squire", Sancho Panza.'] ['{{Cleanup}} Missie LaHaye bids a reluctant goodbye at the grave of her late husband Willie, who died two years previously in the line of duty as the sheriff of Tettsford Junction. Even after giving up her job as the town schoolteacher, Missie has found running the ranch on her own overwhelming, so she has resigned herself to letting her son Jeff and his new bride take control of it jointly with her brothers Aaron and Arnie. Missie and her ten-year-old son Mattie travel back to her hometown to live near the farm of her parents, Clark and Marty Davis. She goes back to teaching school. At her first Sunday service, Missie and Mattie learn from the attractive—and single— Pastor Joe that an “Orphan Train” with homeless children in need of good homes will soon arrive from the Children’s Aid Society of New York. Outside the church, Clark introduces Missie to sharp-tongued biddy Mrs. Pettis, who disdains the orphans as "ragamuffins." At the same time, Missie catches the eye of a passing horseman: bachelor Sheriff Zach Tyler, another target of Mrs. Pettis’ vitriol. Claiming that Zach is not a godly man, Mrs. Pettis passes her judgment on him, implying he has a shameful past on the wrong side of the law. On her way to work, Missie passes the church just as the orphan distribution is underway. Although she is firmly determined not to grant Mattie’s request for a new sibling, she goes in—just in time to witness 14-year-old Belinda behaving belligerently toward the Pettises as they choose eight-year-old Jacob—looking on him as a farm worker rather than a son. Realizing that the lone orphan Belinda will be sent back to the foundling home in New York, Missie volunteers to adopt her. Unbeknownst to all, Belinda is Jacob’s sister. She kept this secret to prevent potential parents from breaking up siblings because they see her as "too old" to adopt. With Jacob secured in a home nearby, Belinda can figure out a way for them to flee; she believes that their father had given them up for adoption with the full intention of reuniting with them in the near future. She is so sure of this that she resists family life within the loving embrace of Missie, the Davises, Zach, and the community; she sneaks out of Missie’s home nightly to reassure Jacob that soon they will leave together. She becomes more determined after learning that the Pettises beat and starve him. Missie tells her mother Marty that she feels as if a voice inside told her to adopt Belinda, but she still can’t explain why. Perhaps, says Marty, “God knew that Belinda needed you. And maybe, for some reason you don’t understand yet, you need her.” Joe attempts to court Missie, but she resists, explaining she could never love anyone the way she loved her late husband. Missie then struggles to convince herself that although she is not in love with the sheriff, at least he would make a good marriage partner. While Missie discusses Belinda’s disturbing nocturnal disappearances with Zach, who has warmed her heart with his kindness toward the young girl, he states he has no faith in God if a child can suffer like Belinda. Later, Missie tells her mother she couldn’t love a man who didn’t share her faith. Zach and Missie discover Jacob’s plight, but are anguished that they can’t rescue him unless he exposes the Pettises, which he won’t out of fear of reprisal. While Missie and Zach appreciate their mutual desire to help the boy, they clash over how to save him. An angry Belinda berates them for their inability to help Jacob, claiming her father will soon come to their aid. Exasperated by Belinda’s rejection, Missie visits Marty, who reminds her that Missie once had trouble accepting Marty as her stepmother. Sagely, she tells Missie that “loving a child has nothing to do with giving birth” and “being a family is a choice, not necessarily something that just happens because you’re related by blood." Belinda shows Missie a note written by her father. Belinda can’t read, but is sure the note explains how he’ll come back for her and Jacob. Missie then reads her the note, and Belinda learns that her father had actually left them at the orphanage for good. Later, Zach visits Missie at the school to explain his lack of faith: his fiancée was an innocent victim of murderous bank robbers. Missie then relates the story of her husband’s death, but adds that she still can’t be with a person who doesn’t share her faith. After Missie again fails to rescue Jacob, Belinda runs away with him into the stormy night. Everyone joins a desperate search for them. Amid the lightning-laden thunderstorm, Zach prays. He then hears a voice over the din and follows it to the abandoned mine where the children have sought shelter. Zach tells Missie it was God’s miracle that guided him in the wilderness, but as she later admits to her father, she doesn’t know how to “let go” of her late husband. Clark tells her love doesn’t die when a person passes away; it stays in a person\'s heart forever as she moves on to a new life with a new chance for happiness. Missie takes that chance by marrying Zach. They adopt Jacob as well and begin their lives as a family of five.'] ['In 1947, Humbert Humbert , a European professor of French literature, travels to the United States to take a teaching position in New Hampshire. He rents a room in the home of widow Charlotte Haze , largely because he sees her adolescent daughter Dolores , also called "Lo", while touring the house. Obsessed from boyhood with girls of this age , partly because of a boyhood sexual experience and subsequent tragic loss, Humbert marries Charlotte for the sake of access to her daughter. Later in their marriage, Charlotte becomes furious after she, by way of reading Humbert\'s secret diary, discovers Humbert\'s preference for her daughter. Moments after, Charlotte goes to the mailbox to mail some letters when she is struck by a car and killed. Her death frees Humbert to pursue a sexual and emotional relationship with Lo, whom he nicknames "Lolita". Humbert and Lo then travel the country, staying in various motels before eventually settling in the college town of Beardsley, where Humbert takes a teaching job. However, Lo\'s increasing boredom with Humbert, as well as her growing desire for independence, fuels a constant tension between them. Humbert\'s desperate affections for Lo are also rivaled by another man, playwright Clare Quilty , who has been pursuing Lo since the beginning of their travels. Quilty\'s name and identity are at first unknown to Humbert, and when Lo runs away to him, Humbert\'s search for her is unsuccessful. Three years later, Humbert receives a letter from Lo asking for financial help. Humbert visits Lo, who is now married to another man and pregnant. Humbert, who still loves Lo, asks her to run away with him, but she refuses. He relents and gives her a substantial amount of money and information about her inheritance from her mother. Lo also reveals to Humbert how Quilty actually tracked young girls her age and took them to Pavor Manor, his home in Parkington, to film the girls performing various sexual acts with the help of his assistant Vivian. She also tells him about how after being taken from Humbert, Quilty tried to film Lo performing sex acts in a group setting. When Lo refuses and prefers Quilty to be like a father to her, Quilty leaves Lo on her own. After his visit with Lo, Humbert tracks down Quilty and kills him. After being chased by the police, Humbert is arrested and sent to prison. He dies in November 1950, and Lo dies on Christmas Day in childbirth.'] ["Johns plays Barbara Vining, a teen-age student that has an unrequited crush on her Latin teacher, Stephen Barlow . When Barlow's wife Kay  finds out about this, she confronts Barbara, who is humiliated and runs off. Stephen chases after her to try to calm her down near a local river. Barbara does not return home to her parents for three days, during which time Stephen is accused by the community of causing her death without any evidence, causing him to lose his job and nearly his marriage. Walter Fitzgerald and Megs Jenkins play her parents Henry and Vi, and Pamela Brown plays her spinster Aunt Evelyn, who lives with the family and with her gossip and innuendo, makes the situation worse."] ['Manor Farm is a former prosperous farm that has fallen on hard times, and suffers under the now ineffective leadership of its drunken and aggressive owner, Mr. Jones. One night, Old Major, the prize boar and the second-oldest on the farm, calls the animals on the farm for a meeting, where he compares the humans to parasites and encourages them to break free from their tyrant\'s influence, while reminding them that they must hold true to their convictions after they have gained freedom. With that, he teaches the animals a revolutionary song, "Beasts of England", before collapsing dead mid-song to the animals\' horror. The next morning, Jones neglects to feed the animals for breakfast, and they decide to break into the storehouse to help themselves. When Jones wakes up and attempts to intimidate them with his whip, the animals revolt and drive the drunken and irresponsible Mr. Jones from the farm, renaming it "Animal Farm". They set to work destroying every trace of Jones\' influence, mainly the weapons used against them. An investigation of the farmhouse leads them to concede against living there, though one of the head pigs, an antagonistic boar named Napoleon, who takes interest in the abandoned house, and even more so in a litter of puppies left motherless. The Seven Commandments of Animalism are written on the wall of a barn to illustrate their community\'s laws. The most important is the seventh, "All animals are equal." All the animals work, but the workhorse, Boxer, and his friend Benjamin, the young donkey and the film\'s protagonist put in extra work. Snowball attempts to teach the animals reading and writing; food is plentiful; and the farm runs smoothly. The pigs elevate themselves to positions of leadership and set aside special food items ostensibly for their personal health. Napoleon takes the pups and trains them privately to be his Goon Squad. When Snowball announces his idea for a windmill, Napoleon opposes it. Snowball makes a speech in favor of the windmill, whereupon Napoleon has his dogs chase Snowball to the fields. In Snowball\'s absence, Napoleon declares himself leader and makes changes. Meetings will no longer be held and instead a committee of pigs will run the farm. Using a cowardly young pig named Squealer as a mouthpiece, Napoleon spurs the animals into setting forth his regime. The animals work harder with the promise of easier lives with the windmill. Napoleon abuses his powers, making life harder for the animals; the pigs impose more control while reserving privileges for themselves. During this time, the pigs also decide to start altering their own laws. "No animal shall sleep in beds" is changed to "No animal shall sleep in beds with sheets" when the pigs are discovered to have been sleeping in the old farmhouse. "No animal shall drink alcohol" is changed to "No animal shall drink alcohol to excess" when the pigs discover the farmer\'s whisky. Before long, Napoleon\'s greed drives him to negotiate with a local trader named Mr. Whymper for a supply of jellies and jams. The price is all the hens\' eggs. When the hens discover this, they attempt to revolt by throwing their eggs at the pigs during an attempted seize by force. To instill fear, Napoleon not only puts the hens at the hands of the pig committee, but also selects a duck and sheep to be false accused of treachery. They are taken outside and murdered by the dogs, with their blood used to edit a commandment regarding killing to being legal "with cause". "Beasts of England" is banned as inappropriate, as according to Napoleon the dream of Animal Farm has been realized. Growing jealous of Whymper\'s financial success due to his trading with Animal Farm, a hostile group of farmers attacks the farm, and Jones, who was denied the chance to rejoin them, uses blasting powder to blow up the windmill with himself inside. Though the animals win the battle, they do so at great cost, as many, including Boxer, are wounded. Boxer continues working harder and harder, until he collapses one night while working on the windmill. Napoleon sends for a van to take Boxer away. Benjamin notices that the van belongs to Mr. Whymper\'s glue factory, and attempts to mount a rescue, but his attempts are futile. Squealer delivers a phony speech, claiming to have been at Boxer\'s side at his deathbed, and his last words being to glorify Napoleon. The hurt animals fully realize that Boxer\'s death was planned simply to promote further loyalty to Napoleon\'s dictatorship, but are sent away by the snarling guard dogs. Years pass, and the pigs now have learned to walk upright and wear clothes. Napoleon now dresses in a suit with medals . The Seven Commandments are reduced to a single phrase: "All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others." Napoleon holds a dinner party for a delegation of outside pigs, who congratulate Napoleon on having the hardest-working animals in the country on the least feed. Napoleon gives a toast to when pigs own and operate farms everywhere. Benjamin, overhearing the conversation, imagines the faces of the pigs changing into the face of Mr. Jones. Realizing that things have become "worse than ever for ordinary creature", all of the animals unite together to overthrow Napoleon. The film closes with a smashed portrait of Napoleon as he is being overwhelmed and beaten to death "off screen" by the animals.'] ['The English village of Wall lies near a stone wall that is the border with the magical kingdom of Stormhold. A guard is constantly posted at a break in the wall to prevent anyone from crossing. At the beginning of the story, Dunstan Thorne crosses over the wall and into the Wall Market. There, he meets an enslaved princess named Una, who offers him a glass snowdrop in exchange for a kiss. Nine months later, the Wall Guard delivers a baby to Dunstan, saying his name is Tristan. Eighteen years later, in the royal palace of Stormhold, the king is on his deathbed. He throws a ruby into the sky, decreeing that the first of his fratricidal sons to recover it will be the new king. The gem collides with a star, and they fall together and land elsewhere in Stormhold. The king\'s two remaining sons, Primus and Septimus independently search for the gem. In Wall, Tristan Thorne sees the star fall behind the wall, and vows to retrieve it for the object of his infatuation, Victoria, in return for her hand in marriage. His father reveals to him that his mother is from the other side of the wall, and gives him a Babylon candle that she had left for him, which instantly transports the user to any desired location. Tristan lights it and is transported to the fallen star, a beautiful woman named Yvaine. He promptly chains her in order to take her home to Victoria. Three ancient witches in Stormhold also learn of the fallen star and resolve to find her, intending to eat her heart in order to recover their youth and replenish their magical power. The leader of the witches, Lamia, consumes the remains of the heart they had cut from a star that had fallen centuries before and was captured by the witches. Regaining temporary youth, Lamia hunts down Yvaine and sets a trap for her, magically conjuring an inn in the countryside. Yvaine is weary and unaccustomed to daytime travel, so Tristan chains her to a tree and promises to return with food. In his absence, a unicorn frees Yvaine, then unwittingly takes her to Lamia\'s inn. Tristan discovers Yvaine gone and lies down to rest. The stars whisper to Tristan, warning of Yvaine\'s danger and begging him to save her as the last star who fell was murdered by the three witches and her heart eaten; instructing him to get on a passing stagecoach, which happens to be Primus\'. Tristan and Primus arrive at the inn, interrupting Lamia\'s attempt to kill Yvaine. Lamia kills Primus, but Tristan and Yvaine escape using the stub of the Babylon candle. Because they are each thinking of their respective homes, the candle takes Tristan and Yvaine into the storm clouds, between the earth and the stars, where they are captured by pirates in a flying ship. They befriend the kind-hearted Captain Shakespeare, who teaches Tristan how to fence and fight, and gives him and Yvaine clean clothing. Septimus arrives at the site of the inn and discovers that he is the last surviving son of the king, only needing to find the stone to claim the throne. He learns that it is in the possession of the fallen star and that the heart of a star grants immortality. After leaving Captain Shakespeare\'s ship, Tristan and Yvaine make their way to a village near the wall, where they spend the night at an inn. Come morning, Tristan leaves Yvaine sleeping and goes to Wall, bringing with him a lock of her hair, to tell Victoria that he won\'t marry her, having fallen in love with Yvaine. When the lock turns to dust, he realizes that Yvaine will die if she crosses the wall, and he rushes back to save her. Yvaine wakes up to find Tristan gone, and she starts walking toward the wall, believing that he abandoned her to go back to Victoria. Tristan\'s mother Una notices Yvaine walking to her doom, so she takes the caravan of her enslaver, a witch named Ditchwater Sal, to the wall to stop her. Lamia arrives and, after killing Sal, captures both Una and Yvaine, taking them to the witches\' castle. Septimus and Tristan both pursue Lamia and meet at the castle, agreeing to work together for the time being. Barging into the witches\' castle, Septimus recognizes the princess as his long-lost sister. Una and Tristan meet for the first time, and she informs him that she is his mother. Septimus and Tristan fight the witches, killing two of them, but Lamia kills Septimus using a voodoo doll, then uses it to make his corpse fight Tristan. Tristan disposes of the corpse. Lamia then disarms Tristan in a swordfight and is about to finish him off, when she breaks down over the loss of her two sisters. Lamia seemingly frees Yvaine but instead reveals her feigned defeat to be a ruse meant to bolster Yvaine\'s broken heart. As the witch-queen bears down on them, Yvaine realises that Tristan\'s return has left her heartbroken no more. She tells him to close his eyes and hold her tight. As they embrace, her love for Tristan allows her to shine once again, vaporising Lamia in a blinding flash of pure starlight. Tristan retrieves the jewel that Yvaine was wearing. Una explains that, as her son, Tristan is the last male heir of Stormhold. Tristan becomes the new king with Yvaine as his queen. Later, after eighty years of ruling Stormhold, they both use a Babylon candle to ascend to the sky, where Tristan also becomes a star. Since Yvaine "gave her heart" to Tristan, the two will live forever in the sky.'] ['David  and Dana Hurst  are dentists who are married with three daughters and share a dental practice in Westchester County, New York. Dana is in the chorus of a community opera production, and when David goes backstage to give her a good luck charm, he sees her in the arms of another man. As he contemplates how to handle this, he begins having imaginary conversations with a difficult former patient . When the whole family gets the flu, everything is brought to a head.'] ["The film tells the story of the crew aboard an English cargo ship named the SS Glencairn, during World War II, on the long voyage home from the West Indies to Baltimore and then to England. The ship carries a cargo of high-explosives. On liberty, after a night of drinking in bars in the West Indies, the crew returns to the tramp steamer and set sail for Baltimore. They're a motley group: a middle-aged Irishman Driscoll ([[Thomas Mitchell , a young Swedish ex-farmer Ole Olsen , the spiteful steward Cocky ; the brooding Lord Jim-like Englishman Smitty ([[Ian Hunter , and others. After the ship picks up a load of dynamite in Baltimore, the rough seas they encounter become nerve-racking to the crew. They're also concerned that Smitty might be a German spy because he's secretive. After they force Smitty to show them his letters from home it turns out that Smitty is an alcoholic who has run away from his family. When they near port a German plane attacks the ship, killing Smitty in a burst of machine gun fire. The rest of the crew members decide not to sign on for another voyage on the Glencairn and go ashore, determined to help Ole return to his family in Sweden who he has not seen in ten years. At a seedy bar Ole is tricked into taking a drugged drink and he is shanghaied aboard another ship, the Amindra. Driscoll and the rest of the crew rescue him from the ship, but Driscoll is accidentally left behind in the confusion. As the crew straggles back to the Glencairn the next morning to sign on for another voyage, they learn that the Amindra was sunk by German torpedoes, killing all on board."] ["The camera slowly zooms out on a young woman masturbating to a porn tape. She gets up abruptly and goes out to a club, looking for sex. Leila has learned she has some power over men with sex but feels a part of her is still untouched, holding back, despite her assertiveness. Before she can choose a partner for the night she is corraled by David, into a bathroom, while his girlfriend calls through the door. She leaves, but keeps her eye on David as she picks up a shy guy, with whom she has sex against a fence outside as David watches from his car while his girlfriend makes love to him. Leila is in complete control of her encounter while David remains completely passive. He next sees her walking down the street, and follows her. She smiles but does not speak to him and breaks into a run, leading him to a playground. They crouch inside a small tunnel and watch each other as she begins to touch herself. But this time he leaves. Leila visits her parents and learns that her mother is leaving her father and selling her childhood home. Her father is devastated, staying stoned on pot and refusing to do anything while her mother clears out the house. Leila's best friend, Victoria, is getting ready to be married, but confesses that she's had sex with an old boyfriend recently, despite her insistence that she loves her fiance and is ready to settle down. Leila is sceptical but supportive, and Victoria laughs when she turns on the VCR and discovers the porn tape Leila was watching; Leila tells her nothing about David. When Leila sees David again they finally speak to each other, and he takes her home, where they make love. He asks Leila if she will go out with him on a real date, giving her his number when she leaves. They finally do go out, and begin a real romance. She meets his father, who is physically fragile but very funny, teasing her about having sex and making noise in their apartment. David cares very tenderly for the old man, who is charmingly brusque. Leila is still skittish, although she is not intimidated when David's old girlfriend confronts her at her job, declaring that David has intimacy issues. When they go back to the club again, Leila dances suggestively with a couple of men while watching David's reaction, and he is hurt and angry when they return to his place. She brushes off his fears when he confesses that he thinks of nothing but her, that he needs her, but she acts like it's all a game. He begs to her to promise that she won't leave him, and she does, but doesn't believe it herself. When David finds his father dead he turns to her for consolation but she doesn't know how to comfort him, and eventually runs away again. Without knowing anything but her first name, David can't find Leila, and turns back to his old girlfriend. Leila goes cruising for sex again, but winds up looking for him and calling him, finally arriving at his apartment. He lets her in but she is drunk and he is repulsed, turning her away and telling her not to come back, turning again to his old girlfriend. But he soon tells her to leave, knowing she isn't really who he wants. Leila picks up the shy guy again, but strikes at him in anger when he is unable to follow her peremptory commands, and she throws him out of her apartment. Leila spends time with her parents as they go their separate ways, and gets ready for the wedding. As she rides her bicycle to the ceremony David sees her and follows in his truck. He waits outside the synagogue and approaches her as everyone floods out onto the sidewalk following the wedding, and then Victoria grabs Leila's hand and she calls out to David, to ask if he's coming. At the reception David watches Leila dance with an old man, but she runs away again when he approaches her. This time he follows her all the way home, and all the way inside, telling her he won't leave her again."] ['In the 1950s rural South Carolina, pregnant, 15 year-old Anney Boatwright is asleep in the backseat of her brother-in-law, Travis’, Chevy when the car crashes into a pickup truck. She flies through the windshield and remains unconscious when she gives birth to her daughter whom her family names Ruth  and Anne . However the baby is known throughout the family as “Bone” since Ruth’s Uncle Earl proclaimed that she “looked no bigger than a knuckle bone” when she was born. Problems arise when filling out her birth certificate since no one is really sure of her biological father’s last name. Despite their attempts to smudge a name on the certificate, the hospital quickly realizes the truth and stamps “ILLEGITIMATE” onto Bone\'s birth certificate, proclaiming her a bastard. Anney is furious that the state put a label on her and her daughter and vows to Bone that she will always stick by her side and defend her. When Bone is about 2 years old, Anney and Ruth attempt to go to the courthouse and fix Bone’s birth certificate. Ruth lies and says that with all the excitement surrounding the new baby and the worry that Anney was going to die, they lost track of her husband. Despite their attempts, the man stamps “NOT CERTIFIED” on the bottom of Bone’s birth certificate. As Bone gets older, Anney vows to her that she is going to find them a kind, strong man to take care of them. She eventually marries and becomes pregnant by Lyle Parsons, a wonderfully kind man who treats Bone as his own daughter. However, shortly after the birth of their daughter, Reese, Lyle is killed in a car accident. His family blames Anney, telling her that if he hadn’t married her white trash family and needed to work two jobs he wouldn’t have been on the road the day he died. Four years later, Anney is working as a waitress when her brother, Earl, introduces her to his co-worker, Glen Waddell, who is immediately smitten with her. While Glen appears shy and kind on the surface, he suffers from severe anger issues, often manifesting themselves in fights at work. During this time, the courthouse burns down and Earl steals Bone’s birth certificate which the family takes great pleasure in burning. Anney’s mother warns her against going out with Glen, saying he appears to be possessive and angry however Anney doesn’t see it, saying its typical for all men to have a temper. So when Glen proposes Anney happily agrees and quickly becomes pregnant. Glen is convinced that the baby will be a boy, whom he hopes to name Glen Jr. The night Anney goes into labor Glen waits in the car with Bone and Reese in the backseat. After Reese falls asleep, Glen calls her up front with him where he molests her. Bone is saddened and confused, unknowing what to make of the situation. Anney does give birth to Glen’s awaited baby boy, however he is stillborn and the doctor tells her that she will no longer be able to have children. After their son’s funeral, Glen proclaims they are moving to a new home away from Anney’s family. Her family objects but Anney is so saddened she agrees. After their move, Glen catches Bone looking at a picture of her and Lyle. Glen tells Bone that he is her daddy now and asks the girls to call him so. While Reese immediately calls him daddy, Bone only grudgingly does. Angry, Glen rips up Bone’s picture which she tearfully takes the pieces to and buries. Soon after that, Glen loses his job. He turns to his father for help, which he refuses to give him. After that, the family constantly moves, never staying in the same house more than eight months. Glen becomes increasingly violent, screaming at Anney and secretly molesting Bone. Glen continuously struggles with obtaining and keeping a job, leaving no money for food. When Bone accidentally drops a pitcher of iced tea at Glen’s father’s house, his father snaps at her and attempts to hit Glen who roughly shoves his father away saying, “You can’t hurt me anymore old man” signifying that he had been physically abused as a child. A few days later, Glen yells at Bone for running around outside. When Bone walks away mocking him he chases her into the house and beats her. He later tells Anney that Bone called him a bastard and was running around destroying things. Bone tries to be careful from then on, however, her mother goes back to work leaving her alone with Glen who finds any reason to beat Bone. Ashamed, thinking she\'s bad, Bone hides her bruises from everyone, including her mother. One day Anney notices Bone is walking funny, almost limping. When her mother brings her to the hospital, the doctor angrily informs her that Bone’s tailbone is broken and that she displays evidence of physical abuse. Her mother takes her and Reese to her sister, Alma’s to stay. However, as soon as Bone heals, Anney moves back in with Glen. One day, Anney asks Bone if she would like to go stay with her Aunt Ruth and keep her company since she is extremely sick. Ruth tells Bone that Glen doesn’t hate her, he\'s just jealous of the attention Anney gives her. Bone tells Ruth she aspires to be a gospel singer someday which she encourages. Despite their closeness, Bone can’t bring herself to tell her aunt about her sexual abuse. Soon after Bone arrives home from her Aunt’s house, Anney receives word that she died, devastating her. The day of Ruth’s funeral, Glen calls for Bone but she doesn’t respond. Angry, he brings Bone into the bathroom and beats her. At the funeral, Bone’s uncle Earl lets her have a little alcohol to toast her aunt and she quickly becomes tipsy. Her Aunt Raylene finds her in the bathroom on the toilet. When she tries to help her up, she discovers the bruises and calls Bone’s uncles who beat Glen unconscious. Bone moves in with her Uncle Earl and Aunt Raylene. When Bone expresses to her Aunt how angry she is that everyone in town looks down on her and her family Raylene tells her that everyone determines their own life and to think long and hard about who she is truly angry at. As they’re talking, her Uncle Earl arrives saying her Aunt Alma has gone berserk. When they arrive at her house, Alma is on the porch screaming and crying because her husband left her and their sons after he refused to have sex with her. Again, Bone experiences the pain that husbands can inflict on their families. Anney and Reese decide to stay at Alma’s until things settle down. Anney asks Bone to stay at Alma’s with her but she refuses. When Anney asks Bone to come back and live with her, Bone again refuses to come as long as Glen still lives with her. Her days at her aunt’s are long and happy until Glen shows up at Raylene’s house looking for Anney while Raylene is gone. He asks Bone to get him a glass of iced tea and follows her into the house. Glen tells her that Anney said she refuses to come home until Bone agrees to come home. He demands Bone to tell her mother it\'s ok to come home. Bone refuses to come home explaining that she told her mother she could go home without her. Bone tells Glen to leave and threatens to tell Anney about everything he did to her. Out of anger, Glen beats and rapes the girl but is caught by Anney, who smashes a bottle over his head and carries Bone out of the house to her car. Glen stumbles out of the house after Anney screaming his apologies to Anney and saying he can’t live without her. He leans against the car door and repeatedly smashes his head against it until she strokes his head in forgiveness. Bone is taken to the hospital by her Aunt Raylene. When the cops attempt to question her about who brutalized her, she still refuses to tell and calls out for her Momma, who is nowhere to be found. Bone continues to live with her Aunt Raylene, who tries her best to help Bone through her ordeal. She tells her that her mother truly does love her and that she’ll have to live with what she did for the rest of her life and that eventually Bone will forgive her. One night Anney comes to visit Bone and explains that she never thought Bone would get hurt and apologizes for what happened. She tells Bone she loves her, but that she also loves Glen too and couldn’t leave him. She leaves Bone with a copy of her birth certificate with the words “CERTIFIED” stamped on it. Bone cries in part of the sadness of her mother’s sacrifice and for the freedom she has finally achieved. Bone\'s final words voiced from narrator Laura Dern: "Who had Momma been? What\'d she wanted to be, or do before I was born? Once I was born, her hopes turned, and I climbed up her life like a flower reaching for the sun. Her life had folded into mine. Who would I be when I was 15, 20, 30? Would I be as strong as she had been? As hungry for love? As desperate, determined and ashamed? I wouldn\'t know, that I was already who I was gonna be. Someone like her, like my Momma. A Boatwright. A bastard. A bastard outta Carolina."'] ['The movie begins with North  listening to his parents  argue about their problems at the dinner table. North has a panic attack, and begins to lose consciousness. As he does, the narrator  explains that North is having difficulties with his parents, putting a damper on what is otherwise a successful life; North is a child prodigy who is admired by many, but constantly ignored by his own parents. One day, while finding solace in a living room display at a mall, he is visited by a man in a pink bunny suit who claims to be the Easter Bunny , to whom North explains his problems. He realizes that his parents are unable to see his talents while all of the other parents in his neighborhood can. The Easter Bunny suggests that North make up with his parents. North then tells his friend Winchell , who works on the school paper, about his plan to possibly divorce himself from his parents. However, he decides to give his parents one last chance by giving them a phone call. When he is blown off by his father, North officially decides to divorce himself from his parents, hiring lawyer Arthur Belt  to do so. When the announcement of his divorce is made, his parents are shocked to the point where they are rendered comatose. With no opposition from North\'s parents, Judge Buckle  gives North one summer to go out and find his new parents or he\'ll be put in an orphanage. North\'s first stop is Texas, where he tries to spend some time with his first set of new parents . When North notices that they are attempting to fatten him up, they reveal that they want him to be more like their first son Buck, who died in a stampede. The last straw comes when his new parents stage a musical number about the horrible things they\'re going to do to him. He is later visited by a cowboy named Gabby  who convinces him to look for his new parents somewhere else. His next stop is Hawaii, where he meets Governor Ho and Mrs. Ho , who also want to adopt him due to Mrs. Ho being infertile. However, Governor Ho soon unveils a new billboard that features North in an embarrassing manner that will be installed along every major highway in the mainland; he hopes that people will become more inclined to settle in Hawaii knowing that North lives there. Humiliated, North has a conversation with a metal detector-wielding tourist  and subsequently moves to Alaska. There, he settles into an Inuit village with a father and mother ([[Graham Greene , who send their elderly grandfather  out to sea on an ice floe so that he may die with dignity. Meanwhile, North\'s real parents, still comatose, are put on display in a museum . Thanks to North\'s success, all the children in the world are threatening to leave their parents and hiring Arthur Belt as their lawyer, which propels Belt and Winchell into being the richest and most powerful people in the world. North prepares to move in with a set of Amish parents , but is quickly discouraged by the lack of electricity  and leaves in a hurry. After going to Africa, China and Paris, he finally settles in with a seemingly nice family  that treat him as their own. However, despite this near-perfect life, North still isn\'t happy and leaves. With the summer deadline fast approaching, North gives up searching for new parents and runs away to New York City. Winchell learns of North\'s appearance in New York. With the support of Belt, Winchell plans to have North assassinated and passed off as a martyr. North hides from a hit man hired to kill him when he finds out  that his parents have not only snapped out of their comas, they beg their son to forgive him and return home. He meets a comedian named Joey Fingers , who convinces North that "a bird in the hand is always greener than the grass under the other guy\'s bushes". He drives North to an airport so that he can reunite with his parents. However, the children, who have taken advantage of North\'s case up to this point, are unwilling to let North reunite with his parents and chase him down. He is saved by a FedEx truck driver , who sees himself as a guardian angel. As he rushes home to his parents before the summer is up, North is finally pursued by a hit man as he runs towards his parents\' arms. Just as he is about to be shot, North awakens in the mall, now empty, revealing that his adventures had all been a dream. North is taken back home by the man who claimed to be the Easter Bunny , and is greeted by a warm embrace from his parents.'] ['The film depicts two days in the lives of four real estate salesmen who are supplied with names and phone numbers of leads  and regularly use underhanded and dishonest tactics to make sales. Many of the leads rationed out by the office manager are impoverished individuals lacking either the money or the desire to actually invest in land. Blake  is sent by Mitch and Murray  to motivate the salesmen. Blake unleashes a torrent of verbal abuse on the men and announces that only the top two sellers will be allowed access to the more promising Glengarry leads and the rest of them will be fired. Shelley "The Machine" Levene , a once-successful salesman now in a long-running slump and with a sick daughter, knows that he will lose his job soon if he cannot generate sales. He tries to convince office manager John Williamson  to give him some of the Glengarry leads, but Williamson refuses. Levene tries first to charm Williamson, then to threaten him, and finally to bribe him. Williamson is willing to sell some of the prime leads, but demands cash in advance. Levene cannot come up with the cash and leaves without any good leads. Dave Moss  and George Aaronow  complain about Mitch and Murray, and Moss proposes that they strike back at the two by stealing all the Glengarry leads and selling them to a competing real estate agency. Moss\'s plan requires Aaronow to break into the office, stage a burglary and steal all of the prime leads. Aaronow wants no part of the plan, but Moss tries to coerce him, saying that Aaronow is already an accessory before the fact simply because he knows about the proposed burglary. At a nearby bar, Ricky Roma , the office\'s top "closer," delivers a long, disjointed but compelling monologue to a meek, middle-aged man named James Lingk . Roma does not broach the subject of a real estate deal until he has completely won Lingk over with his speech. Framing it as being an opportunity rather than a purchase, Roma plays upon Lingk\'s feelings of insecurity. The salesmen come into the office the following morning to find that there has been a burglary and the Glengarry leads have been stolen. Williamson and the police question each of the salesmen in private. After his interrogation, Moss leaves in disgust, only after having one last shouting match with Roma. During the cycle of interrogations, Lingk arrives to tell Roma that his wife has told him to cancel the deal. Scrambling to salvage the deal, Roma tries to deceive Lingk by telling him that the check he wrote the night before has yet to be cashed, and that accordingly he has time to reason with his wife and reconsider. Levene abets Roma by pretending to be a wealthy investor and friend of Roma\'s who just happens to be on his way to the airport. Williamson, unaware of Roma and Levene\'s stalling tactic, lies to Lingk, claiming that he already deposited his check in the bank. Upset, Lingk rushes out of the office, threatening to contact the state\'s attorney, and Roma berates Williamson for what he has done. Roma then enters Williamson\'s office to take his turn being interrogated by the police. Levene, proud of an unlikely sale he made that morning, takes the opportunity to mock Williamson in private. In his zeal to get back at Williamson, Levene carelessly reveals that he knows Williamson left Lingk\'s check on his desk and did not make the bank run the previous night—something only the man who broke into the office would know. Williamson catches Levene\'s slip-of-the-tongue quickly and compels Levene to admit that he broke into the office. Levene eventually breaks down and admits that he and Moss conspired to steal the leads to sell to a competitor. Levene attempts to bribe Williamson with a large portion of all his future sales in exchange for keeping quiet about the burglary. Williamson scoffs at the suggestion and tells Levene that the buyers to whom he made his sale earlier that day, Bruce and Harriet Nyborg, are in fact bankrupt and delusional and just enjoy talking to salesmen. Levene, crushed by this revelation, asks Williamson why he seeks to ruin him. Williamson coldly responds, "Because I don\'t like you." Levene makes a last-ditch attempt at gaining sympathy from Williamson by mentioning his sick daughter, but Williamson cruelly rebuffs him and leaves to inform the detective about Levene\'s part in the burglary. Unaware of Levene\'s guilt, Roma walks out of the office for lunch and talks to Levene about forming a business partnership before the detective starts calling for Levene. The film ends as Levene walks, defeated, into Williamson\'s office.'] ['The film follows young Paul Baumer, who during World War I enlists in the Imperial German Army with many of his high school friends, after being indoctrinated by their teacher  as to the glory and superiority of German culture. After surviving training camp under the sadistic Corporal Himmelstoss , the enthusiastic young men board a troop train bound for the front lines. Ominously, at the same moment, they notice another train arriving in town loaded with wounded returning soldiers, who are carried off on stretchers. Once at the front lines, they are placed under the supervision of a pragmatic, yet good-natured older soldier, Stanislaus Katzinsky, called "Kat" . Kat teaches them how to best take cover, how to find extra food, and other survival skills. The film focuses on the suffering and tragedy caused by war, particularly the horrors endured by the young men serving in it. At the beginning, the French and German armies are shown attacking each other repeatedly over a few hundred yards of torn, corpse-strewn land. Paul\'s weak friend Franz Kemmerich is wounded, and soon dies in a crowded army hospital attended by nuns, which is shown in the film. In spite of being distraught by his friend\'s death, Paul returns to the trenches with his troop. When a French soldier falls into a crater Paul is hiding in, Paul stabs the man in the stomach with his bayonet, then after spending the night with him, tries to bandage the dying soldier\'s wounds, after which he dies. Paul escapes the crater feeling terrible for what he has done, and it reflects on the meaninglessness of the war. Another comrade, after falling into a pit of poison gas, is carried off by the medics to a slow, suffering death; the medics had appeared before Kat could give him mercy. The troop\'s panicked horses, terrified, shriek hysterically as they are surrounded by burning buildings, and artillery fire. When Paul and his battalion return to a French town for a rest week, they see the new recruits have grown younger and younger. To their delight, the leader of these new recruits is their recently demoted training officer, Himmelstoss. When Himmelstoss tries to make them obey him, they stand up to him, leaving him frustrated. Later in the trenches, while the Germans are launching an offensive attack, he sees a squad cowering in a crater, which includes Himmelstoss. Paul pushes Himmelstoss to force him to keep on the offensive. Although at one point, Paul and two of his friends do have their first experience of sex , the vast majority of all the young men\'s experiences are horrific. One by one, practically all of Paul\'s other schoolmate friends die, one way or another. A haughty, stiff Kaiser Wilhelm II visits their camp to ceremoniously pin medals on heroic soldiers, which includes Himmelstoss. Paul\'s squad is attacked in a French Town close to the front, where one of his friends dies and another is severely wounded. Paul, who is also wounded, is granted leave. When home on furlough, Paul is told by his sister that their bedridden mother , is dying of cancer. In visits to a beer garden and his former classroom, Paul realizes that his town\'s older men, in their enthusiasm for war, have no sense of the horrors they have sent their youth to. He also visits Kemmerich\'s mother and lies to her that he did not suffer. Just before the end of the film, Kat is wounded by an artillery burst and Paul carries his larger, heavier, older friend many miles to a field hospital . There he finds out that Kat is dead, having been killed by a shell fragment to the head while Paul was carrying him, a few miles before he reached the church. The film ends with Paul writing a letter to his friend , who is now an amputee. He reveals the fate of all of his classmates, some are dead, some are missing, one was caught after deserting, one is mad and he and Paul are the only ones left. When he finishes, he goes to check on the drastically underage replacements , guarding the trench, taking the position of the most experienced man on the battlefield, like Kat was before him. He spots a bird and begins to sketch it, and when the bird starts to fly away Paul stands up more, to see where it went, exposing himself above the trench parapet. A lone sniper\'s shot rings out, killing him. A telegram with the film\'s title is shown to the viewer, revealing an infamous segment from a report issued by the German High Command. It also shows how close Baumer had come to surviving the conflict.'] ['An aircraft carrying young military school cadets returning home crash lands into the sea near a remote, uninhabited, jungle island. Among the survivors is the pilot, Captain Benson , who is seriously injured and delirious. On the island, an overweight cadet, whose real name is not revealed, but gets nicknamed “Piggy” , finds a conch seashell and takes it to the group of cadets, who adopt it to signal the right to speak and be heard by the group. Ralph , the most senior cadet , and one of the oldest boys, calls a meeting to discuss surviving their predicament. Ralph and Jack  emerge dominant, with Ralph\'s seniority in rank making him the one in charge. Tensions begin to grow between Ralph, focused on rescue, and Jack, focused on hunting and survivng, however, and the group eventually becomes divided between the two leaders when Jack, tired of listening to Ralph and Piggy, leaves and forms his own camp, taking a majority of the boys with him. One night, as they sleep, the delusional Capt. Benson wanders into the jungle, eventually making his way to a cave deep inland. Later, one of the boys, Larry , in the darkness of the cave, mistakes Capt. Benson for a wild animal and kills him. Expecting to be rescued, Ralph\'s civilized leadership maintains a permanent signal-fire to alert passing ships of their presence on the island. Not expecting to be rescued, Jack\'s savage leadership adapts to circumstance; he establishes his camp as spear-bearing hunters. They kill a wild pig and leave its head as an offering to "the beast" that they believe is in the cave. One night, using a glow stick, Simon  explores the cave where the “beast” was killed, and discovers the cadaver of Capt. Benson. He runs to alert the boys of his discovery, interrupting a tense meeting of the two groups. Before he can do so, however, Simon\'s waving of the light leads him to be mistaken for the beast and Jack\'s group stabs him to death with their spears as Ralph and Piggy watch in horror. Later, Piggy\'s glasses are stolen by Jack\'s group. Piggy and Ralph travel to Jack\'s camp, attempting to call a meeting using the conch. Piggy insists that everyone be sensible and work together, but Jack\'s savage followers refuse to listen. As they jeer him, Roger  pushes a boulder off a cliff and smashes Piggy\'s head, causing his death. A distraught Ralph swears that Jack will not get away with this, but Jack declares that Ralph is now on his own as Simon and Piggy are dead and all the other cadets have defected and joined Jack. Jack and his savages throw stones at Ralph to drive him away. The next day, Jack and his hunters begin setting the jungle on fire to force Ralph out of hiding so they can kill him. Just barely dodging the spreading fire and Jack\'s hunters, Ralph makes a desperate run to the sea, where he encounters a United States Marine Corps officer  who has just landed on the island with other Marines. He is surprised to see them there, and asks what they are doing. Ralph begins to sob while a shocked, guilty, and horrified Jack and his stunned hunters look on in silence.'] ['By 2017, the global economy has collapsed and American society has become an totalitarian police state, censoring all cultural activity. The government pacifies the populace by broadcasting a number of game shows in which convicted criminals fight for their lives, including the gladiator-style The Running Man, hosted by the ruthless Damon Killian, where "runners" attempt to evade "stalkers" and certain death for a chance to be pardoned and set free. Eighteen months later, Ben Richards, a military pilot who was convicted of a massacre  which he actually refused to participate in, escapes from a labor camp with other inmates and flees to a shanty town on the outskirts of Los Angeles. Declining an offer to join a resistance movement, Richards instead seeks shelter at his brother\'s apartment. He finds it is now occupied by Amber Mendez, a composer for ICS, the network that broadcasts The Running Man. Richards attempts to flee to Hawaii with Amber as a hostage, but she alerts airport security and Richards is captured and taken to the ICS studios. Killian coerces him to compete in The Running Man with the threat that if he declines, his two weaker escapee friends&mdash;Laughlin and Weiss&mdash;will be put on the show instead. Richards complies, but as the show begins, Killian reveals that Laughlin and Weiss have been enrolled as runners anyway. Richards and his friends are attacked by the first stalker, "Subzero", but Richards kills him instead using barbed wire as a garrotte. This shocks the audience, as this is the first stalker to ever die on the show. Laughlin and Weiss, both members of the aforementioned resistance movement, seek to exploit their current situation by searching for the network\'s uplink facilities, which they realise are within the game zone. Meanwhile, Amber begins to question the media\'s veracity after watching a falsified news report on Richards\' capture. Amber discovers the truth about the massacre, but she is captured and subsequently sent into the game zone, where she encounters Richards and the others. The runners split up, each pair pursued by a different stalker. Laughlin is mortally wounded by the stalker "Buzzsaw", whom Richards kills with Buzzsaw\'s own chainsaw. Weiss and Amber are successful in locating the uplink system and learning the access codes, but Weiss is electrocuted by the stalker "Dynamo". Amber\'s screams lead Richards to her, and as the two evade the stalker, Dynamo\'s buggy flips, trapping him inside. Richards then stuns the audience by merely pinning Dynamo in the vehicle, proclaiming that he will not kill a helpless man. Amber and Richards return to Laughlin, who reveals that the resistance has a hideout within the game zone before finally dying. Back at the ICS studio, Killian sees Richards\' popularity growing, with viewers betting for Richards to win instead on the stalkers. Off-camera, Killian offers Richards a job as a stalker, which Richards furiously declines. As the next stalker, "Fireball", pursues Amber and Richards into an abandoned factory, Amber inadvertently finds the charred bodies of the previous season\'s "winning"  runners. Fireball attempts to kill Amber, but Richards rescues her and kills Fireball with his own weaponry. Running out of options, a frustrated Killian uses computer-generated imagery to fake the deaths of Richards and Amber in the final match of the episode, a falsified battle against retired stalker "Captain Freedom". In the game zone, Richards and Amber are captured by the resistance and taken to their hideout, where they learn of their "deaths" on the show. Using the access codes provided by Amber, the resistance takes over the ICS satellite. Richards leads the rebels to the ICS studios where they seize the control room, allowing the resistance to broadcast unedited footage of Richards\' part in the Bakersfield massacre. Richards then heads to the main studio floor, shocking the live and at-home audiences who had watched him supposedly die. Amber encounters Dynamo, but she kills him when an errant gunshot sets off the sprinkler system, electrocuting him when the water hits his electrically powered suit. Richards confronts Killian, now shamed and disgraced before those watching and desperately attempting to prove his point by explaining that he had created the show for huge ratings and to appease American viewers\' love for television, action and violence. Ignoring the excuse, Richards sends Killian into the game zone aboard a rocket sled, which flies into a billboard featuring Killian himself and explodes, killing him instantly, much to the delight of the live television audience. The film ends with Richards and Amber sharing a kiss as they walk off the studio.'] ['The movie deals with love and its various incarnations, set within a community of friends in Portland, Oregon. Harry Stevenson  narrates about how love can affect one\'s life.  Bradley run a small cafe in Portland. He has been married to his wife Kathryn for some time. However, their marriage becomes strained. Soon enough Kathryn begins a lesbian relationship with a woman, Jenny, she meets playing softball and leaves Bradley. The divorce affects Bradley greatly, but he soon finds love again in Diana, a realtor who also has a past with a married man named David. Though she ends her affair with David to marry Bradley they ultimately declare they are in love with each other and Diana leaves Bradley, again devastating him. Now twice divorced Bradley suffers a mini-breakdown and stabs himself in the hand. As he is getting stitched up in the hospital he falls for his doctor, Margaret. In the film\'s conclusion the two are revealed to marry.  Oscar is a young man working at Bradley\'s cafe who soon meets and falls in love with a girl named Chloe. However, Oscar is revealed to be living with his alcoholically abusive father, Bat. When Chloe visits a fortune teller, she reveals that Oscar will die. Chloe, though upset at first, straightens her resolve about her love for Oscar and their future together. Coming home, she urges Oscar that they get married immediately. At the wedding, Chloe reveals to Harry that she is pregnant, and plans to have another baby right after due to Harry\'s advice of having "two." In the film\'s conclusion as everybody gathers for an afternoon in the park Oscar collapses, and despite attempts to get him to a hospital he dies of a heart defect due to the heavy traffic. Then Bat attempts to avenge his son\'s death by harming Chloe but Harry scares him off and asks if he and his wife Esther can adopt Chloe.  Diana is a successful realtor and has been carrying on an affair with the married David. Though she asks him numerous times to leave his wife, Karen, of 11 years he cannot bring himself to do it. Their relationship becomes even more volatile when Diana begins dating Bradley and falls in love with him. David persists he loves Diana, but unable to leave his wife, Diana marries Bradley and ends their affair. However, their love is later rekindled when Karen discovers her husband was cheating, leaving him. Free at last, David and Diana have an emotional confrontation in the park that ends with a kiss that Bradley sees, fueling their divorce and Bradley stabbing himself. In the film\'s conclusion Diana and David are shown as a public and functionally happy couple.  Harry and his wife Esther have been married a long time. Harry is a patron at Bradley\'s cafe and often provides the younger generation with advice on love. However, it is revealed that Harry and Esther are masking their own grief after the death of their adult son, Aaron. Harry reveals the nature of his son\'s death to Chloe, whom he and Esther grow very close to. Harry has also been struggling with the decision of going back to work as a Professor at a university. In the film\'s conclusion after Oscar\'s death he and Esther offer to adopt a now widowed and pregnant Chloe, who tearfully accepts their offer.'] ["Set in 1990 amidst the First Gulf War, Towelhead tells the coming-of-age story of a 13-year-old Lebanese American girl named Jasira . She first lives with her mother in Syracuse, New York, but when her mother's live-in boyfriend helps Jasira shave her pubic hair, her mother sends Jasira to live with her old-fashioned and domineering Lebanese father Rifat  in suburban Houston, Texas. There, Jasira experiences a sexual awakening, sparked in part by the adult magazines she finds when baby-sitting the next-door neighbor boy Zach Vuoso . Jasira is alienated from her father: he is strict and does not allow her to use tampons; also he prefers spending time with his new girlfriend rather than with her. She has mixed feelings about Zach's father Mr. Vuoso . She prefers her classmate Thomas Bradley , who is sexually interested in her, but does not act without permission. She then goes on to be sexually active with him. Nevertheless she accepts when Mr. Vuoso, pretending he has to go to Iraq the next morning, asks to have sex with her. A female neighbor, Melina , offers Jasira her house as a refuge, and Jasira hides there when her father beats her upon finding out that she had an adult magazine, given to her by Vuoso. Eventually, she tells her father and the neighbors about having sex with Mr. Vuoso, and he is arrested for rape."] ['Young Sharon Curley becomes pregnant, but refuses to tell anyone who the father is. She decides to keep the baby  and her family, each in their own way, eventually decides to support her. Her father particularly studies up on childbirth and female anatomy . Soon after a wild night at the pub, twenty-year-old Sharon Curley  finds herself expecting a little "snapper" by a man she loathes. Her refusal to name the father sets in motion a family drama involving her three brothers, two sisters, and her parents, along with her employers and all her friends. Kellegher, playing the role as a coarse, earthy, yet remarkably sensible young woman  soon discovers who her friends really are, as some people tease and torment her, some make remarks to her siblings, some force her father to take direct action in her defense, and all spread gossip. Des Curley , Sharon\'s father, shows the whole world in his face, his emotions ranging from outrage toward Sharon for embarrassing the family to tender concern as her time draws near. As the eight-member family trips all over each other emotionally , the tensions within the family grow more intense. Widespread speculation about who the father is disrupts the neighborhood, with some hotheads visiting their own brand of justice on the Curleys. The arrival of the baby offers a chance at resolution. It turns out that Sharon\'s friend\'s father, Georgie Burgess, got her pregnant by taking advantage of her while she was drunk. Sharon\'s story is that it was a Spanish sailor, but the whole town suspects the truth.'] ["Before returning to England to become the new Foreign Secretary, writer, soldier and diplomat Robert Conway  has one last task in 1935 China: to rescue 90 Westerners in the city of Baskul. He flies out with the last few evacuees, just ahead of armed revolutionaries. Unbeknownst to the passengers, the pilot has been replaced and their aircraft hijacked. It eventually runs out of fuel and crashes deep in the Himalayan Mountains, killing their abductor. The group is rescued by Chang  and his men and taken to Shangri-La, an idyllic valley sheltered from the bitter cold. The contented inhabitants are led by the mysterious High Lama ([[Sam Jaffe . Initially anxious to return to civilization, most of the newcomers grow to love Shangri-La, including paleontologist Alexander Lovett , swindler Henry Barnard ([[Thomas Mitchell  and bitter, terminally ill Gloria Stone , who miraculously seems to be recovering. Conway is particularly enchanted, especially when he meets Sondra , who has grown up in Shangri-La. However, Conway's younger brother George ([[John Howard , and Maria ([[Margo , another beautiful young woman they find there, are determined to leave. Conway eventually has an audience with the High Lama and learns that his arrival was no accident. The founder of Shangri-La is said to be hundreds of years old, preserved, like the other residents, by the magical properties of the paradise he has created, but is finally dying and needs someone wise and knowledgeable in the ways of the modern world to keep it safe. Having read Conway's writings, Sondra believed he was the one; the Lama had agreed with her and arranged for Conway's abduction. The old man names Conway as his successor and then peacefully passes away. George refuses to believe the Lama's fantastic story and is supported by Maria. Uncertain and torn between love and loyalty, Conway reluctantly gives in to his brother and they leave, taking Maria with them, despite being warned that she is much older than she appears. After several days of grueling travel, she becomes exhausted and falls face down in the snow. When they turn her over, they discover that she had become extremely old and died. Her departure from Shangri-La had restored Maria to her true age. Horrified, George loses his sanity and jumps to his death. Conway continues on and eventually meets up with a search party sent to find him, although the ordeal has caused him to lose his memory of Shangri-La. On the voyage back to England, he remembers everything; he tells his story and then jumps ship. The searchers track him back to the Himalayas, but are unable to follow him any further. Conway manages to return to Shangri-La."] ['The story, loosely based on actual events, takes place in March 1943, when World War II was at its height. The cryptanalysts at Bletchley Park, Buckinghamshire, have a problem: the Nazi U-boats have changed one of their code reference books used for Enigma machine ciphers, leading to a blackout in the flow of vital naval signals intelligence. The British cryptanalysts have cracked the "Shark" cipher once before, and they need to do it again in order to keep track of U-boat locations. The film begins with Jericho returning to Bletchley after a month recovering from a nervous breakdown brought on by his failed love affair with Claire. Jericho immediately tries to see her again and finds that she mysteriously disappeared a few days earlier. He enlists the help of Claire\'s housemate Hester Wallace, to follow the trail of clues and learn what has happened to Claire. Mr. Jericho and Miss Wallace, as they formally address each other, work to decipher intercepts stolen by Claire and determine why she took them. Jericho is closely watched by an MI5 agent, Wigram , who plays cat and mouse with him throughout the film. Meanwhile U-Boats closing in on one of the ship convoys from America allow Jericho and the team to work on breaking back into reading Shark. Jericho and Hester\'s research uncovers the British government\'s cover-up of the Katyn Massacre for fear knowledge of it might weaken American willingness to remain in the war on the same side as Joseph Stalin. Cryptanalyst Jozef \'Puck\' Pukowski , working at the Park, learned of Katyn from Claire and was so incensed by the massacre – which claimed the life of his brother – that he set about betraying Bletchley\'s secrets to the Nazis in order to take revenge on Stalin. Claire is presumed dead as Jericho trails Puck to Scotland and catches up with him just as he is about to be taken on board a U-boat, but Wigram and the police have been waiting for the sub and it is bombed and sunk. A short scene after the war sees Jericho and Hester married with a child on the way. As Jericho waits for her in London, he notices Claire walking across the square.'] ['Given incredible power by an ancient Celtic Cross, Callan  along with the help of weapon experts Riot , Backfire , War , Lucia  and Shark  battle an unstoppable evil empire led by Erlik  in the city of Los Angeles. When an ancient Viking called Gunnar,  comes to town in search of blood, Callan must stop him before he destroys the world. Erlik  and his men Saw , London gangster English  and Slag  aided by the evil Doctor  aim to defeat Callan by helping Gunnar. Detective Nitti  plans to find Callan and his team before they do his job for him.'] ["The story follows a young boy named Leo, who is invited by a school friend to spend his summer holidays at a Norfolk country house during the early 1900s. While Leo stays there, he finds himself a 'go-between' caught up between the daughter of his host and a poor neighbor she loves. Dominic Guard plays the young Leo and Michael Redgrave plays the same character in old age. Pinter's screenplay{{spaced ndash}} his final collaboration with Losey, following The Servant  and Accident <ref nameOctober 2012}} {{cite web}}"] ['The movie deals with the main character, Elling, an autistic man in his 40s, and his struggle to function normally in society. He suffers from anxiety, dizziness, and neurotic tendencies, preventing him from living on his own. Elling has lived with his mother for his entire life, and when his mother dies, the authorities take him from the apartment where he has always lived and send him to an institution. His roommate is the simpleminded, sex-obsessed Kjell Bjarne. The Norwegian government pays for the two to move into an apartment in Oslo, where every day is a challenge as they must prove they can get out into the real world and lead relatively normal lives. With the help of social worker Frank and a few new friends, they learn to break free from their respective conditions.'] ['Three young women meet when they embark on their careers. Neely O\'Hara  is a plucky kid with undeniable talent who sings in a Broadway show, the legendary actress Helen Lawson  is the star of the play, and Jennifer North , a beautiful blonde with limited talent, is in the chorus. Anne Welles  is a New England ingenue who recently arrived in New York City and works for a theatrical agency that represents Helen Lawson. Neely, Jennifer, and Anne become fast friends, sharing the bonds of ambition and the tendency to fall in love with the wrong men. O\'Hara is fired from the show because Lawson considers her a threat. Assisted by Lyon Burke, an attorney from Anne\'s theatrical agency, she makes appearances on telethons and other small but noticeable events. She becomes an overnight success and moves to Hollywood to pursue a lucrative film career. Once she\'s a star, though, Neely not only duplicates the egotistical behavior of Lawson, she also falls victim to the eponymous "dolls": prescription drugs, particularly the barbiturates Seconal and Nembutal and various stimulants. She betrays her husband , her career is shattered by erratic behavior and she is committed to a sanitarium. Jennifer has followed Neely\'s path to Hollywood, where she marries nightclub singer Tony Polar  and becomes pregnant. When she learns that he has the hereditary condition Huntington\'s chorea, a fact his domineering half-sister and manager Miriam  had been concealing, Jennifer has an abortion. Faced with Tony\'s mounting medical expenses, Jennifer finds herself working in French "art films"  to pay the bills. Anne, having become a highly successful model, also falls under the allure of "dolls" to escape her doomed relationship with cad Lyon Burke , who has an affair with Neely. Jennifer is diagnosed with breast cancer and needs a mastectomy. Jennifer phones her mother, seeking moral support. The mother is only concerned with the reaction from her friends at Jennifer\'s "art films." The mother also reminds Jennifer of her own financial needs. Faced with this, Jennifer succumbs to depression and commits suicide with an overdose of "dolls." With the money from her life insurance plus his own savings, Tony is able to spend the rest of his life in a sanitarium where he is well cared for. Neely, committed to the same institution to recover from her addictions, meets him there and they sing a duet at one of the sanitarium\'s weekly parties. Neely is released from the sanitarium and given a chance to resurrect her career, but the attraction of "dolls" and alcohol proves too strong and she spirals into a hellish decline. Anne abandons drugs and her unfaithful lover and returns to New England. Lyon Burke ends his affair with Neely and asks Anne to marry him, but she is moving on with her life.'] ['Claire Ward  hires private investigator John Marsh  to look into the increasingly bizarre activities of her husband Charles Dexter Ward . Ward has become obsessed with the occult practices of raising the dead once practiced by his ancestor Joseph Curwen . As the investigators dig deeper, they discover that Ward is performing a series of grisly experiments in an effort to actually resurrect his long-dead relative Curwen.'] ['Griet  is a shy girl living in the Dutch Republic in 1665. Her father, a Delftware painter, has recently gone blind, rendering him unable to work and putting his family in a precarious financial situation. Consequently, Griet is sent to work as a maid in the unhappy household of the painter Johannes Vermeer . Griet works hard, almost wordlessly, in the lowest position in a harsh hierarchy, where even one of the Vermeer\'s children treats her spitefully. On a routine shopping trip outside the house, a butcher\'s son, Pieter , is quickly taken with Griet, though she is slow to return his affections. As Griet cleans Vermeer\'s studio, which his wife Catharina  never enters, they become casually acquainted and he encourages her appreciation of painting, light and color. Vermeer gives her lessons in mixing paints and other tasks, taking care to keep this secret from his thin-lipped wife, who would react very jealously if she found out that her husband was spending time with Griet. In contrast, Vermeer\'s pragmatic mother-in-law, Maria Thins , sees Griet as useful to Vermeer\'s career. Vermeer\'s rich patron Van Ruijven  notices Griet on a visit to the Vermeer household and asks the painter if he will give her up to him to work in his own house, a situation which ruined a previous girl. Vermeer refuses, but accepts a commission to paint a portrait of Griet for Van Ruijven. As Vermeer secretly works on the eponymous painting, Catharina\'s growing jealousy of Griet becomes apparent. While Griet suffers through her fascination with Vermeer and his paintings, she also has to fend off Van Ruijven\'s attempt to rape her. Soon afterwards, Catharina\'s mother summons Griet, hands over her daughter\'s pearl earrings and instructs Griet to finish the painting while Catharina is away for the day. At the final painting session Vermeer pierces Griet\'s earlobe so she can wear one of the pearl earrings for the portrait, in the process sexually arousing Griet, who then runs to Pieter to be consoled. In the aftermath, Pieter proposes marriage, but she sadly turns him down. She then returns the earrings to Catharina\'s mother. Catharina discovers that Griet used her earrings, accusing her mother of complicity and orders Vermeer to show her the painting he and Griet have been working on. Heartbroken that Vermeer does not consider her worthy of being painted because she "doesn\'t understand," Catharina tries but fails to destroy the painting, then banishes Griet from the house forever. Vermeer does not object, and Griet leaves the house in shock. Later, Griet is visited by the cook from the house, who comes bearing a gift: a sealed packet containing the blue headscarf she wore in the painting, which is wrapped around Catharina\'s pearl earrings.'] ['In 1787, the Bounty sets sail from England for Tahiti under the command of captain William Bligh . Her mission is to transport breadfruit to Jamaica, where hopefully it will thrive and provide a cheap source of food for the slaves. The difficult voyage gets off to a difficult start with the discovery that some cheese is missing. Bligh, the true pilferer, is accused of the theft by seaman John Mills , and Bligh has Mills brutally flogged for showing contempt to his superior officer, to the disgust of his patrician second-in-command, 1st Lieutenant Fletcher Christian . The tone for the months to come is summarized by Bligh\'s ominous pronouncement that "cruelty with a purpose is not cruelty, it is efficiency." Aristocrat Christian is deeply offended by his ambitious captain. Bligh attempts to reach Tahiti sooner by attempting the shorter westbound route around Cape Horn, a navigational nightmare. The strategy fails and the Bounty backtracks east, costing the mission much time. Singleminded Bligh attempts to make up the lost time by pushing the crew harder and cutting their rations. When the Bounty reaches her destination, the crew revels in the easygoing life of the tropical paradise — and in the free-love philosophies of the Tahitian women. Christian himself is smitten with Maimiti , daughter of the Tahitian king. Bligh\'s agitation is further fueled by a dormancy period of the breadfruit: more months of delay until the plants can be transplanted. As departure day nears, three men, including seaman Mills, attempt to desert but are caught by Christian and clapped in irons by Bligh. On the return voyage, Bligh attempts to bring back twice the number of breadfruit plants to atone for his tardiness, and must reduce the water rations of the crew to water the extra plants. One member of the crew falls from the rigging to his death while attempting to retrieve the drinking ladle. Another assaults Bligh over conditions on the ship and is fatally keelhauled. Mills taunts Christian after each death, trying to egg him on to challenge Bligh. When a crewmember becomes gravely ill from drinking seawater, Christian attempts to give him fresh water in violation of the Captain\'s orders. Bligh strikes Christian when he ignores his second order to stop. In response, Christian strikes Bligh. Bligh informs Christian that he will hang for his action when they reach port. With nothing left to lose, Christian takes command of the ship and sets Bligh and the loyalist members of the crew adrift in the longboat with navigational equipment, telling them to make for a local island. Bligh decides instead to cross much of the Pacific in order to reach British authorities sooner and arrives back in England with remarkable speed. Christian sails back to Tahiti to pick up the girlfriends of the crew, then on to remote and wrongly-charted Pitcairn Island to hide from the wrath of the Royal Navy. Once on Pitcairn, Christian decides that it is their duty to return to England and testify to Bligh\'s wrongdoing and asks his men to sail with him. To prevent this possibility they set the ship on fire and Christian is fatally burned while trying to save it.'] ['Norwood Pratt  has just finished his enlistment in the United States Marine Corps and is on his way home from Vietnam. A musician, his one great ambition is to appear on the radio program Louisiana Hayride. Along the way, Norwood meets a variety of characters, including a flim-flam man , a jaded would-be starlet  and his Marine buddy Joe Reese . However, the most important person that he meets is Rita Lee Chipman , the "right kind of girl," who is unfortunately an unwed, soon-to-be mother . She supports him and is there when Norwood finally reaches the KWKH studio as his dream comes true. The final scene shows her proudly watching Norwood as he goes on the air with the Hayride.'] ['The film is presented in a nonlinear narrative, jumping back and forth between McCandless\'s time spent in Alaskan wilderness and his two-year travels leading up to his journey to Alaska. The plot summary here is told in a more chronological order. In May 1992, Christopher McCandless  arrives in a remote area just north of the Denali National Park and Preserve in Alaska and sets up a campsite in an abandoned bus. At first, McCandless is content with the isolation, the beauty of nature around him, and the thrill of living off the land. He hunts wild animals with a .22 caliber rifle, reads books, and keeps a diary of his thoughts as he prepares for himself a new life in the wild. Two years earlier in May 1990, McCandless graduated with high honors from Emory University in Atlanta, Georgia. Shortly afterwards, McCandless rejects his conventional life by destroying all of his credit cards and identification documents. He donates nearly all of his entire savings of $24,000 to Oxfam and sets out on a cross-country drive in his well-used, but reliable Datsun to experience life in the wilderness. However, McCandless does not tell his parents Walt  and Billie McCandless  nor his sister Carine  what he is doing or where he is going, and refuses to keep in touch with them after his departure, leaving them to become increasingly anxious and eventually desperate. At Lake Mead, Arizona, McCandless\' car is caught in a flash flood causing him to abandon it and begin hitchhiking instead. He burns what remains of his dwindling cash supply and assumes a new name: "Alexander Supertramp." In Northern California, McCandless encounters a hippie couple named Jan Burres  and Rainey . Rainey tells McCandless about his failing relationship with Jan, which McCandless would rekindle. By September, McCandless stops in Carthage, South Dakota to work for a contract harvesting company owned by Wayne Westerberg , but he is forced to leave after Westerberg is arrested for satellite piracy. McCandless then travels to the Colorado River and, though told by park rangers that he may not kayak down the river without a license, ignores their warnings and paddles downriver until he eventually arrives in Mexico. There, his kayak is lost in a dust storm and he crosses back into the United States on foot. Unable to hitchhike, he starts traveling on freight trains to Los Angeles, California. Not long after arriving, however, he starts feeling "corrupted" by modern civilization and decides to leave. Later, McCandless is forced to switch his traveling method back to hitchhiking after he is beaten by the railroad police. In December 1991, McCandless arrives at Slab City in the Imperial Valley region of California, and encounters Jan and Rainey again. There, he meets Tracy Tatro , a teenage girl who shows interest in McCandless, but he rejects her because she is underage. After the holidays, McCandless decides to continue heading for Alaska, much to everyone\'s sadness. While camping near Salton City, California, McCandless encounters Ron Franz , a retired man who recounts the story of the loss of his family in a car accident while he was serving in the United States Army. He now occupies his time in a workshop as an amateur leather worker. Franz teaches McCandless the craft of leatherwork, resulting in the making of a belt that details McCandless\' travels. After spending several months with Franz, McCandless decides to leave for Alaska despite Franz\'s upset, who has become quite close to McCandless. On a parting note, Franz gives McCandless his old camping and travel gear along with the offer to adopt him as his grandchild, but McCandless simply tells him that they should discuss this after he returns from Alaska; then departs. Four months later at the abandoned bus, life for McCandless becomes harder and he becomes less discerning. As his supplies begin to run out, he realizes that nature is also harsh and uncaring. In the pain of realization, McCandless concludes that true happiness can only be found when shared with others and seeks to return from the wild to his friends and family. However, he finds that the stream he had crossed during the winter has become wide, deep, and violent due to the thaw, and he is unable to cross. Saddened, he returns to the bus, now as a prisoner who is no longer in control of his fate and can only hope for help from the outside. In a desperate act, McCandless is forced to gather and eat roots and plants, but he confuses similar plants and eat a poisonous one, thus as a result falls sick. Slowly dying, he continues to document his process of self-realization and accepts his fate, as he imagines his family for one last time. He writes a farewell to the world and crawls into his sleeping bag to die. Two weeks later, his body is found by moose hunters. Shortly afterwards, Carine returns her brother\'s ashes by airplane from Alaska to Virginia in her backpack.'] ['{{Expand section}} He has gone 84 days without a catch - his only friend, a young boy , is barred by his father from accompanying him to sea. On the 85th day the old man hooks a huge marlin. For three days and nights he battles the fish as a trial of mental and physical courage--and the ultimate test of his worth as a man.'] ["{{Expand section}} Jack Ryan  is a Vietnam veteran with a criminal record. He gets fired from his job as a migrant laborer on a California produce farm run by Bob Rodgers  after hitting one of his Mexican co-workers in the face with a baseball bat. Ryan meets the beautiful Nancy Barker , the secretary and mistress to the unscrupulous owner of the farm Ray Ritchie ([[James Daly . Ryan finally gets a job as a handyman at a local motel owned by Sam Mirakian  a local justice-of-the-peace. Nancy asks Ryan to help her rob Ritchie's safe in his house which allegedly has more than $50,000 of payroll money for the Mexican migrant workers. After she causes an auto accident that injures two young men, Ryan wants no more to do with her. Jack has become distrustful of Nancy due to her erratic and unstable behavior. He reluctantly agrees to help with the heist due to her threat of blaming him for the accident."] ['{{Expand section}} The story revolves around an attempt to keep alive the brain of millionaire megalomaniac W.H. Donovan after an otherwise fatal plane crash.'] ["Set on the Kidabanesee reserve in Northern Ontario. Silas Crow  is a young man confused about his direction in life; he wants to take an automobile mechanic's course in college, but is uncertain whether he should apply. His general confusion with life is most readily evident in his appearance. He wears an old, ratty black hat resembling a fedora, a strange assortment of cargo pants, as well as a long, black trench coat. Frank Steelpost  is Crow's best friend, and Katie Maracle  is his girlfriend. Events are set in motion when a young girl from the reserve is murdered by Clarence Gaskill , a white man who gets off with a light sentence, prompting the community to demand vengeance.."] ["Recently widowed and anxious to escape the clutches of her oppressively meddlesome in-laws, free-spirited Lilia Herriton travels to the hillside Tuscan town of Monteriano with her young friend Caroline Abbott. There she falls in love with both the countryside and Gino Carella, a handsome man considerably younger and much less wealthy than herself, and she decides to stay. Appalled by her behaviour and concerned about the future of her granddaughter, Irma, her strait-laced mother-in-law dispatches her son Philip to Italy to convince her to return home, but by the time he arrives Lilia and Gino have wed. He and Caroline return home, unable to forgive themselves for not putting an end to what they see as a clearly unsuitable marriage. Lilia is startled to discover her desire for independence is at odds with Gino's need to be the unquestioned head of the household, and she is shocked when he becomes physically abusive in order to clarify his position. Their relationship becomes less volatile when Lilia becomes pregnant, but she dies in childbirth, leaving her grieving husband with an infant son to raise with the help of his aging mother. When word of Lilia's death reaches England, Caroline decides to return to Italy to save the boy from what surely will be a difficult life. Not wanting to be outdone, or considered any less moral or less concerned than Caroline for the child's welfare, Lilia's mother-in-law sends Philip and his priggish spinster sister Harriet to Monteriano to obtain custody of the infant and bring him back to Sawston, where he can receive what she perceives to be a proper upbringing and education. Everything about the journey - especially the heat, the uncomfortable accommodations, and her difficulty communicating with the locals - distresses repressed and xenophobic Harriet, but Philip and Caroline both begin to find themselves attracted to everything Tuscan that had appealed to Lilia. Philip and Caroline also begin to sympathise with Gino and his loving relationship with his son, but though Philip says he 'understands everyone', he vacilates to even broach the subject of getting custody of the boy to Gino. Philip can't seem to ' settle it, and do the right thing', as Caroline reminds him. Harriet is left to take matters into her own hands and makes a decision that leads to tragic consequences. In contrast to the novel, the film adds a positive ending to the changes in the story, by hinting that love between Caroline and Philip may be possible."] ['The Creed family moves into a new home, close to a road where truckers often drive unsafely. They befriend their neighbour, Jud Crandall, who tells them about a nearby pet cemetery which was built on Indian burial grounds and is rumored to be haunted. Later, Louis Creed, working at the University of Maine at Orono health center, treats Victor Pascow, who has been hit by a truck and incurred massive head injuries. Pascow dies after grabbing Louis, addressing him by name, and uttering a cryptic message. He also promises to "come to" him. That night, in what is seemingly a dream, Victor visits Louis, warning him about the burial ground beyond the pet cemetery. Louis wakes up to find his feet covered in dirt. Church, a cat owned by Louis\' daughter Ellie, is killed by a truck on the road in front of their house while Rachel, Ellie and Gage are in Chicago. Jud takes Louis to an ancient Micmac Indian burial ground beyond the pet cemetery they visited earlier and buries the cat. Church is brought back to life, but is an evil shell of himself. He attacks Louis and reeks of decomposition. Louis asks if a person was ever buried in the grounds. Jud replies, "Christ on His throne, no. And whoever would?" Sometime later, Louis\' young son Gage is killed by a truck on the same road. Louis considers burying Gage in the burial grounds. Jud tries to dissuade him from doing so, telling him about a young man from town, Timmy Baterman, who died in service during World War II. Timmy\'s father, Bill, placed his son\'s corpse into the Micmac burial ground, only to have it reanimate and terrify the townsfolk. Jud and three of his friends tried burning down the house with the son in it, but Bill was attacked by Timmy and they both perished in the fire. Ellie and Rachel travel to Chicago, but Ellie has had a bad dream about her father, Gage and Pascow. She begs Louis to go with them, but he declines. Louis heads to the cemetery Gage is buried in, intending to exhume his son\'s body. He is met at the graveyard by Pascow, who warns him not to proceed. In Chicago, Ellie has a nightmare, stating that "Paxcow" warned her that Louis is going to do something really bad, and that he is trying to help because Louis tried to save his life. Rachel, with a little help from Pascow\'s ghost, realizes who her daughter is talking about and calls Jud after Louis does not answer the phone. She asks if he has seen Louis, and then tells him she is returning. Jud warns her not to, but she has already hung up. Louis takes his son\'s corpse to the Micmac burial ground. Pascow\'s spirit unsuccessfully tries to stop Louis. Louis returns home, exhausted from his activities. Gage later arrives and enters his father\'s room, removing a scalpel from one of his bags. Gage enters Jud\'s house and kills Jud while Church watches. Rachel arrives home, hearing something that sounds like her late sister, Zelda, calling her name, then Gage\'s laughter. Rachel enters Jud\'s house and finds Gage in an upstairs bedroom. Gage tells her he brought her something and shows her Louis\' scalpel. Rachel hugs her son in disbelief. Louis wakes up to find Gage\'s muddy footprints on the floor, his doctor\'s bag open and his scalpel gone. He receives a call from Gage saying, "Come play with me daddy! First I played with Jud, and then I played with mommy. We had an awful good time. Now I want to play wiff yewww." Preparing shots of morphine, Louis heads to Jud\'s house, running into Church once more. He distracts the cat with a raw steak, then kills him with a shot of morphine. He heads into the house, once more taunted by Gage. Louis searches the house only to have Rachel\'s corpse fall from the attic, hanged by her neck. Gage attacks his father, but Louis injects the boy with a morphine shot, killing him. Louis soaks the house in kerosene and sets it on fire, carrying his wife\'s body out. Pascow watches, and tells Louis he is sorry, and not to bury Rachel in the same place. Louis replies that he waited too long with Gage, and that it will work with his wife because she just died. Louis walks through Pascow, who vanishes screaming. At home, Louis plays solitaire while he waits. At midnight, Rachel comes through the kitchen door. She coos "Darling..." and the two embrace kissing as it is revealed that her face is ravaged and oozing cranial fluid. Rachel reaches for a knife on the kitchen table. The screen blacks out as Louis screams.'] ['Private investigator Patrick Kenzie and his partner/girlfriend Angie Gennaro witness a televised plea by a woman named Helene McCready for the return of her missing daughter Amanda, who was abducted with her favorite doll "Mirabelle". Patrick and Angie are then hired by the child\'s Aunt Beatrice to find Amanda and discover that Helene and her boyfriend "Skinny Ray" had recently stolen money from Cheese, a local Haitian drug lord. After Ray is murdered, Patrick and Angie join the police detectives investigating the case, Remy Bressant and Nick Poole, to arrange a trade of the money for Amanda. Captain Jack Doyle shows Patrick a telephone transcript of the drug lord setting up an exchange for Amanda. The exchange at a nearby quarry in Quincy is botched and Amanda is believed to have drowned, as her doll is found in the quarry and returned to Helene. Doyle, whose own daughter was killed years before, takes responsibility for the death and goes into early retirement. Two months later, a seven-year-old boy is abducted in Everett and Patrick receives information that the boy was taken by a known child molester. After entering his house and finding evidence of the abducted boy, Patrick returns with Remy and Nick to rescue him. They are seen by the residents and Nick is shot. Patrick enters the house during the shootout and finds one of the residents dead. He retreats into the child molester\'s room, where he finds the boy\'s dead body; he then shoots the child molester in the back of the head in a fit of rage. Nick later dies of his wounds. Trying to alleviate Patrick\'s guilt over the events at the house, Remy unthinkingly confides that he once planted evidence on someone with the help of "Skinny Ray" &mdash; whom he had initially told Patrick he didn\'t know. After Nick\'s funeral, Patrick speaks to a police officer, who tells him that Remy had been asking about the drug lord\'s stolen money before the drug lord knew it was missing. Patrick then questions Beatrice\'s husband Lionel in a bar and pieces together that Lionel and Remy had conspired to stage a fake kidnapping in order to take the drug money for themselves and to save Amanda from her mother\'s neglectful parenting. At that point, Remy  enters the bar, while wearing a latex mask and holding a shotgun, and stages a robbery. He points the shotgun at Lionel\'s head, but the bartender shoots Remy twice in the back. Remy flees and is pursued by Patrick to the rooftop of a nearby building, where he dies. Patrick is questioned by the police about Remy\'s death and learns that the police never had a phone transcript like the one that Doyle had shown him prior to the botched exchange. Patrick and Angie drive to Doyle\'s home, where Patrick finds Amanda living happily with Doyle and his wife; Doyle was part of the phony kidnapping all along. Patrick threatens to call the authorities, but Doyle attempts to convince him that Amanda is better off living with them than with her mother. Patrick leaves and discusses the choices with Angie, who says she will leave him if he calls the police, since she believes that Amanda is much better off with the Doyles. In the next scene, the police arrive, Doyle is arrested, Amanda is returned to her mother amidst heavy publicity, and Patrick and Angie break up. Patrick later visits Amanda as Helene is about to leave on a date with someone she met during the publicity over her daughter\'s disappearance; at the same time, she makes a play for Patrick himself. Helene informs Patrick that Beatrice has been forbidden to visit and is upset about her husband\'s arrest. Helene has no babysitter for Amanda and when asked, she tells Patrick that Dottie  will watch her, even though she has yet to ask Dottie herself. Patrick volunteers to watch Amanda, who is holding her old doll and watching television. Patrick asks Amanda about Mirabelle, only to hear Amanda inform him that her doll\'s name is "Annabelle" &mdash; implying that Helene did not even know the name of her daughter\'s favorite toy.'] ['Sarah Gomartin comes with her mother Martha to keep house for a widower and his two grown sons, on their farm in Northern Ireland in 1909. After Hamilton Echlin Sr. dies in a boating accident, Sarah\'s mother, dismayed by his sons\' and her own daughter\'s refusal to attend church and behave in a manner she approves of, leaves the household, but Sarah stays on as housekeeper, and eventually takes first taciturn younger brother Frank  and then amiable elder brother Hamilton , as lovers. When she becomes pregnant and refuses to marry either man or even specify which is the father of the boy she delivers, the local minister  is deeply unsettled by her indifference to convention. She rebuffs his attempts to make her conform and give the child "a name" by declaring that all clergy want is for people\'s lives, however "botched inside," to appear "smooth to the eye--like lazy work." The community seems only mildly censorious of the relationship between the three, but when Frank yearns for a woman all his own and makes overtures to a local girl, her male relatives beat him savagely in retaliation, crippling him. The film then moves forward in time: Sarah\'s children  plead with her to marry, as her stubborn unconventionality makes it impossible for them to be completely accepted by the local community. Realizing that her daughter\'s happiness is at stake, Sarah relents and marries Hamilton.'] ['The film begins by introducing Kellyanne Williamson, playing with imaginary friends Pobby and Dingan. The family of Rex Williamson—his wife Anne, daughter Kellyanne and son Ashmol—have moved to Coober Pedy, known as the "opal capital of Australia", because Rex believed he could make a fortune in mining opal. So far he\'s had little success. Ashmol, while he loves his sister, is frequently annoyed when she talks to her imaginary friends, and some of the kids at school tease the siblings because of them. Rex and Annie decide it is time to wean Kellyanne from her invisible companions. Annie takes Kellyanne to a Christmas party at Annie\'s friend\'s house, Rex telling her that he will let Pobby and Dingan come with him to go opal mining. Upon Rex\'s return, Kellyanne says she can no longer see them and that they have disappeared. She insists on going to the opal mining area to look for them, accompanied by Rex and Ashmol. The family accidentally strays on to a neighbouring miner\'s patch. The miner, Sid, pulls a shotgun on Rex and calls the police, thinking that Rex was "ratting" on his territory - that is, looking for opals on his turf. Kellyanne is grief-stricken at the loss of her imaginary friends and takes ill, although doctors can find nothing physically wrong with her. Rex has to leave his opal claim. Annie loses her job at the local supermarket, thanks to the circulating rumours around Rex\'s arrest. Convinced that Kellyanne is faking her illness, Ashmol nonetheless goes along with her wish that he try to find Pobby and Dingan. He even comes up with the idea of putting posters around town. Ultimately, returning to Rex\'s mine area, Ashmol finds two lollipop wrappers. Deeper in the tunnel, he finds a large opal which he takes back to Kellyanne. He tells her he has found Pobby and Dingan, and that they are dead. Kellyanne, whose sickness has been worsening, has to go to hospital. Ashmol sells his opal and pays for a funeral for Pobby and Dingan. He has made friends with a lawyer, who takes Rex\'s case. Rex wins the trial. Many people in town begin to feel that their attitude toward Kellyanne and her family may have contributed to her sickness. These people show up at Pobby and Dingan\'s funeral. Kellyanne, though still sick, is there, and throws lollipops into her imaginary friends\' graves. A short time later, Kellyanne herself dies, and is buried between her imaginary friends. Ashmol visits her grave. Rex gets his claim back, and Ashmol is allowed to accompany him on mining trips.  In the original release of the film, the death of Kellyanne was not shown; after Pobby and Dingan\'s funeral, the screen fades to white, and the film ends. This cut was made against the wishes of the director and crew,{{cite web}} but did air uncut and as originally intended when shown on BBC Two in 2008.'] ["Adele August  is an eccentric woman who, with her reluctant daughter Ann , leaves a small Wisconsin town and moves to Beverly Hills to realize her dreams. She may not know what those dreams are herself. Adele is confused and always tries to deal with matters the easy way. She buys things she can't afford and her more practical daughter is upset when she does this. When living in Beverly Hills, Adele improvises from day to day, often unable to pay the bills. She wants her daughter to become an actress, but Ann is much more interested in going away to Brown University. After Adele fails in many respects, she accepts her daughter's plans and decides to help her."] ["A beautiful teenage babysitter  is charged with the care of a preteen boy, a little girl, and a baby. She becomes the basis for fantasies of the boy, her boyfriend, Jack, his questionable friend, and the father of the children she is babysitting. Meanwhile, the children's mother, at a party thinks Jack's friend's father wants to have an affair with her, and she fantasizes about it."] ["Mona Gray  systematically withdraws from life into a world of mathematics after a mysterious mental illness leaves her father  incapacitated and a shell of his former self. Forced by her mother to move out on her own, Mona gets a job as a math teacher at an elementary school. There she discovers she has an unorthodox talent for teaching and finds herself thrust back into life again, with children to care for, and a reason to live. Mona takes special interest in one of her students, Lisa Venus , whose mother is dying of cancer. When fellow teacher Ben Smith ([[Chris Messina  shows romantic interest in her, Mona reverts back to some of her old self-destructive impulses. Eventually, Mona discovers her value in the love she shows her students, and Ben's patience is finally rewarded as the two find love in each other."] ['Blanche DuBois  is a fading, but nevertheless attractive Southern belle, whose pretensions to virtue and culture only thinly mask her alcoholism and delusions of grandeur. Her poise is an illusion she presents to shield others, and most of all herself, from reality to try to make herself still attractive to new male suitors. Blanche arrives from her hometown of Auriol, Mississippi at the apartment of her sister, Stella Kowalski , in the French Quarter of New Orleans, on Elysian Fields Avenue. The local transportation that she takes to arrive there includes a streetcar route named "Desire." The steamy, urban ambiance is a shock to Blanche\'s nerves. Explaining that her ancestral southern plantation, Belle Reve in Auriol, Mississippi, has been "lost" due to the "epic debauchery" of her ancestors, Blanche is welcomed with some trepidation by Stella, who fears the reaction of her husband, Stanley Kowalski . Blanche says her supervisor gave her time off her job as an English teacher because of her upset nerves. In truth, however, she was fired for having an affair with a 17-year-old male student. This turns out not to be the only seduction she had engaged in — and these problems led Blanche to run away from Auriol. A brief marriage scarred by the suicide of her spouse, Allan Grey, has led Blanche to live in a world in which her fantasies and illusions are seamlessly mixed with her reality. In contrast to both the self-effacing and deferential Stella and the pretentious refinement of Blanche, Stanley is a force of nature: primal, rough-hewn, brutish and sensual. He dominates Stella in every way and is physically and emotionally abusive. Stella tolerates his behavior as this is part of what attracted her in the first place. Their love and relationship is heavily based on powerful, even animalistic, sexual chemistry - something that Blanche says that she finds impossible to understand, despite long glances of admiration and lust towards Stanley. The arrival of Blanche upsets her sister\'s and brother-in-law\'s system of mutual dependence. Stella\'s concern for her sister\'s well-being emboldens Blanche to hold court in the Kowalski apartment, infuriating Stanley and leading to conflict in his relationship with his wife. Stanley\'s friend and Blanche\'s would-be suitor, Harold "Mitch" Mitchell , is trampled as Blanche and Stanley head for a collision course. Stanley discovers Blanche\'s past through a co-worker who travels to Auriol frequently. He confronts Blanche with the things she has been trying to put behind her, partly out of concern that her character flaws may be damaging to the lives of those in her new home , and partly due to resentment of her airs of superiority toward him and a distaste for pretense in general. However, his attempts to "unmask" her are predictably cruel and violent. Their final confrontation — a rape — results in Blanche\'s nervous breakdown. Stanley has her committed to a mental institution. Mitch, knowing that Stanley raped Blanche and had her committed to a mental institution, lashes out and punches Stanley but is then held back by the other men, and he starts to weep. As the other men stare at Stanley, he claims he "never once touched her". Devastated with her sister\'s fate, Stella weeps and rejects Stanley\'s intention to comfort her and pushes him away. Stella runs out to see Blanche off, but is too late, as the car Blanche left in has already gone. As he cries her name once more , Stella clings to her child and vows that she is "never going back" to Stanley again. She goes upstairs once more in order to seek refuge with her neighbor, Eunice , as Stanley continues to call her name.'] ["In Verona, Italy, Romeo and Juliet, the teenage children of two feuding families , meet at a feast and fall in love. They are secretly married by Romeo's confessor and father figure, Friar Laurence, with the assistance of Juliet's nursemaid. Unfortunately, a street duel breaks out between Juliet's cousin Tybalt and Romeo's friend Mercutio when Tybalt insults Romeo. However, since Romeo has just been married to Juliet, he refuses to fight, leading Mercutio to be a loyal friend and fight for him. This leads to Mercutio's death. Romeo retaliates by fighting Tybalt and killing him, and is penalized by the Prince of Verona with banishment instead of a death penalty. Unaware of Juliet's secret marriage, her father has arranged for her to marry wealthy Count Paris. In order to escape this arranged marriage and remain faithful to Romeo, Juliet consumes a potion prepared by Friar Laurence, intended to make her appear dead for 42 hours. Friar Laurence plans to inform Romeo of the hoax so that he can meet Juliet after her burial and escape with her when she recovers from her swoon, but the news of Juliet's death reaches Romeo before the friar's letter. In despair, he goes to the tomb and there drinks a poison, killing himself. Awakening shortly after he expires, Juliet discovers a dead Romeo and proceeds to stab herself with his dagger. Later, the two families attend their joint funeral together and agree to end the feud."] ['The film opens in 1938, introducing Dominic Matei , a 70-year old professor of linguistics. On the eve of World War II, Dominic attempts to visit the Café Select but is denied access due to wearing his pyjamas. Dominic realises that he is getting no younger, and has essentially failed his aim in life – to fully discover the origin of human language. His tireless labours have condemned him to a solitary existence, often spent pining after Laura , the love of his youth. Intent on committing suicide, Dominic travels to Bucharest, the city where he and Laura met at university. He is struck by lightning. In hospital, he is initially diagnosed by Professor Stanciulescu  to be dying of his burns. However, Stanciulescu is startled when his patient regenerates into a much younger man. The Professor helps Dominic out of the hospital so as to continue studying him. Shortly afterwards, Romania is occupied by the Nazis, whose interests are aroused by Stanciulescu’s miracle patient. While residing at the Professor\'s home, Dominic realises that he possesses strange capacities. He begins to experience multiple planes of reality, blurring his perception of whether he is awake or asleep. He mistakes the “Woman in Room Six”  for an erotic fantasy – when in reality, she is a Nazi spy. During his nights together with the Woman, Dominic discovers he has an unnatural talent for languages after they communicate effortlessly in French, German, and even Sanskrit. As his abilities progress, Dominic becomes aware of an “other” self who speaks to him in mirrors and dreams. This alternate persona serves as the voice of his condition, claiming to exist outside of space and time. When Dominic asks for proof, the “other” obliges by bringing him two roses which materialise out of nowhere. Unbeknownst to Dominic, Stanciulescu has witnessed the event and overhears his friend ask himself “Where do you want me to place the third rose?”. This gives the Professor great concern and understanding for the Nazis’ designs upon Dominic. A Third Reich programme led by Doktor Josef Rudolf  has recently confiscated his research and is unsuccessfully attempting to duplicate the lightning. Stanciulescu persuades Dominic to escape from Romania, aided by anti-Nazi sympathisers. While on the run, Dominic discovers he now possesses the knowledge to forge passports and conceal his identity. Thanks to the Nazi confiscation of research, Dominic’s existence has essentially been erased from the records. Later, he is saddened to learn that the Professor has died in a plane crash. Living like a spy, Dominic eventually arrives in Switzerland. Unfortunately, the Woman in Room Six has managed to pick up his trace, leading to a confrontation between Dominic and Doktor Rudolf in an alleyway. The doctor argues that Dominic’s existence supports the Nazis’ ideal of the superman, and that the coming nuclear warfare can only be survived by a superior species of man. In the background, the “other” Dominic confirms this to be the case. However, Dominic himself refuses to cooperate, forcing the doctor to pull a gun on him. The Woman is shot defending Dominic, provoking him to telekinetically manipulate Rudolf into shooting himself. The war ends but Rudolf’s fears about nuclear armament are realized. Dominic resumes a normal existence, during which he continues his research. Realising that he has been transformed into a human of the future – thus gifting him with knowledge of the fate of mankind – he develops a secret language for his audio diary, to be deciphered by a supercomputer in the year 2010 – long after the nuclear apocalypse. Many years later, Dominic encounters a girl named Veronica  while hiking in the Alps. The “other” reveals her to be the reincarnation of Laura. When the mountains are hit by a violent storm, Dominic rushes to her rescue. He finds her huddled in a cave, chanting in Sanskrit, which he greets her with to gain her trust. During her stay in hospital, Dominic finds that Veronica now identifies herself as “Rupini”, the daughter of a wealthy family in India who were among the first disciples of the Buddha. While the doctors assume she is suffering from amnesia and delusion from the incident, he suspects that she may now be suffering from a condition similar to his own and calls the Roman College of Oriental Studies for aid. Led by Professor Giuseppe Tucci , the scholars confirm that Rupini was a real person, who went to a cave many centuries ago to meditate on Enlightenment. Since the cave’s location is unknown, the scholars agree to fund an expedition to find the cave in India, hoping that Veronica’s past self will guide them. Dominic volunteers to accompany them under the alias “Martin Audricourt”. The venture proves a success when a local holy man recognises “Rupini” and directs her to the place of meditation. While investigating the cave, Dominic finds the bones of the original Rupini. After this discovery, Veronica becomes herself again and no longer speaks Sanskrit. Some time passes and she begins to fall for Dominic. The couple elopes to Malta, where they live happily together – until Dominic tells a sleeping Veronica that he has always loved her. This causes Veronica to writhe on the bed as if possessed and begin chanting in a language even he does not understand. The “other” appears to him and explains that she is speaking in ancient Egyptian, having travelled further back along the path of her past selves. Over the next two weeks, Dominic and the “other” learn how to control this state in Veronica, leading her to regress even further back in time and speak languages such as Babylonian and previously unknown tongues. However, Veronica\'s health begins to decline from exhaustion, and Dominic declares that he cannot continue these sessions – or even being close to Veronica, since his proximity is accelerating her age. The “other” disagrees and urges him to find the Ur-Language, which would complete his life\'s work. Dominic tearfully explains everything to Veronica and leaves her weeping, begging for him to stay. In 1969, Veronica departs from a train with two children in France. Without being noticed, Dominic takes a snapshot of her and begins to cry when she passes without recognizing him. Despairing, he returns to the town where he taught as a professor. His alter ego appears to him and reveals the truth about the future – nuclear warfare will unleash an electromagnetic pulse, giving birth to a new and more powerful human species, of which Dominic is but the first member. Veronica symbolised the dawn of man, and he stood for the dusk. Dominic is outraged at the idea of sacrificing millions of lives in the name of evolution and shatters the mirror. The “other” is completely taken off guard and slowly vanishes, all the while yelling in an unknown language. The film comes full circle when Dominic returns to the Café Select to clear his thoughts. While there, he encounters all of his old colleagues, who are long dead. As more friends from his past join him and offer warm greetings, Dominic becomes more agitated and begins to age, complaining that this is a dream of a dream of a dream. He mumbles that should he ever solve the "worry that we all share," he will tell them the answer. Dominic stumbles out of the room and journeys back into the snowy winter night. In the morning, townsfolk find his aged body, lying dead at the bottom of a staircase. They search his passport, but find only the younger alias of “Martin Audricourt”. In the final scene, Veronica’s voice is heard echoing “Where do you want me to put the third rose?” – the rose appears in Dominic’s lifeless grasp.'] ["A pastiche of characters board a German ocean liner in Veracruz, Mexico, for a voyage to Bremerhaven, Germany, along with 600 displaced workers in steerage, being deported from Cuba back to Spain, and a not-so-exotic band of entertainers, for whom the voyage is just a job. Some are happy to be bound for a rising Nazi Germany, some are apprehensive, while others appear oblivious to its potential dangers. The ship's doctor, Schumann, takes a special interest in La Condesa, a countess from Spain who has an addiction to drugs and is being shipped to a German-run prison. Her sense of certain doom is contrasted by the doctor's determination to fight the forces of oppression, embodied by his insistence that the people in steerage be treated like human beings rather than animals. The doctor himself has a secret, a terminal heart condition, and his sympathy for the countess soon evolves into love. Several passengers are invited to dine each night at the captain's table. There, some are amused and others offended by the Anti-Semitic rants of a German businessman named Rieber . The Jewish Lowenthal is invited instead to join a dwarf named Glocken for his meals, and the two bond over their exclusion. Eventually a passenger named Freytag seems shocked to find himself ostracized when Rieber learns that his wife is Jewish. Others aboard include a young American couple, David and Jenny, who bicker because David is unhappy at his lack of success with painting. A divorcée, Mary Treadwell, drinks and flirts, on a quest to recapture her youth in Paris. Bill Tenny is a former baseball player disappointed in the way his career never quite took off. They are distracted by the music and the professional dancers, whose flirtations seem to skirt the edges of solicitation, or dive right in to the seedy side of oblivion. And when the passengers disembark, two are no longer with them -- the countess, who has been taken to an island prison, and the doctor, who has died."] ["Divorced mom Tracy Cross raises her 12-year-old son Christopher in Key West in 1969 around the time of the Apollo 11 moon landing. A waitress, she becomes a stripper to support herself and Chris.The film includes a scene where fourteen-year-old actor David Arnott appears nude . Chris is also working at part-time jobs to help pay the bills. He is upset when he finds out about his mother's new job. A man from a local seafood restaurant is involved in a drug-smuggling ring in which the drugs are hidden inside fish, so Chris goes to work for him to earn enough money so that his mother can quit her dancing job. A stranger, Joe, comes to town and strikes up a relationship with Tracy. This further disturbs her son, who seeks out his father, John Cross, a military vet so troubled from his Vietnam experiences that he is now a gardener in a monastery. Joe turns out to be a law-enforcement undercover agent, working to bring down the drug ring. His relationship with Tracy and her son complicates matters as the time comes to make the arrest."] ['{{plot}} A team of Vatican sponsored mercenaries led by Jack Crow  rids an abandoned house of vampires in the middle of New Mexico. The slayers stay at a motel in the middle of a desert, getting drunk, smoking and partying with women as they celebrate their victory. One of the prostitutes is a young woman named Katrina . When the master vampire, Valek , turns up at the motel, he bites Katrina and massacres the slayers and prostitutes. During this attack Valek sees Jack and calls him by name which astonishes Crow. Crow and his partner, Tony Montoya , run outside and grab a weak and nearly unconscious Katrina, take a pickup truck and drive off. Valek catches up with them, jumps on the back of the truck, but is shot in the face and this knocks him off the vehicle and onto the road. Narrowly escaping from Valek, they keep on driving for a few more hours until dawn and narrowly avoid hitting a stalled vehicle in the road. They walk east, coming to a gas station. They steal an automobile at gunpoint. While Crow goes back to the motel to deal with the remains of the team and prostitutes, Montoya takes Katrina to the nearest hotel. Crow stabs the corpses of his fellow slayers and the other victims in the heart with a wooden stake, then beheads them to prevent them from turning into vampires. Crow then burns down the motel and buries the heads in the desert. Meanwhile, Montoya has gotten another hotel room and he tells Katrina that she has been bitten by Valek and that she too will be one soon if they cannot find and destroy him. She now has a telepathic link to the Master. Jack meets his boss Cardinal Alba  who introduces him to Father Adam Guiteau . Jack reports that his entire team has been destroyed and that only one vampire did this. Cardinal Alba and Father Guiteau show Jack a centuries-old painting of a man which turns out to be the master vampire that attacked and killed Jack\'s crew. He was the first documented case of vampirism and is most likely the progenitor of all vampires. Jack is told that he will wait for his new team to get in before he hunts down Valek but that Father Guiteau would be replacing the priest that was murdered at the hotel. Meanwhile, Katrina tries to escape as Montoya rests. He awakens and grabs Katrina, pulling her through a window and back into the room. Katrina sees a cut on Montoya\'s arm and her vampire instinct takes over as she grabs it and bites him. He then uses a Zippo cigarette lighter to burn the wound clean. Jack and Guiteau get to the hotel where Montoya and Katrina are holed up. Katrina awakens having linked to Valek and Jack gets her to tell him what\'s going on. She has a vision from Valek\'s point of view which shows a sign that says San Miguel and Jack tells Guiteau to call all the churches in that area asking of any are missing any old priests. Soon after, Katrina loses the connection to Valek but Guiteau finds a lead. Jack tells the priest some of his past, about how his father was bitten by a vampire, killed his mother, came after Jack and that he killed his own father. He then asks what it is Valek\'s after and Guiteau tells him that he wants an ancient relic called the Black Cross of Berziers and that Valek was once a priest who was thought to have been possessed by demons. The Bérziers Cross was used in an exorcism that was cut short but the result was that Valek was forever changed into the first vampire and that the priest Valek killed was the only person who knew of the location of the Cross. Jack and the rest head to the old priest\'s church to try and see if they can find out the location of the Berziers Cross now that Valek has had to stop at sunrise. The next night Valek rises, with seven companions. Through Katrina\'s link to him, the Slayers learn that the seven other vampires are Masters as they converge on an old Spanish mission and soon Valek has the Cross in his possession. The next day, Jack and the others find the Spanish mission and Guiteau tells them that Valek wants the Berziers Cross to complete his exorcism which was cut short the first time. Completing the ritual would supposedly make him able to walk in the daylight and that would make him unstoppable. They then travel to a nearby town that seems to be deserted. The security cameras in the town jail are still on and Jack spots one of the Master vampires walking around. Montoya stays outside and works the winch attached to the Jeep, keeping an eye on the continually weakening Katrina while Jack stays on the ground floor to shoot them with his crossbow leaving Guiteau to be the bait to lure them to Jack. They manage to get a couple of the Masters but not before the sun sets enough for Valek and the other Masters to come out as well as the town\'s missing population who have been turned into weaker vampires. Guiteau manages to find a place to hide without being seen, but Valek and the rest get hold of Jack knocking him out. Montoya and Katrina escape, but as the sun sets Katrina fully turns into a vampire and bites Montoya on the neck. He makes no move to stop her and she then starts walking back to the town, now a member of the undead. When Montoya awakens, he loads a submachine gun and fires a volley and smashes the hot barrel against the open wound on his neck. Jack awakens to find that he\'s been tied to the front of his truck and that he\'s surrounded by the recently turned towns folk, the Masters and Valek. Cardinal Alba has betrayed the Vatican Council, explaining to Jack that he\'s planning on reproducing the first exorcism  and becoming Valek\'s first "new child." The exorcism must be completed by dawn. Katrina walks back into the town and the Cardinal begins the ritual. Guiteau is hiding in one of the stores and finds a shotgun with shells under the counter. He gets up on the roof where he shoots and kills Cardinal Alba. Valek then tells Guiteau to finish the ritual and Guiteau refuses placing the shotgun against his head. Montoya\'s jeep comes into the town and he uses Jack\'s crossbow to shoot the cross that Jack has been tied to the cable. Jack is dragged behind the jeep. Valek tries to get the Bérziers Cross but the sunlight reflecting off of the jewels in the cross burns his hands and he can\'t get hold of it. He heads for shelter and Jack grabs the Berziers Cross and heads off after Valek. Jack and Valek face each other and Jack rams the cross though Valek\'s chest then throws himself through the support post for the roof causing it to collapse allowing the sun to get to Valek and he dies in a spectacular fireball. Montoya gets the jeep and gets ready to leave only to be confronted by the shotgun-wielding Guiteau, knowing that Montoya is turning into a vampire. Jack gets Guiteau to agree to a two day head start as Montoya backed up Crow for two days after being bitten by Katrina. Crow and Montoya embrace like the brothers they became after Crow informs Montoya that after the two days he will hunt down and kill both of them. Montoya and Katrina leave and the movie ends with Jack and Guiteau heading off once again to the jail to kill the rest of the vampires that made it to shelter.'] ['Charlie St. Cloud  is a sailor who wins a professional boating race on his sailboat, the Splendid Splinter, along with his younger brother Sam . He subsequently receives a sailing scholarship to Stanford University. Charlie graduates from Winslow High School and after getting home from his graduation ceremony, Charlie promises Sam that they will practice baseball together every day until he leaves for Stanford; at sunset when the “Bailey’s Yacht Club” ceremonial cannons sound. Later that night, Charlie was supposed to go to a graduation party with his friends, but his mother Claire  makes him babysit Sam while she picks up another shift at her job as a nurse. When Sam is watching television, Charlie tries to sneak out and go to the party. But he is caught by Sam when he turns his headlights on, and Sam asks Charlie to drive him to his friend Tommy\'s house to watch the Red Sox game. At first Charlie refuses, but gives in when Sam makes compliments about his car. While driving, Charlie and Sam talk about Charlie\'s departure and horseplay until they get into a bad car accident at an intersection. Their car is rear ended by a SUV, forcing them into the path of a Mack truck in a T-bone collision. In the dark, during an out-of-body experience, Charlie hugs a badly wounded Sam and tries to reassure him that everything will be fine once he takes the blame for his actions. Knowing that his injuries are fatal, Sam asks Charlie to never leave him alone again, saying that if he does, they will always be together as brothers. Charlie promises they will always be together. Then a paramedic named Florio Ferrente  revives Charlie, who sobs in horror when he realizes that Sam has succumbed to his wounds. At Sam\'s funeral, a broken-hearted Charlie runs off after refusing to put Sam\'s baseball glove in the grave. After a heartbroken run through the neighboring woods, Charlie finds Sam\'s spirit and discovers that Sam can interact with him on the physical plane. After their reunion, Charlie fulfills Sam\'s dying wish by practicing baseball with him every day at sunset, in the canyon, after the sounding of the cannons. Five years later, Charlie, who gave up his scholarship and mournful over Sam\'s loss, is now caretaker at Waterside Cemetery. During a trip into town, Charlie visits the boat docks and meets Tess Carroll , a sailor who is scheduled to sail solo around the world. The following day, Charlie runs into Florio Ferrente, the paramedic who saved his life. Ferrente is dying of cancer and questions Charlie if he ever wonders why he was saved and tells him there is a reason for his gift. Charlie returns to the cemetery and finds Tess injured tending her father\'s grave. He takes her back to his home to patch her up and they develop a relationship. Meanwhile, Sam begins to feel being transparently erased from existence as a certain sign that Charlie is forgetting him when Charlie arrives late for their game of catch. However, Tess follows Charlie and he explains to her that the more he is in her world, the less he can be in Sam\'s. Later, Charlie discovers that Tess had gone missing while sailing through a storm a few days earlier, revealing that Charlie could see her just like he could Sam. Ferrente\'s wife Carla comes to Charlie and tells him that Ferrente had died the previous night and to give him his St. Jude medal that he wore the night Charlie was revived. Charlie examines the pendant. After one of the evenings Charlie and Tess have together they play hide and seek. Tess sticks a note on the door which says "come find me" with a drawing of a boat under. Later on in the story this is seen as her asking Charlie to find her after the storm has washed her on shore but she is dying. It is then that Charlie realizes that Tess is not dead and that he has to find her to save her life. Along with his friend Alistair and Tess\'s coach Tink, Charlie takes a boat to find Tess based on Charlie\'s instincts that he knows where she is due to what she told him and what he\'d do himself. The following sunset, Charlie finally misses his game with Sam. As Charlie confesses his love for his departed sibling, Sam simply tells Charlie that he loves him back and takes off as a shooting star to point out Tess\' location. The group finds Tess\' wrecked boat along with her lying on the rocks. Charlie uses his body heat to keep both himself and Tess warm until the two are eventually found by a Coast Guard Jayhawk called in by Tink. Charlie and Tess are taken to the hospital where Alistair tells Charlie that Tess had hypothermia and that he saved her. Later, Charlie purchases an old boat and asks Tess if she would like to take a ride with him. However, Tess fears him explaining that she had been having vivid dreams about them together. Charlie tells Tess that her dreams are memories and recites a quote from her dad\'s funeral that they had spoken about in her dreams. Charlie decides to resign from his job and goes into the forest to reminisce and say farewell to Sam, telling him they\'ll always be brothers and although he is unable to see him, Sam is there too and reveals that he\'s at peace, before Charlie leaves the forest with Tess. During the credits, Charlie and Tess finally sail around the world and say goodbye to the citizens of Quincy Harbor, Washington.'] ['When eleven and a half year old Trevor McKinney  begins seventh grade in Las Vegas, Nevada, his social studies teacher Eugene Simonet gives the class an assignment to devise and put into action a plan that will change the world for the better. Trevor\'s plan is a charitable program based on the networking of good deeds. He calls his plan "Pay it forward", which means the recipient of a favor does a favor for a third party rather than paying the favor back. Trevor does a favor for three people, asking each of them to "pay the favor forward" by doing favors for three other people, and so on, along a branching tree of good deeds. His first good deed is to let a homeless man named Jerry  live in his garage, and Jerry pays the favor forward by doing car repairs for Trevor\'s mother. Trevor\'s efforts appear to fail when Jerry relapses into drug addiction, but Jerry will pay his debt forward later in the film by talking to a suicidal woman, who is about to jump off the bridge. Meanwhile, Trevor\'s mother Arlene  confronts Eugene about Trevor\'s project after discovering Jerry in their house. Then Trevor selects Eugene as his next "pay it forward" target and tricks Eugene and Arlene into a romantic dinner date. This also appears to fail until Trevor and Arlene argue about her alcoholism and she slaps him in a fit of anger. The two adults are brought together again when Trevor runs away from home and Arlene asks Eugene to help her find him. After finding Trevor, Arlene begins to pursue Eugene sexually. Eugene has burn marks visible on his neck and face, and he initially resists Arlene\'s overtures. When they finally sleep together, he is seen to have extensive scarring over his torso. Arlene accepts Eugene\'s physical disfigurement, but abandons their relationship when her alcoholic ex-husband Ricky  returns to her, claiming to have given up drinking. Ricky\'s return angers Eugene, whose own mother had a habit of taking his abusive, alcoholic father back. He explains that his father intentionally burned him, and he warns Arlene of Ricky\'s potential to abuse Trevor. When Ricky resumes his abusive behavior, Arlene realizes her mistake and asks him to leave again. Trevor\'s school assignment marks the beginning of the story\'s chronology, but the opening scene in the film shows one of the later favors in the "pay it forward" tree, in which a man gives a car to Los Angeles journalist Chris Chandler . As the film proceeds, Chandler traces the chain of favors back to its origin in Tre\'s school project. After her date with Eugene, Arlene paid Jerry\'s favor forward by forgiving her own mother Grace  for her mistakes in raising Arlene, and Grace, who is homeless, helped a gang member escape from the police. The gang member then saved a girl\'s life, and the girl\'s father gave Chandler his new car. Chandler finally identifies Trevor as the originator of "pay it forward" and conducts a recorded interview in which Trevor describes his hopes and concerns for the project. Eugene, hearing Trevor\'s words, realizes that he and Arlene should be together. As Eugene and Arlene reconcile with a passionate embrace, Trevor notices his friend Adam being bullied by tall gangster like kids. He rushes into the scene and fights them while Eugene and Arlene rush to stop him. However, another bully enters the scene and takes a pocket-knife out of his pocket. Trevor is then accidentaly pushed into the knife and is stabbed. Trevor consequently dies at the hospital. This news is reported on television; Arlene and Eugene are soon visited by hundreds of people who have participated in the "pay it forward" movement, gathering in a vigil to pay Trevor their respects.'] ["Elgar Enders , a man who lives off his parents' wealth, buys himself an inner-city tenement, in the transitional neighborhood of 1970 Park Slope, Brooklyn, planning to evict all the occupants and construct a luxury home for himself. However, once he ventures into the tenement, he gradually grows fond of the low-income black residents who dwell there. Enders decides to remain as the landlord, and help fix the apartment building. He rebels against his WASP upbringing, and to his parents' dismay, he romances two black women, Lanie and Fanny, . Elgar falls for Lanie, a dancer at a local black club. Lanie is a beautiful black woman who has a mother of Irish descent, and a father of African descent, thus she has light skin and features, and has experienced colorism because of it. Their relationship is strained, as Elgar has an affair with one of his tenants, Fanny, and gets her pregnant. Consequently, her boyfriend Copee, a black activist with an identity crisis, is enraged when he finds out about the pregnancy, and tries to kill Elgar with an axe. He ultimately stops. The Enders family is shaken and stirred by their son's decisions and behavior, but reluctantly accepts him. Ultimately, Fanny disowns the illegitimate, Caucasian looking child and gives him to Elgar. The story ends with Elgar taking custody of his love child, mending his relationship with his girlfriend Lanie, and moving in with her."] ['Hearts in Atlantis tells the story of Robert "Bobby" Garfield ([[David Morse , a middle-aged man recollecting his past, in particular the summer when he was eleven years old . During that summer, he and his two friends, Carol Gerber  and John "Sully" Sullivan , experienced many things together, the most mysterious of which was meeting an elderly drifter named Ted Brautigan . Bobby lives with his single mother, the self-centered Liz Garfield , who takes in Brautigan as a boarder. Ted takes the lonely Bobby under his wing, while his mother is busy with her job - including entertaining her boss as a way of paying off debt supposedly left by Bobby\'s late father. The two form a father-son bond, and it slowly becomes clear that Ted has some psychic and telekinetic powers that rub off on the young boy. These same powers are the reason that Brautigan has come to this sleepy town; he has escaped the grasp of the "Low Men", strange people who would stop at nothing to get their hands on Ted. Ted offers Bobby a job—his eyes aren\'t as good as they used to be, so he asks the boy to read a newspaper for him, and to earn a dollar a week, so Bobby could buy a bicycle he wants. Bobby doesn\'t believe that this is the real job, and he is right. Ted asks Bobby to keep an eye on the neighborhood looking for any signs of the "low men", like announcements about missing pets. Bobby sees one, but doesn\'t tell Ted, afraid to lose his new friend. Bobby, Carol, and John have frequent conflicts with the local town bully, Harry Doolin ([[Timothy Reifsnyder , whom Ted is able to scare away by looking into his mind and finding out that his violence is used to cover up the fact that he is secretly a cross-dresser. However, at one point, Harry hurts Carol, and when Ted manipulates her dislocated shoulder into place, Liz arrives, after being raped by her boss, and mistakenly believes that Ted is a child molester. She is confronted by Ted\'s ability to tell her the truth about what she has been through, and how her behavior is affecting her relationship with her son, providing another reason that Ted must leave. That and the "low men" are closing in on him. Ted is eventually captured with the help of a tip from Liz. As some form of closure, Ted yells to Bobby as he is being driven away that he wouldn\'t have missed a moment "not for all the world", and later Bobby mirrors the same feelings. Bobby is later confronted by Harry but Bobby grabs the latter\'s baseball bat and beats him with it. Liz later finds a new job in Boston and moves the family there. Before he leaves, Bobby and Carol say their goodbyes and share a final kiss. At the end of the film, a grown up Bobby meets a girl named Molly who turns out to be Carol\'s daughter. Bobby produces a picture of a young Carol  and gives it to Molly to keep.'] ['After the space shuttle Patriot crashes on Earth, a fungus-like alien lifeform is discovered on the remaining parts scattered over US territory. Once people get in contact with the organism, they are being controlled by it when they enter REM sleep. One of the first people infected is Tucker Kaufman, a CDC director investigating the crash. Tucker\'s ex-wife, psychiatrist Carol Bennell, begins to feel something is amiss when people seem to have "changed". Her patient Wendy Lenk describes how her husband "is not her husband", and one of her son\'s friends acts detached and emotionless. At a neighborhood kid\'s party, Carol\'s son Oliver discovers a strange lifeform. The mothers speculate if the organism is in any way connected to the reports of a fast-spreading flu. Carol takes the organism to her doctor friend Ben Driscoll to have it checked. Meanwhile, Tucker uses the CDC to spread the disease further, disguising the spores as flu inoculations. When Carol drives her son Oliver to his father Tucker, a terrified woman runs through the street screaming "They are coming!" and then gets hit by a car. The police are uninterested in taking a report from Carol who witnessed the accident. Later at a party of Ben\'s friend Belicec, Carol has a debate with Russian embassy member Yorish. Yorish argues that given the proper circumstances, any person was capable of any crime or atrocity and that a world without violence would be a world where human beings ceased to be human. Ben and Dr. Stephen Galeano, a biologist, discover how the spore takes over the brain during REM sleep. They also find that people who had brain affecting illnesses, such as encephalitis or ADEM, are immune to the spore because their previous illnesses prevents the spore from "latching on" to the brain matter. Carol\'s son, Oliver, is immune to the spore because of the ADEM he had as a young child. Carol decides to get her son, who might show a way to a cure, back from Tucker. Before she drives to Tucker\'s house, she joins Ben\'s team who are called to the house of the Belicecs in a case of emergency. There they witness Yorish\'s transformation. When Carol arrives at Tucker\'s house, he and several colleagues close in on her. He explains that the changed humans, devoid of irrational emotions, are offering a better world, and asks her to join them. When Carol resists, he holds her to the ground and infects her by spurting his saliva on her. She escapes and returns to Ben at the Belicecs\' house. They flee when Belicec returns with more transformed people intent on infecting anyone in the house. Galeano and one of his assistants head to a base outside Baltimore where they and other scientists attempt to find a cure for the alien virus. Carol and Ben separate to find Oliver, who texts his location, the apartment of Tucker\'s mother, to Carol. Carol makes her way to Tucker\'s mother, pretending to be one of the infected who are now in majority and systematically raiding the cities in search for the few non-infected humans left. Although she loses Ben, she finally manages to free Oliver and seeks refuge in a pharmacy. There she takes an assortment of pills, knowing that she and her son are safe as long as she doesn\'t fall asleep. She sends a message to Ben to let him know where to find her. Finally Ben arrives, but Carol realizes that he too has become one of the infected. He tries to seduce her to give in to the new society, but also frankly states that there is no room for people like Oliver who are immune. Carol shoots him in the leg with a pistol she stole earlier from a transforming policeman, and flees with her son. With the infected closing in on them, Galeano picks them up with an army helicopter at the last second. They head back to the base, where scientists use Oliver\'s blood to create a vaccine. One year later, most victims of the infection have been cured, having no memory of the events which took place during their illness. Asked by a reporter if he considers the virus to be under control, Galeano replies that a look at the newspaper headlines should be proof enough that humanity acted human again. At her home, Carol helps her son to get ready for school, while Ben, now apparently her partner, reads the morning newspaper. He expresses his dismay about the violence in the world. Carol remembers Yorish\'s remark that a world without violence would be a world where human beings ceased to be human.'] ["In 2005, Steve Lopez  is a journalist working for the L.A. Times. He is divorced and now works for his ex-wife, Mary , an editor. A biking accident lands Lopez in a hospital. One day, he hears a violin being played beautifully. Investigating, he encounters Nathaniel Ayers , a homeless schizophrenic, who is playing a violin when Lopez introduces himself. During the conversation that follows, Lopez learns that Ayers once attended Juilliard. Curious as to how a former student of such a prestigious school ended up on the streets, Lopez contacts Juilliard but learns that no record of Ayers graduating from it exists. Though at first figuring a schizophrenic who's talented with a violin isn't worth his time, Lopez soon realizes that he has no better story to write about. Luckily, he soon learns that Ayers did attend Juilliard, but dropped out after two years. Finding Ayers the next day, Lopez says he wants to write about him. Ayers doesn't appear to be paying attention. Getting nowhere, Lopez finds and contacts Ayers' sister , who gives the columnist the information he needs: Ayers was once a child prodigy, until he began displaying symptoms of schizophrenia at Juilliard. Unable to handle the voices, Ayers dropped out and ended up on the streets. Lopez writes his article. One reader is so touched, she sends him a cello for Ayers. Lopez brings it to him and Ayers is shown to be just as proficient as with a violin. Unfortunately, his tendency to wander puts both Ayers and the cello in danger, so Lopez talks him into leaving it at a shelter, located in a neighborhood of homeless people. Ayers is later seen playing for the homeless. A concerned Lopez tries to get a doctor he knows  to help. He also tries to talk Ayers into getting an apartment, but Ayers refuses. After seeing a reaction to music played at an opera house, Lopez persuades another friend, Graham , a cellist, to rehabilitate Ayers through music. The lessons go well, though Ayers is shown to be getting a little too attached to Lopez, much to the latter's annoyance. Lopez eventually talks Ayers into moving into an apartment by threatening to abandon him. Lopez' article on Ayers gains so much fame, Ayers is given the chance to perform a recital. Sadly, he loses his temper, attacks Graham and leaves. This convinces Lopez' doctor friend to get Ayers some help. But when Ayers learns what Lopez is up to, he throws Lopez out of his apartment and threatens to kill him. While speaking with Mary, Lopez realizes that not only has he changed Ayers' life, Ayers has changed him. Determined to make amends, Lopez brings Ayers' sister to L.A. for a visit. Ayers and Lopez make up. Later, while all watch an orchestra, Lopez ponders how beneficial their friendship has been. Ayers still hears voices, but at least he no longer lives on the streets. In addition, Ayers has helped Lopez's relationship with his own family. It is revealed in the end that Ayers is still a member of the LAMP Community and that Lopez is learning how to play the guitar."] ["The film is divided into two sections, the first telling events from Hilary's point of view and the second from Jackie's. It opens with Hilary and Jackie as children being taught by their mother to dance and play musical instruments, the cello for Jackie and the flute for Hilary. Jackie does not take practising seriously at first, but when she does, she becomes a virtuoso, quickly rising to international prominence. Marriage to pianist and conductor Daniel Barenboim follows. Hilary, on the other hand, plays in a community orchestra and marries Christopher Finzi, the son of composer Gerald Finzi. The film, though focused primarily on Jacqueline, is ultimately about the relationship between the two sisters and their dedication to one another; to help Jacqueline through a nervous breakdown and in the interest of therapy, Hilary consents to Jacqueline having an affair with her  husband. The last quarter of the movie chronicles in detail the last fifteen years of Jacqueline's life: she is diagnosed with multiple sclerosis, loses control of her nervous system, becomes paralyzed, goes deaf and mute, and finally dies. The film ends with Jacqueline's spirit standing on the beach where she used to play as a child, watching herself and her sister frolicking in the sand as little girls."] ['Thomas "Babe" Levy  is a history Ph.D. candidate and avid runner researching the same field as his father, who committed suicide after being investigated during the Joseph McCarthy era. Babe\'s brother, Henry , known as "Doc", poses as an oil company executive but is actually a government agent working for a secret agency headed by Peter Janeway . When the brother of a Nazi war criminal is killed in a traffic accident, Doc suspects that the criminal, Dr. Christian Szell , will come to New York to retrieve a valuable diamond collection. Doc comes to New York under the guise of a visit to Babe. Meanwhile, Babe and his new girlfriend, Elsa Opel , who claims to be from Switzerland, are mugged by two men dressed in suits. When Doc takes Babe and Elsa to lunch, he tricks Elsa into revealing that she has been lying to Babe about her background. Though Doc suspects she may be connected to Szell, he tells Babe that she is seeking an American husband so that she can become a U.S. citizen. After Szell arrives in America, Doc confronts him stating he is not welcome in the country. Szell accepts the pronouncement, but then stabs Doc with a blade concealed in his sleeve. Doc makes it back to Babe\'s apartment and dies. The police interrogate Babe until government agents led by Janeway arrive. Janeway asks Babe what Doc told him before he died, and tells Babe that his brother was a U.S. government agent. Babe insists that his brother did not tell him anything, but Janeway is convinced Doc would not have struggled all the way to Babe\'s apartment without giving him vital information. Babe is later abducted from his apartment by the two men who mugged him in the park, and he is tortured by Szell. During his torture, Babe is repeatedly asked "Is it safe?" but continues to deny any knowledge. Babe is then rescued by Janeway, who explains that Szell is in America to sell off a large cache of diamonds which he had taken from Jews killed at Auschwitz. Janeway presses Babe about Doc\'s dying words, but Babe still insists he knows nothing. Frustrated, Janeway reveals himself as a double agent and returns Babe to Szell. Still unable to extract anything from Babe, Szell drills into one of his healthy teeth. Babe eventually escapes, aided by his skills as a marathon runner. Babe phones Elsa, who agrees to meet him with a car. Arriving at a country home, Babe guesses that Elsa has set him up, forcing her to confess that the home was owned by Szell\'s deceased brother. Janeway and Szell\'s men arrive, but Babe takes Elsa hostage. Janeway kills Szell\'s men and offers to let Babe kill Szell in revenge for Doc\'s death if Janeway can have the diamonds. Babe agrees, but as he leaves, Janeway tries to shoot Babe, but kills Elsa instead. Babe then shoots Janeway. Attempting to determine the value of his diamonds, Szell visits an appraiser in the Diamond District in midtown Manhattan. A shop assistant who is a Holocaust survivor believes he recognizes Szell as a war criminal. After Szell hurriedly leaves the shop, an elderly Jewish woman also recognizes him. Trying to cross the street to get closer to Szell, the woman is hit by a taxi, causing a crowd to assemble to aid her. Amidst the confusion, the shop assistant appears again, directly confronting Szell, who slits the man\'s throat. Szell retrieves his diamonds but, as he attempts to leave, Babe forces him at gunpoint into Central Park. Babe tells Szell he can keep as many diamonds as he can swallow. Szell initially refuses, and Babe begins throwing the diamonds into the water. Szell relents and swallows one diamond, but then refuses to cooperate further. Babe throws the rest of the diamonds down the steps towards the water; Szell dives for them, but stumbles, and falls on his own knife blade. Babe heads out into Central Park, stopping to throw his gun into the reservoir.'] ['The film begins with military drums and a shot of a bearded Robert Wagner behind barbed wire wearing dirty fatigues with the dark shadow of missing chevrons. A long tracking shot follows his release from the stockade as the music becomes the Dies Irae and the screen credits roll. When the United States gets involved in the war, Gifford\'s National Guard unit is called to active service with the United States Army. Gifford\'s father-in-law is the Colonel ([[Robert Keith  commanding his regiment. Despite Gifford\'s wealth and commanding position in civilian life, he is not a commissioned officer but a platoon sergeant. As opposed to his callous treatment of sharecroppers viewed in flashback, Gifford becomes friends with three privates in his platoon whose company he prefers over those of his own rank. Though capably leading his platoon earns him a Silver Star medal for valour, Gifford outwardly shows signs of fear, battle fatigue, and neurosis. These weaknesses intensify when his father-in-law is killed. When a frightened lieutenant machine guns his three friends out of panic and inexperience, Gifford attempts to beat him to death with his rifle butt. Gifford is subdued, reduced in rank to private, and imprisoned. Gifford is summoned by Lt. Colonel Miles . Because he had earned a Silver Star, he is given a choice of being sentenced to the United States Disciplinary Barracks in Leavenworth or transferred to George Company, a de facto punishment company assigned to a dangerous area of the front lines. Gifford chooses the punishment company, which is commanded by Captain Grimes, a former First Sergeant . Captain Grimes insists everyone call him "Waco", wears no rank insignia and forbids military salutes lest he become a target for snipers. Everyone in George Company hates Waco except for some pre-war regular army comrades-in-arms , who act as Waco\'s personal bodyguards. Impressed by Gifford\'s combat record, Waco offers him a membership in his private circle as a radio operator. This ends when Gifford beats up Homeier for making remarks about his wife\'s photograph. Waco burns the photograph and exiles him to a forward platoon on outpost duty under the leadership of a lieutenant called Little Joe . Gifford forms a friendship with former sharecropper Willie Crawford . Gifford is sent back to company HQ with reports for Waco from Little Joe. Upon returning to the company Gifford is later tasked by Waco with leading a small six man patrol to check a town near the front lines. It is a dangerous assignment but Gifford executes it well. The patrol finds the town abandoned. Gifford takes a small sign off the front door of the town\'s church. The sign names the church and the town. While returning to their unit Gifford and his men spot a platoon strength Japanese Imperial Army unit armed with mortars heading back towards the hills near George Company\'s Headquarters. Gifford reports his findings to Waco. Waco accuses Gifford of not going to the town but hiding in the hills. Gifford tosses the sign from the town\'s church on Waco\'s desk. Then the headquarters receives a heavy artillery barrage from the Japanese mortars that Gifford warned Waco about. After the attack Waco apologizes to Gifford and commends him for his leadership on the patrol. Waco is then shot and killed by a Japanese sniper for returning a salute from some of his soldiers. Gifford leads several soldiers back up to Little Joe\'s platoon as reinforcements. They beat off several enemy attacks. Eventually after the last attack Gifford and Crawford are the sole survivors. With Crawford wounded in the leg, Crawford orders Gifford make it through the lines alone to warn the Company of an impending large attack. At first Gifford refuses to leave Crawford behind, but Crawford insists, pointing a pistol at Gifford and saying its an order. Gifford fights his way through Japanese soldiers to make his way back to the Company but he is wounded along the way. Upon reaching the company he finds that most of the Battalion has come up to begin a new offensive. Gifford warns them about the Japanese units that massing in the hills. He demands that help be sent to rescue Crawford. Just at that moment a patrol comes in with Crawford on a stretcher. Crawford and Gifford are told because of their wounds they are being shipped home. Gifford tells Crawford that he wants Crawford to live with him and his family at his mansion back home and he can have a job at Gifford\'s company.'] ['The film is set in London on the third or fourth anniversary of a nuclear war which lasted two minutes and twenty-eight seconds, including signing the peace treaty. Three  years after the nuclear holocaust, the survivors wander amidst the debris. Penelope is 17 months pregnant and lives with her lover, Alan, and her parents in a tube train on the  Circle Line. Other survivors include Captain Bules Martin, who holds a "Defeat of England" medal, as he was unable to save Buckingham Palace from disintegration during the war. Lord Fortnum  is fearful that he will mutate into the "bed sitting room" of the title. Mate is a fireguard, except that there is nothing left to burn. Shelter Man is a Regional Seat of Government who survived the war in a fallout shelter and spends his days looking at old films  and reminiscing about the time he shot his wife and his mother as they pleaded with him to let them in his shelter. Similarly, the "National Health Service" is the name of a male nurse, although overwhelmed by the extent of the war. Finally, there are two policemen, who hover overhead in the shell of a Morris Minor Panda car that has been made into a makeshift balloon, and shout "keep moving" at any survivors they see to offset the \'danger\' of them becoming a \'target\' in the unlikely event of another outbreak of hostilities. Lord Fortnum travels to 29 Cul de Sac Place and actually does become a bed sitting room. Penelope\'s mother is provided with a death certificate, after which she turns into a wardrobe. Penelope is forced to marry Martin because of his "bright future", despite her love for Alan. Her father is initially selected to become Prime Minister due to "his inseam measurements," but unfortunately, he mutates into a parrot and is eaten due to the starvation conditions that prevail. Penelope finally gives birth, but her monstrous mutant progeny dies. It emerges that Martin is impotent, so he yields marriage consummation to Alan. Penelope has a second child, which is normal, and there is an indication of hope for the future of the country amidst the devastation when it transpires that a team of surgeons have developed a cure for the mutations involving full-body transplant. Finally, a military band pays homage to Mrs. Ethel Shroake of 393A High Street, Leytonstone, the late Queen\'s former charwoman, and closest in succession to the throne.'] ["After down and out Las Vegas cab driver Jerry Logan  picks up a fare who is then murdered in a high speed chase, he discovers a million dollars left behind in his cab, and decides to run with it. Soon, the mob's most relentless hired gun, David Eckhart  is enlisted to retrieve the money and terminate Jerry. What follows is a deadly game of cat and mouse that can only end with one man left standing."] ["The film opens in documentary fashion at a Sardinian elementary school that six-year old Gavino  is attending. His tyrannical peasant father  barges in and announces to the teacher and the students that Gavino must leave school and tend the family sheep. Under his father's watchful eyes and the victim of his sadistic behavior, Gavino passes the next fourteen years tending sheep in the Sardinian mountains. There he begins to discover things for himself and begins to rebel against his father. Gavino is rescued from his family and his isolation when he is called for military service. During his time with the army he learns about electronics, the Italian language and classical music, yearning all the while for a university education. When Gavino returns home, he declares to his father that he will attend university. His father is against this and tells him that he will throw him out of the family home. They have a nasty fight, but Gavino eventually attends university and emerges as a brilliant student. He becomes a linguist, specializing in the origins of the Sardinian language. The film ends again in documentary fashion as Gavino Ledda himself tells why he wrote his book and what Sardinian children may expect as inhabitants of a rural area with close ties to the land."] ['In Mumbai in 2006, eighteen-year-old Jamal Malik , a former street child  from the Juhu slum, is a contestant on the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, and is one question away from the grand prize. However, before the Rs. 20 million question, he is detained and interrogated by the police, who suspect him of cheating because of the impossibility of a simple "slumdog" with very little education knowing all the answers. Jamal recounts, through flashbacks, the incidents in his life which provided him with each answer. These flashbacks tell the story of Jamal, his brother Salim , and Latika . In each flashback Jamal has a point to remember one person, or song, or different things that lead to the right answer of one of the questions. The row of questions does not correspond chronologically to Jamal´s life, so the story switches between different periods  of Jamal. Some questions do not refer to points of his life , but by witness he comes to the right answer. The story of Jamal\'s life includes his managing, at age five, to obtain the autograph of Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan, which his brother then sells, followed immediately by the death of his mother during the Bombay Riots. As they flee the riot, Salim and Jamal meet Latika, another child from their slum. Salim is reluctant to take her in, but Jamal suggests that she could be the third musketeer, a character from the Alexandre Dumas novel , whose name they do not know. The three are found by Maman , a gangster who tricks and then trains street children into becoming beggars. When Jamal, Salim, and Latika learn Maman is blinding children in order to make them more effective as singing beggars, they flee by jumping onto a departing train. Latika catches up and takes Salim\'s hand, but Salim purposely lets go, and she is recaptured by the gangsters. Over the next few years, Salim and Jamal make a living travelling on top of trains, selling goods, picking pockets, working as dish washers, and pretending to be tour guides at the Taj Mahal, where they steal people\'s shoes. At Jamal\'s insistence, they return to Mumbai to find Latika, discovering from one of the singing beggars that she has been raised by Maman to become a prostitute and that her virginity is expected to fetch a high price. The brothers rescue her, and Salim draws a gun and kills Maman. Salim then manages to get a job with Javed , Maman\'s rival crime lord. Arriving at their hotel room, Salim orders Jamal to leave him and Latika alone. When Jamal refuses, Salim draws a gun on him, and Jamal leaves after Latika persuades him to go away . Years later, while working as a tea server at an Indian call centre, Jamal searches the centre\'s database for Salim and Latika. He fails in finding Latika but succeeds in finding Salim, who is now a high-ranking lieutenant in Javed\'s organisation, and they reunite. Salim is regretful for his past actions and only pleads for forgiveness when Jamal physically attacks him. Jamal then bluffs his way into Javed\'s residence and reunites with Latika. While Jamal professes his love for her, Latika asks him to forget about her. Jamal promises to wait for her every day at 5&nbsp;o\'clock at the VT station. Latika attempts to rendezvous with him, but she is recaptured by Javed\'s men, led by Salim. Jamal loses contact with Latika when Javed moves to another house, outside of Mumbai. Knowing that Latika watches it regularly, Jamal attempts to make contact with her again by becoming a contestant on the show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? He makes it to the final question, despite the hostile attitude of the show\'s host, Prem Kumar , and becomes a wonder across India. Kumar feeds Jamal the incorrect response to the penultimate question, and when Jamal still gets it right, turns him into the police on suspicion of cheating. The story is now where the movie began. Back in the interrogation room, the police inspector  calls Jamal\'s explanation "bizarrely plausible", but thinks he is not a liar and allows him to return to the show. At Javed\'s safehouse, Latika watches the news coverage of Jamal\'s miraculous run on the show. Salim, in an effort to make amends for his past behaviour, quietly gives Latika his mobile phone and car keys, and asks her to forgive him and to go to Jamal. Latika, though initially reluctant out of fear of Javed, agrees and escapes. Salim fills a bathtub with cash and sits in it, waiting for the death he knows will come when Javed discovers what he has done. Jamal\'s final question is, by coincidence, the name of the third musketeer in The Three Musketeers, a fact he never learned. Jamal uses his Phone-A-Friend lifeline to call Salim\'s cell, as it is the only phone number he knows. Latika succeeds in answering the phone just in the nick of time, and, while she does not know the answer, tells Jamal that she is safe. Relieved, Jamal randomly picks Aramis, the right answer, and wins the grand prize. Simultaneously, Javed discovers that Salim has helped Latika escape after he hears Latika on the show. He and his men break down the bathroom door, and Salim kills Javed, before being gunned down himself at the hands of Javed\'s men. With his dying breath, Salim gasps that God is great. Later that night, Jamal and Latika meet at the railway station and kiss. The movie ends with a dance scene on the platform to "Jai Ho".'] ["The film begins with Flashman making a patriotic speech to the boys of Rugby School framed by a giant Union Flag, in a scene which appears to be a parody of the opening sequence in the 1970 film Patton. There is a brief flashback to the events of the original Flashman, with the head of the Rugby School  recounting Flashman's exploits in Afghanistan. The film then follows the plot of the book, which itself largely derives from The Prisoner of Zenda. Flashman is forced by Otto von Bismarck to impersonate a Danish prince, who is about to marry a German princess . Bismarck exacts this retribution partly in revenge for his humiliation at the hands of Flashman in London; Flashman stole Bismarck's mistress Lola Montez, then manoeuvred him into boxing against a professional boxer, John Gully (played by [[Henry Cooper , at a house party. Bismarck does not wish the Princess to marry a Dane, since this may tilt the balance on the Schleswig-Holstein Question and interfere with his plans for a united Germany."] ['In the summer of 1947, a pretentious thirteen-year-old girl called "Miss" Lily Jane Bobbit is liked by two boys, who are best friends. Using the funniest vocabulary and the ever so heavy accent, she manages to win the attraction of the towns people, including the love of the two best friends. As the story continues, it must be decided as to whether or not the two boys will remain best friends, as only one of them can win Miss Bobbit\'s heart.'] ['Billy Behan is a poor 15-year-old kid in the 1930s Bronx. After the wealthy gangster Dutch Schultz takes him under his wing, Billy adopts the name of a neighborhood street and begins to work for the organization. Billy is taught the ropes by Dutch\'s business associate Otto Berman and given menial chores. Dutch, meanwhile, is busy trying to beat a rap in court and also determine whether his partner Bo Weinberg has been betraying him. Even though he likes Bo, it is Billy who eventually helps prove that Bo lied about his whereabouts. Dutch and his thugs take Bo captive and prepare to send him to a watery grave. Dutch proceeds to claim the attentions of beautiful Drew Preston, a married young socialite Bo has been seeing who clearly has a weakness for powerful, dangerous men. Facing a court case in an upstate New York rural community, Dutch brings along his "protege" Billy and the sophisticated lady Drew to put up a front of respectability, ingratiating himself to the locals with good manners and money. While his boss Dutch stands trial, Billy\'s job is to keep an eye on Drew, a free spirit who likes having Billy\'s eye on her as she bathes nude in the woods. Billy falls for her and admires his new boss, at least until witnessing first-hand exactly how ruthless a criminal Dutch really is. Unable to intervene on Bo\'s behalf, the best Billy can do in the end is try to save Drew\'s life and his own.'] ['The film begins with Charles Travis , the ex-fiancé of electronics expert Karen Ross , testing a diamond-powered communications laser in a remote part of the Congo by a dormant volcano. Charles\' friend, Jeffrey, discovers the ruins of an ancient lost city and brings Charles with him. But when Jeffrey goes to explore the city he is mysteriously killed, along with Charles. Karen, waiting in the company\'s headquarters for Charles to test the device, activates a video feed and is shocked to see a destroyed camp with several dead bodies. A shadowy animal knocks the camera over, ending the transmission. TraviCom CEO R.B. Travis , Charles\' father, reveals why they are exploring the Congo. He wants to find a rare blue diamond that is only found at the volcanic site and will help expand his communication technologies. He orders Karen to finish the mission and find the blue diamond. She makes Travis promise that he is sending her there for his son, and not simply for a diamond. Meanwhile, Dr. Peter Elliott , a primatologist at the University of California at Berkeley, and his assistant Richard  have devised a way to teach human communication to primates using a gorilla named Amy . With a special backpack and glove, her sign language is translated to a digitized voice. Despite the success, Peter is concerned that Amy is having nightmares and psychological problems. These have been partly quelled by Amy\'s painted pictures of trees and an open eye. Peter theorizes that she is painting a jungle and decides to return her to Africa, but the university is reluctant to fund the expedition. Peter is then approached by a Romanian philanthropist, Herkermer Homolka , who offers to fund the expedition. Karen, hoping to find Charles, joins Peter and provides additional funding for the trip. Upon arriving in Africa, the group is met by their expert guide Captain Munro Kelly . However, they are soon captured by the local authorities and questioned by a local militia leader  who grants them passage in exchange for a sizable bribe. As the group boards another plane, Munro reveals that Homolka has led previous safaris in search of the "Lost City of Zinj", with disastrous results. The group covertly crosses the closed Zaire border but must parachute into the jungle after their plane is shot down by Zairean soldiers. They make camp and Karen sets up equipment to contact TraviCom via satellite. The next morning, members of a ghost tribe enter the camp, claiming to have found a dead white man with the TraviCom logo on his clothes. The ghost tribe members lead the team to Bob, a member of the original TraviCom expedition. He is not actually dead but in a catatonic state and the ghost tribe perform a ritual to summon his spirit back to his body. After they revive him, Bob sees Amy and begins screaming, before coughing up blood and dying. Perplexed, the group heads deeper into the jungle by boat. Munro again presses Homolka about his obsession with the lost city, and he reveals that as a young man he found a book in Soviet Georgia that contained a drawing of the City of Zinj, where King Solomon was believed to have had a vast diamond mine. The drawing featured a peculiar decoration that resembles an open eye, the same eye that Amy has been painting. Homolka comes to the conclusion that Amy has seen Zinj and can lead the group there. Arriving at the empty camp site, the group finally discovers Zinj. Peter, Karen, Munro, Homolka, and head porter Kahega  enter the ruins while Amy, Richard and the remaining porters wait outside. While the first group searches the city, they see a certain hieroglyphic everywhere. Suddenly a hysterical Richard runs into the city, screaming in terror. He collapses dead and a gray gorilla comes out of the shadows and attacks the group. That night, they set up a secure camp, but the gray gorillas attack the perimeter after dark and are driven off by automated machine guns set up by Karen. Homolka translates the repeated hieroglyph to: "We are watching you." The group reenters the ruins, where they find hieroglyph pictures of people teaching the gorillas to be "guard dogs" for the mines and to kill anyone from stealing the diamonds. Soon they find Homolka at the entrance of Solomon\'s diamond mine. Homolka picks up handfuls of large diamonds but they are again ambushed by the gray gorillas, who appear to be living in the mine with its precious minerals. Homolka is killed and the others open fire. In a small geode within the mine, Karen and Peter find Charles\' dead body, holding a large blue diamond in his hand. Kahega and the other porters run out of ammunition and are killed. As the gorillas attack Peter, Amy arrives and fiercely protects the injured Peter from them, giving Karen enough time to load the blue diamond into her own powerful laser, which she uses as a weapon on the gorillas. The volcano then suddenly erupts, collapsing the mine into molten lava. This gives the three survivors and Amy time to escape as the gray gorillas are killed by the boiling lava. Upon escaping the collapsing city and volcano, Karen contacts Travis and informs him that she found the blue diamond, but that Charles is dead. However, when she realizes that Travis only values the diamond, she programs the laser to target Travicom\'s orbiting multimillion-dollar satellite, destroying it. Having found their crashed cargo plane, Karen has Munro set up a hot air balloon. Peter says goodbye to Amy, as she is set free in the wild and joins a group of mountain gorillas. At sunset, Peter, Karen, and Munro set off in the hot air balloon. Karen has Peter throw away the only diamond she managed to save from the mine. The balloon sails away over the jungle as Amy looks on and heads off with the mountain gorillas.'] ['In 1945, Jewel Hilburn , 39, and her husband Leston , 41, are scratching out a living in rural Mississippi, and caring for their four children: Raylene , 14; Burton , 11; Wilman , 10; and Annie , 3. All Jewel\'s kids have been mid-wived by her friend and housekeeper, Cathedral . Leston has been making a living pulling out pine stumps, selling them to be made into turpentine as part of the war effort. Cathedral\'s husband, Nelson , and their two sons, Sepulchur and Temple, all work for Leston. The Hilburns discover that they are going to have another child, and decide it will be their last. Cathedral has a premonition and warns Jewel, prophesizing that the child she will bear will be her hardship and her test in this world but that it is God\'s way of smiling down on Jewel. Jewel gives birth to a baby girl, whom they name Brenda Kay. The child appears to be fine, but in time it becomes obvious that Brenda Kay isn\'t like other children. She seems to be developing much more slowly. Even at six months old, she lies very still, where other children her age are able to roll over. Worried, they consult their local physician, Dr. Beaudry, who has his suspicions, but calls in Dr. Basket, his old teacher and the best baby doctor in the South, to make an educated diagnosis. His words to Jewel and Leston are crushing: Brenda Kay is physically and mentally disabled. She has Down syndrome, or, as he describes it as people did in that time, is \'a Mongolian Idiot\'. He recommends having her put in an institution with other children with the same condition since Brenda Kay will be a huge burden on them, especially since they already have four other children to care for. At any rate, he bluntly informs them, their daughter is unlikely to survive past her second birthday. An outraged Jewel flat out refuses, and she declares she will care for her own daughter at home and raise her there as part of the family. Dr. Beaudry tells Jewel that Brenda Kay will have a better chance at survival if she receives injections every six weeks to strengthen her bones. The injections are expensive, but Jewel determines that somehow she and her husband will manage to pay for them. For years, even when times get tough after Leston\'s job dries up and he has no work. The kids sell the vegetables the family grows on their land, Raylene quits school and gets a job, and Jewel takes in sewing work. And all that time, with enormous grit and determination, Jewel concentrates her attention on Brenda Kay, who does not die, but does not lift her head until she is one, or crawl till she is four. Every step of the way Jewel is there to bathe Brenda Kay, to feed her, change her, rock her when she cries…and encourage her. At age seven, Brenda Kay walks downstairs by herself for the first time. The constant needs of Brenda Kay often means Jewel sacrifices time and energy from her other, older children in the demands of looking after her challenged daughter. Jewel reads of The Exceptional Children\'s Foundation, a "miracle school" in Los Angeles, California that is reputed to help raise the I.Q. of children like Brenda Kay. She tries to convince Leston that all of them will have better opportunities to find good jobs there and that Brenda Kay could attend this remarkable school. While Leston considers, Burton announces he himself is going to California immediately to look for work. Brenda Kay, meanwhile, has a couple of near brushes with death. While being looked after by Cathedral, she accidentally burns her arms before Cathedral puts out the flames. She also walks into the swamp and is rescued from drowning by her older brother, Wilman. Jewel has secretly applied to The Exceptional Children\'s Foundation and has received notice that Brenda Kay will be accepted. To raise money to go to California, Jewel secretly begins to sell items from her home. Leston notices that their heirlooms are disappearing and confronts his wife. After a serious discussion, he agrees to sell their home and move to California for Brenda Kay\'s sake, but on the condition that someday they will move back to Mississippi. The entire Hilburn family moves to Los Angeles, except for Raylene, who announces her sudden marriage and stays in Mississippi. The family drives across the country and rendezvous with Burton, now working at a garage. Leston lands a job, and Brenda Kay is enrolled in the school, run by its director, Nathan White. For the first time, Brenda Kay is exposed to other children like herself. Also for the first time, Jewel is not solely responsible for her daughter. Now it is 1961, and Brenda Kay is sixteen. Jewel is still optimistic, but the school has not raised Brenda Kay\'s I.Q. Leston has a better job, and even Jewel works at Brenda Kay\'s school as an assistant teacher. White tries to convince Jewel that the time is at hand when Jewel must let go of Brenda Kay and that her ministrations are holding her daughter back. Keeping her promise to Leston, she agrees to return to Mississippi to look for a house where they can live. There, they are reunited with Cathedral and Nelson, but Leston realizes that his home is now in Los Angeles, and that his past in Mississippi is, indeed, past. Leston asks Jewel, "what will become of Brenda Kay?". They return to California and resume their new lives. Over time, but reluctantly, Jewel comes to agree with White\'s idea, and to accept the fact that her daughter, who once needed all her mother\'s love and strength to survive, must be allowed to begin to live her own life. White recommends a group home with other Down syndrome adults, run by Nancy and Larry Tindle. There, he says, Brenda Kay will learn to live separate and independent from Jewel\'s over-protective care. Jewel and Leston leave Brenda Kay at her new home and with the new friends she has made there. Jewel still visits her daughter often, but has realized the wisdom of letting her grow by herself. Letting go of the child who has been both a blessing and a burden is perhaps the hardest of the many tasks Jewel has faced, but like everything else, she confronts and accepts it with courage and love.'] ["Set in Concord, Massachusetts during and after the American Civil War, the film is a series of vignettes focusing on the struggles and adventures of the four March sisters and their mother, affectionately known as Marmee , as they await the return of their father, who is fighting with the Union Army. Spirited tomboy Jo , who caters to the whims of their well-to-do Aunt March , dreams of becoming a famous author and writes plays for her sisters to perform for the local children. Amy  is pretty but selfish, Meg  works as a seamstress, and sensitive Beth  practices on her clavichord, an aging instrument sorely in need of tuning. The girls meet Laurie , who has come to live with his grandfather Mr. Laurence , the Marches' wealthy next-door neighbor. The Laurences invite them to a lavish party, where Meg meets Laurie's tutor, John Brooke . During the course of the next several months, Meg is courted by John, Jo has her first short story published, and Beth frequently takes advantage of Mr. Laurence's offer and practices on his piano. Marmee learns her husband has been wounded and is recuperating in a Washington, DC hospital, so she leaves home to care for him. During her absence, Beth contracts scarlet fever from a neighbor's baby. She recovers but is left in a weakened state. Her parents return, and Meg marries John. Laurie confesses his love to Jo, who rejects him. When he snubs her in return, Jo moves to a New York City boarding house to pursue her writing career. There she meets Professor Bhaer , an impoverished German linguist. With his help and encouragement, Jo improves her writing and resolves her confused feelings about Laurie. A debilitated Beth nears death, and Jo returns to Concord. After her sister dies, Jo learns that Amy, who accompanied Aunt March to Europe, has fallen in love with Laurie. Jo then accepts the proposal of marriage offered by the professor, and Amy and Laurie eventually wed as well."] ['The plot centers on a charismatic radio talk show host, Tom Avery , and his "mermaid researcher" girlfriend Fay . Tom has had a turbulent past with relationships and has had three divorces before the age of 40. Many of Tom\'s ex-wives turn out to be friends of Fay\'s. Fay is the opposite from Tom and has an overly high expectation of the men she dates; she expects perfection and wants to emulate her parents\' rock-solid marriage. One day, it turns out that Fay\'s parents\' marriage is not as perfect as it seemed and it breaks down suddenly, after 40 years of "wedded bliss". Fay panics and feels insecure in her own relationship and forces Tom to go to great efforts to convince the woman who has become his fiancée that their relationship is different and that they are meant for each other.'] ['Bukowski\'s book, which is also titled Factotum, was published in 1975. The book and the film both center on the character of Henry Chinaski, Bukowski’s alter ego, who appears in much of his fiction. Although the book takes place in the 1940s in Los Angeles, the film is contemporary, and although it clearly is supposed to take place in an American city, the exact city is never specified. In the film, Chinaski  is working toward becoming a writer and follows his own advice, quoting from one of Bukowski\'s own poems, "Roll The Dice," that "If you\'re going to try, go all the way." The film follows Chinaski as he works and gets fired from various, low-level jobs  while befriending various people including a co-worker, Manny , who shares his love of gambling at the racetrack, and a couple of women he meets at bars. The first woman that we see Chinaski meet in a bar, and who ends up being his most consistent companion throughout the film, is Jan , who, like Chinaski, is also an alcoholic. Soon after meeting Chinaski, she moves in with him in his cheap apartment, and becomes his lover and drinking partner. They co-exist comfortably in squalor until Chinaski becomes upset with Jan after discovering that he\'s contracted an STD from her. Then after Chinaski starts a new job, Jan gets upset with him and starts a fight, arguing that he\'s becoming "more respectable" and conformist. They break up after the fight, deciding that their relationship has become boring and predictable and that they no longer really need each other. While he\'s unemployed again and trying to score his next drink, he meets another female barfly, Laura , who feels sorry for Chinaski and helps him procure alcohol with the help of her wealthy "sugardaddy," an eccentric older man named Pierre. After a strange misadventure on Pierre\'s boat, Chinaski briefly returns to Jan whom Chinaski eventually tracks down at a hotel where she\'s working as a maid. However, by the film\'s end, Chinaski finds that he\'s most comfortable being alone with just his alcohol and his writing to keep him company.'] ['The ordinary life of surgeon Bruno Hamel  is destroyed when his daughter Jasmine  is raped and murdered in a park. Upon learning that the police apprehended the prime suspect, laborer Anthony Lemaire , Hamel plans to take revenge. He abducts Lemaire while he is being brought to his trial by drugging the officer driving the transport vehicle and brings him to secluded cabin. Using a remote-controlled computer to conceal his location, Hamel calls the police to inform them that he plans to murder Lemaire in seven days, the seventh day being Jasmine\'s birthday. After killing him, Hamel will give himself up to the police. Police detective Mercure  leads the investigation to discover Hamel\'s whereabouts. Mercure himself suffered a personal tragedy when his wife was killed during a grocery store robbery. Though Mercure acknowledges that the imprisonment of his wife\'s killer hasn\'t made his life more bearable, he becomes determined to stop Hamel before he commits murder. Over the course of the seven days, Hamel brutally tortures Lemaire. Initially frightened and in incredible pain, Lemaire starts to accept his fate and mocks Hamel for not enjoying himself as he inflicts painful injuries on him. Lemaire eventually admits to raping and murdering Jasmine, along with three other girls. Hamel contacts a news station to have the families of Lemaire\'s victims informed about his captive\'s confession. When the mother of one of Lemaire\'s victims disapproves of his actions, Hamel kidnaps her and forces her to see Lemaire. By the seventh day, the police locate Hamel\'s cabin. Hamel gives himself up and lets Lemaire live. As the police lead him away, a reporter asks him if he still believes vengeance is right. Hamel responds with a "No." However, when asked if he regrets what he\'s done, he gives the same answer.'] ['The film begins in 2010, with a 65-year-old Howard Marks going onto a stage in front of a packed theater to great applause. Marks asks if there are any plain-clothes policemen sat in the audience, to which the reply is negative. Then, whilst lighting up a joint, Marks asks "who here is a marijuana smoker?", to even greater applause. The film then diverts into Marks\' internal monologue as he recounts his life. Born in the Welsh valleys in 1945, young Howard Marks  - nicknamed Mr. Nice - excels academically to much higher than the national standard of the United Kingdom. This remarkable aptitude earns him a scholarship to Oxford University at nineteen years old, reading philosophy and physics, but Mark\'s destiny changes forever one night when dutifully studying alone in his dorm. A beautiful, rebellious and hedonistic foreign exchange student from Latvia, Ilze Kadegis  - breaks into Marks\' room, looking for a secret passageway within. Marks follows Kadegis through the secret passageway and into a forgotten storage space used by one of the school\'s top marijuana dealers, Graham Plinson . Kadegis seduces Marks, and introduces him to cannabis for the first time. For the next few years, Marks becomes an enthusiastic customer of Plinson\'s, and continues his love affairs with both Kadegis and cannabis; the group enjoy a series of wilder and wilder nights, with their academic lives suffering as a result. Circumstances change for the worse when Plinson introduces the group to LSD. When rich heir Joshua Macmillan, a friend of Marks\', dies of overdose, and Marks impales his foot on a spike, Marks vows off ever touching drugs again - or at least the harder variety of drugs. The trio of Marks, Kadegis and Plinson promise to each other to turn over a new leaf, and they pass their scholarships through some intense last-minute revision, and a little cheating. They then all move onto teacher training jobs at the University of London in 1967, where Marks hastily marries Kadegis. Fractures begin appearing in the early stages of the marriage, with Marks becoming despondent, apathetic, and suspecting Kadegis of having an affair. What\'s more, Marks gets into trouble at the London University for "having long hair and flashy suits". When plans to bring a large cache of hashish into England via Germany go wrong with Plinson getting arrested, Marks steps in to help - figuring he has nothing left to lose anyway. Marks goes to Germany and drives the car with the stash inside across the borders himself, simply driving through customs. The customs officers are on the lookout for Plinson\'s crew, but do not know Marks, who sails through without incident. Marks says the thrill of getting away with it was like "religious flash and an asexual orgasm". When selling the hashish back in London to an Arab oil sheik named Saleem Malik , Marks makes a fortune, and swifty becomes addicted to this new but dangerous lifestyle as a big league marijuana trafficker - eventually running a large percentage of the world\'s cannabis. It is a path that will lead Marks face-to-face with terrorists, government agents, and lose him his freedom to one of the toughest prisons in the United States in 1988, through to the present day as a media personality and cult hero.'] ["A tabby cat (after escaping from Cujo and almost being hit by [[Christine  hitches a ride on a delivery truck to New York City. The cat hears the disembodied voice of a young girl pleading for help because something is out to get her. The cat is soon captured up by an employee from Quitters, Inc.  Cigarette smoker Dick Morrison , recommended by a friend, joins Quitters, Inc. to kick his habit. Clinic counselor Dr. Vinnie Donatti ([[Alan King , who intimates that he is with the mafia, explains the clinic's uniquely persuasive method — every time Dick smokes a cigarette, horrors of increasing magnitude will befall his wife and child. Using the cat that Donatti's assistant Junk has caught in the street, Donatti demonstrates the first of these horrors: the cat is locked in a cage and tormented with electric shocks. Donatti explains that if his new client should be caught with a cigarette, Dick's wife Cindy will be subjected to the same shocks while he is forced to watch. For subsequent infractions, his young daughter will be subjected to the shocks, then his wife raped, and after the fourth infraction, they give up . Not wanting to worry them, Dick hides the looming threat from his wife and daughter. During a stressful traffic jam, Dick ultimately cannot resist temptation and smokes, not realizing he is being watched by Junk. After watching Cindy suffer in the electric cage, Dick is determined never to smoke again and tells his wife everything. Time passes, and Dick is apparently smoke-free at last, but has put on a little weight as a result of quitting. Dr. Donatti prescribes diet pills and jokingly warns that if Dick does not reduce his weight, he will cut off his wife's little finger. Later Dick and his wife have a dinner party with the friends that recommended Quitters Inc., and they toast the company for a job well done. As she raises her glass, Dick discovers the friend's wife is missing her little finger.  The cat  travels to Atlantic City, New Jersey, where it hears the same disembodied girl's voice asking for his help. Meanwhile, gambler and former tennis pro Johnny Norris  is involved with a woman whose estranged but jealous husband is a crime boss and casino owner Cressner ([[Kenneth McMillan . Cressner, who will bet on anything, wins a wager that the cat will successfully cross the busy road outside his casino. He takes the cat home. Cressner has Norris kidnapped. As an amusing form of revenge, Cressner blackmails Norris into a dangerous ordeal: Norris must circumnavigate the exterior ledge of Cressner's penthouse apartment in a gothic skyscraper. If he can make it all the way around, Cressner will grant his wife a divorce. If Norris refuses, Cressner will call the police and have him arrested for possession of drugs, which have been planted in Norris' Mustang. Norris agrees. During the circumnavigation attempt Cressner appears on balconies and at windows to taunt and distract him. Despite Cressner's efforts, Norris makes it back to the apartment, where Norris learns Mrs. Cressner has been dead the whole time. A fight ensues, leaving Albert  dead and Norris in possession of a gun. Norris forces Cressner to undergo the same ordeal on the ledge, but the casino owner is less successful  and falls to his death while the cat, who escaped during the fight, watches.  The cat hops a freight train and travels to Wilmington, North Carolina, where it is adopted by a little girl, Amanda , who names him General. The cat runs afoul of the girl's mother , who believes he will harm their pet parakeet. Despite Amanda's protests, the mother puts General out at night. As a consequence, he is unable to protect Amanda from a malevolent troll that has also taken up residence in the house until he manages to find another way in. The troll kills the parakeet and then tries to steal Amanda's breath, but General comes in and battles the troll. The troll escapes, leaving Amanda and her parents to discover the death of the budgie. The parents are convinced that General killed the bird, but the father discovers a wound on the cat  and starts to doubt the mother's belief that the bird caused the wound. General is then taken to the animal shelter by the mother and is scheduled to be euthanized the next day , but General escapes when given food and makes his way back to the girl's house. General again battles and successfully defeats the troll, causing a great deal of noise. The ruckus awakens her parents, who are initially incapable of getting to her due to the door being blocked. Once they manage to get into her room, the girl explains to them that General saved her from the troll. The parents are at first unwilling to believe the story until part of the troll's corpse is discovered as well as the dagger that caused General's wound. Amanda uses the justification that General will keep her safe in case others like her first assailant appear, and General is allowed to stay inside at night to act as a protector for Amanda. The cat finally has a home."] ["Young orphan Oliver Twist is forcibly brought to a workhouse in an unidentified town In England on his ninth birthday. He and the other resident children are treated poorly and given very little food. Facing starvation, the boys select Oliver  to ask for more food at the next meal, which he tentatively does. This results in Oliver being chastised, and the workhouse officials, who are wealthy, well-fed, hypocritical men, decide to get rid of him. After nearly being sold as an apprentice to a cruel chimney sweep, Oliver is sent to Mr. Sowerberry, a coffin-maker, whose wife and senior apprentice take an instant dislike to the newcomer. After more poor treatment, Oliver snaps and attacks Noah, the snotty older apprentice, for having insulted his mother. Knowing his life with the Sowerberrys will only get worse, Oliver escapes on foot. With little food, Oliver determines to walk 70 miles to London. After he collapses from exhaustion, a kindly old woman gives him food and lodgings for the night. After a week of travel, he arrives at the city, barefoot and penniless. He meets Jack Dawkins, or “The Artful Dodger,” a boy-thief who takes Oliver to his home and hideout at Saffron Hill that he shares with many other young pickpockets and their eccentric elderly leader, Fagin. Soon, Oliver is being groomed to join their gang. On his first outing with the pickpockets, two of the boys steal a man’s handkerchief and Oliver is framed. However he is proven innocent by an eyewitness, and the owner of the handkerchief  takes pity on Oliver, who had collapsed from a fever in the courtroom. Brownlow informally adopts Oliver, giving him new clothes and the promise of a good education. However, while out running an errand for Brownlow, Oliver is forcibly returned to the pickpocket gang by Fagin’s associate, the evil Bill Sikes, and the young prostitute Nancy . Fagin and Sikes worried that Oliver would “peach,” and tell the authorities about their criminal activity. Oliver is put under supervision until Bill Sikes discovers the boy’s connection to the rich Mr. Brownlow. Sikes and his accomplice, Toby Crackit, force Oliver to aid them in robbing Brownlow’s house. They are discovered and Oliver is wounded in a brief shootout between Brownlow and Sikes. As the three escape, Bill decides to murder Oliver to ensure his silence, but falls into a nearby river before he can take action. Sikes survives his near-drowning, but is confined to bed with a heavy fever. Fagin, despite treating Oliver kindly, remains crime-focused and plots with Sikes to kill Oliver when Sikes has recovered. Nancy has a maternal love for Oliver and does not want to see him hurt, but she is controlled by the abusive Sikes. She drugs Bill, and goes to Brownlow’s house where she arranges to have him meet her on London Bridge at midnight so she can provide information about Oliver. At the meeting, Nancy cautiously reveals that Oliver is staying with Fagin, and that the authorities will easily find them. Brownlow leaves to call the police. The Artful Dodger, who had been sent by a suspicious Fagin to spy on Nancy, had heard everything and is bullied by Bill Sikes to give up the information. Sikes is furious at Nancy’s betrayal, and brutally beats her to death in their apartment. The next day, information about Oliver and Fagin appear in the newspaper, along with Nancy’s murder and Sikes is a suspect. Sikes’s ever-present dog, Bullseye, is a dead giveaway to his identity. After unsuccessfully trying to kill the dog, Sikes takes up residence with Toby Crackit. Fagin, Oliver, and the boys are hiding there too, after escaping their previous location before the police could find it. Bullseye escapes his master’s cruelty, and leads a group of police and locals to the group’s hideout. Eventually, Dodger, outraged at Sikes for killing the good-hearted Nancy, reveals their location to authorities. Bill Sikes takes Oliver onto the roof, knowing they won't shoot if the boy is with him. When trying to scale the building using a rope, Sikes, distracted by his dog, loses his footing and accidentally hangs himself. Some time later, Oliver is living comfortably with Mr. Brownlow again. Fagin was arrested , and Oliver wishes to visit him in jail. Brownlow takes him to the prison, where they find Fagin ranting and wailing in his cell. Oliver is distraught at Fagin’s fate, as he had been something of a father figure to Oliver. As Mr. Brownlow escorts a tearful Oliver to a carriage, gallows are being set up in the courtyard. Townspeople begin to gather to watch Fagin’s execution."] ['In March 1975, biological warfare between the People\'s Republic of China and the Soviet Union kills most of the world\'s population. U.S. Army Col. Robert Neville, M.D. , a scientist based in Los Angeles, California, begins to succumb to the ensuing plague but manages to inject himself with an experimental vaccine just in time, rendering himself immune. Meanwhile, the plague\'s surviving victims in Los Angeles, join together as "The Family," a cult of crazed nocturnal albino mutants who seek to destroy all technology and Neville. Two years later in August 1977, Neville believes he is the plague\'s only survivor. Struggling to maintain his sanity, he spends his days patrolling the deserted city, hunting and destroying members of the Family. At night, living atop a fortified apartment building equipped with an arsenal of weaponry, he is a prisoner in his own home. The Family wants to destroy him, believing him to be a last remnant of the old culture. As Neville takes his time "shopping\' for a new leisure suit, he spots a "living Playtex Doll" mannequin which he chases into the overgrown park. Neville decides he is seeing things and dismisses the human sighting. One day, the Family captures Neville in a wine cellar. After a summary trial he is found guilty of heresy by Jonathan Matthias , a former news anchor who is now leader of the Family. Neville is sentenced to death and nearly burned at the stake in the center of Dodger Stadium. He is rescued by Lisa , the woman he had earlier seen while on patrol, and Dutch , a former medical student familiar with Neville\'s work. Lisa and Dutch are part of a group of survivors, some of whom are young children. Although infected, their youth has given them some resistance to the disease and its symptoms are slow to manifest. Nevertheless, given enough time, they will succumb to mutation. Neville realizes that even if it is possible to duplicate the original vaccine, it would take years to salvage humanity. However, he believes it may be possible to extend his immunity to others by creating a serum from his own blood. Neville, Lisa, and Lisa\'s teenage brother Ritchie  return to the bunker, where the older two begin treating Ritchie. Robert and Lisa become romantic just as the generator runs out of fuel and the lights go off. The Family decides to attack, sending Brother Zachary to climb up the outside of Neville\'s bunker. Neville leaves Lisa upstairs as he goes to the basement garage to restart the generator. Neville returns to the living quarters to find Lisa pointing a sub-machine gun at him as he leaves the elevator. Neville scares Lisa by firing at Brother Zachary who falls out the balcony window to his death. If the serum works, Neville and Lisa plan to leave the ravaged city with the rest of the survivors and start a new life in the wilderness, leaving the Family behind to die. Neville is successful in creating the serum and administers it to Richie, who is on the verge of the advanced mutant stage of the plague. Once cured, Richie  goes to the Family to try to convince them to take the serum. Matthias refuses to believe that Neville would try to help them, accuses Richie of being sent by Neville to harm them and has Richie executed. Neville discovers Richie’s body strung up and left as bait to draw Neville outside after dark. Enraged, Neville fights off the Family after they force his car off the road. Meanwhile, Lisa unexpectedly changes into a nocturnal albino mutant and betrays Neville by giving the Family access to his bunker. Returning home, Neville is confronted by Matthias, who forces him to watch as the Family sets his home on fire. Neville breaks free and, once outside with Lisa, he turns and raises his sub-machine gun to shoot Matthias, who is looking down from the balcony. The gun jams, giving Matthias enough time to hurl a spear at Neville, mortally wounding him. The final scene shows the human survivors, led by Dutch, departing in a Land Rover. They discover a dying Neville lying in a fountain, who hands Dutch a flask of blood serum, presumably with which to restore humanity, shortly after which Neville dies. Dutch takes Lisa and the survivors away as they leave the city for good. The Family is left to die, as Neville had planned.'] ['A Chinese man robs the Bank of England. To evade the police, he becomes the valet for Phileas Fogg, an inventor. Phileas is trying to break the 50-mph speed barrier, and after succeeding with the help of Passepartout, they head to the Royal Academy of Science. There, Fogg is insulted by the other "brilliant minds", in particular William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin, who believes that everything worth discovering has already been discovered. Phileas is pressured into a bet to see whether he can travel around the world in 80 days. If he wins he will become Minister of Science in Lord Kelvin\'s place, if not he will destroy his lab and never invent anything again. Phileas and Passepartout start their journey around the world, taking a carriage and leaving London after a confrontation with Inspector Fix, a corrupt officer hired by the Royal Academy of Science to stop them. Passepartout and Phileas journey to Paris. Pretending to take Phileas to a convention with Thomas Edison, Passepartout leads him to an art school where Phileas meets Monique La Roche, a would-be impressionist. There, Passepartout is attacked by warriors sent by General Fang, who is after the Jade Buddha that he stole. Fang had previously given it to Kelvin in exchange for military assistance in China. When Monique learns of Phileas\'s ambition, she convinces them to take her with them. They depart in a hot-air balloon, chased by Fang\'s warriors. Whilst on the Orient Express, Monique learns that Passepartout is trying to return the Jade Buddha back to his village, and is travelling with Phileas to get there quickly. Monique keeps his secret in exchange for him convincing Phileas to let her travel with him. They travel to Turkey, where they are greeted by Prince Hapi. The Prince orders Monique to stay as his seventh wife while the men are ordered to leave. The men blackmail Prince Hapi into releasing Monique using a prized but apparently flimsy "The Thinker" statue of the Prince. The statue is destroyed but the three travellers escape. Lord Kelvin learns that Phileas has been involuntarily abetting a thief\'s escape. He orders the British colonial authorities in India to arrest both. Passepartout sees notice of the price on his head and warns his companions. Disguised as women they evade the police but are attacked by Fang\'s warriors. Using Inspector Fix and a sextant as weapons, they defeat their assailants and flee to China. Passepartout leads his friends to his village where they are happily greeted. They spend several days there and are attacked by the Black Scorpions. Phileas, Monique and Passepartout, whose name is revealed to be Lau Xing, are held captive. Lau Xing challenges the leader of the group to a fight. At first he fights alone and is defeated; moments later he is joined by the martial arts masters of the "Ten Tigers of Canton", of which he is one. The Tigers drive the Black Scorpions from the village and free the Westerners. The Buddha is returned to the village temple. Phileas, unhappy that his companions used him, leaves China alone. He travels to San Francisco and is tricked out of his money. He is found by Lau Xing and Monique. In the desert they find the Wright brothers and the three inventors discuss the flying machine. Phileas finds the brothers\' plans brilliant but suggests a few changes. Lau Xing, Monique, and Phileas\' next stop is New York City, where a crowd greets them, making it impossible for them to reach their ship. A policeman takes them through a building he claims is a shortcut, but it is an ambush. Fang\'s minions made arrangements with Lord Kelvin to take Lau Xing\'s village and tap the jade reserves underneath it, but if Phileas wins the bet Lord Kelvin will not have the means to help them. A battle against Fang and her minions commences in the workshop where the Statue of Liberty was constructed, ending in Fang being knocked out by Monique. The three friends are victorious. Though Phileas could have gotten the boat, he misses it to help Lau Xing. Phileas feels he has lost, but the other two say they may still make it if they catch the next ship. They board an old ship and Phileas convinces the captain to let him build a plane out of the ship\'s old wood in exchange for a new ship. Using the changed Wright brothers\' plans, Phileas builds a plane while the ship\'s crew builds a catapult to launch it into the sky. They reach London, where the machine falls apart and they crash in front of the Royal Academy. Lord Kelvin sends police to stop them from making it to the top step of the Royal Academy of Science, and the clock strikes noon, ending the wager. Lord Kelvin proclaims himself the victor. Monique, Fix and other ministers attest to Kelvin\'s unfair methods and his bullying nature, but Kelvin scoffs at them. In the process he insults Queen Victoria, who is nearby listening. She learned that he had sold her arsenal to Fang in exchange for jade mines in China thanks to one of his aides. Kelvin is arrested, but vows revenge on all of England, especially Phileas. Phileas realizes he is one day early thanks to crossing the international date line. He ascends the stairs of the Academy and kisses Monique, victorious in his bet.'] ['Homicide inspector Lindsay Boxer , teams up with three other professional women, to investigate a serial killer who target newlyweds on their wedding night. While trying to solve the biggest case of her career, she finds herself falling for her partner  and battling a life-threatening illness.'] ['The film follows the growing obsession of a psychiatrist for a good-time girl  and the resulting tragedy this leads to.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}'] ['Cornelia Van Gorder  is a mystery author who lives in a town terrorized by a mysterious murderer known only as "The Bat". The Bat is said to be a man with no face who murders women at night by ripping out their throats with steel claws. Early in the film, The Bat enters Van Gorder\'s house and releases a bat, which bites van Gorder\'s maid Lizzy . With Lizzy in a panic, fearing she may now have contracted "the rabies", an outbreak of which local papers have reported. Van Gorder calls her doctor, Dr Malcolm Wells , who is conducting research on bats. Meanwhile, the whole town is searching for a million-dollar stash of looted bank securities that were recently stolen. Dr. Wells discovers the location of the treasure when the thief confides in him. Wells then murders the thief in cold blood, presumably so that he can take the treasure for himself, which he believes to be hidden in van Gorder\'s house. A series of break-ins and murders by The Bat brings the local chief of detectives, Andy Anderson ([[Gavin Gordon  to the Van Gorder house. The Bat then murders two people in the Van Gorder house, Mark Fleming  and Judy Hollander . Anderson attempts to determine the identity of The Bat, suspecting both Wells and Van Gorder\'s new butler, Warner ([[John Sutton . Wells is removed from suspicion, however, when he is murdered by The Bat in his lab. Miss Van Gorder cleverly manages to capture The Bat inside the secret room in her house. The Bat shoots a detective named Davenport ([[Robert Williams , he is then shot by Warner. Warner unmasks The Bat and he is revealed to be Lieutenant Anderson.'] ["In the summer of 1946, Alec Ramsay  is traveling aboard the steamer Drake off the coast of North Africa, when he sees a wild black stallion being heavily restrained by ropes leading to his halter and forced into a makeshift stable on the ship. Captivated by the sight of the animal, he later returns and feeds it some sugar cubes, but is caught by the supposed owner, who shoves him away, telling him in Arabic to stay away from Shetan . Later, in their stateroom, Alec's father shows him the objects he won in a card game. He gives him a pocket knife and a small statue of Bucephalus, Alexander the Great's horse, from the loot and tells him the story of how Alexander became Bucephalus' master. Later that night, he is thrown from his bunk by the violent rocking of the ship. Emerging on deck, he finds that it has caught fire and is sinking. In the chaos, he sees the black stallion trapped and manages to free him with his knife. It then jumps overboard into the sea. Alec himself is thrown overboard. Trying to stay afloat in the water, he swims toward the horse and manages to grab hold of its restraints just as the ship explodes. Alec awakens alone on the shore of an uninhabited island. At first he is sad and frightened. Exploring, he comes upon the horse, trapped again by his ropes which have become caught in some rocks. Once more he manages to free it, but it runs away. He discovers means to survive by catching fish and gathering seaweed. One morning he awakens to find himself eye to eye with an angry cobra. He is paralyzed with fear. Suddenly the horse appears and tramples it, saving his life. It then runs off again. Alec decides to try to get closer to the horse. He offers him some seaweed. It struggles with his distrust of humans, but the act of taking the food from the boy's hand seals the bond between them. They play together, running and swimming. Finally he mounts him, and after several attempts to stay on, he rides him and the two gallop together over the island, united as one. One day a Portuguese fishing ship arrives. Several men row a small boat to the island, and Alec calls out to them. They try to take him forcibly off the island without the horse. But it swims out into the ocean and follows them, and so both of them are taken onto the ship and rescued. Back home in America, Alec is given a hero's welcome. He keeps the horse, which he has named The Black, in his backyard, but one morning he runs out the gate which a garbage man has left open. Spooked by the traffic in the street, he flees through the town. Alec gives chase but finally loses track of him. The next day, he meets an elderly horse owner named Snoe  who tells him where The Black is. He finds him in the barn of Henry Dailey , a retired jockey. He vigorously asserts his ownership of him, but Henry attempts to claim him himself, having spent all night trying to catch him. But when he sees the bond between the two, he realizes that he really does belong to Alec. Eating breakfast in Henry's kitchen, Alec looks out the window to where The Black is standing and realizes that he is at home on the farm. Henry offers Alec the use of a stall in which to keep him. Later Alec wonders how fast The Black might be, and he and Henry decide to train him for the racetrack. Henry teaches Alec to be a jockey. The Black surprises him with his speed. He conceives a plan to get him into a race involving the country's two current champions. He sets up a secret demonstration at night for a reporter to witness his speed, keeping the identity of him and Alec secret. The news about the mystery horse has spread, and he is allowed to enter the race. Alec's mother  at first refuses to let him ride in it but then relents, seeing how important it is to him. The race is the most anticipated horse racing event of the year. Heading for the starting gate alongside the two champions, The Black gets into a fight with one of his opponents, sustaining a wound to his leg. Alec does not see it until he is in the gate. As he begins to dismount, the bell rings and the horses take off. He desperately tries to stay on The Black and stop him, but he keeps running. When Alec regains his balance, The Black is far behind his opponents. But he encourages him to run as fast as he can, and they are soon back in the race. As they head for the finish, he thinks back to the two of them galloping along the island's sandy beach, and The Black overtakes the other horses and wins by two lengths. Later, a veterinarian assures Alec that the horse will recover from his injury. The film ends with Alec holding the small statue of Bucephalus while The Black inspects it with curiosity."] ['Twenty-seven-year-old St. Louis advertising executive Max Baron  has completely shut himself off from the world in the two years since the auto accident death of his wife . On the way to the bachelor party of his friend Neil  he picks up 50 burgers from a diner, however he realises that the order is six burgers short and returns to White Palace to complain. Following a heated exchange with the waitress Nora Baker , he gets his money refunded and returns to the party. He leaves the party drunk and runs into Nora at a bar, he gives her a lift home but crashes his car into her mailbox, he stays the night, and they sleep together. After visiting his wife\'s grave on the second anniversary of her death Max returns to the White Palace to see Nora, but misses her. He visits her at home, with the pretext of replacing the mailbox but instead they begin a relationship, with Max becoming more open and relaxed, but reluctant to reveal his relationship to his family and friends. Max attempts to introduce Nora to culture, but she resists, feeling the age difference and their cultural differences put a strain on the relationship. Nora is angry that Max didn\'t take her to Neil\'s wedding, and they argue about why Max won\'t introduce Nora to his family and friends. Nora\'s sister Judy  meets Max the following day and explains to him how they were abandoned as children and how she left Nora in care. Judy explains how Nora was devastated when her son died. While at the supermarket Max runs into Neil\'s wife, Rachel  who invites him and his "mystery woman" to Thanksgiving. At Max\'s apartment Nora hears a message on his answering machine inviting them to the Horowitz\'s for Thanksgiving, and the both resolve to attend. At the dinner with Neil, Rachel, Mrs Baron , and Max\'s friends and the Horowitz\'s extended family Nora and Max are made to feel uncomfortable, and following a remark by Neil\'s father they walk out. After the dinner Nora and Max argue. Nora quits the White Palace and leaves St Louis. Max finds her house empty and a note explaining to Max why she had to leave. He goes to a brunch and meets Heidi Solomon , but Max cannot stop thinking about Nora. He travels to New York to see Judy and she tells Max that Nora is working in a restaurant. Max goes to the restaurant and confesses his love to Nora, where he reveals that he has moved to New York to be with her. They re-unite, kissing tenderly while patrons of the restaurant look on, then Max playfully clears the table of its contents and lays a laughing Nora down on it climbing on top of her and passionately kisses her neck and lips while the whole restaurant cheers and applauds.'] ["Colonial tea planter John Wiley, visiting England at the end of World War II, wins and weds lovely English rose Ruth and takes her home to Elephant Walk, Ceylon, where the local elephants have a grudge against the plantation because it blocks their migrating path. Ruth's delight with the tropical wealth and luxury of her new home is tempered by isolation as the only white woman in the district; by her husband's occasional imperious arrogance; by a mutual physical attraction with plantation manager Dick Carver; and by the hovering, ominous menace of the hostile elephants. The elephants end up destroying the plantation in a stampede along with a fire."] ["Two teenagers, Birdy  and Al , become friends at school and serve in Vietnam. Birdy already has a disturbing fixation with birds and his Vietnam experiences push him over the edge: when he returns from the war, he is sent to a mental hospital for assessment and his friend Al stays with him to try to reach him before it's too late and he'll be separated from Birdy, leaving him alone and lost inside his mind. As the story develops, many flashback scenes show their life together as teenagers in 1960s America as well as their developing friendship and views of life."] ['Etienne Pimm  has an unusual way of making a living: he arranges for impoverished European aristocrats to marry unsuspecting rich women. He is then discreetly compensated for his efforts by the husbands. His latest target is Millicent "Milly" Mehaffey , newly arrived on the Riviera. Pimm and his assistant Janine  begin grooming the penniless Grand Duke Gaspard Ducluzeau  for Milly, hiring Julian Soames ([[John Wood  to teach him manners and English. As their target fancies herself a race car driver , Pimm recruits John Lathrop Davis , a former Grand Prix champion, to teach Gaspard to drive. Pimm "accidentally" meets Milly\'s uncle and guardian, Dr. Christian Gump  and invites him to a dinner prepared by his personal, world-renowned chef, Maurice Zoltan . Gump cannot resist. After dinner, he is introduced to the handsome young duke, well prepared after weeks of intensive training. As Pimm had hoped, Gump begs him to bring the duke to a party he has arranged for Milly, confiding that he hopes they fall in love and that his troublesome ward will settle down. Meanwhile, Priory , another of Pimm\'s minions, has gotten himself hired as the chauffeur, to spy on the family. When a polo ball hit by Gaspard breaks Priory\'s arm, a reluctant Davis is sent in his place. Davis is openly contemptuous of Milly\'s amateurish intention to compete in a professional race, causing clashes with his spoiled employer. As they spend more time together though, her initial dislike turns into love. With the romance between Milly and Gaspard not proceeding very well, Pimm suggests to Milly that the young couple spend a romantic night together at his private villa. She takes him up on his offer, only with Davis, not Gaspard. The next morning, Milly learns the truth and is at first outraged, even though Pimm confesses that Davis was not the intended groom. For revenge, she decides to marry an oafish suitor named Freddie . However, on the wedding day, her wise grandmother  convinces her to reconcile with Davis. This is just fine with Gaspard, as he has fallen for Janine.'] ["A chronicle of Hind Husseini's effort to establish an orphanage in Jerusalem after the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, the Deir Yassin Massacre,{{cite web}} and the establishment of the state of Israel.{{Citation needed}}. Jerusalem, 1948. On her way to work, Hind Husseini  comes across 55 orphaned children in the street. She takes them home to give them food and shelter. Within six months, 55 had grown to almost 2,000, and the Dar Al-Tifel Institute was born. In 1978, at the age of 5, Miral  was sent to the Institute by her father following her mother's death. Brought up safely inside the Institute's walls, she is naïve to the troubles that surround her. Then, in 1988, at the age of 15, she is assigned to teach at a refugee camp where she is awakened to the reality of the Palestinian refugees. When she falls for Hani, a militant, she finds herself torn between the First Intifada of her people and Mama Hind's belief that education is the road to peace."] ['The tale an American reconnaissance pilot, Ted Brice , downed in occupied Belgium at the height of World War II. Hidden by resistance fighters, the he falls in love with the wife  of the man who will save him. When their affair is exposed, an act of betrayal threatens their lives and the entire resistance movement, forcing the pilot to make a powerful choice that could change the course of the war.'] ['NYPD Captain Dewey Wilson  is assigned to solve a bizarre string of violent murders after high-profile magnate Christopher Van der Veer , his wife, and his bodyguard are slain in Battery Park. Executive Security, Van der Veer\'s client, prefers to blame the murders on terrorists, but knowing that the victim\'s bodyguard was a 300 pound Haitian with voodoo ties makes Wilson skeptical. At the crime scene, Wilson meets with Warren, his superior. With pressure to solve the case coming down from both the commissioner and mayor, Warren partners Wilson with criminal psychologist Rebecca Neff . Meanwhile a homeless man goes exploring an abandoned church in Charlotte Street, South Bronx, which was going to be demolished by Van der Veer along with the rest of the ruined buildings in the area, in order to build new apartment complexes, and is suddenly attacked and torn to pieces by a monstrous being. Soon after that and while investigating the abandoned church, sounds of suffering lure Neff upstairs. Wilson follows her but doesn\'t hear the suffering, but once Neff is separated from him, he hears a wolf\'s howl. He goes up after Neff and drags her forcibly to safety. Soon after, a bridge worker is murdered by an unseen attacker. NY Coroner Whittington  discovers non-human hairs on several mutilation victims and consults zoologist Ferguson . Ferguson immediately identifies the hairs as belonging to Canis lupus, also explaining that there are 40 existing subspecies and these particular hairs don\'t belong to any of them. Ferguson foreshadows his own death when he asks incredulously "What are you two trying to pin on the big bad ?". He compares wolves to Indians, giving Wilson his first real inspiration. Wilson finds Eddie Holt , a militant Native activist he arrested some years ago for killing a conservative Indian or "apple" . He claims he\'s a shapeshifter,{{cite web}} which implicates him as the killer, and even goes so far as to threaten Wilson with carefully constructed dialogue. Feeling that the conversation is circumstantial and potentially dangerous, Wilson opts to let well alone and tail Eddie later that night on his own terms. While following animal clues Ferguson goes to Central Park, where the actual killer ambushes and kills him under a tunnel. Oblivious, Wilson spends the remainder of his night with Neff. In the following morning, a man in a jogging suit rides Ferguson\'s motorcycle right past Wilson as he leaves Rebecca\'s apartment. The man crashes, illustrating that he stole the motorcycle. Back at the station, Whittington is the second person to foreshadow his own death when he says "If violence comes, I\'m ready. I\'m a dead shot, and a karate expert". He and Wilson stakeout the Bronx church armed with sniper rifles and sound equipment and after he almost blows his ears out by opening a beer can near the sound mic, an animal who appears to be a wolf ambushes and kills him. Meanwhile, Executive Security apprehends a "Götterdämmerung" terrorist cell in connection with the Van der Veer slaying. A traumatized Wilson escapes the church and finds himself at the Wigwam Bar, where Eddie Holt and his friends are drinking. The group of Natives reveal the true nature of the killer as Wolfen, the wolf spirit. They explain to Wilson that the Wolfen have extraordinary abilities and that they "might be gods". Eddie explains to Wilson that he can\'t fight the Wolfen, stating: "You don\'t have the eyes of the hunter, you have the eyes of the dead". The leader of the group, Old Indian, informs Wilson that Wolfen kills to protect its hunting ground. Wilson resolves to end his involvement in the Van der Veer case. In an allyway, Neff, Wilson, and Warren are cornered by the wolfen pack. Warren tries to flee but is killed when a pack member severs his hand and then decapitates him in his car. Wilson and Neff flee and blow up Warren\'s car with a pack member in it. When he and Neff are cornered in Van der Veer\'s penthouse by the Wolfen pack led by its white alpha, Wilson smashes the model of the construction project that threatened their hunting ground, to communicate to them that the threat no longer exists and he and Neff are not enemies. The Wolfen consent, and just as the police barge in, vanish. Wilson claims the attack was made by terrorists. The story ends on the assumption that Götterdämmerung takes the fall for the serial murders. Wilson\'s voice is heard, explaining that the Wolfen will continue to prey on weak and isolated members of the human herd, as humans do to each other on social and economic scale. The Wolfen will continue to be invisible to humanity because of their nature; not that of spirits, but superior predators, who are higher on The Food Chain than men.'] ['The film is narrated by an author, Gordie Lachance . After reading a newspaper article about the death of his friend, Lachance recounts a childhood journey to find the body of a missing boy near the fictional town of Castle Rock, Oregon, over Labor Day weekend in September 1959. Young Gordie  is a quiet, bookish boy with a penchant for telling stories and writing. He is rejected by his father, following the death of his football-star older brother Denny . Denny paid Gordie much more attention than his parents did. Gordie spends his time with three friends: Chris Chambers  who is from a family of criminals and alcoholics and is usually stereotyped accordingly, even though he does not conform to the perceptions and stigmas attached to his family; Teddy Duchamp  who is eccentric and physically scarred after his mentally unstable father held his ear to a stove; and Vern Tessio  who is overweight, timid, and often picked on. Vern overhears his older brother Billy  and his friend Charlie Hogan  talking about finding the body of Ray Brower while dumping a stolen car. Brower was a boy whose disappearance and subsequent police search was a big news story in Castle Rock. Gordie, Chris, Teddy, and Vern decide to embark upon a journey to see if they can find Ray\'s body and become local heroes. The boys set out, first encountering Milo Pressman and his dog Chopper when they pause to fill their canteens from a well located in his junkyard. They then walk along a train bridge and Vern and Gordie are nearly run over by a passing train. At the end of the day, the boys set up camp and Gordie tells the boys a story of his invention. Later on in the night, Chris reveals to Gordie his fear of being stereotyped as a criminal and never making anything of himself. They continue by taking a short-cut through a swamp only to discover that it is infested with leeches. While desperately removing them from each other, Gordie faints after finding one in his underpants, causing the other boys to wonder if they should go on. Gordie ends up being the decisive one, knowing that they have put in too much work not to see the body. They locate the body and it reminds Gordie that his father liked his brother better than him. At this point, local bully "Ace" Merrill  and his gang consisting of "Eyeball" Chambers , Vince Desjardins, Charlie Hogan, Billy Tessio and two other hoods show up in their cars to take the body, but Gordie threatens Ace with a handgun that Chris had brought. Gordie decides that no one will get credit for finding the dead body and reports it via an anonymous phone call to the authorities. The boys return to Castle Rock and say goodbye to each other. Gordie states that Vern later married straight out of high school, had four children and became a forklift driver at a local lumber yard. Teddy tried to join the Army, but was refused entry because of his poor eyesight and ear injury. He eventually served jail time and now was doing odd jobs around Castle Rock. Chris was able to stick it out and get by in the advanced classes with Gordie and later moved out of Castle Rock and became a lawyer. However, as revealed in the opening scene, Chris was recently stabbed and killed when he tried to break up a fight in a fast food restaurant. Gordie then finishes his memoir, and takes his son and his son\'s friend swimming.'] ["The film is narrated by Martha Moxley , whose brutal murder sometime between 10 p.m. on October 30 and the early morning hours of October 31, 1975 remains unsolved in 1997. Mark Fuhrman, a former Los Angeles Police Department detective who gained notoriety during O.J. Simpson's murder trial, is intrigued by the case and travels to Greenwich, Connecticut to conduct an investigation of his own. Local authorities resent an outsider, especially one with a reputation as tarnished as Fuhrman's, invading their turf. They do everything they can to block Fuhrman's access to official reports. The film alternates between flashbacks of the events leading up to the murder and scenes set in the present day, which chronicle Fuhrman's frustration and interactions with Steve Carroll, the original investigator who grudgingly assists him. Their efforts ultimately bring Kennedy relative and former Moxley neighbor Michael Skakel to justice."] ['In 1992, ITN reporter Michael Henderson  travels to Sarajevo, the besieged capital of Bosnia and Herzegovina. He meets American star journalist Jimmy Flynn  on the chase for the most exciting stories and pictures. Henderson and Flynn have friendly arguments and differences in the intervals between reporting. They stay at the Holiday Inn, which was the primary hotel for the press in Sarajevo during the siege. After a previous translator proves corrupt and inept, ITN hires Risto  to be Henderson\'s translator. Their work permits them blunt and unobstructed views of the suffering of the people of Sarajevo. The situation changes when Henderson makes a report from an orphanage located on the front lines  in which two hundred children live in desperate conditions. After increasingly brutal attacks fail to make the lead story in England, Henderson makes the orphanage his lead story to try to bring full attention to the war. When American aid worker Nina  organizes a UN-sanctioned bus-borne evacuation of several orphaned Sarajevan children to Italy, Henderson convinces Nina to include a Bosniak girl from the orphanage, Emira , to whom Henderson had made a promise to evacuate. Nina knows this is an illegal act -- Emira\'s mother is still alive and signed no papers authorizing the evacuation -- but the orphanage director allows it because of the desperate circumstances. Henderson and his cameraman accompany the evacuation under the pretense of covering it as a news story. Despite a UN escort, Bosnian Serbs hinder the evacuation at several points along its route. The final harassment is the worst -- a group of Chetniks halt the bus, forcibly disembark the Bosnian Serb children and put them on their armed lorry, presumably to repatriate them. When Henderson finally makes it to London with Emira, Emira quickly becomes a member of Henderson\'s family in a comfortable London home. After an ambiguous interval of perhaps 100 days, Henderson receives word from his former producer, who is still in Sarajevo, that Emira\'s mother wants Emira back. Henderson returns to Sarajevo, now riven not only by the siege but also by internal organized crime, and seeks out Risto, who has become a Bosnian-Herzegovinan soldier. Henderson recruits Risto to find Emira\'s mother. They nearly succeed, but the unstable situation unravels around them and they are forced to retreat. When Risto is killed by a sniper in his own home, Henderson falls back on Zeljko , a concierge at the Holiday Inn who Henderson had helped in previous Sarajevo tours. Zeljko negotiates the streets and road-blocks that lead to Emira\'s mother. As prelude to signing the adoption papers, she outlines the reasons she wants Emira back. She cannot in good conscience bring Emira back to Sarajevo, though, and she signs the papers. A running joke in the movie is the designation by a UN official that Sarajevo was only the 14th worst crisis in the world. In the middle of the movie, Harun, a cellist friend of Risto, says that he would play a concert on the streets of Sarajevo once it is designated the worst place on Earth. Though he acknowledges the danger, he claims that "the people will die happily listening to my music." The movie ends with Harun holding a "concert of peace" on a hill overlooking Sarajevo, playing his cello to hundreds of Sarajevans. Among the attendees are Henderson, Flynn and several children from the orphanage. Henderson gives Harun a sad smile; the concert is beautiful, but it also means that Sarajeva had, indeed, become the worst place on Earth. The closing credits say that Emira still lives in England.'] ["At the beginning of the story, Ahab  and his half brother Derek ([[George O'Hara  compete for the affections of a winsome minister's daughter, Esther Wiscasset . Meanwhile, the albino whale has been eluding harpooners, and bears the scars of many failed attacks against him. His fame has reached epic proportions. One day, Ahab and Derek are on the same whaler as the whale heaves into view. Ahab raises his harpoon to kill the beast, but at that moment, Derek pushes him overboard and Ahab loses a right leg to the whale. Not long after this incident, the shallow Esther rebuffs Ahab as her suitor once she catches sight of his peg leg. Heartbroken at this turn of events, Ahab blames neither Esther nor his brother - instead he transfers blame and an undying hatred onto the whale. The following saga of Ahab's pursuit of the whale takes on the aura of a super-human quest, far beyond the proportions of its first motivation."] ['Massachusetts Institute of Technology  senior math major Ben Campbell  is accepted into Harvard Medical School but cannot afford the $300,000 fee. Despite a 44 MCAT score and top grades, Ben faces a fierce competition for the prestigious Robinson Scholarship that would pay entirely for the medical school. The director tells him that the scholarship would go to the student who would "dazzle" him. At MIT, professor Micky Rosa  challenges Campbell with the Monty Hall problem, which he solves successfully. After looking at Campbell\'s score on his latest non-linear equations paper, on which he got 97%, Rosa invites Campbell to join his blackjack team, which consists of fellow students Choi, Fisher, Jill, and Kianna. Despite being told by Rosa that he had already gotten into the Harvard Medical School, Campbell refuses to join the team on the premise he had been promoted at his job. Next day, Jill visits Campbell at his job and attempts to coax him into joining the team. The system involves card counting and the team is split into two groups. "Spotters" play the minimum bet and keep track of the count. They send secret signals to the "big players", who place large bets whenever the count at a table is favorable. Campbell reluctantly joins the team, telling Rosa he is only doing so until he can pay for medical school. Rosa takes the team to Las Vegas over many weekends; Campbell comes to enjoy his luxurious lifestyle as a "big player" there. His performance impresses Jill - who develops a mutual attraction with him — and Rosa. However, Fisher becomes jealous of Campbell\'s blackjack success. Rosa kicks a drunken Fisher off the team after he insults Campbell and incites a melee, requiring the team to scramble to cash in their stock of chips before the casino swaps out . Meanwhile, security chief Cole Williams  monitors the blackjack team, particularly Campbell. Campbell, distracted by blackjack, does not complete his part of a project for an engineering competition, estranging him from his pre-blackjack friends. During the next trip to Vegas, an emotionally distracted Campbell continues playing even after he is signaled to walk away, losing $200,000. An angry Rosa leaves the team and demands that Campbell repay him for the loss. Campbell and his three remaining teammates agree to go into business for themselves; Williams, however, apprehends Campbell, beats him up, then lets him go after a dire warning. Campbell learns that he has been given an incomplete for Rosa\'s class and therefore will not graduate, and that his winnings have been stolen from his dorm room. He suspects that Rosa is behind the events but has no evidence. Campbell reconciles with his friends and Jill, and approaches Rosa with an offer: he and the team will hit Vegas for one more attempt before the casinos install biometric software that will quickly identify card counters, as long as Rosa, once a very successful "big player", also plays. Disguised, the team returns to Planet Hollywood and wins $640,000 before fleeing with their chips from Williams and his men. Campbell and Rosa split up, with Rosa taking the bag of chips. Rosa escapes into a livery cab with the intention of stealing the winnings, but finds his bag is full of chocolate coins and that the casino manager is driving Rosa\'s cab. Williams had made a deal with Campbell after beating him up; he would let Campbell come to Vegas for one night to make a lot of money in exchange for Rosa, who years earlier cost Williams a pit boss job by taking his casino for a seven-figure sum counting cards. After capturing Rosa, Williams confronts Campbell and demands at gunpoint the bag of chips for his retirement; after giving up the money, Campbell rejoins his friends and pre-blackjack friends, who have, in fact, been counting all night themselves. The movie closes with Campbell recounting the entire tale to a "dazzled" Harvard director.'] ['Bernard "Bernie" Fine is a highly successful businessman who moves from New York City to San Francisco for his work at the west coast Wolff\'s department store. One day, he meets Liz O\'Reilly, a single mother who was left by her husband Chandler Scott around the time of her daughter Jane\'s birth. Although his mother Ruth, a proud Jew, is not enthusiastic about Liz\'s religious background, Bernie eventually marries her. Soon, she becomes pregnant and gives birth to a son, Alexander. Life is looking great for the couple. Everything changes when Chandler Scott comes back into their lives. Liz, fearing he will be a part of Jane\'s life, offers him $25,000 to leave without ever returning. This is despite their lawyer\'s strong advice not to offer him money, explaining it is illegal. Meanwhile, after Alexander is born, Liz is diagnosed with bone cancer. She refuses chemotherapy until Bernie encourages her it\'s the right thing to do, although Liz tells Bernie she will continue her job teaching at elementary school and finish out the school year. But as Liz begins to lose her hair, Ruth turns around and buys a wig for her, and apologizes to Liz for not giving her a chance. Finally Liz decides to give up on chemotherapy, explaining she does not want to spend her final days on medicine. Even though never showing it, Liz\'s health detoriates and after an emotional farewell she dies. Bernie buys a vacation cottage in Napa Valley, and hopes to start a new life with Jane and Alexander. Tragedy strikes again when Jane is kidnapped by Chandler. Bernie is furious and desperate to save her. Frustrated by the police\'s incapability to search for her, he uses the help of private detectives to locate her himself. He secretly brings her back home. While Bernie is handling all his current problems, he falls in love with a single doctor, Molly, who lives in Napa. As they become closer, Jane fears she may lose Bernie\'s love, until Ruth talks with her about how Bernie will never lose love for her, even if he marries somebody new. After Bernie and Molly have been going out for some time, Bernie then decides on staying and starting a new life in Napa, including opening a new store in an old schoolhouse, which he later names "Fine Things," after all the fine things that have come into Bernie\'s life. After a long time of no communication, Chandler sets a trial date to demand full custody of Jane. Chandler is about to win the case, until evidence is leaked Chandler was involved with a cocaine smuggle. Bernie wins official custody of Jane and they happily live ever after with Molly, Bernie\'s new girlfriend Jane initially disapproved, but learns to like. The movie closes with Bernie and Molly taking Jane and Alexander to see his new store, and he surprises Jane with a new dog. Knowing how much she means to Bernie, Jane feels she can finally accept a new life, and chooses to call Bernie daddy.'] ['{{Plot}} It is approximately 1912. Junior reporter Edward Malone  bungles into the office of Gazette editor McArdle looking for an adventurous assignment  and is sent to interview Professor Challenger , whose housekeeper warns Malone about her employer. Malone poses as an Italian scientist, but Challenger sees through it, reveals him to be a Canadian journalist, and wrestles him down a flight of stairs where a policeman awaits. When Malone decides not to press charges, he wins Challenger\'s respect, and the professor shows him back into his study. Challenger then shows Malone the sketchbook of explorer Maple White, showing pictures of a cliff —"That, my young friend, is the Lost World"—in Central Africa, and of a creature that looks like a pterodactyl but which Challenger calls a "beast." Challenger recounts his visit to the dying Maple White, including his own near-fatal stabbing by the treacherous Pedro which kept him from any more than a glimpse of the "lost world," and invokes mocked prophets—"Galileo, Darwin, Challenger!"—since the British scientific community does not believe his claims. He decides to dare them all at a meeting later that day. Challenger interrupts a ceremony honoring Professor Summerlee ([[David Warner  to gather a group to journey to prove his claims. Malone volunteers, Summerlee agrees to go as long as Challenger does not, and a newsboy Jim  and woman Jenny Nielson  volunteer but are laughingly dismissed. Jenny turns out to be a wildlife photographer and daughter of rich American contributors to the sciences, and ends up going when she funds the entire expedition. Her animal rights sensibilities are sneered at by Malone as "zebras" rights. Jim stows away, while Challenger suddenly appears at a native village after Summerlee discovers that the "map" he was originally given is blank. After they are joined by a female guide, Malu , the six row for weeks, then land and hear native drums. When they reach a sheer cliff face, most are awed, but Summerlee, still skeptical, rejoins, "We\'ve all seen igneous extrusions before." Challenger\'s old native friend Pujo appears, but another of the party, Gomez, turns out to have been the brother of the thief Pedro who tried stabbing Challenger and was in turn killed. For vengeance, Gomez yanks down the rope used to haul the six onto the cliff plateau so that there is no way back down. On the trek the expedition sees a white peacock and then apatosaurs. Summerlee falls through the ground into a cavern serving as a pterodactyl rookery. He is attacked but is hauled out of the hole. Jenny grows jealous of Malone\'s interest in Malu. Jim climbs to a high spot to get the lay of the land and sees a lake and a native with skeleton paintwork. At night he tries to sneak off to the lake, but Malone catches him. Malu also is out walking and the three walk to the sulfurous lake. A "man eating dinosaur" approaches, but Malu hands around a kind of fruit, which they all wipe on their faces. The dinosaur smells them but loses interest. In the morning the three find that the camp has been attacked and the others are gone. They follow tracks to a gathering of skeleton-painted tribesmen, where they discover the natives have a ritual whereby humans—normally other tribesmen, but this time including the captured explorers—are sacrificed off a cliff to the carnivorous dinosaurs. Jim fashions a "balloon from the gods" with Malone\'s coat which diverts the tribe long enough for a rescue of the explorers and other captured natives, and they retreat to the safety of a nearby tribe. The natives tell the story of the splintering of the tribe long ago when the medicine men convinced some to worship the carnivorous dinosaurs, the "meat-eaters, evil ones." Summerlee\'s extinction theories regarding microbiology help save a baby pterodactyl when he realizes that the plant-leaf garlands involved in the ritual sacrifice contain the antidote to a prehistoric plague. Irrigation and horticultural benefits to the tribe from the explorers follow. After the skeleton tribe\'s leader is hit with a rock and killed, the tribes reunite. The chief offers the explorers a reward for their service, and they ask for a "way back to our own world." A hidden cave is revealed by the chief, but only after he asks for a promise from all six that they will come back if they are ever needed. They vow to. At the river, the party finds that their native guides have left, with only Pujo remaining. Then Gomez appears, and shoots at Challenger. Malone saves the professor in the ensuing melee, and Gomez is shot and wounded. Instead of killing Gomez, Challenger decides to leave him behind, saying, "Let the jungle have him." Malu stays in Africa, and Jim leaves with an unusually large backpack. Back in London, the Royal Zoological Society declares at a meeting, where they decide that, despite Challenger and Summerlee\'s reconciliation, their tale has insufficient evidence. Fortunately, Jim brought back the baby pterodactyl, and applause and congratulations follow. At a celebration toast, Jenny is complemented for her "transformation" from an African explorer to a British lady, wearing a dress and an emerald Malu gave her. They drink to "science and adventure." Malone, Jenny and Jim visit the zoo where the pterodactyl, which they have named Percival , is being kept. He seems unhappy, so they release him and he flies off, presumably back to "the Lost World."'] ["In late 19th century Cartagena, a river port in Colombia, Florentino Ariza falls in love at first sight with Fermina Daza. They secretly correspond and she eventually agrees to marry but her father discovers their relationship and sends her to distant relatives . When she returns some years later, Fermina agrees to marry Dr. Juvenal Urbino, her father's choice. Their fifty year marriage is outwardly loving, but inwardly marred by darker emotions. Fermina's marriage devastates Florentino, who vows to remain a virgin, but his self-denial is thwarted by a tryst. To help him get over Fermina, his mother throws a willing widow into his bed and he discovers that sex is a very good pain reliever which he replaces with the opium that he had habitually smoked. He begins to record and describe each of his sexual encounters, beginning with the widow, and eventually compiling over 600 entries. A lowly clerk, he plods resolutely over many years to approach the wealth and social standing of Dr. Urbino. When the now-elderly doctor dies suddenly, Florentino immediately and impertinently renews courting Fermina."] ["Howard Roark is an individualistic architect who follows a new artistic path in the face of conformity and vulgar mediocrity. Ellsworth Toohey, an architecture critic for The Banner newspaper, opposes Roark's individualism and volunteers to crusade in print against him. The wealthy and influential publisher, Gail Wynand, pays little attention, but approves the idea and gives Toohey a free hand. Dominique Francon, a glamorous socialite who writes a Banner column admires Roark's work and opposes the newspaper's campaign against him. She is engaged to be married to an architect herself, the unimaginative Peter Keating. She has never met or seen Roark, but she believes that he is doomed in a world that abhors individualism. Wynand falls in love with Francon and exposes Keating as someone who values a big opportunity more than her. In the meantime, Roark is unable to find a client willing to build according to his vision. He walks away from opportunities that involve any compromise of his standards. Broke, he takes a job as a laborer in a quarry. The quarry belongs to Francon's father and is near their summer home. The vacationing Francon visits the quarry on a whim. As Roark drills into the stone, Francon spots him and watches him work. When he sees her they openly and repeatedly stare at each other. Francon contrives to have Roark repair the fireplace in her bedroom. Roark mocks the pretense, and after the first visit, sends someone else to complete the repair. Expecting Roark, Francon is enraged and returns to the quarry on horseback. She finds Roark walking nearby. He again mocks her and she strikes him with her horsewhip. In the evening he invades her bedroom and rapes her. Back in his small room, Roark finds a letter offering him a new project. He packs up and leaves. Francon goes to the quarry and learns that he quit. The boss offers to find out where he went, but she declines. She has no idea that he is Howard Roark, the brilliant architect. Wynand offers to marry Francon, even though he is aware that she is not in love with him. Francon defers the offer until she feels a great need to punish herself. She learns Roark's true identity when they are introduced at the party opening the new building that Roark has designed which The Banner has campaigned against. Francon goes to Roark's apartment and offers to marry him if he gives up architecture to save himself from a hopeless struggle. Roark rejects her fears and says that they face many years apart until she overcomes the error of her thinking. Francon finds Wynand and accepts his previous marriage proposal. Wynand agrees regardless of her true feelings or motives. Wynand discovers Roark as an architect and hires him to build Francon a secluded country home. Wynand and Roark become friends which drives Francon to jealousy over Roark. Keating resurfaces. He has been employed to create an enormous housing project. It is beyond his skill, so he requests Roark's help. On one condition, Roark says, that if Keating promises to build it exactly as designed, Roark will design the project while permitting Keating to take all the credit. With prodding from the envious Toohey, the firm backing the project decides to alter the design presented by Keating. They erect a housing development that departs from Roark's design in crucial ways. Roark decides, with Francon's secret help, to rig explosives to the project and destroy it. Roark is arrested at the building site. In order to demonstrate Roark's guilt, Toohey breaks down Keating into privately confessing that Roark designed the project. Roark goes on trial. He is painted as a public enemy by every newspaper apart from The Banner, where, breaking with previous policy, Wynand campaigns publicly on Roark's behalf. But under Wynand's nose, Toohey has permeated The Banner with men loyal to him. Toohey has them quit and uses his clout to keep others out. He leads a campaign against The Banners new policy that all but kills the paper. Operating the fading Banner with help only from Francon and a few loyal men, Wynand is exhausted by the struggle. Faced with losing the enterprise, he saves The Banner by bringing back Toohey's gang to join the rest of the public in condemning Roark. Calling no witnesses, Roark addresses the court on his own behalf. He makes a long and eloquent speech defending his right to offer his own work on his own terms. He is found innocent of the charges against him. A guilt-stricken Wynand summons the architect to his office. He presents him with a contract to design the Wynand Building, to be the greatest structure of all, with complete freedom to build it however Roark sees fit. Wynand maintains an impenetrably formal demeanor with his one-time friend. As soon as Roark leaves the room, Wynand commits suicide. In the final scene, Francon enters the construction site of the Wynand Building, and identifies herself as Mrs. Roark. She rides the elevator towards Roark, awaiting her atop his magnificent new building."] ['The film opens in the present day, when the proprietor of a small traveling circus encounters an elderly man who has apparently become detached from his nursing home group, which attended the circus earlier that day. They strike up a conversation and the elderly man reveals that he himself had a career in the circus business. Jacob  reveals that he was present during one of the most infamous circus disasters of all time and the circus owner asks him to share his story. Most of the film then takes place in a flashback to the era of the Great Depression. Twenty-three-year-old Polish American Jacob  is a Cornell veterinary medicine student on the brink of a promising career as a veterinarian. Unfortunately, during his very last final exam, he is interrupted and informed that his parents were killed in a car crash. His father  has left huge debts, and the bank was foreclosing on Jacob\'s home. Feeling there is no point in returning to school, and having no home to go home to, he jumps onto a passing train where he meets Camel ([[Jim Norton . In the morning, Jacob discovers that he jumped on the Benzini Brothers Circus train. He sees a beautiful woman, Marlena  and meets August , the circus owner, head animal trainer, and Marlena\'s husband. Jacob reveals he studied veterinary science and has noticed a problem with Silver, the star horse in the show. August agrees to hire Jacob as a vet for the circus animals after Jacob tells August that Silver has laminitis, is in terrible pain and will soon be unable to walk, never mind perform. August instructs Jacob to "fix" Silver and keep him performing as long as possible. But Jacob cannot bear to see Silver\'s suffering and takes it upon himself to put Silver down. August is furious with Jacob\'s decision to euthanize Silver against orders. To show Jacob who is boss, he threatens to throw him from the moving train - telling him that an animal\'s suffering is nothing compared to a man\'s, and that Jacob must carry out all of August\'s future orders if he wishes to keep his job. August eventually procures Rosie the elephant as Silver\'s replacement. He is initially thrilled and invites Jacob to his car for dinner and cocktails with him and Marlena. Jacob &mdash; clearly attracted to Marlena &mdash; watches uncomfortably as the married couple flirt and dance in front of him, but later in the evening becomes clear that their relationship is complicated. August is possessive, jealous and sometimes rough with Marlena. In the next few weeks, August becomes frustrated when Rosie the elephant seems impossible to train. August is brutal with Rosie, beating her when she fails to follow orders. After one such beating, Jacob realizes that the elephant was trained in Polish and only understands Polish commands. After that, Rosie performs beautifully and the circus enjoys a short period of success. While working closely together to train Rosie, Jacob and Marlena fall in love. After August discovers this, he cruelly taunts both Marlena and Jacob. Later that night, Marlena discovers that August plans to throw Jacob from the train and they run away together. Hiding in a local hotel, they are ambushed by August\'s henchmen who drag Marlena away and beat up Jacob. Jacob returns to the circus to find Marlena. After Marlena finds Jacob she tells him that his friends Walter  and Camel were thrown from the train and killed. Several circus employees have become fed up with August\'s murderous cruelty and unleash their revenge by unlocking all the animals\' cages while the big top tent is jam-packed with an audience enjoying Marlena and Rosie\'s performance. Jacob attempts to find Marlena in the chaos and August attacks him. When Marlena tries to stop August from beating Jacob, he turns his fury on her and attempts to choke her, while one of August\'s henchmen continues beating Jacob. Two circus workers save Jacob just in time. Lying on the ground, bloodied and beaten, he looks up and sees Rosie hit August on the back of the head with a metal spike. Back in the present, Jacob explains what happened afterward: he returned to Cornell, took his last exam, and finished his degree. He and Marlena took several of the horses and Rosie and got jobs with Ringling Brothers – he as a vet and she continuing to perform with the animals. They married and had five children and kept Rosie until her death many years later. Eventually, he took a job as a vet at the Albany Zoo and Marlena died peacefully in her bed at an old age. He convinces the circus owner to whom he is telling his story to hire him in the ticket booth. The circus owner agrees and Jacob states that he has finally come home.'] ['The movie begins with young Finnegan "Finn" Bell playing on a beach in the Gulf Coast. An escaped convict suddenly pops out of the water and overpowers him, making Finn promise to bring back food and medicine and a bolt cutter to get the iron shanks off his leg. Finn does, and the convict unexpectedly tries to make Finn take him by boat to Mexico. The police seize the small boat heading out to sea. The convict hides on a buoy, and Finn\'s boat is towed back to shore. The next day, Finn sees on the news that the convict, mobster Arthur Lustig, had escaped from death row, but was recaptured and would face execution soon. Finn\'s uncle Joe is called to Paradiso Perduto , home of the richest woman in Florida, Ms. Nora Dinsmoor. She is a local mystery, having shunned virtually all human contact since she was left at the altar several years before. She ostensibly asks him there to do a gardening job, but instead she slips him a large sum of money under the door, calling it "gas money." Meanwhile, Finn, who he brought along, meets Ms. Dinsmoor\'s young niece Estella in the overgrown garden. Ms. Dinsmoor sees them interacting and calls Maggie , Finn\'s sister, to ask her to let Finn be a playmate for Estella, even though Estella apparently dislikes him. On Finn\'s first visit, she is disappointed when the boy cannot dance for her, but is intrigued when he says he can draw. She forces Estella to sit for a portrait, which Finn draws with make up on an old piece of wallpaper. While he draws, Ms. Dinsmoor warns Finn that he will fall in love with Estella and have his heart broken. After the portrait session, Ms. Dinsmoor calls it a day and asks Estella to help Finn find the door. On the way out, she pauses to take a drink from a water fountain and politely offers him a drink from it as well. While Finn is drinking, Estella kisses him. Several years pass. Maggie runs away from home and Joe raises Finn alone. Finn goes to Paradiso Perduto every Saturday, where he learns to dance with Estella. One day, Estella mentions that she has a party to attend. Ms. Dinsmoor is shocked that she does not have an escort to take her, so Finn volunteers to escort her. When Finn shows up at the party, he is not allowed in because he is not on the guest list. Estella shows up beside his pick-up truck and asks him playfully if he will take her to his house. Once they get there, Estella starts to seduce Finn, only to suddenly leave, claiming that she is very busy that night. The next day, Finn goes to Paradiso Perduto, only to be told by Ms. Dinsmoor that Estella had left to study abroad in Europe. For the next seven years he resolutely puts Estella and Ms. Dinsmoor out of his mind, and gives up drawing. One day, a lawyer comes to Finn and tells him that he will have a gallery show in New York City. In the end, Finn is convinced to go to New York, which Estella had once claimed was the art capital of the world. When he arrives, he immediately gets to work drawing again, since he has no pieces to put on exhibit. He takes a break to get a drink from a water fountain - where Estella appears and kisses him. She then invites him to afternoon tea with her at a high class club. Finn arrives to tea with Estella and some of her friends & fiancé, Walter Plane, make fun of him by asking how much he would charge to draw a portrait of Estella. Finn leaves in a hurry amid the laughter of Estella\'s friends. One day, Finn wakes up in his hotel room to see Estella standing next to him, reminding him that he had wanted to draw a portrait of her. While he prepares his sketch pad and charcoal, Estella takes off her clothes. After posing for a few sketches, Estella suddenly puts her clothes back on and leaves, saying that she is very busy. Growing sick of Estella\'s games, Finn chases her out to a cab and asks why she is so cruel to him. Estella sadly explains that she was trained to act this way by her Aunt Dinsmoor. Walter shows up at Finn\'s hotel room one day, wanting to see the result of the portrait session. He then confesses to Finn that he thinks Estella is using Finn to push Walter into asking her to marry him and asks him how to please her. Finn has no idea how to respond, and Walter soon leaves. The lawyer who had found Finn in Florida shows up again, moving Finn to a big studio where he can work on his art more comfortably. Finn quickly fills up the studio with his artwork as the opening date of his gallery draws nearer. He makes Estella say that she will be there. One night, at an important event, Finn becomes frustrated when Walter draws Estella away when he barely even got to talk to her. He follows them to their dinner at a Chinese restaurant. As the bemused dinner guests look on, Finn asks Estella to dance. They dance for a few seconds and then leave the restaurant. Once on the sidewalk, they run for Finn\'s art studio, where they make passionate love. Finally, the opening night of Finn\'s gallery show arrives. He looks everywhere for Estella but she is nowhere to be seen. Instead, Uncle Joe shows up, to Finn\'s surprise and, to some degree, embarrassment. When Joe accidentally knocks a tray of wine glasses over and tries to clean up the mess, Finn repeatedly tells him with increasing volume to "just leave it." Joe feels that he and his homely manners are an embarrassment to Finn and decides to leave early, despite Finn\'s attempts to get him to stay. Finn then goes to Estella\'s abode in New York, hoping to find her there, but instead he finds Ms. Dinsmoor, who had come up to New York for the "special event": Estella\'s wedding. When Finn becomes upset at this news, she says icily that she warned him when he was a child. At this, Finn tells Ms. Dinsmoor that she has broken his heart, the way her fiancé did to her all those years ago. Suddenly remorseful, Ms. Dinsmoor apologizes. Finn returns to his studio to find a strange bearded man wanting to see him: It is none other than Arthur Lustig. Finn is at first incredulous, but then he becomes uncomfortable with the old man\'s presence and implies that he should leave. As Lustig is walking out the door, he hints to Finn that he knows what Finn wants. Finn thus accompanies Lustig to the subway station, since Lustig has a plane to catch from the John F. Kennedy International Airport for Paris. While they are waiting for a train, Lustig sees some unsavory acquaintances on the opposite platform. Finn and Lustig outmaneuver them and get on a train. They think they are safe, but as the train is in motion one of the old men comes through the car and brutally stabs Lustig in the side, stepping off the train at the next stop. As Lustig bleeds to death in Finn\'s arms, he reveals that he has been Finn\'s benefactor in return for the kindness Finn showed him as a child. Devastated, Finn detaches himself from everything and goes to Paris to study art. He becomes successful in his own right, and eventually returns to Florida to visit his Uncle Joe and reconciles with him. Ms. Dinsmoor has since died, but he decides to visit her house anyway. As he is sitting in the garden, he thinks he sees the apparition of Estella as a child. He follows the little girl through to the back dock where he finds the child\'s mother, who turns out to be Estella, who has since divorced, and whose life has gone downhill. She admits that she has often thought of him, and asks for his forgiveness for her past cruelty. Finn forgives her completely, and the movie ends with them holding hands and looking out over the sea.'] ['Robert Morley and Katharine Hepburn play Samuel and Rose Sayer, brother and sister British Methodist missionaries in the village of Kungdu in German East Africa at the beginning of World War I in August/September 1914. Their mail and supplies are delivered by the rough-and-ready Canadian boat captain Charlie Allnut  of the African Queen, whose coarse behaviour they tolerate in a rather stiff manner.  When Charlie warns them that war has broken out between Germany and Britain, the Sayers choose to stay on, only to witness the Germans burning down the mission village and herding the villagers away. When Samuel protests, he is beaten by a German soldier. After the Germans leave, Samuel becomes delirious with fever and soon dies. Charlie returns shortly afterward. He helps Rose bury her brother, and they set off in the African Queen. In discussing their situation, Charlie mentions to Rose that the Germans have a gunboat, the Queen Louisa , which patrols a large lake downriver, effectively blocking any British counter-attacks. Rose comes up with a plan to convert the Queen into a torpedo boat, and sink the Louisa. Charlie points out that navigating the river would be suicidal: to reach the lake they would have to pass a German fort and negotiate several dangerous rapids. But Rose is insistent and eventually persuades him to go along with the plan. Charlie hoped after passing the first obstacle that Rose would be discouraged, but she is confident they can handle what is yet to come, and argues that Charlie promised to go all the way. During their journey down the river, Charlie, Rose and the African Queen encounter many obstacles, including the German fort and three sets of rapids. The first set of rapids is rather easy; they get through with minimal flooding in the boat. But Rose and Charlie have to duck down when they pass the fortress and the soldiers begin shooting at them, blowing two bullet holes in the top of the boiler and causing one of the steam pressure hoses to disconnect from the boiler, which in turn, causes the boat\'s engine to stop running. Luckily, Charlie manages to reattach the hose to the boiler just as they are about to enter the second set of rapids. The boat rolls and pitches crazily as it goes down the rapids, leading to more severe flooding in the boat and also collapsing the stern canopy. While celebrating their success, the two find themselves in an embrace. Embarrassed, they break off, but eventually succumb and strike up a relationship. The couple decide to take a pit stop to gather more fuel and drain the boat. Back on the river, Charlie and Rose watch crocodiles frolic on the nearby river bank when the third set of rapids comes up. This time, there is a loud metallic clattering noise as the boat goes over the falls. Once again, the couple dock on the river bank to check for damage. When Charlie dives under the boat, he finds the propeller shaft bent sideways and a blade missing from the propeller. Luckily, with some expert skills and using suggestions from Rose, Charlie manages to straighten the shaft and weld a new blade on to the propeller, and they are off again.  All appears lost when Charlie and Rose "lose the channel" and the boat becomes mired in the mud amid dense reeds near the mouth of the river. First, they try to tow the boat through the muck, only to have Charlie come out of the water covered with leeches. All their efforts to free the African Queen fail. With no supplies left and short of potable water, Rose and a feverish Charlie turn in, convinced they have no hope of survival. Before going to sleep Rose prays that she and Charlie be admitted into Heaven. As they sleep, exhausted and beaten, heavy rains raise the river\'s level and float the Queen off of the mud and into the lake which, it turns out, is just a short distance from their location. Once on the lake, they narrowly avoid being spotted by the Louisa. That night, they set about converting some oxygen cylinders into torpedoes using gelatin explosives and improvised detonators that use nails as the firing pins for rifle cartridges. They then attach the torpedoes through the bow of the Queen. At the height of a storm, they push the Queen out onto the lake, intending to set it on a collision course with the Louisa. Unfortunately, the holes in the bow in which the torpedoes were pushed through are not sealed, allowing water to pour into the boat, causing it to sink lower and eventually the Queen tips over. Charlie is captured and taken aboard the Louisa, where he is questioned by the captain. Believing Rose to have drowned, he makes no attempt to defend himself against accusations of spying and is sentenced to death by hanging. However, Rose is captured too and Charlie hollers her name, then pretends not to know her. The captain questions her, and Rose confesses the whole plot proudly, deciding they have nothing to lose anyway. The captain sentences her too to be executed as a spy. Charlie asks the German captain to marry them before executing them. After a brief marriage ceremony, the Germans prepare to hang them, when there is a sudden explosion and the Louisa starts to sink. The Louisa has struck the overturned hull of the African Queen and detonated the torpedoes. Rose\'s plan has worked, if a little belatedly, and the newly married couple swim to safety in Kenya.'] ['Arthur Seaton is a young machinist at a Nottingham factory. Angry at his lot in life, he is determined not to be tied down to living a life of domestic drudgery like the people around him, including his parents, whom he describes as "dead from the neck up". He spends his wages at weekends on drinking and having a good time. Arthur is having an affair with Brenda, the wife of an older co-worker. He also begins a relationship with Doreen, a single woman closer to his age. When Brenda gets pregnant, Arthur asks his Aunt Ada for advice on aborting the child . None of Ada\'s advice works and Brenda decides that she will keep the child and suffer the consequences. Later, Brenda\'s husband discovers the affair and his brother  and a fellow soldier give Arthur a beating. After recovering, Arthur returns to work but knows he can never see Brenda  again. The film ends with Arthur and Doreen discussing marriage and the prospect of a new home together.'] ["Based on the novel of the same name by Alan Marshall, the film is set in the early 1900s in the Outback, centering around a young Alan Marshall and the people in his town. Crippled by polio, Alan tries to make sense of his place in a world where a man's physical prowess gains the admiration of women and the envy of his peers, as demonstrated by the horsebreaker East Driscoll, portrayed by Russell Crowe. Charlotte Rampling also stars as an English lady, Grace McAlister, who has moved to the area with her husband. Complications arise as an attraction develops between East and Grace and young Alan deals with the complexities of growing up."] ['The protagonist, Gustav von Aschenbach, travels to Venice for health reasons. There, he becomes obsessed with the stunning beauty of an adolescent Polish boy named Tadzio who is staying with his family at the same Grand Hôtel des Bains on the Lido as Aschenbach. While the character Aschenbach in the novella is an author, Visconti changed his profession to that of a composer. "Playing the role" of Aschenbach\'s music in the film is the music of Gustav Mahler, in particular the moving Adagietto from his Fifth Symphony, which opens and closes the film, and sections from his Third Symphony. Apart from this change, the film is relatively faithful to the book, but with added scenes where Aschenbach and a musician friend debate the degraded aesthetics of his music; again, this has direct parallels in the life and works of Mahler, especially when Aschenbach is played an extract of his own work which, in reality, is Adagietto from the fourth movement from Mahler\'s Fifth Symphony. While Aschenbach attempts to find peace and quiet, the rest of the city is being gripped by a cholera epidemic, and the city authorities do not inform the holiday-makers of the problem for fear that they will all leave. As Aschenbach and the other guests make day-trips out into the city centre it eventually dawns on them that something is seriously wrong. Aschenbach decides to leave, but in a moment of impulse decides to stay. However, he himself is dying. Rejuvenated by the presence of Tadzio—though they never actually converse—he visits the barbers who, in his words, "returns to you merely what has been lost", dyeing his grey hair black and whitening his face and reddening his lips to try to make him look younger. As he leaves the barber\'s shop the barber exclaims: "And now Sir is ready to fall in love as soon as he pleases". Aschenbach still continues to gaze at Tadzio from afar, the latter more aware that he is being gazed at. In the climactic scene, Aschenbach sees Tadzio being beaten up on the beach by an older boy. When released, Tadzio walks away from him alone towards the horizon. He suddenly turns back to look at Aschenbach, then turning away to face the sun, and stretches his arm out towards it. Aschenbach too, stretches his hand as if to reach Tadzio, and at that very moment—heightened by the crescendo in Mahler\'s Adagietto—he dies from the cholera infection. A few people notice him collapsed on his chair and alert the hotel staff . They then carry Aschenbach\'s body away.'] ['Two migrant field workers in California during the Great Depression—George Milton , an intelligent and quick-witted man, and Lennie Small , an ironically-named man of large stature and immense strength but limited mental abilities—come to a ranch near Soledad southeast of Salinas, California to "work up a stake." They hope to one day attain their shared dream of settling down on their own piece of land. Lennie\'s part of the dream, which he never tires of hearing George describe, is merely to tend to  soft rabbits on the farm. George protects Lennie at the beginning by telling him that if Lennie gets into trouble George won\'t let him "tend them rabbits." They are fleeing from their previous employment in Weed where they were run out of town after Lennie\'s love of stroking soft things resulted in an accusation of attempted rape when he touched a young woman\'s dress. At the ranch, the dream appears to move closer to reality. Candy , the aged, one-handed ranch-hand, even offers to pitch in with Lennie and George so they can buy the farm by the end of the month. The dream crashes when Lennie accidentally kills the young and attractive wife  of Curley ([[Bob Steele , the ranch owner\'s son, while trying to stroke her hair. A lynch mob led by Curley gathers. George, realizing he is doomed to a life of loneliness and despair like the rest of the migrant workers and wanting to spare Lennie a painful death at the hands of the furious and violent Curley, shoots Lennie in the back of the head before the mob can find him after George gives him one last retelling of their dream of owning their own land.'] ["This movie is the story about Annie Sullivan, , and her efforts in working with a young sullen Helen Keller . The movie focuses on Annie’s struggle to draw Helen, a blind, deaf and mute girl out of her world of darkness and silence. Helen has been unable to communicate with her family except through physical temper tantrums since a childhood illness took her three senses from her at the age of 19 months old. She is allowed to eat with her hands, knock over or break anything and basically do whatever else she desires. All of this while being looked at with pity by her family. Her family loves her but they are all convinced she is a dumb, soft-brained child with the intelligence of an animal who will never learn anything. She is barely pacified with candy when she throws a tantrum and is headed toward institutionalization in a sanitarium when Annie Sullivan enters her life as Helen’s parents' last-ditch effort to avoid the inevitable. Plagued with vision problems of her own and orphaned at a young age, Annie Sullivan has the right mix of steeliness, empathy and patience to turn her young student's behavior around and teach her language. Annie’s job as Helen’s teacher is made more difficult by Helen’s imperious plantation-owner father, Captain Keller , and her overly soft-hearted mother, Kate Keller , when they doubt her authority and challenge her methods. Annie’s goal is to not just teach Helen to behave but to break through to her with the gift of communication. Using sign language and signing the letters to spell words in Helen’s open palm, Annie makes large strides toward improving Helen’s behavior. After two weeks of living alone with Helen in a small house on the Keller family plantation Annie is still unable to reach a break through with Helen when her mandated time deadline is reached. During Helen’s homecoming dinner she begins to revert to her old ways of acting. Annie takes Helen outside to refill a water pitcher she spilled during a tantrum at the pump and the long-awaited breakthrough is made. Helen makes the connection that the words Annie has been spelling in her open palm are in reality the communicative representation of those things in the physical world around her. The word “water” is the wet fluid coming out of the water pump. With this connection the doorway for communication is opened to Helen, and she can now survive and thrive in the world through the eyes and ears of others."] ['The film revolves around Harvard-educated lawyer Declan Fitzpatrick ; who impulsively gives up his settled life to buy Manet Hall, a newly restored plantation manor near New Orleans, which he has always been drawn to. Local legends claim that the house is haunted, and shortly after Declan moves in he begins hearing voices and seeing things. Declan is also distracted by an undeniable attraction to Cajun local, Lena Simone. Lena was raised on the bayou by her grandmother Odette , and has her own deep connection with the manor. While living in the house, Declan begins to have visions from a century past and details of events that took place in the mansion. With the help of Odette, Declan and Lena realize that they are inextricably linked with Manet Hall, and uncover a shocking secret that has been hidden there for more than 100 years.'] ["Starting from childhood attempts at illustration, young Jerome  pursues his true obsession to art school. Jerome enrolls in Strathmore, an urban college. His roommates include aspiring film maker, Vince , and closeted-gay fashion major Matthew . Jerome looks for love amongst the coeds, but is turned off by them all, before falling in love with the art model, Audrey . In his art classes, he forms a friendship with perennial loser, Bardo , who guides him through the college scene and introduces him to a failed artist, Jimmy , a belligerent drunk. As Jerome learns how the art world really works, he finds that he must adapt his vision to the reality that confronts him. The community has been wracked by a serial killer, the Strathmore Strangler, who has confounded the police. As Jerome slowly loses his idealism at art school, he finds himself In competition with a strange newcomer, Jonah  , both for Audrey's affection and for artistic recognition. In a wild attempt to win a prestigious art competition, Jerome asks for, and gets, Jimmy's paintings, all of which are of the Strangler's victims. Jerome leaves a lit cigarette in Jimmy's apartment by accident, setting a fire and burning up the apartment and Jimmy. The police arrest Jerome as the Strangler ; Audrey realizes that her true love is Jerome and that she was stupid to be in love with Jonah ; and Jerome is sent to prison. Jerome's paintings, especially one of Audrey, become prized by collectors; Vince scores a huge hit with his documentary of the Strangler called My Roommate: The Murderer. In prison, Jerome continues to paint and sells his works at high prices, not caring that people think he is the killer, while all the while Audrey is still in love with him. At the end, Audrey and Jerome share a kiss through the protective glass."] ['San Francisco-based crime novelist Dashiell Hammett, trying to put his Pinkerton detective days behind him while establishing himself as a writer, finds himself drawn back into his old life one last time by the irresistible call of friendship and to honor a debt.'] ['Sensitive, club-footed artist Philip Carey is an Englishman who has been studying painting in Paris for four years. His art teacher tells him his work lacks talent, so he returns to London to become a medical doctor, but his moodiness and chronic self-doubt make it difficult for him to keep up in his schoolwork. Philip falls passionately in love with vulgar tearoom waitress Mildred Rogers, even though she is disdainful of his club-foot and his obvious interest in her. Although he is attracted to the anemic and pale-faced woman, she is manipulative and cruel toward him when he asks her out. Her constant response to his romantic invitations is "I don\'t mind," an expression so uninterested that it infuriates him – which only causes her to use it all the more. His daydreams about her  cause him to be distracted from his studies, and he fails his medical examinations. When Philip proposes to her, Mildred declines, telling him she will be marrying a loutish salesman Emil Miller instead. The self-centered Mildred vindictively berates Philip with nasty insults for becoming romantically interested in her. Philip begins to forget Mildred when he falls in love with Norah, an attractive and considerate romance writer working under a male pseudonym. She slowly cures him of his painful addiction to Mildred. But just when it appears that Philip is finding happiness, Mildred returns, pregnant and claiming that Emil has abandoned her. Philip provides an apartment for her, arranges to take care of her financially, and breaks off his relationship with Norah. Norah and Philip admit how bondages exist between people . Philip\'s intention is to marry Mildred after her child is born, but a bored and restless Mildred is an uninterested mother, and gives up the baby\'s care to a nurse. At a dinner party celebrating their engagement, one of Philip\'s medical student friends, Harry Griffiths, flirts with Mildred, who somewhat reciprocates. After Philip confronts Mildred, she runs off with Griffiths for Paris. A second time, Philip again finds some comfort in his studies, and with Sally Athelny, the tender-hearted daughter of one of his elderly patients in a charity hospital. The Athelny family is caring and affectionate, and they take Philip into their home. Once again, Mildred returns with her baby, this time expressing remorse for deserting him. Philip cannot resist rescuing her and helping her to recover from another failed relationship. Things take a turn for the worse when Mildred moves in, spitefully wrecks his apartment and destroys his paintings and books, and burns the securities and bonds he was given by an uncle to finance his tuition. Philip is forced to quit medical school, but before he leaves the institution, an operation corrects his club foot. The Athelnys take Philip in when he is unable to find work and is locked out of his flat, and he takes a job with Sally\'s father as a window dresser. As time progresses, a letter is sent to Philip which informs him that his uncle has died, leaving a small inheritance. With the inheritance money, Philip is able to return to medical school and pass his examinations to become a qualified doctor. Later, Philip meets up with Mildred, now sick, destitute, and working as a prostitute. Mildred\'s baby has died, and she has become distraught and sick with tuberculosis. Before he can visit her again, she dies in a hospital charity ward. With Mildred\'s death, Philip is finally freed of his obsession, and he makes plans to marry Sally.'] ['In 1939, the Germans relocate Polish Jews to the Kraków Ghetto as World War II begins. Oskar Schindler , an ethnic German businessman from Moravia, arrives in the city hoping to make a fortune as a war profiteer. Schindler, a member of the Nazi Party, lavishes bribes upon Wehrmacht and SS officials. Sponsored by the military, Schindler acquires a factory for the production of army mess kits. Not knowing much about how to run such an enterprise, he gains a collaborator in Itzhak Stern , an official of Krakow\'s Judenrat  who has contacts with the Jewish business community and the black marketers inside the Ghetto. The Jewish businessmen lend Schindler money in return for a share of products produced. Opening the factory, Schindler pleases the Nazis and enjoys newfound wealth and status as "Herr Direktor", while Stern handles administration. Schindler hires Jewish Poles instead of Catholic Poles because they cost less. Workers in Schindler\'s factory are allowed outside the ghetto, and Stern ensures that as many people as possible are deemed "essential" to the German war effort, saving them from being transported to concentration camps or killed. SS-Lieutenant  Amon Goeth  arrives in Kraków to oversee construction of the Płaszów concentration camp. Once the camp is completed, he orders the liquidation of the ghetto and Operation Reinhard in Kraków begins, with hundreds of troops emptying the cramped rooms and arbitrarily murdering anyone who is uncooperative, elderly or infirm. Schindler watches the massacre and is profoundly affected. He nevertheless is careful to befriend Goeth and, through Stern\'s attention to bribery, Schindler continues enjoying SS support. Schindler bribes Goeth into allowing him to build a sub-camp for his workers, so that he can keep his factory running smoothly and protect them. As time passes, Schindler tries to save as many lives as he can. As the war shifts, Goeth is ordered to ship the remaining Jews to the Auschwitz concentration camp. Schindler prepares to leave Kraków with his fortune. He finds himself unable to do so, however, and prevails upon Goeth to allow him to keep his workers so he can move them to a factory in his old home of Zwittau-Brinnlitz, away from the Final Solution. Goeth charges a massive bribe for each worker. Schindler and Stern assemble a list of workers to be kept off the trains to Auschwitz. "Schindler\'s List" comprises these "skilled" inmates, and for many of those in Płaszów, being included means the difference between life and death. Almost all of the people on Schindler\'s list arrive safely at the new site. The train carrying the women is accidentally redirected to Auschwitz. Schindler bribes the camp commander, Rudolf Höß, with a cache of diamonds in exchange for releasing the women to Brinnlitz. Once the women arrive, Schindler institutes firm controls on the SS guards assigned to the factory, forbidding them to enter the production areas. He encourages the Jews to observe the Sabbath. To keep his workers alive, he spends much of his fortune bribing Nazi officials and buying shells from other companies; he never produces working shells during the seven months his factory operates. He runs out of money just as the Wehrmacht surrenders, ending the war in Europe. As a Nazi Party member and a self-described "profiteer of slave labour", in 1945, Schindler must flee the advancing Red Army. Although the SS guards have been ordered to kill the Jews, Schindler persuades them to return to their families as men, not murderers. In the aftermath, he packs a car in the night and bids farewell to his workers. They give him a letter explaining he is not a criminal to them, together with a ring secretly made from a worker\'s gold dental bridge and engraved with a Talmudic quotation, "Whoever saves one life saves the world entire". Schindler is touched but deeply ashamed as he leaves, feeling he could have done more to save lives, such as selling his car and Golden Party Badge. The Schindler Jews are awakened by sunlight the next morning. A Soviet dragoon announces that they have been liberated by the Red Army. The Jews walk to a nearby town in search of food. After a few scenes depicting post-war events such as the execution of Amon Goeth and a summary of what happened to Schindler in his later years, the Jews are shown walking to the nearby town. The black-and-white frame changes to one in color of present-day Schindler Jews at Schindler\'s grave site in Jerusalem, where he wanted to be interred.{{cite web}} A procession of now-elderly Jews who worked in Schindler\'s factory set stones on his grave—a traditional Jewish custom denoting gratitude to the deceased. The actors portraying the major characters walk with them. Ben Kingsley is accompanied by the widow of Itzhak Stern, who died in 1969. A title card reveals that at the time of the film\'s release, there were fewer than 4,000 Jews left alive in Poland, but more than 6,000 descendants of the Schindler Jews throughout the world. In the final scene, Liam Neeson places a pair of roses on the grave and stands over it.'] ['Henry Palfrey  arrives at the Yeovil railway station and makes his way to the "School of Lifemanship", run by Stephen Potter . Late for his appointment, he overhears Potter explaining the principles of lifemanship to the new intake: {{quote}} Palfrey is given an object lesson in this when he has his interview with Potter, who proceeds to win a name-calling game. When Palfrey explains that he is a failure, Potter surmises that a woman is involved. In flashback, Palfrey recounts how he first met April Smith , knocking parcels from her hands when he rushes to catch a bus. He manages to arrange a dinner date with her. When Palfrey shows up at work, his loafing employees are unconcerned, despite him being the head of the family firm. They pay much more respect to his senior clerk, Gloatbridge ([[Edward Chapman . In private, Gloatbridge is patronising toward his erstwhile boss, making the business decisions. Palfrey asks him to make a dinner reservation, and has to fend off Gloatbridge\'s unwanted restaurant suggestion. That night at the restaurant, the head waiter  cannot find Palfrey\'s booking at first; he does finally locate it under a slightly different name, but still refuses to seat them, as they are late. When Raymond Delauney , a casual acquaintance of Palfrey\'s, arrives and sees April, he invites them to his table, where he proceeds to try to seduce April and cast Palfrey in a bad light at every opportunity. As Delauney has a fancy sports car, Palfrey tries to counter by purchasing an automobile of his own. However, two salesmen (Dennis Price and [[Peter Jones  sell him a ramshackle 1924 "Swiftmobile". To further his humiliation of his rival, Delauney suggests a "friendly" tennis match. He wins easily. The film then returns to the school. Over the next several weeks, Palfrey proves to be an apt pupil in learning various ploys to gain the upper hand. The next phase of his education involves a field test of his new skills, evaluated by Potter. Palfrey convinces the car salesmen that his car, after some tune-up, is now a valuable and sought-after vehicle. They trade him a sports car and £100 for his Swiftmobile, which promptly breaks down. After putting Gloatbridge in his place, Palfrey challenges Delauney to a rematch. Using some stratagems, he thoroughly frustrates his foe before they even start playing. Then, with April watching, Palfrey proceeds to win the set 6-0. April becomes disgusted with Delauney\'s behaviour afterward and drives off with Palfrey. They go back to his place for a drink. Palfrey arranges for April\'s to spill on her dress. He suggests she take it off to dry and put on his dressing gown. Eventually, they end up in his bedroom through his tricks, but Palfrey cannot bring himself to take advantage of April. Then Delauney barges in, dragging Potter with him. Delauney had found out that Potter was Palfrey\'s guest at the tennis club and got the story out of him. However, after Delauney informs her, April realises that Palfrey genuinely loves her, and they embrace, much to the disgust of both Delauney and Potter. Potter breaks the "fourth wall" and apologises to the audience for his pupil\'s behaviour. The film ends with Delauney getting off the train at Yeovil and heading in the direction of the school.'] ['In the early 2030s, the world is plagued by environmental blight. The United Kingdom is ruled by a totalitarian government under the fascist Norsefire party. The party sets up concentration camps where political prisoners, homosexuals, and other unwanted populace in general are exterminated by Britain\'s new fascist regime. Evey Hammond, a young woman who works at the state-run British Television Network, is rescued from an attempted rape perpetrated by members of the secret police known as the "Fingermen" by a Guy Fawkes-masked vigilante known as "V". He leads her to a rooftop to watch his destruction of the Old Bailey. Norsefire tries to explain away the incident as a controlled demolition, claiming the building was no longer structurally sound, but V takes over the state television broadcast the same day, exposing the lie. He urges the people of Britain to rise up against the oppressive government and meet him in one year, on November 5, outside the Houses of Parliament, which he promises to destroy. Evey helps V to escape, but is knocked out in the process. V brings Evey to his lair, where she is told that she must stay in hiding until the November 5 in the following year for her own safety. Upon learning that V is killing government officials, she escapes to the home of her boss, comedian and talk show host Gordon Deitrich . In return for Evey\'s trust in him with her very safety, Deitrich reveals to her an inner sanctum in his home housing a collection of materials outlawed by the government such as subversive paintings, the Quran, and to her surprise – homoerotic photos by Robert Mapplethorpe. Deitrich explains that even though she believed she was meeting him for a date that night V saved her from the fingermen, his intentions toward her was actually a cover under which he hides his actual sexuality. Rather than be his true self in the police state they live in, he has to keep up the expected image of someone who dates young girls such as herself lest he be imprisoned like all the other undesirables. One night, Gordon satirises the government on his television show. The secret police raid Deitrich\'s home, capturing him and Evey. She is incarcerated and tortured for days for information about V. She finds solace in notes written by another prisoner, an actress named Valerie Page , who was arrested for being a lesbian. Finally, Evey is told that she will be executed immediately unless she reveals V\'s location. An exhausted but defiant Evey says she would rather die, and is released. Evey discovers that she has been in V\'s lair all along, and that her imprisonment was staged to free her from her fears. She finds out Deitrich was executed for having a copy of the Quran. The notes were real, but they were passed by Valerie to V years earlier when he was similarly imprisoned. Although Evey initially hates V for what he did to her, she realizes she now feels stronger and free in spirit. She leaves him with a promise to return before November 5. Inspector Finch, Scotland Yard\'s chief of police, learns how Norsefire came to power and about V\'s origins in the course of his investigation. Fourteen years earlier, the United States had collapsed, due to being the victim of an unleashed bio-weapon, which was secretly and deliberately utilized by the people who would become the core of the group Norsefire. It is also mentioned later on that the United States is suffering another civil war between the Midwestern states. Britain suffered in the resulting chaos. Norsefire led a reactionary purge to restore order, during which "enemies of the state" — anyone who did not meet the Party\'s standards of "purity" — frequently disappeared. The country was divided over the loss of freedom until a coordinated bio-terrorist attack upon a school, a water treatment plant and a tube station resulted in at least 80,000 deaths. The fear generated by the attack allowed Norsefire to win the next election, thereafter silencing all opposition and turning the United Kingdom into a totalitarian state under High Chancellor Adam Sutler . A cure for the virus used in the bio-terrorist attack was later unveiled by a pharmaceutical company with ties to Norsefire. Finch comes to realize that Sutler and his now security chief, Peter Creedy , engineered the catastrophe to seize power. The virus was developed through deadly experimentation on "social deviants" and political dissidents at a detention centre in Larkhill where V had been detained with Valerie Page. Unlike the rest of the doomed prisoners, V gained heightened abilities and managed to escape when the centre was destroyed. Finch realizes that a string of murders involving high profile Norsefire party members are actually V taking revenge on those involved with Larkhill. As November 5 nears, V\'s various schemes cause chaos in the UK and the population starts questioning Norsefire\'s rule. V organizes the distribution of thousands of Guy Fawkes masks. On the eve of the 5th, Evey visits V, who shows her a train in the abandoned London Underground which he has filled with explosives to destroy Parliament. He leaves it up to Evey whether to use it, believing that he is unfit to decide. V then leaves to meet Creedy, who had made a deal with V to hand over Sutler in exchange for V\'s surrender. Although Creedy executes Sutler as V watches, V still refuses to surrender and is shot multiple times by Creedy\'s bodyguards. V survives due in part to his concealed armour breastplate, and kills Creedy and his men. Mortally wounded, V returns to Evey to thank her and admits he is in love with her. V dies in her arms afterwards. As Evey places the dead V in the train, she is found by Finch. Having learned much about the corruption of the Norsefire regime, Finch allows Evey to send the train on its way. Thousands of Londoners, all wearing the Guy Fawkes masks, and unarmed, march on Parliament to watch the event. Because Sutler and Creedy are dead and unable to give orders, the military stands down in the face of a civil rebellion. Accompanied by the "1812 Overture", Parliament and Big Ben are destroyed as Evey and Finch look on. Finch asks Evey for the identity of V, to which she replies, "He was all of us."'] ['A heart-warming tale of a mentally challenged young man named Todd McCray ([[Noel Fisher  living with his parents in the rural midwest. The story takes place over a two-week period over the Christmas holidays when the local animal shelter launches an "Adopt a dog for Christmas" program. Todd\'s unconditional love for animals enables him to embark on an endeavour to ensure that as many dogs as possible get adopted by the local community. One dog in particular has grabbed Todd\'s heart and through intermittent flashbacks, viewers slowly discover the reasons for his father\'s reluctance to fully support Todd\'s efforts.'] ["In the upper echelons of traditional Middle Eastern society, Palestinians Reema and Omar prepare for the marriage of their daughter Tala to Hani in Jordan. But back at work in London, Tala encounters Leyla, a young British Indian woman who is dating Tala's best friend Ali. Tala sees something unique in the artless, clumsy, sensitive Leyla who secretly works to become a writer. And Tala's forthright challenges to Leyla's beliefs begins a journey of self-awareness for Leyla. As the women fall in love, Tala's own sense of duty and cultural restraint cause her to pull away from Leyla and fly back to Jordan where the preparations for an ostentatious wedding are well under way. As family members descend and the wedding day approaches, the pressure mounts until Tala finally cracks and extricates herself. Back in London, Leyla is heartbroken but learns to break free of her own self-doubt and her mother's expectations, ditching Ali and being honest with her parents about her sexuality. When Ali and Leyla's feisty sister Yasim help throw Tala and Leyla together again, Tala finds that her own preconceptions of what love can be is the final hurdle she must jump to win Leyla back."] ['Sam "Ace" Rothstein, a sports handicapper and mob associate, is sent to Las Vegas to run the Teamsters-funded Tangiers Casino on behalf of several midwest mob families. Taking advantage of lax gaming laws allowing him to work at the casino while his gaming license is still pending, Sam becomes the Tangiers\' de facto boss and doubles the casino\'s profits, which are skimmed by the Mafia before the records are reported to income tax agencies. Impressed with Sam\'s work, the bosses send Sam\'s friend, enforcer and caporegime Nicholas "Nicky" Santoro and his crew to protect Sam and the whole business. Nicky, however, begins to become more of a liability than an asset; his violent temper quickly gets him banned by the gaming board from every casino, and his name is placed in the black book. Nicky then gathers his own crew and begins running unsanctioned shakedowns and burglaries. Sam, meanwhile, meets and falls in love with a hustler, Ginger McKenna. Despite Ginger\'s reluctance, they soon conceive a daughter, Amy, and marry. Their relationship begins to deteriorate when Sam and Nicky catch Ginger giving money to her former boyfriend, a con man named Lester Diamond. Sam also makes an enemy in Clark County Commissioner Pat Webb by firing Webb\'s brother-in-law Donald Ward  for incompetence, and refusing to reinstate him. Webb retaliates by pulling Sam\'s casino license application from the backlog, forcing Sam to have a license hearing, while secretly arranging for the gaming board and State Senator Harrison Roberts to reject the license. Sam responds by appearing on television and openly accuses the city government of corruption. The bosses, unappreciative of Sam\'s publicity, ask him to return home, but he stubbornly blames Nicky\'s reckless lawbreaking for his own problems. In a heated argument in the desert, Nicky chastises Sam to never "go over his head" again. The bosses appoint Kansas City underboss Artie Piscano to oversee the skim and reduce the amount local mobsters are keeping for themselves, but he keeps incriminating ledgers and is caught on an FBI bug discussing the skim. Sam loses patience with Ginger after she and Lester are in Los Angeles with plans to run away to Europe with his daughter Amy. Sam talks Ginger into bringing Amy back, but Ginger\'s alcoholism and cocaine addiction anger him so much that he kicks her out of the house. She returns, on Sam\'s condition that she carry a beeper on her for Sam to contact her whenever he must. Ginger turns to Nicky for help in getting her share of her and Sam\'s money from the bank, and they begin an affair. Sam reaches his limit with Ginger when she ties Amy to her bed to have a night with Nicky. Sam confronts Ginger in the restaurant and disowns her. She turns to Nicky, but he has washed his hands of her as well. The next morning, Ginger goes to Sam\'s house, creates a disturbance, and uses the distraction to take the key to their bank deposit box. She takes some of the savings, but is then arrested by FBI agents. With Ginger\'s arrest and the FBI\'s discovery of Piscano\'s records, which are then matched with the skimming operation, the casino empire crumbles and the bosses are arrested. During a meeting, they decide to eliminate anyone involved in order to keep them from testifying, including the head of the teamsters, the money courier, and several casino executives. Ginger dies nearly penniless in Los Angeles of a drug overdose, and Sam is almost killed in a botched car bombing, which he suspects Nicky planted. Before Sam can confront him, however, Nicky and his brother Dominick are murdered by Nicky\'s former associate, Frankie Marino . Sam narrates that the bosses had finally had enough of Nicky, and had ordered Frankie to get rid of him. With the mob now out of power, the old casinos are purchased by big corporations and demolished to make way for gaudier gambling attractions financed by junk bonds. Sam laments that this new "family friendly" Las Vegas lacks the same kind of catering to the players as the older and, to his perception, classier Vegas he saw when he ran the Tangiers. In the final scene, an older Sam is shown living in San Diego, once again as a sports handicapper for the mob, or in his words, "...right back where I started".'] ['Nine years earlier, the American Discovery One\'s mission to Jupiter mysteriously failed. As depicted in 2001: A Space Odyssey, Discoverys HAL 9000 computer&mdash;or "Hal" &mdash;malfunctioned, killing four astronauts. The fifth, David Bowman, disappeared into a large, alien Monolith orbiting the planet. Bowman\'s last transmission before his disappearance was the cryptic line "My God! It\'s full of stars!" Back on Earth, Heywood Floyd , head of the National Council on Astronautics, received the blame for the failure and left the NCA. Since then he has been the Chancellor of the University of Hawaii. While diplomatic tensions are growing between the United States and the Soviet Union, both nations prepare space missions to determine what happened to the Discovery. Although the Soviet ship, the Alexei Leonov, will be ready before the American ship, the Soviets need American astronauts to help board the Discovery and investigate Hal\'s malfunction. The US government agrees to a joint mission since it has been determined that Discovery will crash into Jupiter\'s moon Io before its ship is ready. Floyd, along with Discovery designer Walter Curnow  and HAL 9000\'s creator Dr. Chandra , join the Russian mission. Upon Leonovs arrival at Jupiter, Captain Tanya Kirbuk  and the other Soviets wake Floyd early from his hibernation because they have detected the presence of chlorophyll and other chemical signatures of life on Jupiter\'s frozen moon Europa. An unmanned probe is sent from the Leonov to investigate the readings coming from Europa, but just as it finds the source, a mysterious energy burst destroys the probe as well as all telemetry data recorded by it. The "burst" then flies at great speed towards Jupiter. Though the Soviet crew believes the burst was simply electromagnetic radiation, Floyd suspects that it was actually a warning to stay away from Europa. After surviving a dangerous aerocapture through Jupiter\'s upper atmosphere, the Leonov crew find the Discovery, abandoned but undamaged, orbiting the planet close to Io. Curnow reactivates the ship and Chandra restarts Hal, which Dave Bowman had deactivated shortly before he disappeared. Also close by is the alien Monolith that was the purpose of the Discovery mission. Cosmonaut Max Brailovsky  travels to the Monolith in an EVA pod, at which point the Monolith temporarily reopens to allow Dave Bowman, now a being of pure energy, to return to Earth ; Max is swept away when the Monolith opens and is never seen again. On Earth, Dave Bowman, now an incorporeal being but with all the memories of his former human self, appears on his widow\'s television screen and wishes her farewell. He also visits his terminally ill mother in a nursing home and brushes her hair just before she dies peacefully. Back on the Discovery, Chandra discovers the reason for Hal\'s malfunction: The NSC ordered the computer to conceal from Discoverys crew the fact that the mission was about the Monolith. This conflicted with Hal\'s basic function of open, accurate processing of information, causing him to suffer a mental breakdown. This was done without Floyd\'s knowledge, even though the order bears his signature, outraging Floyd. On Earth, tensions between the United States and Soviet Union escalate to what is "technically a state of war", and the US government orders Floyd, Curnow, and Chandra to move into Discovery. Both crews plan to leave Jupiter separately when a launch window opens in several weeks. However, Bowman appears and tells Floyd that everybody must leave Jupiter space within two days because "something wonderful" is going to happen. Floyd, shocked to the core by Bowman\'s appearance, returns to the Leonov to talk to Kirbuk, but then the Monolith suddenly disappears and a growing black spot appears on Jupiter itself. The spot is actually a vast group of Monoliths that are constantly multiplying. The Monoliths begin shrinking Jupiter\'s volume, increasing the planet\'s density, and modifying the chemical properties of its atmosphere. This convinces the two crews that they must leave soon. Since neither ship can reach Earth with an early departure, they work together to use the Discovery as a booster rocket for the Leonov. Tension arises when Hal is not told that the Discovery will be left stranded in space, and possibly destroyed, and Chandra fears that another deception may cause Hal to malfunction again. During the launch countdown, Chandra finally tells the computer the truth. Hal agrees that he must sacrifice himself for the human beings onboard Leonov to complete Discoverys mission, and thanks Chandra for telling him the truth. As Leonov and Discovery launch away, Bowman appears once again to Hal and tells him that their mission has been a success and repeats that "something wonderful" is going to happen. He commands Hal to break his communication link with the Leonov and to repeatedly broadcast a final message to Earth: {{samp}} Jupiter is engulfed by monoliths, which increase its density to the point that nuclear fusion occurs, transforming the planet into a small star. Discovery is consumed in the blast, but the Leonov breaks away and begins its long journey home. The new star\'s miraculous appearance later inspires American and Soviet leaders to seek peace. Over the centuries that follow, Europa gradually transforms from an icy wasteland to a humid jungle covered with plant life. A Monolith stands in the primeval Europan swamp, waiting for intelligent life forms to find it.'] ['On January 5, 1900, four friends arrive for a dinner at a house located near London, but their host, H. George Wells, is absent. As requested, they begin without him, but then George staggers in, exhausted and disheveled. He begins to recount his adventures since they last met on New Year\'s Eve, 1899. A week earlier, George discusses time as "the fourth dimension" with friends, among them David Filby  and Dr. Philip Hillyer ([[Sebastian Cabot . He shows them a tiny machine that he claims can travel in time, stating that a larger version can carry a man "into the past or the future". When activated, the device blurs and disappears. Most of his friends dismiss it as a trick, but after the others have gone, Filby warns George to destroy the machine. They agree to meet again next Friday with the others. George uses the Time Machine to travel to the future. He first leaves the machine on September 13, 1917, where he meets James Filby , whom he mistakes for his father, David. James informs George that his father had "died in the war", and that the United Kingdom has been at war with Germany since 1914. He tells him that an inventor lived across the road who disappeared around the turn of the century. George then travels to June 19, 1940, into the midst of "a new war", which he briefly stops in as his machine is buffeted from side to side. George\'s next stop is August 19, 1966, in a futuristic metropolis. He is puzzled to see people hurrying into a fallout shelter amid the blare of air raid sirens. An older James Filby tells him to get into the shelter. James spots an atomic satellite zeroing in and flees into the shelter. A nuclear explosion causes a volcano to erupt. Civilization is destroyed in a nuclear holocaust. George restarts the machine just in time to avoid being incinerated, but lava covers the machine, then cools and hardens, forcing him to travel far into the future until it erodes away. He stops the machine on October 12,October 12, 1492 was the date on which Columbus landed in \'the new world\'. 802,701, next to a low building with a large sphinx on top. George explores, and spots young people by a river. A woman is drowning, but the others are indifferent. George rescues her, but is surprised by her lack of gratitude or other emotion. She calls herself Weena  and her people the Eloi. Outraged by the Elois\' apathy and lack of ambition, George returns to where he had left his time machine, to find that it has been dragged into the sphinx-building, behind locked metal doors. Weena follows George and insists they go back, for fear of "Morlocks" at night. A monster jumps out of the bushes and tries to drag Weena off, but George rescues her and wards the beast off with fire. Weena informs him that the hideous creature was one of the Morlocks. The next day, Weena shows George what appear to be domed well-like air-shafts in the ground. She then takes him to an ancient museum, where "talking rings" tell of a centuries-long nuclear war/holocaust. One group of survivors remained underground in the shelters and evolved into the Morlocks, while the other group, which became the Eloi, returned to the surface. George starts climbing down a shaft, but turns back when a siren begins blaring from atop the sphinx-building. Weena and the rest of the Eloi enter a trance-like state, and complacently file through the now-open doors of the building. When the siren stops, the doors close, trapping Weena and others inside. To rescue Weena, George climbs down a shaft and enters the subterranean caverns and is horrified to discover that the Eloi are little more than free range livestock to the Morlocks, who raise and cannibalise them. He fights the Morlocks with the help of the Eloi, who prove to be not completely helpless, then escapes with them up the shafts to safety. Under his direction, they drop dry dead tree branches into the shafts to feed the fire. The entire area caves in, crushing and suffocating most of the Morlocks below. The next morning, George finds the sphinx-building in charred ruins and the doors to the building open again, with his time machine sitting just inside the entrance. He goes to retrieve his machine, but the doors close behind him and he is attacked by the remaining Morlocks. He uses the time machine to escape back to January 5, 1900. George\'s friends scoff at his story and leave; only Filby believes him. George leaves again in the time machine.'] ['The time is the early-to-mid-1960s, the height of the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union. An unknown aircraft approaches North America from Europe. American bombers of the Strategic Air Command  are scrambled to their fail safe points near Russia. The bombers have orders not to proceed past their fail safe points without receiving a special attack code. The original "threat" is proven to be innocuous and recall orders are issued. However, due to a technical failure, the attack code is transmitted to Group Six, which consists of six Vindicator supersonic bombers and four escort fighters. Colonel Grady, the head of the group, tries to contact Omaha to verify the fail-safe order , but due to Soviet radar jamming, Grady cannot hear Omaha. Concluding that the attack order and the radar jamming could only mean nuclear war, Grady commands Group Six towards Moscow, their intended destination. At meetings in Omaha, the Pentagon, and in the fallout shelter of the White House, American politicians and scholars debate the implications of the attack. Professor Groteschele, who is loosely based on John von Neumann and Herman Kahn, suggests the United States follow this accidental attack with a full-scale attack to force the Soviets to surrender. The President orders the Air Force to send the four escort fighters after the bombers to shoot down the Vindicators. The attempt is to show that the Vindicator attack is an accident, not a full-scale nuclear assault. After using their afterburners in an attempt to catch the bombers the fighters run out of fuel and crash, dooming the pilots to die of exposure in the Arctic Sea. The fighters fail to destroy any bombers. The President of the United States contacts the Soviet premier and offers assistance in attacking the group. The Soviets decline at first; then they decide to accept help. Meanwhile, the Soviet PVO Strany air defense corps has managed to shoot down two of the six planes. After accepting American help they shoot down two more planes. Two bombers remain on course to Moscow. One is a decoy and carries no bombs. The other carries two 20 megaton devices. General Bogan tells Marshal Nevsky, the Soviet commander, to ignore the decoy plane because it is harmless. Nevsky, who mistrusts Bogan, instead orders his Soviet aircraft to pursue the decoy aircraft. The Russian fighters are then out of position to intercept the final American bomber. The decoy\'s feint guarantees that the remaining bomber can successfully attack. Following the failure, Nevsky collapses. As the bomber approaches Moscow, Colonel Grady opens up the radio to contact SAC to inform them that they are about to make the strike. As a last-minute measure, the Soviets fire a barrage of nuclear-tipped missiles to form a fireball in an attempt to knock the low-flying Vindicator out of the sky. The bomber shoots up two decoy missiles, which successfully leads the Soviet missiles high in the air and Colonel Grady\'s plane survives. With the radio open, the President attempts to persuade Grady that there is no war. Grady\'s son also attempts to convince him.  Understanding orders that such a late recall attempt must be a Soviet trick, Grady ignores them. Grady tells his crew that "We\'re not just walking wounded, we\'re walking dead men," due to radiation from the Soviet missiles. He intends to fly the aircraft over Moscow and detonate the bombs in the plane. His co-pilot notes, "There\'s nothing to go home to." Meanwhile, the American president has ordered another American bomber to circle over New York City with 40-megaton payload, which should be dropped in case of the bombing of Moscow. The American ambassador in Moscow reports about the final moments of the Russian capital before being evaporated from the blast. The American bomber receives an order to drop its bombs over New York City in order for the destruction of Moscow to be vindicated and a Third World War avoided. It was earlier revealed that the American President\'s wife was in New York while the events of the film transpired, meaning she would be killed in the blast. The pilot of the American bomber, General Black , commits suicide with a lethal injection before hitting the target, knowing that his oblivious wife and little daughter are also down there.'] ["The film starts by referencing Siegfried Sassoon's open letter dated July 1917, protesting the conduct and insincerities of the First World War. The letter has been published in The Times and has received much attention in England. With the string-pulling and guidance of Robert Graves, a fellow poet and friend of Sassoon, the army agrees to send Sassoon to Craiglockhart War Hospital, a psychiatric facility in Scotland, rather than court-martialling him. At Craiglockhart, Sassoon meets Dr. William Rivers, a former anthropologist turned psychiatrist who encourages his patients to express their war memories so that they can “heal their nerves”. There is no clear main character in this film, but there is more focus on several of the characters; notably, Billy Prior, Siegfried Sassoon and Dr. Rivers himself. A very important secondary character, Wilfred Owen, is linked to Sassoon’s storyline. Prior, at first an unsympathetic character, presents a challenge to Dr Rivers, who gradually discovers that the loss of Prior's power of speech is the result of a traumatic experience in the trenches. Prior spends his spare time going into the town in search of sex, eventually beginning a relationship with Sarah, a munitions worker. He too has anti-war sentiments and refers to incidents that have caused him to distrust the military authorities. Sassoon's letter is read in the House of Commons and is dismissed, as he is considered mentally unstable. He begins to become friends with another patient in the hospital, Wilfred Owen. Owen aspires to be a poet as well and he greatly respects Sassoon's work; Sassoon agrees to help Owen with his poetry. Meanwhile, Doctor Rivers has taken a leave of absence from the hospital and visits Dr. Lewis Yealland’s practice in London. Dr. Yealland treats his patients not like traumatised human beings, but like mere machines, which need to be repaired as quickly as possible. Rivers sits in on one of Yealland’s electroshock therapy sessions on a private named Callan, who, like Prior, has lost his speech. Rivers is at first repulsed by the brutality of the treatment, but back in Craiglockhart, he starts to question his own method of therapy, since his patients take long to recover and sometimes actually suffer under the expression of their traumas. Sassoon has also come to a very important decision. Although he still disagrees with the brutality and suffering of the war, he decides to return to France in order to care for his men. Both Graves and Rivers are pleased with this decision. During the Review Board’s evaluation of Sassoon, Rivers is torn apart by conflicting feelings. On the one hand, Sassoon’s views have not changed in the slightest, and as such he still fulfills the qualification of mental illness that landed him at Craiglockhart. On the other hand Sassoon did not truly qualify as mentally ill in the first place, and he strongly wishes to return to the war. When his opinion is needed, he qualifies Sassoon as being fit, and thereby qualified to return to war. In the meantime, Prior escapes a return to the Front when he goes before the medical board and is found to have a weak chest. The final scenes show Wilfred Owen's death in France and Rivers' despair on hearing of it."] ['In France just prior to the French Revolution, Queen Marie Antoinette  asks her cousin Noel, the Marquis de Maynes , to uncover the identity of "Marcus Brutus", a dangerous pamphleteer rousing hatred of the aristocracy. Meanwhile, André Moreau , a nobleman\'s bastard, kidnaps his beloved Lenore  to keep her from marrying another man. Afterwards, Moreau learns that his father is the Count de Gavrillac. While traveling to meet his parent, Moreau runs into Aline de Gavrillac , the Queen\'s ward, when her carriage breaks down the road. They are strongly attracted to each other, but Moreau\'s ardor suddenly cools when he learns that she is his half-sister. He hides that information from her. By chance, de Maynes encounters Marcus Brutus, who turns out to be Moreau\'s best friend, Philippe de Valmorin . An expert swordsman, de Maynes provokes de Valmorin into a duel, then toys with his inexperienced opponent before finally dispatching him. Enraged, Moreau attacks, but does no better than his dead friend. After de Maynes easily disarms him several times, Moreau chooses discretion over valor and flees for his life, vowing to kill de Maynes the same way he slew de Valmorin. Chased by de Maynes\'s henchmen led by the Chevalier de Chabrillaine , Moreau hides out in the commedia dell\'arte troupe in which Lenore performs. Forced to disguise himself as the character Scaramouche, he discovers a hidden talent for acting. Burning for revenge, Moreau seeks out de Maynes\' personal fencing instructor, Doutreval , and trains diligently in secret for weeks, while also performing with the troupe. However, de Maynes interrupts one such training session and they fight for a second time. Moreau is still overmatched. He is saved only when Aline and Doutreval unexpectedly intervene, allowing Moreau to escape. Moreau decides that, to surpass de Maynes, he needs to learn from Doutreval\'s teacher, Perigore , so he takes the troupe to Paris. There, Dr. Dubuque , a deputy of the new National Assembly, seeks his help. The aristocrats in the assembly are systematically killing off the deputies representing the common people by provoking them into duels. Moreau is not interested, until Dubuque mentions that de Maynes is one of the duelists. Then he eagerly accepts the seat of a deceased deputy. Each day, he shows up at the assembly to challenge de Maynes, only to find his enemy absent on trivial, but official duties arranged by Aline and Lenore working together to protect the man they both love. However, other noblemen are eager to fight the newcomer, but Moreau wins each time, gaining valuable experience in the process. In the meantime, de Maynes becomes engaged to Aline. Overhearing de Maynes\' intention to confront Moreau that night, Aline persuades him to take her out instead. As luck would have it, they attend a performance of the troupe and, at last, Moreau has his opportunity for revenge. The two men engage in a spectacular, prolonged duel  that ranges throughout the theater, from the balcony boxes, to the lobby, through the main seats, backstage and finally back on the stage itself. Finally, Moreau has de Maynes at his mercy, but something he cannot explain stays his hand. Later, Moreau learns that his father was not the Count de Gavrillac, but rather the old Marquis de Maynes. The man he almost killed is his half-brother. Then he realizes that he is not related to Aline, so they can be married. .'] ['In a prologue set in 1976, American epidemiologist Don Francis arrives in a village on the banks of the Ebola River in Zaire and discovers many of the residents and the doctor working with them have died from a mysterious illness later identified as Ebola hemorrhagic fever. It is his first exposure to such an epidemic, and the images of the dead he helps cremate will haunt him when he later becomes involved with HIV and AIDS research at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. In 1981, Francis becomes aware of a growing number of deaths from unexplained sources among gay men in Los Angeles, New York City and San Francisco, and is prompted to begin an in-depth investigation of the possible causes. Working with no money, limited space, and outdated equipment, he comes in contact with politicians, numerous members of the medical community , and gay activists. Of the latter, some such as Bill Kraus support him, while others express resentment at what they see as unwanted interference in their lifestyles, especially in his attempts to close the local bathhouses. While Francis pursues his theory that AIDS is caused by a sexually transmitted virus on the model of feline leukemia, he finds his efforts are stonewalled by the CDC, which is loath to prove the disease is transmitted through blood, and competing French and American scientists, particularly Dr. Robert Gallo. These medical researchers squabble about who should receive credit for discovering the virus. Meanwhile, the death toll climbs rapidly.'] ['A Mighty Heart is a detailed account of the search for kidnapped Wall Street Journal reporter<ref name http://www.editorandpublisher.com/eandp/news/article_display.jsp?vnu_content_id \'WSJ\' Editors Call \'A Mighty Heart\' Fair and Accurate |author Editor & Publisher |date "It was an accurate portrayal of the Journal and I think the Journal\'s people, like [then-foreign editor] John Bussey, who were deeply involved came off well as they should have," said former managing editor Paul Steiger, who said he saw the movie recently in a private showing for Journal staffers. "I think Angelina Jolie captured Mariane very, very well." Managing Editor Marcus Brauchli, who took over for Steiger and was national editor at the time of Pearl\'s death, also believed the film was fair. "I don\'t feel that the Journal was portrayed badly in the film," he said. "I think we were treated reasonably. Angelina Jolie did a good job of channeling Mariane." }} Daniel Pearl in 2002. Pearl was kidnapped in Karachi by supporters of Omar Sheikh, who claimed responsibility  for kidnapping and beheading Pearl in 2002. The movie also covers efforts by Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of State\'s Diplomatic Security Service  to track the kidnappers and bring them to justice.'] [" The HMS Bounty leaves England in 1787 on a two-year voyage into the Pacific Ocean. The ship's captain, William Bligh  is a brutal tyrant who routinely administers harsh punishment to the officers and crew alike that either lack discipline, cause any infraction on board the ship or defy his authority. Fletcher Christian , the ship's lieutenant, is a formidable, yet compassionate man who disapproves of Bligh's treatment of the crew. Roger Byam  is an idealistic midshipman, who is divided between his loyalty to Bligh, due to his family's Naval tradition, and his friendship to Christian. During the voyage, the enmity between Christian and Bligh grows after Christian openly challenges Bligh's unjust practices aboard the ship. When the ship arrives on the island of Tahiti, where the crew acquire breadfruit plant to take home, Bligh punishes Christian by refusing to let him leave the ship during their stay. Byam, meanwhile, sets up residency on the island, living with the island Chief, Hitihiti , and his daughter, Tehanni , and translating an English dictionary of the Tahitian language. Hitihiti persuades Bligh to allow Christian a day pass on the island. Bligh agrees but quickly repeals the pass out of spite. Christian disregards the order and spends his one day off the ship romancing a local Tahitian girl named Miamiti . Christian promises her he will be back someday. After leaving Tahiti, the crew begin to talk of mutinty after Bligh's harsh discipline leads to the death of the ship's beloved surgeon, Mr Bacchus  and he cuts water rationing to the crew in favor of providing water for the acquired breadfruit plants. Christian, although initially opposing the idea, decides he can no longer tolerate Bligh's brutality when he witnesses crew members shackled in iron chains, and approves the mutiny. The crew raid the weapons cabinet and seize the ship. Bligh and his loyalists are cast into a boat and set adrift at sea with a map and rations to ensure their survival. Due to Bligh's steady leadership, they are able to find their way back to land. Meanwhile, Christian orders the HMS Bounty return to Tahiti. Byam, who was in his cabin during the mutiny, disapproves of what Christian has done and decides the two can no longer be friends. Months later, Byam is married to Tehanni, Christian has married Miamiti and has a child with her, while the rest of the crew are enjoying their freedom on the island. After a long estrangement, Byam and Christian reconcile their friendship. However, when the British ship, HMS Pandora, is spotted approaching, Byam and Christian decide they must part ways. Byam and several crew members remain on the island for the ship to take them back to England while Christian leads the remaining crew, his wife, and several Tahiti men and women, back on board the Bounty in search of a new island to seek refuge on. Byam boards the Pandora and, much to his surprise, discovers that Bligh is the captain. Bligh, who suspects Byam was complicit in the mutiny, has him imprisoned for the remainder of the journey across the sea. Back in England, Byam is court-martialed and found guilty of mutiny. Before the court condemns him, Byam speaks of Bligh's cruel, dehumanising conduct abord the Bounty. Due to the intervention of his friend, Sir Joseph Banks  and Lord Hood , Byam is pardoned by the court and allowed to resume his Naval career at sea. Meanwhile, Christian has found Pitcairn, an unihabitated yet sustainable island, which he believes will provide adequate refuge from the reach of the British Empire. The Bounty crashes on the rocks and Christian orders it to be burned."] ['{{Plot}} The story is set in medieval Europe. On the slopes of a mountain, an old woman meets a mysterious, red-cloaked figure, shuffling Tarot cards. The figure gives the woman a white rose, which then turns red and dappled with blood, and tells her that "the day of their Deliverance is at hand." Prince Prospero, a Satanist, visits the village over which he holds dominion, and is confronted by two angry villagers, poor and starving. They inform him of the doom-laden message, which they believe is a prophecy of Prospero\'s downfall and liberation of the village. Prospero angrily sentences the pair to death, but a young Christian peasant girl named Francesca begs for their lives. Prospero demands that Francesca choose which of the men is to be saved and which is to die  but she is spared from having to choose when Prospero discovers that the old woman who encountered the red figure is infected with a deadly plague, the Red Death. He orders the village burned down to prevent the spread of the disease, and abducts Francesca. Prospero then invites several dozen of the local nobility to his castle for protection against the Red Death. At the castle, Francesca is finely dressed and tutored in etiquette by Prospero\'s jealous consort, Juliana, and the gathered nobility are entertained by a pair of dwarf dancers, Esmeralda and Hop-Toad. When Esmeralda accidentally spills a goblet of wine, one of Prospero\'s guests, Alfredo, strikes her. Prospero frightens Francesca with his coldness and attempts to corrupt her, in order to destroy her faith in God. He shows her a succession of different coloured rooms, but warns her not to enter the Black Room while she is still \'uninvited\'. Juliana expresses her wish to Prospero to be initiated in to his Satanic cult, and, that night, Francesca is terrified to discover Juliana and Prospero lying in a strange, hypnotic state in the Black Room. Gino, meanwhile, is being held prisoner in Prospero\'s castle, with the castle guards teaching him armed combat so that he can fight to the death against Ludovico as entertainment for the nobility. While Prospero further attempts to seduce Francesca, Juliana performs a ritual in the Black Room, pledging her soul to Satan. Francesca is horrified to learn of her actions, but Juliana gives Francesca the key to Ludovico and Gino\'s cell, and tells her to leave. During their escape, Gino and Ludovico kill three guards, and are then recaptured by Prospero, who points out to Francesca how her father and Gino have sinned. At a grand feast, Prospero summons Gino and Ludovico. As they refuse to fight each other, he instead has them each choose daggers to cut themselves with. One of the daggers is coated with poison, and, upon choosing the last dagger  Ludovico attempts to stab Prospero with it, but Prospero stabs him through the heart with his sword. He then casts Gino out of the castle, leaving him to be killed by the Red Death. Gino runs away through the woods, and encounters the red-cloaked figure, who presents him with a Tarot card, which he says represents mankind. Juliana is then put through her final initiation ceremony, where she drinks from a chalice, and suffers a terrifying hallucination  involving wild, dancing figures that stab at her as she lies prostrate on a table. Awakening from her dream, Juliana then declares herself the wife of Satan, proud that she has \'survived her own sacrifice\'. She wanders out through the coloured rooms, and is viciously attacked and killed by a crow. Prospero comments that Juliana is now truly married to Satan. Meanwhile, Hop-Toad, enraged by Alfredo\'s previous ill-treatment of Esmeralda, plans his revenge by persuading Alfredo to wear an ape costume to Prospero\'s grand masked ball, where Prospero has instructed that no one is to wear red. In the guise of the ape\'s trainer, Hop-Toad cruelly humiliates Alfredo in front of the assembled guests, before soaking him with brandy and setting him on fire. Prospero rewards Hop-Toad for his amusing \'entertainment\'. Outside the castle walls, Gino returns to rescue Francesca, and once again encounters the red-cloaked figure. The figure tells him not to enter the castle, and promises that he will send Francesca out to Gino shortly. Amid the general atmosphere of debauchery and depravity at the ball, Prospero notices the entry of the mysterious, red-cloaked figure. He and Francesca follow the figure through in to the Black Room, where Prospero believes the figure to be an ambassador of Satan. He asks to see the figure\'s face, but the figure tells Prospero that "There is no face of Death until the moment of your own death." As the ball is transformed into a danse macabre, Prospero asks for Francesca to be given the same high status in Hell as he believes he himself will receive. The figure appears to consent to his request, and sends Francesca outside, where he knows Gino is waiting. Before leaving, Francesca sadly kisses Prospero. The red-cloaked figure then reveals that he is not a servant of Satan  and tells Prospero that his beliefs will not save him, declaring that "Each man creates his own God for himself - His own Heaven, his own Hell." Prospero rips off the figure\'s red mask to reveal Prospero\'s own blood-spattered face. The figure is the Red Death himself - Prospero\'s \'own Hell\', and the \'moment of his death\'. Prospero attempts to flee through the now infected crowd, but his red-cloaked self is always in front of him. The Red Death finally corners Prospero in the Black Room, asking, "Why should you be afraid to die? Your soul has been dead for a long time", and strikes him down. In an epilogue, the Red Death is seen playing with his Tarot cards with a young child. Other similarly cloaked figures then gather around him, each wearing a different colour: the "White Death", the "Yellow Death", the Golden Death, the Blue Death, the Violet Death and the "Black Death". They discuss among themselves the numbers of people each of them had \'claimed\' that night, each accepting of their endless terrible task. When asked of his work, the Red Death says to them, "I called many...Peasant and prince...The worthy and the dishonoured. Six only are left." Among the surviving six are Francesca, Gino, Hop-Toad, Esmeralda, the little girl that the Red Death plays cards with, and an old man from a nearby village. The Red Death declares "Sic transit gloria mundi"  and the cloaked figures file offscreen in a grim procession. Over the procession are Poe\'s words: "And darkness and decay and the Red Death held illimitable dominion over all".'] ['Margaret "Marnie" Edgar  is a troubled young woman who has an unnatural fear and mistrust of men, thunderstorms, and the color red. She is also a thief. She uses her charms on Sidney Strutt  to get a job without references. Then late one night, she steals the contents of the company safe and disappears.  Mark Rutland , a widower who owns a large publishing company, is a customer of Strutt\'s. He learns about the theft from the victim, and remembers the woman. Unaware of this, Marnie applies for a job at Mark\'s company; he hires her and they begin to date. He too is robbed, but he tracks her down. He has fallen in love with her, and instead of handing her over to the police, blackmails her into marrying him. They leave on a honeymoon cruise. He finds out about her frigidity. At first, he respects her wishes, but later rapes her. The next morning, she attempts suicide by drowning in the ship\'s swimming pool, but Mark rescues her in time. Upon their return, Mark tries to discover the reason behind Marnie\'s behavior. In the end, they visit her mother, Bernice  in Baltimore, Maryland, and learn that she used to be a prostitute. When Marnie was six years old, one of Bernice\'s clients  had tried drunkenly to calm the child when she was frightened by a thunderstorm, petting her and kissing her. It seemed to Bernice that the sailor was molesting Marnie, so she attacked him. During the struggle the sailor fell on Bernice and and broke her leg. Seeing her mother struggling and in great pain, the child struck the sailor with a fireplace poker, killing him. The bloodshed led to her distrust of men and fear of the color red. Once the origin of her fears is revealed to her, she seems to decide that she wants to try to make her marriage work.'] ['Florence Farley, a tennis prodigy, is torn between fulfilling the dreams of her ambitious mother Millie who has planned her tennis career, or her own dreams of being with the man she loves.'] ['The film begins with Paul Carty , with his sister Molly,  and father, at his mother\'s graveside. After his sister escorts her dad away from the grave, Carty, looking at his watch, starts to run off. Along his way he gets changed into casual clothing and carries on running until he catches a football special train. Aboard the train, he meets the leader of the football firm, John Godden ([[Stephen Graham , an ex-soldier who warns him he has no room for runners in his firm and he best stand his ground. When walking through the train, he meets Elvis , and Carty reminisces about how they met in a series of flashbacks. We learnt that Carty has always been fascinated by The Pack, observing them at Tranmere games when they fight and trying to dress like them, at which point Baby Millan ([[Oliver Lee , taunts Carty and threatens him but Elvis leads the other lads away and Carty stands his ground. Carty eventually meets Elvis at a club night and the pair realise they have many things in common from music taste to wanting out of Birkenhead. The pair fantasise about leaving for Berlin. Carty, over their next few meetings, begs Elvis to introduce him to The Pack but Elvis calls them a "gang of pricks" and says Carty does not want to be involved. Eventually, after Carty headbutts a rude sales assistant in a record shop to prove his fighting skills, Elvis gives in and tells him to meet him on the train at 12:00 on Saturday. It fastforwards to on the train again, and The Pack are led by Godden to meet a rival firm. Once there, the two groups scrap and Carty is taken over by a thrill as he is embroiled in the fight. Carty returns home and we discover that his sister knows about his fascination with The Pack. The next day, Carty promises to take her shopping for her birthday in Chester. However, after an argument with Elvis when Elvis tells him he is making a "twat out of himself", Carty leaves work to find Elvis there. The pair go for a drink and forget about their argument, and Carty forgets completely about his sister. He promises he will take her out another time the day after, as his mind is firmly on the meet The Pack has when they travel to Wrexham that day. Once there, police attempt to form a barrier between the firms but Carty breaks through and cuts a Wrexham fan with his Stanley - much to the delight of Godden, who finally accepts him as one of The Pack. Everyone toasts Carty on the train home, except Baby Millan and Elvis who are far from happy about his new status. That night at The Pelican, the HQ and chosen pub of The Pack, Carty is "initiated" with a girl who he takes outside to have sex with. Once out there, Godden warns Baby Millan to not deal heroin to the members of the firm, warning The Pack cannot have any "smackheads". Baby replies "But its okay for Elvis to do it?", much to the puzzlement of Godden and the rest of the firm. Outside, Carty does not perform well with the girl, and the lads all rib him for this. Carty and Elvis one night meet two women, Sonia  and Jackie on a bus and take them back to Elvis\' bohemian-style flat, which has stars on the wall and a noose to remind him of the "certainty of death". Elvis\' behaviour becomes erratic as he consumes heroin, and when Carty refuses, Elvis rejects Sonia\'s advances and plays the guitar instead. Carty, waking up, sees Sonia in the bathroom and the pair have sex. The next day, Elvis and Carty are on their way to another away day when the pair argue in front of Godden. Elvis, taunting Carty\'s choice of women, is obviously hurt when Carty taunts his performance in bed with the women in front of The Pack. Godden taunts Elvis for possibly being a homosexual. Carty tries to apologise to Elvis as the pair walk in front of The Pack, and Carty spots the opposition firm coming towards them. He yells at the firm and urges The Pack to join them - and Godden does, only briefly, before headbutting Carty and telling him he is the leader of The Pack. Carty\'s reign as a top boy in the firm is over and Elvis is back to his jovial self on the train home as Carty sulks in the corner. Carty forgets about the Pack for a while and we see him telling his boss, Uncle Bob, that he will go back to college to do his A-Levels. He spends more time with his sister and he urges her to go out one night. In a taxi, Carty meets a pretty girl, Natasha , whom he had previously met in a club. The pair are spending a romantic night in when Carty\'s sister enters, visibly shaken up. She has been roughed up by a gang of boys and Carty, attempting to sort them out, is beaten up by them too. He recruits the help of Elvis and The Pack . The Pack beat up the gang of lads who roughed up Carty\'s sister, and Carty finds Elvis crying on the waterfront. Carty thanks him and says he owes Elvis one, but Elvis replies Carty does not owe him anything, and tells Carty "He always loved you, Carty". At Godden\'s funeral, Carty is sitting in the church after everyone leaves when Elvis enters and asks Carty if he will hear his confession. Carty, confused, agrees. Elvis is seen through the confession booth inhaling what appears to be heroin, and he tells Carty to come away with him to Berlin. Carty, currently enjoying a healthy relationship with his family, tells him he cannot yet. Elvis is upset by this, and tells him "He always loved you Carty", meaning himself. Elvis asks Carty for one more away day, before leaving. At the final away day, Carty is stood on the station platform waiting for Elvis to meet him yet there is no sign of him. He catches the train just in time and as the train pulls away, Elvis is visible sat on top of a bridge overlooking the track, as the train crosses underneath it, the bridge is covered in smoke and once it clears, Elvis has gone, hinting at suicide. Carty is out of place in The Pack without Elvis and after a final meet with a local firm in which Carty does not get involved, he is cut with a knife by Baby Millan, who calls him a "ponce". Carty then turns away from The Pack and walks out of the street, saying "How long had I waited for this day? Out of here. Out of this."'] ['Henry Hill  admits, "As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster," referring to his idolizing the Lucchese crime family gangsters in his blue-collar, predominantly Italian-American neighborhood in East New York, Brooklyn in 1955. Wanting to be part of something significant, Henry quits school and goes to work for them. His Irish-American father tries to stop Henry after learning of his truancy, but the gangsters threaten the local postal carrier with dire consequences should he deliver any more letters from the school to Henry\'s house. Henry is able to make a living for himself, and learns the two most important lessons in life: "Never rat on your friends, and always keep your mouth shut," the advice given to him after being acquitted of criminal charges early in his career. Henry is taken under the wing of the local mob capo, Paul "Paulie" Cicero  and his associates, Jimmy "The Gent" Conway , who loves hijacking trucks, and Tommy DeVito , an aggressive armed robber with a hair-trigger temper. In late 1967 they commit the Air France Robbery, marking Henry\'s debut into the big time. Enjoying the perks of their criminal life, they spend most of their nights at the Copacabana with countless women. Henry meets and later marries Karen , a Jewish girl from the Five Towns. Karen is initially troubled by Henry\'s criminal activities, but is soon seduced by his glamorous lifestyle. When a neighbor assaults her for refusing his advances, Henry pistol-whips him in front of her. She feels aroused by the act, especially when Henry gives her the gun and tells her to hide it. On June 11, 1970, Tommy  brutally beats Billy Batts , a mobster with the Gambino crime family, for insulting him about being a shoeshine boy in his younger days. However, Batts was a made man, meaning that he could not be touched without the consent of his Gambino family bosses. Realizing that this was an offense that could get them all killed, Jimmy, Henry, and Tommy need to cover up the murder. They transport the body in the trunk of Henry\'s car and bury it upstate. Six months later Jimmy learns that the burial site will be developed, forcing them to exhume the decomposing corpse and move it. Henry begins to see a mistress named Janice Rossi , setting her up in an apartment. When Karen finds out, she goes to Janice\'s apartment building to confront her, but is not let in past the front door. She then confronts Henry, points a revolver at his face, and threatens to kill both of them, demanding to know if he loves Janice. Karen cannot bring herself to kill him and an enraged Henry threatens Karen with the gun and says he has bigger concerns, like being murdered on the streets. Henry goes to live in the apartment with Janice. Paulie soon directs him to return to Karen after completing a job for him; Henry and Jimmy are sent to collect from an indebted gambler in Florida, which they succeed at after beating him. However most of the crew are arrested after being turned in by the gambler\'s sister, a typist for the FBI. In prison, Henry sells drugs to support his family on the outside. Soon after he is released in 1978, the crew commits the Lufthansa heist at John F. Kennedy International Airport. Despite Paulie\'s warning to stop, Henry further establishes himself in the drug trade, convincing Tommy and Jimmy to join him. Jimmy has the other participants in the Lufthansa robbery killed after they ignore his command to not immediately buy expensive things with their share of the stolen money. Then Tommy is killed for the murder of Billy Batts, having been fooled into thinking that he is going to be made. By 1980, Henry is a nervous wreck from cocaine use and insomnia, as he tries to organize a drug deal with his associates in Pittsburgh. However, he is caught by narcotics agents and sent to jail. On his release, Karen tells him that she flushed $60,000 worth of cocaine down the toilet to prevent the FBI agents from finding it during their raid, leaving Henry and his family virtually penniless. Feeling Henry betrayed him by dealing drugs, Paulie gives Henry $3,200 and ends his association with him. Henry decides to enroll in the Witness Protection Program after realizing that Jimmy intends to have him killed. Forced out of his gangster life, he now has to face living in the real world: "I\'m an average nobody. I get to live the rest of my life like a schnook." Titles explain that Henry was subsequently arrested on drug charges in Seattle, Washington but has been clean since 1987. Paul Cicero died in Fort Worth Federal Prison of respiratory illness in 1988 at 73. Jimmy, as of 1990, was serving a 20-year-to-life sentence in a New York State prison.'] ['On Falconhurst, a run-down plantation owned by the widowed Warren Maxwell  and his son Hammond , a Mandingo slave Ganymede, or Mede , is trained to fight other slaves. Hammond neglects his wife Blanche ([[Susan George , whom he rejects on their wedding night after discovering she was not a virgin. Hammond instead ravishes his slave Ellen , while Blanche seduces Mede. These various, conflicting affairs all eventually come together causing the film to end tragically.'] ['{{Plot|date1920smcoBAAAAMBAJ&pgen&source2 A Film Grows in Brooklyn]. New York Magazine, January 24, 1983, p. 3, pp.16-17. Retrieved 2009-01-12. in 1920. His gang consists of Patrick "Patsy" Goldberg, Phillip "Cockeye" Stein, and little Dominic. They work for Bugsy, a local hood, until they meet Max Bercovicz and become an independent operation under his and Noodles\' leadership. Noodles has a fruitless flirtation with Deborah Gelly , who aspires to be a dancer and actress. Bugsy attacks the boys and Dominic is shot fatally. Noodles retaliates by stabbing Bugsy to death with a switchblade. Police officers intervene, and Noodles stabs one of them. He is sent to prison, and Max is left in charge on the outside.  Twelve years later, Noodles  is released from jail in 1932 and becomes reacquainted with his old gang: Max , Patsy  and Cockeye ([[William Forsythe , who are now major players in the bootlegging industry during Prohibition. After briefly reuniting with other acquaintances such as Deborah , her brother Fat Moe , who runs the speakeasy, and Peggy , the gang is recruited by a Detroit mobster, Joe , through the auspices of a local mobster, Frankie Manoldi  to steal a shipment of diamonds from an insurance dealer. Carol , the jeweler\'s secretary, is in on the job and goads Noodles into raping her during the robbery. During an exchange at an abandoned dockyard, Joe and his henchmen are gunned down in a surprise hit by the gang; Frankie Manoldi had arranged the hit to eliminate the competition from Detroit. Leaving the scene, Noodles argues that Max said nothing to him about killing the mobsters, reminding him that they never planned to work for anybody. This is the first sign of the rift between Noodles and Max, which is one of two central themes of the story: the second being Noodles\' doomed relationship with Deborah. The gang becomes involved in Mafia matters, getting into a steel workers\' strike on the side of unionist Jimmy Conway O\'Donnell , protecting him against a steel tycoon\'s thugs. The crew also deals with the corrupt Police Chief  by switching the identity of the Chief\'s newborn son in the maternity ward. Carol becomes reacquainted with the gang and falls for Max. Noodles tries to impress Deborah on an extravagant date, but he is left feeling rejected when she tells him she is leaving the following night for the West Coast where she plans to further her acting career. He rapes her in the back seat of a limousine, and after Deborah leaves, he is left regretting what he has done. Max is eager to advance his gang\'s position, despite Noodles\' objections. After Prohibition is repealed, Max suggests that they rob the New York Federal Reserve Bank, but Noodles sees it as suicidal. He is convinced by Carol to tip off the police about a planned liquor run to keep Max from pulling the bank heist. During a farewell party for Fat Moe\'s speakeasy, he makes an anonymous phone call to the authorities and is beaten by Max after calling his plans "crazy." Later, Noodles learns that Max, Patsy, and Cockeye are all killed in a gunfight after getting cornered by the police. He is consumed with guilt for having made the phone call. Noodles\' new girlfriend Eve  is murdered by the Syndicate, and Fat Moe is beaten nearly to death before revealing the traitor\'s whereabouts. After hiding out in an opium den, Noodles escapes his pursuers. Having retrieved the key to the locker, he makes his way to the gang\'s money hoard. Noodles is shocked to discover that the money is missing, and he flees to Buffalo, where he lives for decades under an assumed name.  In 1968, a gray-haired and world-weary Noodles returns to New York City where he goes to stay with Fat Moe at his restaurant. Noodles shows Moe a letter he received from the local rabbi notifying him that the cemetery where his three friends were buried has been sold for development. The letter offers relatives and friends of the deceased the opportunity to have their remains interred elsewhere. Moe tells Noodles that he got a similar letter on account of his father some eight months previously. Noodles explains that the late delivery of the letter, coupled with the fact that the bodies of Max, Patsy and Cockeye have long since been removed to an exclusive private cemetery, is the reason why he has come back out of hiding. Fat Moe asks: "What\'s this all mean?" Noodles answers: "It means, \'Noodles, though you\'ve been hiding in the asshole of the world, we found you. We know where you are.\' It means, \'Get ready.\'" At the mausoleum where his friends have been reburied, Noodles discovers a key hanging on a plaque dedicating the monument to them in his name. It is similar to the one he and his childhood friends shared for the train station locker they used as an informal bank throughout their career as mobsters. When he goes to the station, he finds the locker contains a suitcase full of cash and a note to the effect that it is advance payment on his next job. Noodles goes to see an elderly Carol who is living or working at an institution run by the Bailey Foundation. The establishment looks like a hospital or a home for the aged. Carol tells Noodles that Max triggered his own death as well as the killing of Patsy and Cockeye by opening fire at the police that night. As they talk, Noodles inspects a group photograph from the opening day of the institution where an older Deborah can be seen very clearly sitting, pride of place, in the center of the front row. Carol is not sure who she is, referring to her as a famous actress and the patron of the institution. Noodles visits Deborah in her dressing room where she is taking off her make-up following a performance of Antony and Cleopatra. Deborah becomes agitated as Noodles begins to question her about the politically embattled Secretary Bailey who featured, obliquely, in a sequence of televised news reports earlier. Noodles is impatient as Deborah recites a few details known to just about anyone who reads the papers, challenging her that she has been living with him for years. Noodles mentions he has an invitation to "a party on Long Island" on Saturday night, although it is never clear exactly where or when that invitation was issued. Deborah advises him not to go, becoming frantic when they are interrupted by a knock on the dressing room door. The voice of a young man calls her by name. She asks him to wait, begging Noodles to leave by the back door, to go and not look back. Noodles leaves the way he came in and is shocked to be confronted by a young man bearing a striking resemblance to Max at the same age. Deborah introduces him as Secretary Bailey\'s son: "His name is David, just like yours." Noodles\' final visit is his attendance at Secretary Bailey\'s party where Secretary Bailey turns out to be none other than Max himself. He is now under investigation for corruption and decides to settle an old debt by hiring Noodles to assassinate him. Upon meeting his old friend after more than thirty years, Noodles learns that the planned liquor raid was a Syndicate operation, but he politely refuses to kill "Bailey" despite Max\'s confession that he betrayed him, stole the money and even "stole" his woman. Before leaving, he tells Max that his betrayal was meant to save his life. Max follows him to the road, and as an industrial garbage disposal truck parked there starts up and begins to slowly move down the road, Max appears to follow it and as his feet disappear behind the tires, we hear additional noises coming from the truck . As the truck passes, Max has disappeared, and in the back of the truck are sharp radius augers designed to move trash or debris into the top of the truck, leaving Max\'s fate somewhat ambiguous, but implying that he threw himself into the truck to be torn apart by the screws.  Noodles goes to an opium den following the loss of his friends. As he settles into his dream, his expression appears to shift from glazed relaxation through a faint glimmer of realisation before cracking into a final, broad grin which is frozen for the end titles.'] ['A career military attorney, Lt. Col. Adams, is brought in to defend Lt. Winston  for murdering a British soldier in India. The commander informs Adams that the Army would like the case to quietly go away and to put up as little defense as possible so that the court can move for a quick conviction. While investigating the crime, Adams discovers that Winston is completely insane. Along with the US Army, the British are also anxious to see Winston hang and have no real interest in seeing justice done. So, as the title suggests, Adams finds himself in the middle of two military units and must decide if he should just let the case be whitewashed so that the Army can save face and the officer can save his reputation or put up a real and compassionate defense.'] ["Urbania follows Charlie  through a sleepless night. After an unsuccessful bout of masturbation to the sound of his upstairs neighbors having sex, he prowls the streets looking for a man he saw several months earlier. The implication is that he's had a one night stand with the man, cheating on his boyfriend Chris . This is reinforced by several phone calls Charlie places, leaving messages on Chris' answering machine. As he's walking, he has momentary flashes akin to hallucinations or waking dreams: a man's mouth; a bottle breaking; a man with a blood-stained shirt. After a series of encounters , he meets the man he's looking for. His name is Dean  and it makes no sense either that he'd trick with Charlie or that Charlie would trick with him. Dean is unabashedly racist, sexist and homophobic. Nevertheless, Charlie, pretending to be straight, buys Dean drinks and smokes a joint with him. Dean takes Charlie to a gay cruising area looking for victims, but Charlie is able to warn away the intended target. Dean is now almost incapacitated by alcohol and drugs and Charlie gets him into Dean's car and drives him to a secluded marshy area. As had been implied by Charlie's flashbacks, Dean and two of his buddies, several months earlier, had attacked Charlie and raped and murdered Chris. Charlie's purpose is finally revealed: he wants revenge. In a dreamlike conversation with Chris, Charlie relates what happened at the marshland. He pulled a knife on Dean and told him why he was there. Dean didn't remember him. Charlie forced Dean to drop his pants and was disgusted to see Dean had an erection. Charlie forced Dean to kneel and fellate the knife blade. Suddenly, Dean collapsed with an epileptic seizure. Charlie slit his throat. Chris challenges Charlie, not believing that he killed Dean. Charlie admits that he wanted to but couldn't. Instead, he drove off in Dean's car, abandoning him in the marsh. Charlie stands up from where he's been kneeling, at a makeshift memorial near where Chris was killed. He walks home and has one more hallucinatory flash. He sees himself on the street, cradling a dying Chris. He kisses Chris goodbye and passes by him. When he turns back, Chris is gone. Charlie makes it home and, finally, is able to sleep. Charlie presents aspects of his story in the form of urban legends. The film references a number of urban legends, both by having characters describe them as they're depicted and by presenting random people experiencing them."] [' *Richard Gere as Vincent Eastman *Sharon Stone as Sally Eastman *Lolita Davidovich as Olivia Marshak *Martin Landau as Neal *David Selby as Richard Quarry *Jennifer Morrison as Meaghan Eastman'] ['Set in 1950s Ireland, the film focuses on the experiences of Bernadette "Benny" Hogan and her two friends, Eve Malone and Nan Mahon. They are characterized early on in childhood, during their First Communion: Benny is the beloved and well-fed only child, Eve the orphan raised by nuns and Nan is poor but destined to be defined by her beauty. The three girls grow up in the small town of Knockglen. Skip to six years later: Nan has moved on to university a year earlier, and Benny and Eve are set to follow. Eve\'s education is financed by the local wealthy Westward Protestant family, her father\'s employers until his death. The family has also willed to her a cottage on their property. Eve boards at a convent, while Benny must commute daily between home and Dublin, her parents being loath to let her go. They would prefer she marry the loathsome and creepy Sean Walsh, her father\'s faithful employee at his tailor shop. Once in Dublin the two girls reconnect with a mature and sophisticated Nan who is quite aware of her bewitching effect on the opposite sex. Benny eventually falls in love with Jack Foley, a handsome rugby player and doctor\'s son, studying medicine and expected to follow in his father\'s footsteps, though he is not quite convinced that this is the career for him. The girls visit their home town, and Nan becomes involved with the much older Simon Westward. While Benny is able to resist a physical relationship, Nan is not and believes that Simon truly loves her. In the meantime, when Benny\'s father dies suddenly, she leaves university to help her mother run the business, and Sean Walsh attempts to woo her into marriage. The accounts of the prosperous Hogan business are missing significant funds, creating a mystery over double-entry bookkeeping or some other cause. Eve\'s cottage, in an isolated sector of the Westward estate, serves as a party location for the three young women and their friends. Nan and Simon visit it secretly for their trysts. Nan becomes pregnant and Simon leaves her, offering to pay her off with a large check to get an abortion in England. A desperate Nan runs into a drunk Jack at a rugby team party, and she lures him into having sex with her to force his hand into marrying her. Nan confronts Jack, who does what he believes is the honorable thing and asks Nan to marry him. He tells Benny about the baby and the engagement and she is devastated. Eve is suspicious, finds a clue in the cottage fireplace, figures out the truth, confronts Nan at a party and her duplicity comes to light. That night, when Eve confronts Nan, Nan cuts her arm after falling into a glass cabinet at Eve\'s cottage. As he attends to her wounds, Jack realizes that he has found his calling in medicine. Nan recognizes that she cannot raise her child in a marriage based on lies and calls off her engagement with Jack. Jack escorts Nan to the train station and she asks that he and Benny forgive her for her desperate actions. Nan heads to England to have her baby , and on to a new beginning. Curiosity gets the best of Benny, and she snoops around Sean\'s living area above the tailor shop. Sean finds Benny in his room and attempts to rape her. She fights him off, and in the process finds the money that he has embezzled from her family for the duration of his employment. She demands that he leave, and he does, declaring that she is destined to be a spinster for the rest of her life. Jack finally goes to visit Benny to try to win her back. She is unwilling to let him off so easily, and tells him it will take quite a bit of time for him to gain her trust again. He demonstrates his patience and humility, devoting himself to his studies as well. Benny finally relents, accepting his love and proposal of marriage.'] ['In 1914, a group of British soldiers are preparing to leave to fight in The Great War in France led by Captain Chris Baldry . He appears at one final farewell party thrown by his wife, Kitty  - yet throughout he seems withdrawn and distant. The story moves on to 1916, Kitty and her companion, Jenny Baldry  are living in England. Jenny is concerned because they have heard nothing from Chris\' regiment, but Kitty dismisses her fears - more concerned by the rising prices of commodities in wartime Britain. Their quiet war is shattered by the unexpected visit of a Margaret Grey . A former acquaintance of Chris Baldry who has been written to by him from his hospital bed. He is ill and has been brought back to England. She cannot say any more. Kitty refuses to believe the visitor, and has her thrown out. It is only when she consults the telegram carefully, that she realises it is genuine and that her husband is in fact in a London Hospital. When they visit him, they see he is being treated for shell-shock, contracted on the Western Front. He doesn\'t remember his own wife, Kitty, and instead shouts that he wants to see Margaret Grey. Humiliated his wife departs, not entirely convinced he isn\'t shamming his illness. After a few days, Captain Baldry returns home, into a house that seems alien to him. His former friends are strangers, despite their efforts to reach out to him. He is more amused by simple pursuits, such as walking and staring into the river. He shows little interest in his wife Kitty, and they sleep in separate rooms. He sends for Maragaret, and the family car is sent to pick her up. She comes to visit him, several times - and both recall their past together. He had been in love with her despite the opposition of his parents to her working-class roots. Following a quarrel, they had been forcibly parted, and had both ended up marrying other people. Kitty is hurt and furious that he shows more interest in the plain Margaret than in herself. An expert in such matters, Doctor Anderson  is summoned and examines the patient. He advises that they allow Chris and Margaret to see each other more - something agreed to by a reluctant Kitty and Margaret\'s understanding husband . As their relationship blossoms, it becomes apparent that his attachment to her is one of a childlike nature. Kitty desperately wants him to be cured, and to return to the authoritative pre-war man she had known. Anderson is less keen to cure the Captain, noting how happy he is now - carelessly happy like a child. To return him to the present, the horrors of the war and the memory of a young son he had lost to illness, would be cruel. He doesn\'t even remember the child. Finally they resolve to tell him about the child, seeing that as a spur that will "cure him". As Kitty watches from a window, Margaret tells him. His body demeanor changes visibly and he starts striding towards the house looking as his cousin Jenny remarks "every inch a soldier". Realizing that her husband has come back to her, even though he will likely now be sent back to the war, Kitty smiles.'] ["The film begins when a couple disappear while having a romantic night out on a yacht near the Pacific Northwest resort community, Grave's Point. The next day, local fisherman Whip Dalton  finds the empty lifeboat from the missing yacht and finds a large claw stuck into the boat. Whip sends the claw to a university to be analyzed and it ends up in the hands of marine biologist Dr. Herbert Talley , who comes to Grave’s Point claiming it is from the tentacle of a Giant squid. The island harbor master Schuyler Graves  tries to hire Whip to kill the squid, but he refuses, so Graves sends out Lucas Coven  instead. Coven succeeds in slaying the squid and the carcass is promptly sold by Graves to Sea Land Texas owner Osborne Manning . Dr. Talley then organizes a submersible expedition to explore the squid’s habitat. But after analyzing the carcass of the dead squid, the scientists determine it is just a baby. The information comes too late and the huge adult squid attacks the submersible and everyone on board is killed. Whip then agrees to go out and hunt the giant squid but only if he can use his boat and Graves goes with him. He is also accompanied by coast guard officer, Lt. Kathryn Marcus , Dr. Talley, and Manning. They plan to snare the squid, reel it in, and shoot it multiple times with darts full of cyanide. The plan succeeds and the squid appears dead. But when the ship’s engine breaks down, Manning reveals that he filled the darts with tranquilizer instead of cyanide so he could take the squid alive back to Sea Land. Whip tries to cut the squid loose, but it wakes up and attacks the ship. Talley, Graves, and Manning are killed. A coast guard helicopter arrives in time to pick up Kathryn and Whip. As he boards the chopper, Whip fends the squid off with an axe, chopping open several extra fuel drums and having Kathryn use a flare gun to light his boat on fire, causing an explosion that finally incinerates and kills the giant squid. The helicopter flies them back to the shore where they reunite with Whip's daughter Dana ."] ['An artist, John Jaspers  sells his soul to the mysterious M   in order to avenge the death of his girlfriend. However, the deal has an unexpected price, and he is periodically transformed into a horned demon with a passion for killing. He discovers that M plans to release a giant monster called the Homunculus, thereby opening the gates of Hell, and sets out to stop him.'] ['The film commences on a sunny summer day in Yorkshire when Tamsin  meets Mona . The former travels on horseback and chances upon Mona, who is resting in the grass. Opposites attract as the girls come from vastly different backgrounds. The former is from an upper-middle-class family and has recently been suspended from boarding school for being a bad influence. The nature of the \'influence\' is never disclosed in the film. Mona, on the other hand, comes from a dysfunctional family, her recently-released prisoner brother, Phil , being her only living family member. Both of the girls seem to regard their lives as mundane. The new acquaintances set off together, one on horseback and the other on an engineless scooter. When Mona arrives home, she finds her brother in the pub that was once run by their mother, pouring all of the alcohol into the sink. He has undergone an extreme religious transformation during his stint in prison and regards his activity as part of his preparation for a rally for Christian converts. That night, Mona meets her lover, Ricky. They have sex in his car, after which he breaks up with her. Mona angrily turns down Ricky\'s offer to drive her home. The next day, Mona arrives at Tamsin\'s in order to escape from the rally organised by her brother. The girls begin to bond as they spend the day drinking and smoking while talking about the problems they face in their lives. Their sharing brings to light several of Tamsin\'s family secrets, such as the fact that Tamsin\'s sister, Sadie, died as a result of anorexia nervosa. The next day, Tamsin takes Mona to the place where Tamsin claims that her father is cheating on her mother with his secretary. Not only is Tamsin furious because she states that the secretary is blonde with big breasts, but also because the secretary is not very smart. Mona smashes a window of Tamsin\'s father\'s car. The girls then flee the scene, after which Mona agrees to spend the night in Tamsin\'s house. The next day Tamsin purchases an engine for Mona\'s scooter, after which they drive to a small river to swim. The girls share their first kiss while in the water, bikini-clad. The two return to Tasmin\'s house and Mona tries on dresses. When Mona tries on a long red dress, Tamsin states that it used to belong to her sister. She also tells Mona that she is beautiful. Mona dances while wearing one of the dresses in the yard while Tamsin plays a piece on her cello. Mona falls to the ground at the end of the song, and Tamsin kisses her passionately. Later that night, the two girls have sex in Tamsin\'s bed. The next day, Phil finds the girls sunbathing, Tamsin topless. She does not cover herself and merely gazes at him as he invites the girls to his rally, in which he wants to erect a large cross on the hill next to their village. The girls go and join the born-again Christians on their way up the hill. Tamsin behaves as if immediately attracted to Phil during the course of the rally. Mona and Tamsin explore Sadie\'s room and find a bag of magic mushrooms hidden inside a dollhouse. They take the psychedelic compounds together. Later that day, feeling the effects of the mushrooms, Mona and Tamsin go to a dancehall where they behave intimately, disturbing the mostly older patrons and prompting the bouncer to kick them out. They then go back to the river where they first kissed and declare their eternal love to each other, solemnly swearing that they would kill each other if one should leave the other. In the morning, Tamsin wakes by the river cold and shivering, and the girls leave to breakfast at Tamsin\'s house. Phil then arrives at Tamsin\'s house searching for Mona, whereupon Tamsin pretends to seduce him. He reacts and attempts to kiss her, but she laughs him off insultingly, sparking his fury and violence, as he grabs Tamsin by the neck in a fit of anger. He proceeds to lock Mona in her room, forbidding her to see Tamsin, where Mona draws a picture of Tamsin on the wall. Mona fakes suicide and Phil comes in to rescue her, whereupon Mona mocks Phil\'s belief in the devil and he beats her. Something in Phil snaps and he reverts to his violent behavior, kicking the born-again Christians out of the former pub, while Mona leaves the pub determined to start a new life with Tamsin. However, she arrives at Tamsin\'s and discovers that Tamsin is to return to boarding school. Mona also belatedly uncovers Tamsin\'s deception - Tamsin\'s sister, Sadie, is in fact alive, and did not die of an eating disorder; this was just a lie fed to Mona as part of Tamsin\'s idea of summer fun. Mona, feeling disgusted and dejected by the fact that she\'s been used as summer theatrics, leaves for the girls\' special spot at the river. Tamsin finds her there and tells Mona that it should have been clear from the start that their relationship was doomed. In explaining why she lied about Sadie\'s "death", Tamsin tells Mona, "I\'m a fantasist, for God\'s sake." They then slip into the water fully clothed again, re-enacting the earlier kissing scene. Mona uses this opportunity to fulfil her earlier oath, attempting to drown Tamsin, but ultimately leaving her alive, going off, instead, on her own.'] ['A raw Welsh novelist in Venice is humiliated by a money-loving Frenchwoman who erotically ensnares him.'] ['The NDR series robot "Andrew"  is introduced in 2005 into the Martin family home to perform housekeeping and maintenance duties. The family\'s reactions range from acceptance and curiosity to outright rejection and deliberate vandalism by their surly older daughter Grace , which leads to the discovery that Andrew can both identify emotions and reciprocate in kind. When Andrew accidentally breaks a figurine belonging to "Little Miss" Amanda , he carves a replacement out of wood. The family is astonished by this creativity and “Sir” Richard Martin  takes Andrew to his manufacturer, to inquire if all the robots are like him. The CEO of the company  sees this development as a problem and wishes to scrap Andrew. Angered, Martin takes Andrew home and allows him to pursue his own development, encouraging Andrew to educate himself in the humanities. Years later, following an accident in which Andrew\'s thumb is accidentally cut off, Martin again takes him to NorthAm Robotics for repairs, ensuring first that Andrew\'s personality will remain unharmed. Andrew requests that while he is being repaired his face be upgraded to allow him to convey the emotions he feels but cannot fully express. The CEO informs them that upgrade modification will be very expensive -- in fact, larger than the sum he earns in an entire year -- the price is well within the Martins\' means, comprising a month of Andrew\'s income from the sale of his carpentry and other woodworks and crafts. After the wedding of Little Miss , Andrew realizes there are no more orders for him to run. He eventually asks for his freedom, much to Martin\'s dismay. He grants the request, but banishes Andrew so he can be "completely" free. As Andrew leaves, Martin comments that he has stopped referring to himself as "one". Andrew builds himself a home at the beach and lives alone. In 2048, Andrew sees Martin one last time on his deathbed. Martin apologizes for banishing him as he silently says his goodbye to Andrew who states it was an honor serving him. After help from Little Miss\' reluctant son Lloyd Charney , Andrew goes on a quest to locate more NDR series robots to discover if others have also developed sentience. After years of failure, he finds Galatea , an NDR robot that has been given feminine attributes and personality. These however are simply aspects of her programming and not something which she developed as with Andrew. Galatea is owned by Rupert Burns , son of the original NDR robot designer. Rupert works to create a more human look for robots, but is unable to attract funding. Andrew agrees to finance the research and the two join forces to give Andrew artificial human face and hair. He also maintains contact with Little Miss over the years. In 2068, Andrew comes back to greet Little Miss but instead meets Portia Charney , her granddaughter  who looks exactly like a younger Little Miss. The now aged Little Miss explains to Andrew that it\'s a genetic likeness that skipped a generation. In 2070, Andrew comes to the hospital to see Little Miss one last time, he notices the horse he carved for her when she was young. She silently passes away, and Andrew feels the pain of not being able to cry and realizes that every human being he cares for will eventually die. Over time, Andrew and Rupert begin to study medicine and designs mechanical equivalents of human organs, including a central nervous system, which eventually allows Andrew to acquire tactile sensations. Meanwhile, his friendship with Portia evolves into romance. At first, Portia is uncertain about "investing her emotions in a machine" and almost marries someone else, but Andrew confronts her about her emotions and they eventually engage in a romantic and sexual relationship. Upon realizing that his relationship with Portia would never be socially accepted, Andrew petitions the World Congress to recognize him as human, which would also allow him and Portia to be legally married, but is rejected; the Speaker of the Congress explains that society can tolerate an everlasting machine, but argues that an immortal human would create too much jealousy and anger for him to be with another human being and he is declared a machine from that day on. In 2120, a physically middle-aged Portia decides that she doesn\'t want to have her life forever prolonged by Andrew\'s medical inventions, Andrew realizes that when she dies, he wouldn\'t want to live on without her. He works with an elderly Rupert to introduce blood into his system and to cause his brain to decay, thereby allowing him to age; Rupert officially welcomes him to the human condition, as it then becomes unknown when exactly Andrew would die. Around 2150 to 2160, an old and frail Andrew attends the World Congress a second time to petition to be declared a human being while a physically elderly Portia watches for support. In 2205, Andrew and Portia are on their death bed as they watch as the Speaker of the World Congress announces on television the court\'s decision: that Andrew Martin is officially recognized as human, and that aside from "Methuselah and other Biblical figures," is the oldest human being in history at the age of two hundred years. The Speaker also validates his marriage with Portia. Andrew dies while listening to the broadcast, and Portia orders their nurse--a now human-looking Galatea --to unplug her life support machine. The film ends with Portia about to die hand-in-hand with Andrew, as she whispers to him "See you soon."'] ['Executives at McGraw-Hill expressed an interest in Clifford Irving\'s novel, Rudnick\'s Problem, although Fake!, his previous work about art forger Elmyr de Hory, had sold poorly. Irving believed he had a breakout work at last, only to be told that the publishing house had decided against releasing the book after a Life editor deems it unsatisfactory. Vacationing with his friend and researcher Richard Suskind, Irving is ejected from his hotel at 1:00 am when Howard Hughes arrives and demands the entire building be vacated. Returning to New York City to meet with his publishers, Irving is upset to find that he has been fobbed off onto one of the assistants. He storms into the board room and announces that his new project will be the "book of the century", and threatens to take it elsewhere if McGraw-Hill is not interested. He then struggles to come up with a suitable topic for his grandiose claim, rejecting numerous suggestions from Suskind. After catching sight of a magazine cover picturing Hughes, he decides to make him the subject of his book. Irving approaches McGraw-Hill and claims he has been summoned by Hughes to help him write his autobiography and provides forged handwritten notes from Hughes as proof. When handwriting experts wrongly conclude the notes are genuine, the publishers strike a $500,000 deal for the book. Because Hughes is so reclusive and notoriously wary of legal action, he is unlikely to sue Irving, and his eccentricities also mean any denials of the book\'s authenticity likely will be treated as misdirection. Irving is convinced his hoax is the perfect crime. Irving is having marital problems with his artist wife Edith. His affair with actress/singer Nina Van Pallandt left Edith hurt and skeptical about her husband\'s ability to remain monogamous. Irving assures her he will remain faithful, and leaves to begin researching the book with Suskind. In order to create an authenticity that will fool even the experts, the two men devote days to studying documents pertaining to Hughes. They illicitly obtain a copy of a draft biography of Noah Dietrich, a retired Hughes aide, which provides details that add to the apparent authenticity of the work. Irving begins reciting passages for the book into a tape recorder in character as Hughes, going so far as to dress as Hughes and draw a Hughes-like mustache on himself during these sessions. As work on the book progresses, a box containing explosive information about questionable dealings between Hughes and Richard Nixon is delivered to Irving. He assumes the package is from Hughes and convinces himself that Hughes wants the damaging material included in the book, a sign he supports the autobiography. As publication date draws near, Irving steps up his pretense, including staging an aborted meeting between Hughes and the publishers. Denials that Hughes is involved in any way with the book are issued from his headquarters, but the McGraw-Hill executives are convinced it is a genuine work. Irving uses their increasing desire for the guaranteed bestseller to leverage larger payments for himself and  Hughes, and he and Edith concoct a scheme for her to deposit Hughes\' check, payable to H. R. Hughes, into a Swiss bank account using a forged passport with the name Helga R. Hughes. Irving becomes increasingly paranoid and experiences alcohol-fueled fantasies about being kidnapped by Hughes\' people. His affair with Van Pallandt has continued, and the pressure of keeping up a pretense of fidelity with his wife adds to his stress. In what is implied to be a favor to Nixon, Hughes goes public via a televised conference call and denies any knowledge of Irving or the book. Irving ultimately is arrested and agrees to cooperate if Edith is granted immunity. At a press conference, a government spokesman announces Irving, Edith, and Suskind have received short jail sentences. An overheard radio report details a sudden wave of legal decisions in favor of Hughes in a short period of time, ambiguously implying that Irving\'s book had indeed been used to create a situation placing Nixon in debt to Hughes. A fleeting scene from inside the Nixon White House shows that Nixon\'s preoccupation with Hughes led directly to the burglary and wiretapping of Democratic Headquarters at the Watergate Hotel, a historically disputed point and not a new one.'] ["{{Expand section}} Justin Quayle , a shy low-rung British diplomat and horticultural hobbyist posted in Kenya, is one to avoid making a fuss until he learns that his wife Tessa  was found dead on the veldt. Tessa has been murdered at a crossroads along with her Kenyan driver. Her colleague doctor Arnold Bluhm  is initially suspected of her murder but is later found to have been murdered on the same day as Tessa. Various rumours abound that the two were having an affair; however, it is later revealed that Bluhm was in fact gay. In flashbacks, we see how in London Justin met his future wife Tessa, an outspoken humanitarian and Amnesty activist, falls in love with her and how she persuades him to take her back with him to Kenya. As the mystery surrounding his wife's death unfolds, Justin is radicalised in his determination to get to the bottom of her murder. He soon runs up against a drug corporation that is using Kenya's population for fraudulent testing of a tuberculosis drug  with known harmful side effects and disregards the well-being of its poor African test subjects. Danny Huston plays Sandy Woodrow, the British High Commissioner on the scene. Bill Nighy is Sir Bernard Pellegrin, head of the Africa Desk at the Foreign Office and thus Justin and Sandy's boss. After finding out the truth about what happened to Tessa, Justin is killed at the place where she died. Justin's gentle but diligent attention to his plants is a recurring background theme, from which image the film's title is derived."] [":{{cquote}} Jamaica Inn is headquarters to a gang of smugglers, led by the innkeeper Joss . The smugglers extinguish coastal beacons in order to cause ships to run aground. Then they loot the wrecks and kill the surviving sailors. Mary , the orphaned niece of Joss's wife Patience  comes to live at the inn, and saves the life of Traherne , a gang member lynched by his fellow smugglers for embezzling. Traherne is actually a secret law-officer, trying to bring down Joss's gang. They flee the inn and seek the protection of Sir Humphrey Pengallon, the local magistrate, little knowing that he actually protects Joss's gang, as he needs the loot in order to maintain his lavish lifestyle. Traherne and Mary must race against time to stop a ship from being wrecked, and an unlikely love affair blossoms."] ['In the near future war rages across the fictional Republic of Gilead and pollution has rendered 99% of the population sterile. Kate is captured after seeing her husband killed and daughter kidnapped while the family tried to escape into Canada. Kate is trained to become a Handmaid, a concubine for one of the privileged but barren couples who rule the country\'s religious fundamentalist regime. Although she resists being indoctrinated into the bizarre cult of the Handmaids, mixing the Old Testament orthodoxy and misogyny with 12-step gospel and ritualized violence, Kate is soon assigned to the home of the Commander and his cold, inflexible wife, Serena Joy. There she is renamed "Offred" - "of Fred". She is forced to lie between Serena Joy\'s legs and have sex with the Commander, in hopes that she will bear them a child. Kate continually longs for her earlier life. She soon learns that many of the nation\'s leaders are as sterile as their wives. She decides to risk the punishment for fornication &mdash; death by hanging &mdash; in order to be fertilized by another man who will make her pregnant, and subsequently, spare her life. The other man turns out to be Nick, the Commander\'s sympathetic driver. Kate grows attached to him and eventually becomes pregnant with his child. Kate ultimately kills the Commander, then hides from the men who come looking for her. She thinks that the men are the Eyes, the governments secret police. However, it turns out that they are soldiers from the resistance movement, which Nick, too, is a part of. Kate then flees with them, leaving Nick behind in an emotional scene. In the closing scene, Kate is shown pregnant and alone in a stationary caravan. She reminisces about Nick and the current situation, hoping that once the resistance has won, she and Nick will be together.'] ['Crewman Andrew Braddock  survives the wreck of the sailing ship The Lady Vain. After several days at sea in a lifeboat, he reaches the shores of an island governed by the mysterious scientist "Dr. Moreau" . Besides Moreau, the inhabitants of the island include Moreau\'s associate, Dr. Montgomery ; his deformed servant, M\'Ling ; and a young woman named Maria . Though welcomed as an honored guest by Moreau, Braddock finds his contact with the natives increasingly disturbing, for they are not like any men he has ever seen. Eventually, it becomes apparent that these "men" are, in fact, the hybrid products of Moreau\'s experiments upon various species of wild animals. Braddock finds himself threatened by both the "manimals" and the sinister Moreau. After one of the man-beasts  attacks an animal, breaking the rules that Moreau has established, Moreau intends to take it to the "house of pain", his laboratory, where he will kill the beast for using free will. The beast panics and leads chase,{{huh?}} and Braddock kills it in sympathy. Convinced that Moreau is insane, Braddock plans to leave the island with Maria, with whom he has developed a mutual attraction. They are caught however, and Moreau straps Braddock in his lab, intending to conduct experiments on him. Montgomery objects and Moreau kills him in cold blood. M\'Ling and the servant animal women take Montgomery\'s body into the woods to the man-beasts. While the man-beasts become agitated over Moreau breaking another of the rules , Moreau injects Braddock with a serum that gives him animal characteristics. Braddock becomes more animalistic and struggles to maintain his humanity. The man-beasts storm the compound and in the chaos Moreau is killed after trying to whip his attackers into submission. Braddock, Maria, and M\'Ling stall long enough to engineer an escape, but the compound is burned and most of the man-beasts are killed by the wild animals which Moreau kept for his experiments. M\'Ling is also killed in the final escape. Braddock and Maria manage to sail away in the lifeboat that Braddock arrived in, but only after a bloody battle with one of the man-beasts who is killed by Braddock with a shovel. Some time later, they are rescued by a passing ship, and the serum has worn off, returning Braddock to his full human state. It also appears that Maria, too, is returning to her true nature.'] ["A cynical and gothic look at Hollywood during the late 1930s, Day of the Locust tells the tales of residents of the dilapidated San Bernardino Arms: Faye Greener, a trashy aspiring actress with limited talent, and her father Harry, a washed-up vaudevillian reduced to working as a door-to-door salesman; sexually repressed accountant Homer Simpson, who desperately loves Faye, and East Coast WASP Tod Hackett, an aspiring artist employed by the production department of a major studio, who also fancies Faye. There are unusual and bizarrely disturbing images: a middle-aged man sits in an untended garden staring at a large lizard that stares back; a young woman is transported into the film she's watching and finds herself portraying a harem girl in old Baghdad; a dwarf tenderly caresses a rooster, bleeding and dazed from a cock-fight,and then tosses it back into the ring to its death; an androgynous child beckons to a man through a window and performs a grotesque imitation of Mae West. These brief vignettes do little to advance the basic plot, but they serve to shape the audience's understanding of the era depicted as one of Hollywood sleaziness and wholesale alienation. Spectacle fills the screen—a set of the Waterloo battlefield collapses on the extras during the making of the film within the film. In the film's climax, an enraged Homer brutally tramples a child near a Grauman's Chinese Theater as crowds gather for the premiere of a new film. Seeing this, the enraged crowd swarms over and kills Homer. Almost immediately, the entire crowd is driven to riot, turning on itself, smashing store windows, overturning cars, trampling each other to death and turning the already packed street into a war zone. Severely injured, a delirious Tod imagines some of the mob take on the appearance of the characters in his own grotesque painting The Burning of Los Angeles."] ["Sir Wilfred Robarts, a famed barrister is released from the hospital, where he stayed for two months following his heart attack. Returning to the practise of his lawyer skills, he takes the case of Leonard Vole, an unemployed man who is accused of murdering an elderly lady friend of his, Mrs. Emily French. While Leonard Vole claims he's innocent, although all evidence points to him as the killer, his alibi witness, his cold German wife Christine, instead of entering the court as a witness for the defense, she becomes the witness for the prosecution and strongly claims her husband is guilty of the murder. Sir Wilfred believes there's something suspicious on the case, especially with Mrs. Vole."] ["On a remote Pacific island with a newly constructed luxury resort, oil rigger Hank Anderson's scientists are warning him that a nearby active volcano is about to erupt. Shelby Gilmore, who owns the hotel, is not sure how concerned to be, while Bob Spangler, who runs it, ignores all warnings and assures guests that the volcano's threat is a total exaggeration. Anderson and love interest Kay Kirby organize a getaway to a safe side of the island, but Spangler persuades many of the hotel's guests not to go, including his mistress Iolani and his wife Nikki, and they pay for it with their lives when the volcano does indeed blow. A small band of survivors head for higher ground. Among them are Rene and Rose Valdez, long-ago circus tightrope performers, the hotel's general manager Brian who is in fact the younger half-brother of Spangler, Sam and Mona, a bar owning couple from the town, and Francis Fendly, an embezzler being tailed by Tom Conti, a private investigator. Conti is blinded during the volcano's eruption, so Fendly becomes his personal guide. Some of the survivors do not make it. Rose Valdez dies from a weak heart and during the crossing of a rickety bridge some inevitably fall into the boiling lava below. Rene Valdez recreates his tightrope act carrying a child and saves the boy's life. Ultimately Anderson, Kirby and a few more are able make it to the island's other side safely."] ["Amantha Starr  is the privileged daughter of a Kentucky plantation owner. However, after he dies, a shocking secret is revealed: unbeknownst to Amantha, her mother had been one of her father's black slaves. Legally now property, she is taken by a slave trader to New Orleans to be sold. On the riverboat ride there, he makes it clear that he intends to sleep with her, but desists when she tries to hang herself; as a beautiful, cultured young woman who can pass for white, she is far too valuable to risk losing. Amantha is put up for auction. When she is callously inspected by a coarse potential buyer, she is rescued from further humiliation by Hamish Bond , who outbids the cad, paying an exorbitant price for her. Expecting the worst, Amantha is surprised to be treated as a lady, not a slave, by her new owner. At his city mansion, she meets his key slaves, his housekeeper  Michele  and his conflicted right-hand-man Rau-Ru . Rau-Ru is grateful for the kindness, education and trust Hamish has bestowed on him, but hates him anyway. As time goes on, Amantha and Hamish fall in love. He arranges to send her to freedom in the North, but she decides to remain with him. To complicate matters further, Hamish harbors a terrible secret from his past that troubles his conscience. Then, the Civil War breaks out, and New Orleans eventually falls to the Union. Hamish becomes a wanted man when he joins the other plantation owners in burning their crops in defiance. He and Amantha are helped to escape by Rau-Ru, who had fled and joined the Union Army."] ["A publisher, Lewis Venable, travels from New York to Venice, seeking to buy the 19th Century love letters of the late poet Jeffrey Ashton to a woman named Juliana Bordereau. He learns from a living poet, Charles Russell, that, amazingly, Juliana is still alive at 105. Lewis decides to assume a fake name and not immediately announce his intent. He is given lodging by Juliana and meets great-niece Tina, a pianist. In time, he discovers that Juliana is in dire need of money, even offering to sell him a valuable painting. He also learns that Tina has a schizophrenic personality and is often deluded into believing that she, herself, is Juliana, and that Ashton's letters were written to her. Charles tries to blackmail Lewis, revealing his true identity and purpose. Lewis comes to believe that Ashton was murdered and buried in the garden. Chaos ensues as he begins to leave, the house catching fire. He manages to save Juliana from the blaze, but the precious letters are lost, as is the old woman's will to live."] ["Zeus and Poseidon meet at a skyscraper, where Zeus reveals that his master lightning bolt is stolen and accuses Poseidon's demigod son Percy Jackson of the theft. Poseidon reminds him that Percy is unaware of his true identity, but Zeus declares that unless Percy returns the lightning bolt to Mount Olympus before the next summer solstice, war is waged. Percy is a seventeen-year-old teenager who appears to be dyslexic, but has a unique ability to stay underwater for a lengthy time. While on a school trip to the local museum, Percy is attacked by a Fury disguised as his substitute teacher, who demands the lightning bolt. Percy's best friend Grover Underwood and Latin teacher Mr. Brunner, both of whom appear disabled, help Percy and scare off the Fury. Upon learning of the Fury's reason for the attack, Mr. Brunner gives Percy a pen, tells him it is a powerful weapon, and has Grover take Percy and his mother Sally to Camp Half-Blood, leaving behind Sally's lazy husband Gabe Ugliano. However, the three are attacked by a minotaur that appears to kill Sally, who is unable to enter the camp. Grover tells Percy to use the pen, and Percy discovers that it is a sword, which he uses to fight the minotaur, without initial success. Percy kills the minotaur with its own horn then faints from shock. Three days later, Percy wakes up in the camp. He learns that he is the son of Poseidon, that Grover is a disguised satyr and his protector, and that Mr. Brunner is the centaur Chiron, also initially disguised. Chiron suggests that Percy go to Mount Olympus to convince Zeus of his innocence. Percy begins training to use his demigod powers, which include water manipulation and using water to heal, and meets other demigods including Annabeth Chase, daughter of Athena, and Luke Castellan, son of Hermes. After assisting in a team exercise, Percy is visited by a fiery apparition of his uncle Hades, who reveals that Sally is with him in the Underworld and that he will return her safely if Percy hands over the lightning bolt. Defying Chiron's orders, Percy decided to go to the Underworld, joined by Grover and Annabeth. They visit Luke, who gives them a map showing three of Persephone's pearls that they can use to escape the Underworld, an old shield, and a pair of winged sneakers Luke stole from his father. The trio heads out, locating the first pearl at an old garden center but encountering Medusa, who tries to kill them until decapitated by Percy; her head is taken with them for later use. They locate the second pearl in the Parthenon in Nashville, and Percy uses the winged shoes to take it from a statue of Athena. However, they are then confronted by the Hydra, which Grover petrifies using Medusa's head. The third pearl is located in Las Vegas in the Lotus Casino, where the three eat lotus flowers and forget their reason for being there. They stay in the casino for five days until Percy's dad Poseidon speaks in Percy's mind, helping Percy return to his senses. Percy then frees Grover and Annabeth from the effects of the flowers, and they flee, discovering that the casino is run by the Lotus-Eaters. With all three pearls in their possession, Percy, Grover, and Annabeth head into the Underworld, the portal to which is located in Hollywood. In the Underworld they meet Hades and his wife Persephone. Though Percy tells Hades that he does not have the lightning bolt, Hades finds it hidden inside Luke's shield, revealing that Luke is the lightning thief. Persephone knocks Hades out with the lightning bolt to get back at him for imprisoning her with him for all eternity and hands the bolt to Percy. However, because they only have three pearls, Grover remains with Persephone to allow Percy's mother to leave. Percy, Annabeth, and Sally teleport to the Empire State Building but are attacked by Luke, who wants to destroy Mount Olympus to secure the demigods' place as the new rulers of the gods. After a fight across Manhattan, Percy defeats Luke and returns the lightning bolt to Zeus, who forgives Percy and allows Poseidon to briefly speak with his son. The film ends with Percy and Annabeth reuniting with Grover, who has grown horns , meaning he is a senior protector, and returning to the camp to continue their training. In a post-credits scene, Gabe is being kicked out of Sally's house. He finds a note from Percy warning him not to open the fridge. Angrily ignoring it, he opens the fridge only to be petrified by Medusa's head."] ['Nick Naylor is a handsome, smooth-talking tobacco lobbyist and the vice-president of a tobacco lobby called the "Academy of Tobacco Studies", which for 15 years has been "researching" the link between tobacco smoking and lung cancer. They claim that their research&mdash;funded primarily by tobacco companies&mdash;has found no definitive evidence of any linkage. Naylor\'s job consists mainly of reporting the questionable research of the "Academy" to the public and defending Big Tobacco on television programs by questioning opposing health claims and advocating personal choice. Naylor and his friends, firearm lobbyist Bobby Jay Bliss and alcohol lobbyist Polly Bailey, meet every week and jokingly call themselves the "Merchants of Death" or "The MOD Squad". As anti-tobacco campaigns mount and numbers of young smokers decline, Naylor suggests that product placement of cigarettes could once again boost cigarette sales. Naylor\'s boss, BR, sends Naylor to Los Angeles to bargain for cigarette placement in upcoming movies. Naylor takes along his young son Joey in hopes of bonding with him. Throughout their trip, Naylor teaches Joey about the beauty of argument. Naylor is also sent to bribe Lorne Lutch, the cancer-stricken man who once played the Marlboro Man in cigarette ads and is now campaigning against cigarettes. Naylor offers Lutch a suitcase of money for his silence. When Lutch refuses, Naylor suggests he should publicly announce the bribe and say that he\'s using the money to start a charity for cancer victims&mdash;but adds that in that case he can\'t use any of it to help his own family, because he will seem like a hypocrite. Naylor\'s argument convinces Lutch to take the hush money for his family. Senator Finistirre, one of Naylor\'s most vehement critics, is the promoter of a bill to add a skull and crossbones POISON warning to cigarette packaging. During a televised debate with Finistirre, Naylor receives a death threat from a caller. Despite the threat, Naylor still plans to appear before a U.S. Senate committee to fight Finistirre\'s bill. Naylor is then kidnapped and covered in nicotine patches. Awakening in a hospital, he learns that the very high nicotine tolerance level resulting from his smoking has saved him from death by nicotine poisoning, but now he is hypersensitive to nicotine and can never smoke again. Meanwhile, Naylor has been seduced by a young reporter named Heather Holloway. During their steamy fling, the besotted Naylor tells Holloway all about his life and career&mdash;information that she happily publishes in an exposé that appears just after the kidnapping. Her article relentlessly bashes Naylor and his work, exposing Lutch\'s bribe, the product-placement scheme, and the MOD squad as well. It accuses Naylor of training his son Joey to follow his amoral example. All public sympathy due to Naylor\'s kidnapping evaporates, and Naylor is fired by BR. Naylor falls into depression until Joey helps him recall the integrity in his job of defending corporations that almost no one feels deserve a defense. Rejuvenated, Naylor tells the press about his affair with Holloway and promises to clear the names of everyone mentioned in her article. He also declares that he will still appear before the Senate committee. At the hearing, Naylor admits to the dangers of smoking but argues that public awareness is already high enough without extra warnings. He emphasizes consumer choice and responsibility and, to the dismay of Senator Finistirre, claims that if tobacco companies are guilty of tobacco-related deaths, then perhaps Finistirre\'s state of Vermont, as a major cheese producer, is likewise guilty of cholesterol-related deaths. At one point, Finistirre asks Naylor if he would condone his son smoking cigarettes after he turns 18. Naylor hesitates, then responds, "If he really wants to smoke, I\'ll buy him his first pack." After being impressed by Naylor\'s speech, which results in a vote against Finistirre\'s bill, BR offers Naylor his job back, but Naylor publicly refuses to work for his backstabbing boss. Holloway, publicly humiliated by Naylor\'s confession of their affair, is reduced to working as a local weather girl. Soon afterwards, Big Tobacco settles claims of liability for smoking-related deaths at a huge cost, the "Academy" is dismantled, and Senator Finistirre begins working to have cigarettes digitally removed from classic films. The MOD Squad still meets weekly, now with the addition of lobbyists for fast food, hazardous waste, and oil drilling. In the footsteps of his father, Joey wins a school debate using lessons his father taught him. Naylor opens a private lobbying firm, in which we see him continuing on the same path, guiding a trio from the cellphone industry concerned about claims that cellphones cause brain cancer. The film ends with Nick\'s narration: "Michael Jordan plays ball. Charles Manson kills people. I talk. Everyone has a talent. "'] ["Private detective Lew Harper  investigates a blackmail plot in Louisiana bayou country involving the nymphomaniac daughter  of an old flame of his, Iris Devereaux . He is caught up in a power struggle between Iris and oil tycoon Kilbourne . At one point, the complicated plot has Harper and Kilbourne's wife Mavis  locked in a hydrotherapy room, with the water rising to the ceiling, hence the film's title."] ['Jenny Agutter plays Wynne, an adopted 14-year-old girl who has a crush on her 32-year-old stepbrother, George, played by Bryan Marshall. While spying on George in the bathroom, Wynne notices George has several scratches on his back, and finds a bloody sweater she made for him that he threw in the trash, which leads her to suspect George of being the serial killer of several local teenage girls, who is still at large. Despite this belief, Wynne continues to have romantic sexual fantasies about George and dreams of marrying him when she comes of legal age. Wynne hides in George\'s trade van, thinking she will catch him in the act of murdering a young girl. Instead she discovers he is having an affair with a suicidal older woman, played by Lana Morris, whose blood was on the discarded sweater from slashing her wrist in a suicide attempt. Wynne\'s best friend Corrinne, played by Clare Sutcliffe, teases Wynne about her crush on George, and when the family goes out on a picnic Corrinne even flirts with George, who gets angry at her for acting like a "pathetic little mini-tart" and pins her down roughly on the ground. Corrinne runs away from the picnic, and later telephones Wynne to tell her she\'s staying out all night with a boy she met, who turns out to be the true serial killer, a bus conductor played by Simon Ward. Wynne gets worried about her friend, goes searching for her, and finds Corrinne\'s dead body; when the bus conductor sees Wynne he intends to make her his next victim, but the police arrive on the scene in time. The theme song, also entitled "I Start Counting", was sung by Lindsey Moore.'] ["The film follows the plot of Journey's End quite closely, {{Or}} albeit set in the RFC rather than in an infantry battalion. The film is set in a one-week timeframe. It opens with fighter ace Major Gresham  speaking to a class of students at Eton school in October 1916. One year later, a single new recruit shows up at Gresham's base, 2nd Lt. Croft . At Eton, Gresham was his house captain. Moreover, Croft is the younger brother of his girlfriend. Gresham already relies on alcohol to cope with combat stress and bring himself to continue flying. Now the strain of being responsible for this young recruit  is an additional burden. Croft has to learn how to survive not only in the air, but on the ground as well as he initially makes some minor mistakes in squadron etiquette. The film also follows Croft's rapid rite of passage from naive schoolboy to adult fighting soldier. We also see Croft's initial hero worship of his commanding officer crumble as he learns the realities of active service, yet regains a new respect for Gresham and the stresses he has to cope with. The film reaches its tragic conclusion when Croft finally scores his first air victory and seems to have made the leap in skills necessary to survive, but is suddenly killed in a collision with a German aircraft."] ["Dwight Arno , is an attorney who is divorced from his wife Ruth . Ruth controls custody of their son Lucas , while Dwight maintains visitation rights. Dwight and Lucas are at a baseball game when Ruth calls, informing Dwight that he is late with returning their son home. Dwight drives Lucas home in a hurry, thinking he might forfeit his visitation privileges. When he loses control of his vehicle, he accidentally hits a young boy, Josh Learner , who is standing by a roadside. Aware that he has struck the boy, Dwight continues driving on. To Lucas, who has a minor injury from the incident, Dwight lies, saying that they had collided with a tree log. Dwight later hears on a newscast that Josh died in the collision. Subsequently, he tries to cover up the evidence which implicates him in the hit-and-run accident. After the initial shock of losing Josh, Grace  struggles through a process of shock, guilt and grieving process, and is forced to do so without any assistance, because her emotionally absent husband Ethan  is obsessed with finding out who killed their son and frustrated with the lack of progress the police are making in their investigation. Ethan eventually decides to hire a lawyer, who oddly enough turns out to be Dwight. Ethan links Dwight to a flash of memory of the driver and recognises Dwight as the killer of his son. In revenge, and fearing that Dwight would be incarcerated for only a short time, he buys a gun and travels to his house to murder him. Ethan points the gun at Dwight, eager to avoid traumatising Lucas, begs Ethan that they at least go outside. With Dwight in the trunk of his car, Ethan drives him to a remote coastal location. Because of Ethan's emotional state and resulting hesitation, Dwight manages to grab the gun from Ethan and point it at him, but later points it at himself instead. Ethan sees how the knowledge of what he has done is torturing Dwight, and he accepts Dwight's expression of pain as justice. Ethan finds peace and leaves Dwight by the beach. The film ends with Lucas alone watching a taped confession about the incident from Dwight with the authorities, indicating his involvement."] ['Marian Fairlie  and Laura Fairlie  are half-sisters . Laura\'s mother died, leaving Laura an inheritance which she will receive when she comes of age. They both live in Limmeridge with their uncle, Mr. Fairlie , who hires a new tutor, Walter Hartright . Marian tells Hartright that she and Laura are very close, agree in everything and refuse to be taught separately. On the night Mr. Hartright arrives at Limmeridge, he bumps into a woman in white. She speaks cryptically, and inquires if he is to stay with the Fairlies. When a carriage arrives, she runs off. Mr. Gilmore, the Fairlies\' attorney, tells him that the woman must have been a villager. When Hartright meets the two sisters, he mistakes Laura for the woman in white because of the strong resemblance. As Mr. Hartright teaches the sisters, he grows especially fond of Laura. However, Marian makes it clear to him that her sister is already engaged to Sir Percival Glyde. Though she senses that something is not quite right, she cannot find fault in Sir Percival, who is kind, attentive, and rich. Laura and Mr. Hartright acknowledge their feelings for each other, but they cannot be together. Marian asks Hartright\'s help in tracking down the woman in white. Hartright agrees to stay outside at night to lure the woman in white. One night, Marian sees a servant girl, rush out from the woods, screaming for help. Right behind her is Mr. Hartright, whom she accuses of trying to rape her.  Hartright is immediately disgraced and sent away, but not before he warns Laura that she is in great danger. Laura ignores him and marries Glyde. When Laura returns from her honeymoon, Marian visits her and plans to stay for a while. However, Laura is not herself and refuses to speak to or even see Marian for four days. After threatening to leave, Laura asks her sister to stay and soon reveals the terrible truth. Despite seeming to be kind, Sir Percival abuses his wife in private. She ultimately reveals that she is afraid her husband will kill her to steal her inheritance. Marian believes her and tells Laura to lock Sir Percival out of her room at night. Glyde\'s foreign friend, Count Fosco, arrives. Before dinner, Laura is pressured into signing a document, but Glyde refuses to let her read it. Fosco, realizing that he must appear to be on her side, tells Glyde to stop trying to force her to sign it. Angered by her defiance, Glyde throws the papers into the fire and storms out. Meanwhile, the woman in white has reappeared; her name is Anne Catherick and she has run away from an asylum. Marian confides in Fosco about a secret meeting with Anne Catherick. The sisters try to help Anne by giving her food and clothing. Anne tells them that Sir Percival has a terrible secret. But before Anne can tell them, Glyde shows up with Fosco and they capture Anne. Anne mistakenly thinks that Marian and Laura betrayed her. Marian and Laura try to escape to Limmeridge, but their plans are foiled by Glyde\'s servant Baxter, who shoots at them as they sprint toward the roads. They run back to the house. Later Marian goes out to the ledge to spy on Count Fosco and Glyde. She overhears them saying that Marian and Laura are to be separated before breakfast. However, Marian accidentally pushes something which crashes off the balcony. They look to see who is there, while Marian jumps from the balcony to the ground and breaks her ankle. She hides in the woods in the rain until they go back to the house. When she returns to her room, she locks the door and sleeps under her bed while telling herself to wake up before breakfast to warn Laura. But Marian develops a fever and goes into delirium. People break into her room and force her to drink something. While ill, she dreams of her sister being drugged and thrown off the tower. She wakes up and Mr. Gilmore informs her that Anne has been placed in an asylum and Laura has committed suicide by jumping off the tower. Unwilling to believe her sister would kill herself, Marian promises to avenge her sister\'s death. Count Fosco discovers her snooping through his things, and she is thrown out in disgrace. Her uncle will provide a small allowance to her but she can never return to Limmeridge. She finds help in a drunken Mr. Hartright who after losing his honor because of the false accusation of the servant Margaret, now makes a living by doing cheap portrait sketches. Marian and Hartright feel guilty for failing to save Laura, but they vow that they will not fail to help Anne Catherick. Marian visits Anne\'s doctor, under the guise of being ill. When he refuses to reveal Anne\'s whereabouts, Marian threatens to tell his clients in the waiting room that he made improper advances to her. He tells her that Anne\'s mother was a servant of Marian\'s father. Anne was born out of wedlock and both Anne and her mother were sent to Glyde\'s parents. Anne had first sought his help after having been "morally degraded" at the age of twelve. He reveals the location of her asylum, and tells Marian that Anne placed a lock of hair in Marian\'s father\'s grave when he died. At the asylum, Marian and Hartright are told that Anne is docile but is still given drugs for delusions. They go to her room where a woman dressed in white is staring at the wall. As Marian approaches her, she realizes that it is not Anne, but her sister Laura! They take Laura away from there, but Laura is at first catatonic. Baxter observes Marian and Mr. Hartright going to Marian\'s father\'s grave. Hartright digs up the coffin and finds a box filled with a lock of Anne\'s hair, a will, and Anne\'s diary. They read the documents in the church adjacent to the graveyard. They discover that Anne is another half-sister , that Sir Percival had raped Anne when she was only 12 years old, and that because of this, his father wrote him out of his will. Suddenly, Glyde appears out of hiding, knocks out Hartright and sets the papers on fire. Marian accidentally knocks over a lamp which sets the church alight. Afraid that Glyde is going to kill her, she runs away and locks the doors behind her, trapping him in the church. She manages to drag Hartright\'s body away from the flames. Then, she changes her mind and runs back to help Sir Percival, but the flames have begun to engulf him. Glyde repeats the words, "forgive me" as he burns. Hartright leads Marian away from the church as it explodes and says that the fire will be seen as an accident. Back at Limmeridge, the sisters\' uncle Fairlie makes a public announcement that Mr. Hartright was falsely accused. It is revealed that a conspiracy led to Laura\'s name appearing on Anne\'s grave marker and to the false imprisonment of Laura. Hartright announces his engagement to Laura, who has been restored to sanity. Laura and Mr. Hartright marry and have two children. At the end, Marian reflects that her father\'s abuse of Anne\'s mother started a cycle of abuse. Marian picks up her niece and prays that the cycle has ended.'] ['US Intelligence Agent Mark Fannon  is sent to Tokyo on a routine courier mission but soon uncovers communist George Underwood’s  plot to assassinate the American High Commissioner . Whilst there he meets Welsh receptionist  who fellow agent Tony Barrett  has the hots for. Though this causes initial animosity between the two they manage to race against the clock to foil the assassination.'] ['After the sudden death of their father, four children — teenagers Chris and Cathy and 5-year-old twins Cory and Carrie — find themselves penniless and forced to travel with their mother Corinne to live with her wealthy parents . Corinne informs her children that there has been tension between herself and her parents for many years, but does not elaborate and simply says they had cut her out of their lives for something she had done that they disapproved of. The children trust her, though Cathy is skeptical at times. Corinne\'s mother Olivia, a religious fanatic, takes her daughter and her children into her home, though with the harsh condition that the children must be sequestered away in a locked room so that her husband Malcolm  will never know of their existence. To that end, the children are shut up in one bedroom in the mansion, only with access to the mansion\'s attic via a secret stairway. It is on their first day there that the grandmother reveals the shocking truth: Corinne and her husband were really uncle and niece, making their love incestuous and their children the product of said incest. When Corrine finally returns to the children that night, she is forced to show the children that she has been savagely horsewhipped by her mother as a punishment for her incestuous relationship. Corinne admits to the children that she and their father were uncle and niece, and the children do not say anything but seem to accept it. Corinne tells the children that their confinement will only be for a short time: her father is deathly ill, and once she is able to convince him to secure her inheritance, when he dies they will be free. The film focuses on the children\'s ordeal as shut-ins and their clashes with the ultra-religious grandmother, who loathes the children due to their incestuous conception. The children struggle to survive, even as their mother\'s visits quickly taper off. In particular, Olivia becomes obsessed with Chris and Cathy, out of the warped belief that they have become lovers. Discovering them sleeping in the same bed one morning, the grandmother smashes Cathy\'s ballerina music box, given to her by her deceased father, and after she discovers the two innocently talking while Cathy is bathing, she calls them sinners. Chris manages to chase her out, but later on Olivia ambushes Cathy in the bedroom, locks Chris in the closet preceding the attic, and hacks off her hair with a pair of scissors. She then starves them for a week, and Chris is forced to feed Cory his own blood so he doesn\'t die of starvation. As time goes on, the children are often sick, especially the younger ones. Chris and Cathy manage to secretly remove the hinges from their locked door on a few occasions to sneak out of their room, and discover that their mother has been living a life of luxury as well as dating a young lawyer, Bart Winslow. She does eventually come to visit them again, and they confront her about leaving them there to suffer and ignoring them. Corinne is very defensive and acts insulted, cries that they are cruel to think that she is deliberately neglecting them, or enjoying life while they are locked up. She storms out. Shortly after, Cory becomes deathly ill. The children ask Olivia and Corinne to take Cory to the hospital, which they do, but later Corinne returns to inform them Cory has died. The children are devastated, but not long after they start to suspect that Olivia has been poisoning all of them when their pet mouse Fred is found dead after eating part of a cookie. Chris researches and concludes that Cory and Fred were killed via arsenic poisoning, mixed in the sugar on the cookies they are served with the breakfast. The remaining siblings decide to leave the attic once and for all. Chris sneaks out to steal money before they escape and discovers that their mother is planning to wed Bart Winslow at the mansion the next morning. Though upset, he suggests to Cathy they dress up in fancy clothes from the attic, and use the wedding as a cover to sneak out of the house. When Olivia secretly enters their bedroom the next day, hoping to catch them once more doing something "evil", Chris takes her by surprise and beats her unconscious with a bedpost. As they are leaving, Cathy decides they should reveal themselves to their grandfather . However, when they enter his room, they find it empty, with the bed dismantled: the grandfather, Malcolm, has been dead for months. They also find a copy of his will, which connects the final dots—Malcolm, still suspicious of his daughter, put a clause in his will which states that if it is ever revealed that she had children from her first marriage, she will be disinherited and lose all of her money. They realize that their mother was the one poisoning the cookies, not their grandmother. The children crash the wedding ceremony and expose their mother to the guests and the groom; Corinne refuses to acknowledge the children as her own or to admit to poisoning Cory. Cathy offers her an arsenic-coated cookie as a wedding present, and in fury tries to force her mother to eat it, chasing her out to a balcony, where after a brief struggle, Corinne falls and is killed when her veil is caught on a trellis, breaking her neck. Afterward, the children leave the mansion as their grandmother looks on with scorn; the narrator  explains that the children did manage to survive all by themselves although Carrie was \'never truly healthy\'. She wonders aloud if her grandmother is still alive, anticipating Cathy\'s eventual return to claim the family\'s fortune.'] ["The plot of the epic costume drama follows the globe-trotting adventures of the title character, the illegitimate offspring of Maria Bonnyfeather, the bride of the cruel and devious middle-aged nobleman Marquis Don Luis, and Denis Moore. After he learns of his wife's affair, Don Luis takes her away but Denis tracks them down at an inn, where Don Luis kills him in a duel of swords. Months later Maria dies giving birth to her son at a chalet in the Alps. Don Luis leaves the infant at a convent near Leghorn, Italy,  and lies to Maria's father, wealthy merchant John Bonnyfeather, telling him that the infant is also dead. Ten years later, completely by coincidence, the child is apprenticed to Bonnyfeather, his real grandfather, who discovers his relationship to the boy but keeps it a secret from him. He gives the boy the surname Adverse in acknowledgement of the difficult life he has led. As an adult, Anthony falls in love with Angela Giuseppe, the cook's daughter, and the couple wed. Soon after the ceremony, Anthony departs for Havana to save Bonnyfeather's fortune. The note Angela leaves Anthony is blown away and he is unaware that she has gone to another city. Instead, assuming he has abandoned her, she pursues a career as an opera singer. Anthony leaves Cuba for Africa, where he becomes corrupted by his involvement with the slave trade. He is redeemed by his friendship with Brother François, and following the friar's death he returns to Italy to find Bonnyfeather has died and his housekeeper, Faith Paleologus , will inherit the man's estate fortune unless Anthony goes to Paris to claim his inheritance. In Paris, Anthony is reunited with his friend, prominent banker Vincent Nolte, whom he saves from bankruptcy by giving him his fortune. Through the intercession of impresario Debrulle, Anthony finds Angela and discovers she bore him a son. She fails to reveal she is Mlle. Georges, a famous opera star and the mistress of Napoleon Bonaparte. When Anthony learns her secret, he departs for America with his son in search of a better life."] ['In the Nevada desert, a couple, Peter and Mary Jackson are driving just as they are stopped by a sheriff, Collie Entragian. He soon learns they are in possession of marijuana. In response, he takes them to jail. After they enter the police station, they see a little girl, dead, on the floor and Entragian shoots and kills Peter. Mary is thrown in a jail cell along with a young boy, David Carver, his parents, Ralph and Ellen, and an old man, Tom Billingsley. It\'s also learned the little girl is the Carver\'s daughter named Pie. In jail, David is praying to God and he\'s been doing it because of his best friend, Brian. David and Brian were riding bikes just as a crazy drunk guy in a car was coming towards them. David saves himself while the car hits Brian\'s bike making him fly. The car crashes and injures the man while Brian flies and smashes his face on a nearby house, causing David to pray for him, which works. The doctor at the hospital where Brian had to go called it a "miraculous recovery". Meanwhile, Steve Ames is in his truck following famous author Johnny Marinville who is 50 miles up ahead. Steve soon picks up a young female hitchhiker named Cynthia Smith. Johnny stops in the desert to urinate just as Entragian shows up behind him and puts the same weed he got from Peter and Mary under Johnny\'s motorcycle seat and "arrests" him. Later, David realizes Entragian\'s skin is breaking out and he keeps saying "Tak" because he is possessed. Entragian then takes Ellen so he can shift his spirit into her body and puts a vicious dog in charge of things. Pie\'s ghost appears and gives David a bar of soap. He proceeds to scrub his body with the soap and while the dog is distracted, David slips through the bars of the jail cell and gets out of the room. David searches the police station and finds a gun on the corpse of another sheriff. He returns to shoot the guarding dog to free everyone. Meanwhile, Steve drives up to where Johnny was captured by Entragian to find Johnny\'s motorcycle hidden behind dry bushes. Cynthia and Steve later search the town of Desperation, where they find all the residents dead. That night, they both meet up with the gang. They gather at a theater and Tom tells a story that took place 120 years ago, when Chinese workers digging in a mine discovered an evil spirit named "Tak." The now possessed Ellen sends in a mountain lion and Tom is killed. Mary is captured by Ellen so that she can have a new body. David sees the ghost of Pie in the theater again and she leads him to the movie editing machine revealing the truth of how Tak came to the town. Mary wakes up to find herself trapped in a shed waiting to be the next host for Tak. With the help of Pie, she manages to escape, while seriously injuring Ellen\'s body forcing Tak to take over the body of a raven. Johnny later confesses 40 years ago in Vietnam he saw a guy, possessed by Tak, blow up the bathroom of a bar killing 87 people. The group decides to return to the cave with some explosives they found to put an end to Tak. At the entrance, a vulture comes out and kills Ralph. In order to redeem himself, Johnny goes into the mine and falls in a hole leading to a small hole where Tak is. Johnny ignites the explosives, blowing up the mine while the rest of survivors drive away in Steve\'s truck. Along the route driving away from the town, they pass by the RV vehicle owned by David\'s family and Peter\'s sister\'s car. Mary tells Steve to stop the truck to retrieve an overnight package from the car. In the back seat Mary finds an album belonging to Pie, which Steve identifies as being signed by Johnny.'] ['18-year-old Joy starts her catalogue of bad choices by running away from home with Tom. She marries and has a son, Johnny. Tom, a thief, mentally and physically abuses Joy and ends up in prison, leaving her on her own with their son. She takes a job as a barmaid, and later picks up extra money as a prostitute. Her life spirals downhill until her son goes missing and she realises what is most important to her. :Tagline: A love story about a girl, the man she is living for, and the man she is living with.'] ['As the Earth passes through the tail of a rogue-comet; Rhea-M, previously inanimate objects  start to show a murderous life of their own. In a pre-title scene, a man  tries to withdraw money from an ATM, but it instead calls him an "asshole". Chaos soon begins as machines of all kinds come to life and begin assaulting humans; a drawbridge inexplicably raises during heavy traffic, resulting in multiple accidents , while a vending machine kills the coach at a Little League game by firing canned soda point-blank into his groin and then to his skull, and a pilotless steamroller flattens one of the fleeing children. The carnage spreads as humans and even pets are brutally killed by lawnmowers, chainsaws, electric hair dryers, pocket radios, and RC cars. At a roadside truck stop just outside Wilmington, North Carolina, a waitress is injured by an electric knife and arcade machines in the back room electrocute another victim. Employee and ex-convict Bill Robinson  begins to suspect something is wrong when suddenly marauding big rig trucks, led by a black semi-truck sporting a giant Green Goblin mask on its grille, run down two individuals and trap the rest of the civilians inside the truck stop\'s diner. Robinson rallies the survivors; they use a cache of firearms and M72 LAW rockets stored in a bunker hidden under the diner and destroy many of the trucks. The trucks fight back, and at one point several human fatalities result from an M274 "Mule" firing its mounted M60 machine gun into the building. The vehicles then demand, via sending Morse Code signals through their car horns, that the humans pump their diesel for them in exchange for keeping them safe; the survivors soon realize they have become enslaved by their own machines. Robinson suggests they escape to a local island just off the coast, on which no vehicles or machines are permitted. During a fueling operation, Robinson sneaks a grenade onto the Mule truck, destroying it, then leads the party out of the diner via sewer hatch to the main road. The survivors are pursued to docks by the Green Goblin truck, which manages to kill one more trucker before Robinson destroys the truck once and for all with a direct hit from a rocket shot. The survivors then sail off to safety; a title card epilogue explains that the machines are stopped with the destruction of a UFO by a Soviet "weather satellite" equipped with nuclear missiles and a laser cannon.'] ['The Titanic was the largest vessel afloat, and was widely believed to be unsinkable. Her passengers included the cream of American and British society. The story of her sinking is told from the point of view of her passengers and crew, principally Second Officer Charles Lightoller . Once in the open sea on her maiden voyage, the Titanic receives a number of ice warnings from nearby steamers. Captain Edward J. Smith  is unconcerned and the ship continues on at high speed. Late on 14 April 1912, lookout Frederick Fleet ([[Bernard Fox  spots an iceberg directly in front of the ship. The ship turns hard to port, but the Titanic collides with the iceberg on its starboard side, opening the first five compartments to the sea, below the waterline. Thomas Andrews , the ship\'s builder, inspects the damage and finds that the ship will soon sink, a bad situation made horrific by the fact the ship does not have sufficient lifeboat capacity for everyone on board. A distress signal is immediately sent out, and efforts begin to signal a ship  that is seen on the horizon, a mere 10&nbsp;miles away. But the ship\'s radio operator is off duty and he does not hear the distress signal. Fortunately, the radio operator on the {{RMS}} receives the distress call, understands the emergency and immediately alerts Captain Arthur Rostron  who promptly orders the ship to head to the Titanic at maximum speed. Captain Smith orders his officers Lightoller and William Murdoch to start lowering the lifeboats. Many women and children are reluctant to get in a small, cramped lifeboat, and Murdoch and Lightoller must use force to put them in. Many men try to sneak into the lifeboats, but Lightoller will not allow them. Murdoch, working the other side of the ship, is shown as more accommodating to men. As the stewards struggle to hold back women and children holding third-class tickets , most of the women and children from second and first class climb into the lifeboats and launch away from the ship. The bow of the ship is swiftly taking in a lot of water and there are only two collapsible lifeboats left. Lightoller and other able seamen struggle to untie them and, unable to take the time to put passengers into the boats, leave them in the hope that the boats will save more lives. The {{RMS}} is four hours away and is racing to the site, in hope of saving more lives. The ship sinks amid much chaos on the decks, with third class passengers allowed up from below after the boats are gone. Lightoller and many others swim off the ship. The ship sinks deeper into the water; suddenly a funnel breaks loose and crashes into the water and the ship goes down. One of the overturned collapsibles is floating, so Lightoller and a few more men balance on the boat and wait. Chief Baker Charles Joughin is found in the water, not minding the cold because he\'s been drinking, and pulled up on the boat. Lightoller spots another lifeboat and the men are saved. The Carpathia comes and rescues the survivors. As the film ends, Lightoller, the senior surviving officer, reflects that they were all so sure about the safety of the ship, and that he will "never be sure again, about anything."'] ['Robert and Mamie Eunson ([[Cameron Mitchell  are Scots who have just landed in America , having been invited there by Mamie\'s uncle. They arrive in the tiny logging village of Eureka, only to be informed that both uncle and his cabin have been incinerated in a house fire. The Eunsons are assisted by the friendly locals in reconstructing the house and Robert takes to tipping timber. Mamie is heavily pregnant upon their reaching Eureka; she delivers baby Robbie  soon after the cabin is completed. Robert eventually starts a successful boat building business and Mamie gives birth to five more children: Jimmy , Kirk , Annabelle , Elizabeth , and Jane . The Eunsons are prospering and happy—until little Kirk is diagnosed with diphtheria. Mamie and Kirk are quarantined while Robert takes the other children away. The boy recovers, but the goodbye kiss he gave Dadda before his departure proves fatal, and Mr. Eunson succumbs. Mamie takes to working as a seamstress and Robbie becomes the man of the house. Things stabilize, but only briefly: tired and work-worn, Mamie contracts typhoid. Knowing she will not survive, she charges her eldest with finding good homes for his siblings. After her death, Robbie places his brothers and sisters with kindly townsfolk as Christmas approaches. Stoic and resigned during the process, he does break down when he is alone and sees the tree outside the homestead where his father had carved the names of the children into the bark. Baby Jane is the last to be handed over—Robbie stands at the door of a house and asks the woman who answers, "Please, ma\'am, I was wondering if you\'d care to have my sister."'] ['The story follows the fortunes of Simon Sparrow , starting as a new medical student at the fictional St Swithin\'s Hospital in London. His five years of student life, involving drinking, dating women, and falling foul of the rigid hospital authorities, provide many humorous incidents. When he has to leave his first choice of lodgings to get away from his landlady\'s amorous daughter , he ends up with three amiable but less-than-shining fellow students as flatmates: *Richard Grimsdyke . A relative had left him a small but adequate annuity while he remains in medical school, so he sees to it that he flunks each year. *Tony Benskin , an inveterate woman chaser. *Taffy Evans , a rugby fanatic. Towering over them all is the short-tempered, demanding chief surgeon, Sir Lancelot Spratt , who strikes terror into everyone. Simon\'s friends cajole him into a series of disastrous dates, first with a placidly uninterested "Rigor Mortis" , then with Isobel , a woman with very expensive tastes, and finally with Joy , a nurse at St Swithin\'s. After a rocky start, he finds he likes Joy a great deal. Meanwhile, Richard is given an ultimatum by his fiancée Stella  – graduate or she will leave him. He buckles down. The climax of the film is a rugby match with a rival medical school during Simon\'s fifth and final year. After St Swithin\'s wins, the other side tries to steal the school mascot, a stuffed gorilla, resulting in a riot and car chase through the streets of London. Simon and his friends are almost expelled for their part in this by the humourless Dean of St Swithin\'s . When Simon helps Joy sneak into the nurses\' residence after curfew, he accidentally falls through a skylight. This second incident gets him expelled, even though he is a short time away from completing his finals. Sir Lancelot, however, has fond memories of his own student days, particularly of the Dean\'s own youthful indiscretion . His discreet blackmail gets Simon reinstated. In the end, Richard fails , but Stella decides to enroll at St Swithin\'s herself so there will be at least one doctor in the family. Simon and Taffy graduate.'] ['President Fenton and the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives are killed while at a summit in Frankfurt, West Germany when the palace hosting the legation suffers a collapse. Vice President Noah Calvin, elderly and in very ill health, refuses to assume the office, pointing out that they\'ll need another replacement almost immediately. Arthur Eaton, the Secretary of State, is urged to take the office, but he points out that according to the law, the line of succession places the job next with the President pro tempore of the Senate, who is Douglass Dilman. A stunned Dilman is sworn in and arrives at the White House to assume office. Eaton\'s outspoken wife Kay berates her husband for not pushing to become president, even though it would be contrary to the succession order. Eaton assures her that he will become president once Dilman proves unable to handle the job. In the morning, as Eaton and his advisers come to the Oval Office, it becomes evident that Eaton is setting himself up as the "power behind the throne." Dilman meets with Eaton, who gives him a binder of briefing notes. Included are statements the President can give in response to questions asked by the press, statements that generally conform to positions on issues by the administration of the deceased Fenton. Dilman meets the press for the first time as president. At the outset, he goes along with the information provided. An aggressive reporter observes the "puppet strings" as Dilman stops to consult notes after each question, and he questions Dilman\'s independence. Eaton scribbles a note and has it taken forward to the president. Dilman, having realized that he\'s being manipulated, crumples Eaton\'s note, shoves the briefing binder aside and proceeds under his own initiative, deciding that if God or fate has made him president, he will have to make his own decisions. Dilman, a moderate, is confronted with activists and extremists over his skin color. Robert Wheeler, a young black man, meanwhile, is sought for extradition by apartheid South Africa for a deadly act in that country; Dilman offers his help as the young man claims he was in Burundi at the time. Senator Watson introduces a bill that would require approval of Congress in any attempt by the President to dismiss a member of the cabinet. Eaton doesn\'t tell Dilman about it, but a few black congressmen have a meeting with Dilman to discuss their concerns. Dilman believes they are referring to a minority rights bill and pledges his support, until one of the congressmen tells the President it isn\'t about the rights bill but the Watson bill. Dilman subsequently chews out a group of senior leaders whom Eaton is meeting with, questioning his relevance if such an important bill is not even being brought to his attention. Senator Watson visits the South African embassy, where the ambassador comments that his own country would never have a black man as president. He shows a news film to Senator Watson that proves Wheeler was indeed in South Africa, and it breaks as a scandal threatening Dilman\'s young presidency. Dilman\'s activist daughter Wanda clashes with Kay Eaton at a dinner in the White House. The President watches the verbal exchange with pride and bemusement. But when he obtains the young black man\'s confession, handing him over for extradition, the President alienates Wanda, who doesn\'t agree with handing over an activist against white minority rule in South Africa. During this scene there is a very telling moment with Wheeler  calls the President a "House Nigger" and the President responds that "Black men don\'t burn churches and kill 4 children, they don\'t hunt down a Martin Luther King with a telescopic sight. Passion may drive you to the streets to throw a brick but to buy a gun plant a alibi and travel 5000 miles and kill a human being is bloodless, worthy of the selective morality of Adolf Eichman." The President addresses reporters, explaining that while some people think violence is the only answer, he will rely on diplomacy and peaceful means. He washes his hands of the Wheeler issue. A reporter asks if he\'s going to pass up a run for the presidential nomination in the next election. Dilman replies that he is going to "fight like heck" to win the nomination. To the tune of "Hail to the Chief," he is introduced to the party\'s national convention.'] ['Set in Alexandria in 1938, a young British schoolmaster named Darley meets Pursewarden, a British consular officer. Pursewarden introduces him to Justine, the wife of an Egyptian banker. Darley befriends her, and discovers she is involved in a plot against the British, the goal of which is to arm the Jewish underground movement in Palestine. The plot fails, Justine is sent to jail, and Darley returns to England.'] ["Former college classmates Martha Dobie  and Karen Wright  open a private school for girls in New England. Martha's Aunt Lily , an aging actress, lives with the two of them and teaches elocution. After two years of engagement to Joe Cardin , a reputable OB/GYN, Karen finally agrees to set a wedding date. Joe is related to wealthy Amelia Tilford , whose granddaughter Mary  is a student at the school. Mary is a spoiled, conniving child who often bullies her classmates, particularly Rosalie Wells , whom she blackmails when she discovers her stealing another student's bracelet. When Mary is caught in a lie, Karen punishes her by refusing to let her attend the weekend's boat races. Furious, the young girl exacts her revenge by inventing a story about Martha and Karen being involved in a lesbian relationship, a tale based on fragments of a quarrel Mary's roommates accidentally overheard. She tells her grandmother she observed the two women kissing each other, and the woman immediately informs the other parents, who rapidly withdraw their daughters from the school, leaving Karen and Martha mystified about the sudden exodus. When one father finally explains what is happening, Karen angrily confronts Mrs. Tilford, together with Joe and Martha. Mary repeats her story and coerces Rosalie into corroborating the lie. The two women sue Mrs. Tilford for libel and slander but lose their case. When the story is circulated by the local media, the reputation of the two teachers is destroyed. Only Joe keeps in contact with them, and he offers to take them away and start a new life. However, his trust in Karen is shaken, and he asks her if the rumors are true. In the ensuing quarrel, Karen ends their engagement, claiming she needs time to think everything over. When Martha learns about the break-up, she confesses she had always felt more than friendship for Karen and, upon hearing the false accusation, had finally realized the extent of her hitherto-repressed feelings. Upon this new acknowledgment of her feelings, she breaks down, blaming herself for ruining both of the women's lives. Rosalie's mother  discovers a cache of stolen items, including the bracelet Mary used to blackmail her, among her daughter's belongings, and the two girls are questioned. Mrs. Tilford learns that the story was a fabrication and visits the two teachers. She apologizes for her actions and assures them if the court case is reopened, they not only will be cleared of all charges but will be well-compensated for the trouble she caused. Feeling the damage to their lives cannot be undone, Karen refuses to accept the apology. Afterwards, she briefly talks to Martha about their future, and suggests going somewhere far away to start a new life together. Martha tells Karen she would rather talk about it in the morning and Karen leaves the house to take a walk. In her absence, Martha hangs herself. At her funeral, Karen walks away alone, while Joe watches her from the distance."] ['{{Plot}} In the small town of Pontypool, Ontario, former shock jock turned radio announcer Grant Mazzy drives through a blizzard on his way to work. When poor visibility forces him to stop his car, an underdressed woman appears on the road, startling him. Grant calls out to her, but she disappears into the storm, ominously repeating his words and visibly disturbing him. Grant eventually arrives at the radio station, where he works with technical assistant Laurel-Ann Drummond and station manager Sydney Briar. As the morning proceeds, Grant\'s on-air persona irritates Sydney. They get a report from their helicopter reporter Ken Loney  about a possible riot at the office of Doctor Mendez. He describes a scene of chaos and carnage that results in numerous deaths. After Ken is unexpectedly cut off, the group tries to confirm his report, but their witnesses are disconnected before they can put them on the airwaves. Ken calls back and reports that he has found the "infected" son of a well-known citizen nearby, mumbling to himself. Before Ken can hear what the son is saying, the call is again cut off, this time by a startling transmission of garbled French. The transmission is an instruction to remain indoors, not to use terms of endearment, phrases that conflict, or the English language. Pontypool is declared to be under quarantine. Ken then manages to call back, this time close enough for Grant and the women to hear the infected son\'s mumbling, which is nothing but "Mommy" in a child\'s voice. In confusion and disbelief, Grant tries to leave the station, but a horde of people attack, and Grant, Sydney, and Laurel-Ann lock themselves in. Meanwhile, Laurel-Ann begins demonstrating erratic behavior. She fixates on the word "miss," repeating it over and over, then imitates the sound of a boiling kettle. Dr. Mendez enters the studio and Grant, Sydney, and Mendez lock themselves in Grant\'s soundproof booth. Mendez explains his theory: somehow a virus has found its way into human language, infecting certain words, and only certain words infect certain people. Once these infected words are said and understood, the virus takes hold of the host. As he explains, Laurel-Ann repeatedly slams against the sound booth\'s window, chewing off her lower lip and splattering blood with each attack. Ken calls in again and, while on the air, he also succumbs to the apparent virus, repeating the word "sample." Soon, Dr. Mendez begins to repeat the word "breathe" but immediately begins speaking in Armenian, which stifles, but not eliminates, the symptoms. Outside the booth, Laurel-Ann opens her mouth and vomits a large amount of blood and gore before falling down, dead. Mendez suspects this has happened since Laurel-Ann failed to pass the infection on to a new host. The horde then breaks into the radio station, attacking the sound booth. Sydney records a loop of Grant saying "Sydney Briar is alive" and plays it over the station\'s outdoor loudspeaker as a diversion to lead the mob away. Mendez surmises that it is only the English language that was affected by the virus. Grant and Sydney, speaking in French, leave him alone in the booth. They are nearly killed when the recording fails and the mob returns, but Mendez successfully lures them away from the studio. Feeling guilty for killing an infected young girl, Sydney begins to succumb to the word "kill". Grant then attempts to "disinfect" Sydney by convincing her that the word "kill" now means "kiss". He urges her to repeat "Kill is kiss" over and over again, and her symptoms subside. She tells Grant to "kill" her--he then proceeds to kiss her. Armed with knowledge on how to stop the virus, the pair go on the air, spouting a series of non-contradicting and confusing phrases to help their infected listeners, ignoring warnings from the authorities who are trying to get them off the air. While an amplified voice from outside counts down from ten, Sydney joins Grant in the booth and they kiss once again. As the countdown finishes, the screen goes dark and the credits roll. Audio vox pops and broadcasts play over the credits, reporting further outbreaks of the virus, suggesting that the quarantine failed. A BBC radio news anchor, speaking over the credits, begins to repeat his words. After the credits, the scene shifts to a radically different view: a stylized black-and-white version of Grant and Sydney in what looks like a far-eastern atmosphere. As Grant describes his plan to "get out of here", the picture gradually shifts into color.'] ['In the early 1950s, Cuban brothers and musicians Cesar  and Nestor Castillo  flee from Havana, Cuba after getting into a violent dispute with the mobster owners of a club where they performed. Eventually ending up in New York City, the brothers work at menial jobs while attempting to revive their musical careers. At a nightclub where Cesar briefly crashes the act of mambo star Tito Puente, they make new friends and connections, as well as meeting cigarette girl Lanna Lake , who falls quickly into a love affair with Cesar. Nestor, in the meantime, remains oblivious to other women while continually composing his ode to his lost Cuban love, Maria . He writes version after version of the same ballad, "Beautiful Maria of My Soul", until by chance one day he encounters Dolores , a shy but attentive young woman who wishes to become a schoolteacher. When she becomes pregnant, they decide to get married. Fate intervenes one night at a club, where the Castillo brothers have a part-time job. Nestor\'s love ballad captures the interest of one of the customers, who turns out to be the Cuban bandleader and American television star Desi Arnaz . After a pleasant evening in Nestor and Dolores\'s home, Arnaz generously invites the struggling Castillos to sing and act on an episode of his smash sitcom series, I Love Lucy. Fame does not last, however. Nestor is not as ambitious as his brother and desires nothing more than to own his own small club. He is in love with Dolores, but lacks the passion he felt for his beloved Maria back home. Cesar, meantime, suppresses his true feelings, that a woman like Dolores would actually be perfect for him. Cesar eventually reveals to Nestor that Maria left him for a Cuban mobster in exchange for cancelling a contract hit against Nestor. There are tragic consequences one snowy night when the Castillo brothers\' car veers off the road and into a tree. Cesar, in the back seat of the vehicle, is barely hurt, but Nestor, having driven the car, is killed. The life of Cesar, shattered, is never the same. To honor his brother\'s memory, Cesar opens his own small club, which is well received. Dolores pays him a visit and asks him to sing Nestor\'s song for her.'] [' The film starts with spoken exposition over the image of a map that establishes the location of the battle and how the two armies converged at Gettysburg. Confederate General Robert E. Lee and his Army of Northern Virginia are making an offensive through Pennsylvania to lure the Union Army of the Potomac into a decisive battle that will end the war. The narration states that Confederate President Jefferson Davis has prepared a letter of peace to be delivered to the desk of Abraham Lincoln once the Army of the Potomac has been destroyed somewhere outside of Washington. Early scenes depict actor-turned-spy Henry Thomas Harrison spotting Union cavalry. Shortly thereafter, Harrison locates a major body of Union infantry and, immediately, crosses the Confederate picket line in order to notify Lieutenant General James "Pete" Longstreet, the senior lieutenant general in the Confederate Army and second-in-command of the Army of Northern Virginia. Major General J.E.B. Stuart\'s cavalry, the “eyes” of Lee’s army, has gone off on raids without keeping in touch with Lee’s army. Meanwhile, U.S. Brig. Gen. John Buford and his cavalry division arrive at Gettysburg. Buford surmizes that if Lee\'s army is allowed access to the town, the Confederates might easily take a strong defensive position that could destroy the Army of the Potomac. Buford decides to deploy his division along Seminary Ridge in order to obstruct any Confederate advance on Gettysburg from the west. The day ends with Buford writing a letter to Maj. Gen. John Reynolds, commanding officer of the nearby Union I Corps infantry, inquiring if he should hold his position. Meanwhile, miles from Gettysburg, U.S. Colonel Joshua Chamberlain of the 20th Maine regiment is awakened and informed that his unit will be absorbing 120 recalcitrant members of another Maine regiment, the 2nd Maine. Orders state that it is within his power to have the rebellious men shot, if necessary. Chamberlain wins over all but six  of the soldiers with an inspirational speech.  Back in Gettysburg on July 1, the first day of battle, Buford\'s cavalry engages Henry Heth\'s division of A. P. Hill\'s corps; Heth had intended to lead his troops to Gettysburg to restock the Confederacy\'s dwindling shoe supply. Believing the forces at Gettysburg to be local militia, Heth engages Buford without first communicating with General Lee. Buford repels Heth\'s initial attacks, but Heth\'s superior numbers begin to tell. General Reynolds and the I Corps arrive to reinforce the position. Meanwhile Lee arrives on the field but is hesitant to commit the whole of Hill\'s Third Corps due to a lack of intelligence on the Army of the Potomac\'s position, given J.E.B. Stuart\'s lack of contact with the Army of Northern Virginia. Lee\'s only information on the enemy is what has been relayed to him by General Longstreet from Harrison\'s report. Union forces retake Seminary Ridge, but Reynolds, while leading the Iron Brigade into battle, is killed by a Confederate sharpshooter. Soon after Heth informs Lee that Union forces are being flanked by Lt. General Dick Ewell\'s corps advancing on Gettysburg from the north. Recognizing a tactical advantage, Lee gives the order for all forces to attack. Union forces, out-manned and flanked, begin to retreat, but a decisive Confederate victory is compromised when Ewell fails to follow through with orders to take the crucial strategic location of Cemetery Hill, allowing Union troops to rally in a strong defensive position. Confederate General Isaac Trimble, attached to Ewell\'s command, but disgusted by Ewell\'s inability to take the high ground of Cemetery Hill, reports to General Lee. Trimble asks to be removed from Ewell\'s command, but Lee informs the enraged Trimble that such action would not be necessary. At the end of the first day, one of Longstreet\'s division commanders, Maj. Gen. George Pickett, arrives at Longstreet\'s headquarters with his three brigade commanders, Gens. James Kemper, Richard B. Garnett and Lewis Armistead. The four meet with Gen. Longstreet and begin exchanging banter around the fireside with British Colonel Arthur Fremantle, who has been traveling with Lee\'s army as an observer. Armistead discusses with Longstreet his friendship with Union General Winfield Scott Hancock and his desire to meet with him. On the other side of the battlefield, at the center of the Union position south of the town, Hancock congratulates Buford on a hard fight on the first day. Hancock reflects on Reynolds\'s death and Armistead\'s whereabouts, to which Buford responds that Armistead is serving in Pickett\'s division. Hancock states that he would hate to meet Armistead again while still on opposite sides. After a moment of recollection, he again congratulates Buford and instructs him that he should reorganize his cavalry.  On the second day, Lee orders an attack on the Union left flank to be led by two divisions of Longstreet’s First Corps. The primary focus of the attack is to be on the treacherous terrain of Devil\'s Den and Little Round Top. John "Sam" Bell Hood, one of Longstreet\'s division commanders and a close friend tasked with flanking the Union forces, pleads with Longstreet to allow him to bypass Devil\'s Den and Little Round Top in favor of capturing the taller heights of the adjacent Big Round Top. However, Longstreet tells Hood that he has tried to argue much the same plan with Lee and that the commanding general will not accept an attack elsewhere on the field. Meanwhile, Chamberlain and the 20th Maine are deployed on Little Round Top as the furthermost left flank of the entire Federal line. When Devil’s Den falls, there is little to protect Chamberlain’s regiment. Chamberlain and the undersized 20th put up a valiant defense, repelling multiple Confederate charges, but his men become short on ammunition. Chamberlain orders a bayonet charge and the Confederate forces retreat in confusion, many being taken prisoner. Late that afternoon, Longstreet visits a severely wounded Hood in a field hospital. Longstreet informs Hood that they took Devil’s Den, but that they were unable to take Little Round Top. Hood again states that the Rebel attack should have taken Big Round Top. That evening, in Longstreet’s camp, General Armistead, believing he’s soon to see combat gives a package to Longstreet to be delivered to the wife of General Hancock in the event of Armistead\'s death. The package contains his personal Bible. Robert E. Lee meets with J.E.B. Stuart, who had finally returned that afternoon, but not in time to give Lee an advantage. Lee scolds Stuart, who attempts to resign, but Lee denies him and orders him to never leave Lee’s army blind again.  On the third and final day of combat, General Lee believes that the Federal line is weakest in the center and could be divided in two. Longstreet protests, but Lee, now confident that the Army of Northern Virginia is invincible, places Longstreet in charge of a frontal assault on the Union position on Cemetery Ridge with General Pickett’s division forming the center of the assault which would go on to be known as Pickett\'s Charge. Longstreet, not believing the attack will be successful from the beginning, orders for an extended artillery bombardment. However, the Confederates do not realize that their guns are overshooting the Union defenses, and in the process, the bombardment hardly does any damage to the Union center. When the bombardment ends, Pickett’s forces begin their advance. Immediately they fall under fire of the Union’s long-distance artillery. They make it to the Union line where numbers are further decreased by canister and the Union musket fire. Armistead, whose brigade was at the rear of Pickett’s forces, sees General Garnett’s horse riding off away from the line, its rider having been killed by an artillery round. This prompts Armistead to thrust his sword through his hat and rally his fellow Virginians to follow him. His rally is enough to penetrate a low stone wall near the Union line , but his force is too small, and Armistead is mortally wounded. All Confederate forces that broke the line would be killed or captured. General Kemper is wounded and captured, but rescued by Confederate troops. Thomas Chamberlain, Joshua\'s brother, encounters the mortally wounded Armistead, who asks to see his old friend Hancock. Chamberlain informs him that Hancock has been wounded as well. Armistead asks Chamberlain to tell Hancock that he sends his regrets and that he is very sorry. Chamberlain agrees to do this as Armistead begins to expire. Lee rides out to the remains of the retreating Confederate forces and declares that everything is all his fault. He orders a distraught General Pickett to reform his division to prepare for a possible counter attack, to which Pickett informs Lee that he has no division. The day, along with the battle, ends with a victorious North and Lee informing Longstreet of plans to fall back into Virginia beginning the next day, feeling that the Union forces would be unlikely to pursue on Independence Day. However, Lee\'s hypothesis proves false. The film ends with Chamberlain and his brother, Tom, hugging and in tears knowing that they both survived the battle. The last scene in the film shows three zouaves of the 72nd Pennsylvania with the Union flag against the sunset.'] ['Criminal defense attorney Mickey Haller  operates around Los Angeles County out of his black Lincoln Town Car. Haller has spent most of his career defending garden-variety criminals, including a member of a local biker gang, until he lands the case of his career: Louis Roulet , a Beverly Hills playboy and son of real estate mogul Mary Windsor , is accused of the brutal beating of prostitute Reggie Campo. Haller thinks Roulet is innocent, having simply been at the wrong place at the wrong time. Haller and his investigator Frank Levin  analyze the pictures and evidence, notably the injuries the victim sustained. It bears a similarity to a past case of Haller\'s that landed a previous client, Jesus Martinez , in prison for life for murdering a Donna Renteria, despite always proclaiming his innocence. Haller has a daughter with his ex-wife, prosecutor Maggie McPherson , who has never appreciated Haller\'s efforts on behalf of guilty clients. Haller begins to wonder if he should have tried harder on behalf of Martinez instead of convincing him to plead guilty in exchange for avoiding the death penalty. Martinez becomes agitated when Haller visits him at San Quentin and shows him Roulet\'s picture. Haller begins to suspect that Roulet could be the real killer in the Martinez case, but bound by attorney–client confidentiality rules, he cannot tell the police what he has learned. That night, Roulet breaks into Haller\'s house, nonchalantly admits to committing the murder that put Martinez in prison, and makes veiled threats toward Haller\'s family. Levin is shot to death after leaving a voicemail message claiming that he has found Martinez\'s ticket out of jail. The murder weapon used in Levin\'s murder is a .22 caliber pistol. Haller rushes to his home to find his .22 Colt Woodsman is missing from its carrier box. Haller is suspected of killing Levin because the police discover that a Colt Woodsman is registered to Haller. Haller believes it was stolen by Roulet after he broke into Haller\'s home. Obliged to do his best for his client, guilty or not, Haller ruthlessly cross-examines the prostitute and discredits her in the jury\'s eyes. However, Haller sets up a known prison informant with information on the previous murder. When the informant testifies, Haller discredits him and the state later moves to dismiss all charges in the current case. Roulet is set free, but the police then arrests him immediately for the previous murder based upon testimony Haller had coaxed out of the informant. Haller acquires a Smith and Wesson pistol from his driver, Earl , as a precaution against any retribution he may face. Roulet is released due to lack of evidence and sets out immediately to kill Haller\'s wife and child, but Haller finds out in time to get them out of the house. He is waiting as Roulet arrives and Haller draws his gun. Roulet mockingly tells Haller he won\'t be able to guard his family this way every day. Just then, a group of bikers whom Haller has previously represented starts bashing Roulet\'s Maserati and they brutally beat Roulet. As Haller walks away, he says: "The hospital, not the morgue." He gets a call from Maggie that a parking ticket was issued to Roulet near the house of the previous murder victim, strong evidence against Roulet in his pending murder trial that will support Martinez\'s release. Upon arriving home, Haller discovers Roulet\'s mother, Mary Windsor, inside. She shoots him with the Colt Woodsman, the same one that killed Levin, confessing that she committed that murder to protect her son. Haller, wounded, draws the Smith and Wesson pistol that Earl got for him and shoots Mary Windsor, killing her. Upon being discharged from the hospital, Haller learns that Martinez has been released and the District Attorney will seek the death penalty against Roulet. Haller rides off to his next case: the biker gang, which he takes pro bono because of their previous help.'] ["The comic novel by V. S. Naipaul moves between farce and acerbic social commentary on Trinidad, the country of his birth. The characters are mainly members of Trinidad's South Asian community. The protagonist is a frustrated writer of Indian descent  who rises from poverty on the back of his dubious talent as a 'mystic' masseur - a masseur  who can cure illnesses. In the end he become a successful colonial politician ."] ['{{Plot}} Tom Ripley is a young man struggling to make a living in 1950s New York City using his "talents" &mdash; forgery, lying and impersonation. While working at a party, playing the piano in a borrowed Princeton jacket, he is approached by the wealthy shipbuilder Herbert Greenleaf, who believes Ripley to be an actual graduate of the university and a friend of his son, Dickie. Herbert recruits Ripley to travel to Italy to persuade Dickie to return home to the United States, for which he will pay Ripley $1000. Ripley accepts the proposal, though he did not attend Princeton and has never met Dickie. Shortly after his arrival in Italy, Ripley contrives an "accidental" meeting on the beach with Dickie and his girlfriend, Marge Sherwood, and quickly insinuates himself into their lives. On one of their outings together, Dickie and Ripley meet Dickie\'s friend Freddie Miles, who treats Ripley with barely concealed contempt. Things begin to change after a local girl, whom Dickie had made pregnant, drowns herself when he refuses to help her financially. Soon afterward, Dickie begins to tire of his new friend, resenting his constant presence and suffocating dependence, especially after surmising that Ripley has been lying about their days together at Princeton. Ripley\'s own feelings are complicated by his desire to maintain the opulent lifestyle Dickie has afforded him, and by his growing sexual obsession with his new friend. As a gesture to Ripley, Dickie agrees to travel with him on a short holiday to San Remo. The two hire a small boat and head out to sea together. Dickie lashes out when Ripley confronts him about his behavior and his sexual feelings towards him, and a fight ensues in which Ripley strikes Dickie with an oar in a fit of rage. Dickie attacks him, and Ripley beats him to death with the oar. To conceal his crime, he scuttles the boat, with Dickie\'s body still on board, before swimming to shore. When the hotel concierge mistakes him for Dickie, Ripley suddenly realizes he can assume Dickie\'s identity. He forges Dickie\'s signature, modifies his passport, and begins living off his allowance. He uses Dickie\'s typewriter to communicate with Marge and makes her believe that Dickie has deserted her. He even checks into two separate hotels as himself and as Dickie and passes messages between "them" via the hotel staff, thus providing the illusion that Dickie is still alive. Ripley rents an expensive apartment in Rome and spends a lonely Christmas buying expensive presents for himself. Freddie visits what he assumes to be Dickie\'s apartment, and is immediately suspicious of Ripley; the apartment is not furnished in what he considers to be Dickie\'s style, while Ripley appears to have copied Dickie\'s dress and manner perfectly. On his way out, Freddie meets the landlady, who refers to Ripley as "Signor Greenleaf." Freddie, realizing the mystery has been solved, goes back to confront Ripley, who ambushes and then murders him. Over the next few weeks, Ripley\'s existence becomes a "cat-and-mouse" game with the police and Dickie\'s friends. His predicament is complicated by the presence of Meredith Logue, an heiress he met upon his arrival in Italy and to whom he introduced himself as Dickie Greenleaf before he had met Dickie. Ripley forges a suicide note in Dickie\'s name and moves to Venice. In quick succession, Marge, Herbert, and an American private detective, Alvin MacCarron, confront Ripley. Marge, in particular, suspects Ripley\'s involvement in Dickie\'s death; when she expresses her suspicions, Ripley prepares to murder her. He is interrupted when Marge\'s friend, Peter Smith-Kingsley, enters the apartment. The private detective reveals that Mr. Greenleaf has decided to give Ripley a substantial portion of Dickie\'s income, with the understanding that certain sordid details about his son\'s past, such as a vicious assault on a male student at Princeton, Dickie\'s having impregnated the Italian girl, and Dickie\'s having been seen driving off with Freddie on the last night Freddie was seen alive and removing that car\'s license plates  not be revealed to the Italian police. Ripley goes on a cruise with Smith-Kingsley, now his lover, only to discover that Meredith is also on board. Ripley realizes it will be impossible to keep Smith-Kingsley from discovering that he has been passing himself off as Dickie, since Smith-Kingsley and Meredith know each other and would certainly exchange words later on the cruise. He cannot solve this dilemma by murdering Meredith, as she is traveling with family who would quickly notice her disappearance. The film concludes with a sobbing Ripley strangling Smith-Kingsley in the latter\'s bed and going back to his cabin, alone.'] ["Max Dembo , lifelong thief, is released from a six-year stint in prison and forced to report to a boorish and condescending parole officer, Earl . One of the conditions of parole is that Max find a job. At the employment agency, he meets Jenny Mercer , who helps him land scale-wage work at a can factory. Jenny accepts his invitation to dinner, where it's clear that she is smitten by this worldly and seemingly gentle ex-con. Earl pays a surprise visit to Max's room, finding a book of matches that Max's friend Willy  recently used to cook heroin. Although Max clearly has no track marks or other signs of drug abuse, he is handcuffed and dragged back to jail, out of a job and a home. Jenny visits him and gives him her number to call when he gets out. After blood tests prove he's clean, Max is picked up by a smug Earl, who feels he actually gave Max a break by not pursuing the fact that someone had been using drugs in his place of residence, which would result in three more years in prison. During their car ride to a halfway house, Earl pushes Max to name the user. Max, realizing he will never get a break, decides to pummel Earl, take control of his car, and handcuff him to a highway divider fence with his pants around his ankles. This stunt makes a straight life impossible. Max returns to a life of crime, robbing a Korean grocery store and planning bigger heists with some willing old accomplices. After successfully robbing a bank together, Max and his friend Jerry  decide to up the ante and clean out a Beverly Hills jewelry store. The job is botched when Max takes too long in trying to steal everything. Willy, acting as getaway driver, panics and takes off, leaving Max and Jerry to flee on foot as police convene on the store. Jerry is shot and dies, while Max shoots a police officer. Max escapes with the loot, settles the score with Willy by killing him, and escapes L.A. with a loyal Jenny by his side. Outside the city limits, though, Max has second thoughts as to their prospects on the lam. He decides to leave Jenny at a gas station for her own good, telling her he will be caught no matter what as he drives away."] ["Black Beauty  narrates his story. He is born on a farm in the English countryside and remains by his mother's side until he is sent to Birtwick Park to serve Squire Gordon and his family. Lady Gordon, the squire's ill wife, is pleased by the beautiful horse and gives him his trademark name, Black Beauty. Beauty is smitten with the squire's bitter chestnut mare, Ginger, who rebuffs his attempts to be friendly. However, Beauty does befriend Merrylegs, a pony who gives rides to the squire's daughters, Jessica and Molly. On a stormy night, Beauty is pulling a carriage holding the squire and his caretaker, John Manly, home from town, but he refuses to cross a partially flooded bridge that he senses is dangerous. When John tries to get him to move, Beauty refuses. John slips and falls into the river, but hangs onto Beauty's bridle. Beauty and the squire save John, and they head home. Young Joe Green, who works in the stable, looks after Beauty that night. His lack of knowledge about horses causes him to give Beauty cold water instead of covering him in blankets, which makes Beauty ill. John, Joe, and the squire treat Beauty, and he recovers. Lady Gordon's illness gets worse, and she is taken to a doctor in a carriage pulled by Beauty and Ginger. When they stop at an inn for the night, the barn where the horses are staying catches on fire due to a dropped pipe. However, Joe rescues the horses. Lady Gordon's doctor orders her to leave England for a warmer place because her illness is so advanced. The squire and his family bid goodbye to John, Joe, and the horses. Merrylegs is given to the vicar, who promises to never sell the pony. Beauty and Ginger are taken to Earlshall Park, home of the Lord and Lady of Wexmire, and Joe bids a tearful goodbye to Beauty. Beauty and Ginger are paired up to pull Lady Wexmire's carriage, but she demands that the horses wear uncomfortable bearing reins to raise their heads high, which angers Ginger. One day, Ginger breaks away from the carriage in rage. Reuben Smith, the horses' caretaker, rides to town with Beauty to take a carriage to be repainted. He becomes drunk at the tavern and rides Beauty roughly home during the night. Beauty throws a shoe and stumbles to the ground, throwing Reuben off and suffering disfiguring injuries to his knees. Reuben is dismissed from his job, and Beauty is later sold by Lord Wexmire. He is bought by a man who keeps horses for rent but treats them terribly. Beauty is eventually taken to a fair, where he spots Joe, now a grown-up, but Joe doesn't notice him. Beauty's whinnies catch the attention of Jerry Barker, a taxi carriage driver from London, and he buys Beauty for 17 guineas. Jerry introduces Beauty to his family, who name him Black Jack. Beauty likes his job as a taxi cab horse, and Jerry treats him better than his last owner did. One day, Beauty spots Ginger, now a cab horse, but she is very weak from being abused by her owner. Beauty begs for her not to give up, but her owner leads her away. Some time later, Beauty sees her dead body on a wagon. One snowy night, Jerry has a dreadful cough that worsens as he waits outdoors for hours for his passengers to leave a party. His condition then worsens, and a doctor advises him to quit his job and move to the countryside. Beauty is sold to a grain dealer and pulls heavy loads of flour for two years until he collapses from exhaustion. He is taken to a fair to be sold, but he is so weak that no one wants to buy him. Then Farmer Thoroughgood and his grandson spot Beauty, and a young man sees him, too. Beauty realizes that the young man is Joe, and he whinnies for his friend. Joe recognizes him, and the two are reunited. Beauty lives the remainder of his life at Thoroughgood's farm with Joe, who promises that he will never sell Beauty."] ['King of the Gypsies deals with the criminal ways and violent lives of a group of modern-day Gypsies based in New York City. Whilst on his deathbed their "king", Zharko Stepanowicz , passes his position of leadership on to his unwilling grandson, Dave . In spite of Dave\'s reluctance to become the Gypsies\' new leader, Dave\'s father, Groffo , is sufficiently insecure and resentful over not winning the title himself that he attempts to have his own son killed. This leads to a major confrontation, and the film ends with the implication that Dave may finally accept his legacy with his voiceover musings about somehow bringing the rest of the tradition-bound Gypsies forward in time into the world of 20th Century customs and lifestyles.'] ['When an Amacor oil rig in the Gobi Desert of Mongolia proves unproductive, Captain Frank Towns  and crew chief A.J.  are sent to shut the operation down. However, on their way to Beijing, a major dust storm rips apart one of their engines, forcing them to crash land their C-119 Flying Boxcar in an uncharted area of the desert. Their cargo consists of used parts and tools from the rig, the rig\'s crew, and Elliot , a lone drifter. The crash results in Dr. Gerber  and Newman  dying of trauma, and one passenger, Kyle ([[Bob Brown , falls out of the plane to his death when the tail was ripped open. When the storm ends and the dust settles, it becomes apparent that they are 200 miles off course with only one month\'s worth of water available. Jeremy  thinks about leaving, but Rady  explains that the month they\'re in  is the hottest in the Gobi, and that he wouldn\'t be able to make it. In the middle of the night, Davis  goes out to urinate without informing anybody, during which he trips and gets lost in a sandstorm, eventually leading to his death. The group falls into a panic in the morning when they cannot find him, and after a failed search for him, Kelly  gets into an argument with Frank, during which he says that walking out of the desert would fail, and that their only option is to await rescue. The group initially agrees, but after surveying the situation and realizing that their value to Amacor is less than they had originally believed, they reconsider and are pitched a radical idea by Elliot, who claims to be an aeronautical engineer: rebuild the remains of their C-119 into a new, functional aircraft. Frank initially refuses, which causes Liddle  to wander off on his own out of protest. Frank attempts to go in search for him, following the footsteps Liddle left in the sand. He comes across a valley littered with fresh debris. This turns out to be cargo from the aircraft, which had been dropped when the tail was cut open. Among the debris, he discovers the stripped body of Kyle, full of bullet wounds with shell casings clustered on the ground near him. At this point, Liddle appears and explains that someone had already been there and taken the watch that Kyle won from him in a poker match. Liddle says he will only go back with him if they build the plane, and Frank agrees. They struggle for several weeks building the new aircraft, through dust storms, lack of water, and fighting amongst the group. Rady christens it Phoenix after the legendary bird. A problem evolves when a group of smugglers camp nearby; when the survivors attempt to communicate, the bandits kill Rodney , but are killed in a short, fierce skirmish when ambushed by Frank. Later, it is revealed that Elliot\'s aircraft design experience has been restricted to the design of model aircraft, much to the anger of everyone, especially Ian , who almost kills Elliot. However, they eventually are able to construct the new aircraft and take off, barely in time to escape a larger group of bandit attackers seeking revenge for the murdered smugglers. Through a series of photos, we see what became of the crew when they made it back to civilization. All have been revitalized by the experience: Frank and A.J. start their own airline , Sammi and his wife start their own restaurant , Liddle is reunited with his wife and kids, Ian becomes a professional golfer, Kelly is working at an ocean oil rig, and Elliot wears a flight suit on a Flight International magazine cover with the headline: "NASA\'s New Hope?"'] ['Thomas Jerome Newton  is a humanoid alien who comes to Earth from a distant planet on a mission to bring water back to his home planet,{{cite news}} Newton uses the advanced technology of his home planet to patent many inventions on Earth, and acquires incredible wealth as the head of a technology-based conglomerate, World Enterprises Corporation, aided by leading patent attorney Oliver V. Farnsworth . His wealth is needed to construct his own space vehicle with the intention of shipping water back to his planet. While revisiting New Mexico, he meets Mary-Lou , a lonely, unloved, and simple girl who works as a maid, bell-hop, and elevator operator in a small hotel; he tells her he is English. Mary-Lou introduces Newton to many customs of Earth, including church-going, alcohol, and sex. Newton and she live together, eventually in a house Newton has had built near where he initially landed in New Mexico. Meanwhile Dr. Nathan Bryce , a former womanizer and college professor, has landed a job as a fuel technician with World Enterprises and slowly becomes Newton\'s confidante. Bryce senses Newton\'s alien-ness and arranges a meeting with Newton at his home where he\'s hidden a special X-ray camera. When he steals a picture of Newton with the camera, it reveals Newton\'s alien physiology. Newton\'s appetite for alcohol and television  become crippling and the two fight. Realizing that Bryce has learnt his secret, Newton reveals his alien form to Mary-Lou, and her resulting reaction is one of pure shock and horror. He leaves her. Newton completes the spaceship and attempts to take it on its maiden voyage amid intense press exposure. However, just before his scheduled take-off, he is seized and detained, apparently by the government and a rival company; his business partner, Farnsworth, is murdered. The government, which has apparently been told by Bryce that Newton is an alien, holds him captive in a locked luxury apartment, constructed deep within a hotel. During his stay, they keep him sedated with alcohol  and continuously subject him to rigorous medical tests — notably one involving X-rays which causes the contact lenses he wears as part of his human disguise to permanently affix themselves to his eyes. Toward the end of his years of captivity, he is visited again by Mary-Lou, who is now much older and whose looks have been ravaged by alcohol and time. They have violent sex and occupy their time drinking and playing table tennis, but finally each declares they no longer love the other. She leaves him. Eventually Newton discovers that his "prison," now derelict, is unlocked, and he escapes. Throughout the film are brief sequences of his wife and children back on his home planet, slowly dying, and by the end of the film they are dead and Newton is stuck on Earth, broken, alcoholic, and alone. He creates a recording with alien messages, which he hopes will be broadcast via radio to his home planet. Bryce, who has since married Mary-Lou, buys a copy of the album and meets Newton at an outside restaurant in town. Newton is still rich and young looking despite the passage of many years. However, Newton has also fallen into depression and alcoholism and the film ends with an inebriated Newton passing out in his cafe chair.'] ['Teen actress Morgan Carter ([[JoJo  is a Hollywood princess, until the day that her hard-partying ways get the best of her. After she collapses outside of a Hollywood nightclub, Morgan\'s mother  sends her to live in the wilds of Fort Wayne, Indiana, with her Aunt Trudy . Morgan is camouflaged into Claudia Miller and given a new hairstyle, and suddenly, Morgan, albeit unwillingly, blends in with her peers who don\'t own televisions or read magazines. With a new appearance and deprived comforts  Morgan enters a suburban high school with a bad attitude. At first she didn\'t fit in with anyone, until she meets "cute guy" Eli and they became friends. Eli introduces Claudia to his sister and her friends. Morgan takes a liking to Emily, Eli\'s sister, and they become good friends. Emily invites Morgan to a sleepover where Debbie, who likes Eli, tells her to stay away from him. Morgan is upset so she leaves early, without telling Emily. When she gets home she drinks a bottle of vodka that she found in the cupboard. The next day when Eli comes over to tutor Morgan and she, wanting desperately to capture Eli\'s attention, makes up a story about her father, borrowing a plot from one of her movies. Eli is worried, as Morgan drastically exaggerated and added several negative details about her supposed "father", telling Morgan to alert him if he shows up. Eli asks Morgan on a date  to the fair and she happily accepts. Morgan\'s best friend from when she was in Hollywood, Marissa, comes to visit her in Indiana, where they go to a club. Morgan goes to the fair with Eli and Morgan begins liking him more. Everything was going great until Debbie tries to blackmail Morgan. The paparazzi finds out where she is and leak the story so she sneaks to Eli\'s house to apologize for lying, both about her father and about not being Claudia. Eli is upset at the deception, but in the end he forgives her and they drive away on his motorcycle.'] ['Angel Deverell  is considered an outsider in the town of Norley. She has a fanciful imagination and prefers to be alone, writing. Her mother, a shopkeeper, and her aunt, who works for the family that lives in the grand house called Paradise, don\'t understand her. She finishes writing her novel, "Lady Irinia," and sends it off. Theo Gilbright  offers to publish her novel, but he requires that she make some changes. Angel refuses and leaves in tears. Theo comes after her and offers to publish the novel as is. That evening, they dine at Theo\'s house, where Theo\'s wife, Hermione , takes an immediate dislike to Angel. Angel becomes a success, publishing several novels. At an event, she meets Nora ([[Lucy Russell , who is a great admirer of Angel, and her brother, Esmé , an artist. Angel buys Paradise and hires Nora as her personal secretary. She marries Esmé. The Great War breaks out. Esmé enlists and Angel is heartbroken.'] ["For the Northern Cheyenne tribe of Lame Deer, Montana, the American Dream has taken a grim detour. Buddy Red Bow , a quick-tempered activist, is battling greedy developers who send fast-talking, slick Sandy Youngblood to the reservation to try to persuade the council to vote in favor of a strip-mining contract. Philbert Bono  is a serene hulk of a man guided by sacred visions. He desperately wants to find his medicine, tokens from the spirits, and starts his journey to become a warrior by trading some marijuana, booze, and a few bucks for his 'war pony' – a rusted out, beat up 1964 Buick Wildcat he names 'Protector.' Meanwhile, Buddy's estranged sister, Bonnie, is arrested in Santa Fe, New Mexico and Buddy is the only family member who can help her and her children, Jane and Sky Red Bow. Buddy does not own a car, so he is forced to make the journey with Philbert. They set out on their road trip, and Philbert's easygoing ways and insistence on frequent stops to pray and eat prove irritating at first to Buddy, but the men reach an understanding as the trip wears on. When they finally reach Santa Fe, they meet up with Bonnie's friend, Rabbit  who is also trying to get Bonnie out of jail. Buddy and Philbert end up taking more than just a trip from Lame Deer to Santa Fe, finding themselves on a journey with many unexpected twists, turns, and stops. Together, they face the realities and dreams of being Cheyenne in the modern-day United States as they travel down the Powwow Highway."] ['The film opens during Spring Break on the Upper East Side. White Mike , once a wealthy, carefree teenager, now struggles to scrape out a living as a pot dealer, dealing to his former classmates. His mother died from breast cancer a year prior to the events of the film, her treatment having completely consumed his family\'s wealth, and left a deep emotional trauma on Mike. Mike\'s good friend, Molly Norton , a sweet girl from the poorer side of town, doesn\'t know he is a drug dealer. Mike\'s supplier, Lionel , also deals the addictive drug cocktail "Twelve" to Mike\'s cousin, Charlie . Charlie attempts to mug Lionel one night, as he is unable to pay for the drug. Lionel turns the gun on Charlie, shooting him at point blank range, before finding and executing Nana , an innocent observer, returning home after a basketball game at the Harlem Recreation Center. Mike and Charlie\'s good friend, Hunter , another resident of the wealthy Upper East Side, set on attending Harvard, who had played basketball with—-and got in a fight with—-Nana earlier that evening, is taken into custody for the murders. He visits Harlem regularly because he detests the high society of his classmates. Several of the other young residents of the wealthy Manhattan scene are introduced at a party as customers of White Mike, including Tobias , a male model, and several others, all of whom know the attractive and popular Sara Ludlow . The party is held at the home of Yvette Vasquez & Chris Kenton , a hopeless nerd, but the host of the party, which he threw in order to boost his popularity. At the party, Sara\'s friend Jessica Brayson  tries Twelve for the first time, leading to an addiction over the course of the film. During the party, Chris\'s older brother, Claude , a sociopath and weapon collector, returns home after breaking out of rehab, much to the dismay of their mother. She realizes he is there while Chris is videoconferencing with her, and threatens to call the police. Chris tries to mediate and asks her to talk with Claude. She says she will speak to him but disconnects--with a swallow of pills--when Chris leaves the room. Sara\'s birthday is coming up just before the end of spring break, and she easily manipulates Chris into throwing a huge birthday bash for her, hinting that she will compensate him with sex--something she has no intention of doing. She and her friends Shelly  and Gabby  spend the next few days inviting everyone they know in order to make Sara\'s birthday "famous." Meanwhile, Jessica has run out of money as well as Twelve, but asks Lionel  to stop by Sara\'s party, anyways, so she can buy more Twelve. Tobias accidentally meets Molly during a drug deal with Mike, and invites her to Sara\'s party. Mike sees him from across the street and phones him to pick up the weed he had wanted. With Tobias gone, Mike meets with Molly, where she tells him about the male model who she allowed to flatter her and who also invited her to a party tonight. They relax over hot chocolate until she suggests visiting him at his job that evening; Mike closes up and dashes off after only a few minutes of talk. Molly is disappointed and decides to go to the party Tobias invited her to. As the party begins, Claude locks himself in his room, practicing with his weapons, as the noise grows louder downstairs. Tobias disappears into one bedroom with a girl. Lionel arrives, but is infuriated that Jessica does not have the money she promised. Since she has no money, she first offers him a blowjob, to which he responds that it must be "one expensive blowjob." Tearfully, she offers to have sex with him, revealing furthermore that she is a virgin. Lionel agrees and they head inside. Tobias heads back into a bedroom with a different girl. Mike\'s father calls him to deliver the news that Charlie is dead, his body finally having been identified. Mike tries to call Molly, who doesn\'t answer her phone. He goes to the party to locate her, but is stopped by several drunk party-goers. He accidentally enters the wrong room, only to find Jessica and Lionel having sex. Lionel, startled, pulls out a gun, which Mike recognizes as Charlie\'s. As he begins to accuse Lionel of the murder, Lionel shoots him, causing Claude to pull out his weapons and begin shooting up the party. Tobias is shot in the eye and Lionel is shot and killed, along with Sara and Timmy . Timmy was with Mark Rothko  as they frequently tried to buy pot from White Mike. Teenagers rush out of the party, but many others are shot and killed. Claude calls out for Chris who is hiding in the kitchen crying, when he hears police sirens. Claude hears them too and runs outside to die in a suicide by cop fashion. As she lays dying, Sara\'s last thought is how this will now make her famous. As Mike wakes up in the hospital, Molly reprimands him, having finally found out about his drug-dealing livelihood and the power he holds over the people he deals to. He wants to call her when he is sent home, but she says not to; not until he is done with this life. As the film closes, Mike visits Nana\'s mother, and together they connect over their shared grief--Mike, finally coming to terms with the loss of his mother, and Nana\'s mother , coping with the loss of her son.'] ['Sam Alden is the 17-year-old high school star player in baseball who seems to have it all. However, his family notices that he is often bothered with fits of coughing. Worried, his parents decide to take him to the hospital, where they are shocked to find out that he has a life threatening heart disease. Sam has trouble dealing with his illness, but he pretends to still be a joyful teenager to not have his parents worrying even more than they already do. His health is detoriating, though, and it is eventually revealed that he needs a heart transplantation if he wants to survive. This is the beginning of a long and a both mental and physical exhausting journey including countless operations, tests, applies for donors. Even before the final operation, Sam is forced to deal with several setbacks in his life.'] ['Eric Stoner, nicknamed "The Kid," is an up-and-coming poker player. He hears that Lancey Howard, a long-time master of the game nicknamed "The Man," is in town, and decides to take him on. The Kid\'s friend Shooter cautions him, reminding the Kid how he thought he was the best five-card stud player in the world, until Howard "gutted" him when they played. Howard arrives in town and arranges a game with William Jefferson Slade and secures Shooter\'s services as dealer. Howard takes Slade for $6,000 over a 30-hour game, angering Slade and wounding his pride. That night at Slade\'s home, Slade tries to bribe Shooter into cheating in the Kid\'s favor, as a big game involving the Kid and Howard has been arranged. When Shooter declines, Slade calls in markers worth $12,000 he holds on Shooter, and blackmails him by threatening to reveal damaging information about his wife, Melba. When Shooter asks him why he wants him to cheat, Slade tells him that he wants to see Howard gutted the way Howard gutted him. Shooter agonizes over his choice, having spent the last 25 years building a reputation for integrity. With Stoner\'s girl Christian visiting her parents, Melba tries to seduce the Kid. Out of respect for Shooter he rebuffs her, and spends the day before the big game with Christian. The big game starts with six players, including Howard, the Kid and Shooter playing as he deals. In the first big confrontation between Stoner and Howard, Stoner is short $2,000 and Slade steps in to stake him. Several hours later, Howard busts one player, perhaps with a bluff, and the remaining players take a break. Following the break Lady Fingers, who\'s been delighting in needling Howard all evening, takes over as dealer and continues to needle him. As the game wears on, Shooter only deals the game, and then after another hand when Howard outplays them, two more players drop out, leaving just Howard and the Kid, who after a few unlikely wins catches on to Shooter\'s cheating. The Kid calls for a break and confronts Shooter, who brags about his skills as a mechanic but admits to being forced into cheating by Slade. The Kid insists he can win on his own and tells Shooter to deal straight or he\'ll blow the whistle, destroying Shooter\'s reputation. Before the game resumes, Melba tries again to seduce the Kid and succeeds, though Christian makes a surprise visit to the room, catches them after the fact and walks out on the Kid. After another break in the game, Slade tells the Kid that Shooter will continue to cheat in his favor. Despite Slade\'s threats, the Kid tells him he won\'t allow Shooter to cheat, insisting he\'ll beat Howard without help. Back at the game, the Kid maneuvers to have Shooter replaced by Lady Fingers, and wins several major pots from Howard, who is visibly losing confidence.  With Lady Fingers dealing, the Kid is on the button. She deals Howard the Q♦ and the Kid the 10♠. The Kid bets $1,000 and Howard raises $1,000. The Kid calls. Lady Fingers deals Howard the 9♦; The Kid gets the A♠. The Kid checks. The Man bets $1,000. The Kid raises $3,500 and is all in. Howard reaches into his wallet and raises another $5,000. The Man agrees to take his marker and the Kid calls the bet. Howard turns over the A♥, to show his bad beat with a full house, Aces full of tens. Following the game, a gutted Kid leaves the hotel and loses a penny pitch to a shoe shine boy he\'d beaten in the same contest at the film\'s opening. Around the corner, he runs into Christian and they embrace.  In some cuts, the film ends with a freeze-frame on Steve McQueen\'s face following his penny-pitching loss. Turner Classic Movies and the DVD feature the ending with Christian. Jewison wanted to end the film with the freeze-frame but was overruled by the producer.<ref nameBBC4 | title Channel4.com | url 102072&section2007-07-30}}'] ['In 1960s Dublin, Kate Brady, a young rural girl, takes a room with her friend, Baba Brennan. She becomes involved with a much older man, a writer named Eugene Gaillard, who eyes her and ignores her more worldly roommate.'] ['The film is an adaptation of poet and memoirist Jim Carroll\'s  juvenile diaries chronichling his kaleidoscopic free-fall into the harrowing world of drug addiction. As a member of a seemingly unbeatable high school basketball squad, Jim\'s life centers around the basketball court and the court becomes a metaphor for the world in his mind. A best friend who is dying of leukemia, a coach  who takes unacceptable liberties with the boys on his team, teenage sexual angst, and an appetite for heroin all begin to encroach on young Jim\'s dream of becoming a basketball star. Soon, the dark streets of New York become a refuge from his mother\'s mounting concern for her son. He cannot go home and his only escape from the reality of the streets is heroin for which he steals, robs and prostitutes himself. Only with the help of Reggie, an older neighborhood friend with whom Jim "picked up a game" now and then, is he able to begin the long journey back to sanity, which ultimately ends with Jim\'s incarceration in a state penitentiary. After months in the hospital, he gets out and later does a talk show about his drug life, but before that he turned down free drugs given to him by his old friend, Pedro. The film is set in the early 90s, while Carroll\'s actual book recounts experiences from growing up in the 60s. Jim started out as a practice basketball player, and moved on to writing his Basketball Diaries.'] ["Waterland follows the story of a mentally anguished high school history teacher  going through a complete reassessment of his life. His method for reassessing his life is to narrate it to his class and interweave in it three generations of his family's history. The movie portrays the teacher's narrative in the form of flashbacks to tell the story of a teenage boy and his mentally challenged older brother living on the fens of England with their widowed father. The entire movie is motivated by an opening scene in which the history teacher's barren wife  steals a child from a supermarket and believes it to be hers. The teacher explains to his class how he and his wife carried out a teenage romance which led to a disastrous abortion that mutilated the girl's womb and left her infertile. The teacher is tortured by the guilt of this act as well as the jealousy he demonstrated to his older brother when he suspected his girlfriend's child was that of his brother. The girlfriend's flirtation with the older brother sets off events that lead to the older brother's suicide by drowning. A side-theme throughout the narration is of the teacher's grandfather, who was a successful brewer and who fathered with his daughter the narrator's older brother, thus accounting for the older brother's genetic difficulties. The movie ends with the teacher's dismissal from his school and a possible renewal of his relationship with his wife."] ['The film begins with Sarah Cain , a successful columnist at the fictional Portland Times in Portland, Oregon. Her daily column has been rejected by her boss Bill  who claims that she once wrote about her life and is now writing cheesy columns. She is furious and heads to a restaurant where she meets with her boyfriend Bryan . Sarah\'s phone rings: It is Lyddie, Sarah\'s niece. Sarah\'s older sister, Ivy, has just died of heart failure. Sarah hurries to Lancaster County, Pennsylvania for the funeral. Her sister was a member of an Amish community, and Sarah had never forgiven Ivy for leaving her alone in an orphanage. As the sole surviving relative, the court appoints Sarah as the legal guardian for the five children. 16-year-old Lyddie  and other members of the Amish community protest because they do not want an outsider to raise the children. Lyddie and another Amish member, Miriam , convince Sarah to stay the night. While there, knowing that her deadline is coming up for her column, Sarah writes about her day\'s events and sends them to Bill as a last resort. The next day at the hearing, Sarah receives a surprising e-mail about her piece: The readers loved it and want more. Sarah takes the children back to Portland. Lyddie stays at home and does the daily chores. Despite being labeled as a freak at school Caleb  makes it on the wrestling team; after a bad first day Anna Mae  gains attention after borrowing Sarah\'s clothing to fit in. Josiah  hates it there. Only Hannah  is accepted on her first day in kindergarten class. Bill likes the attention that the articles about the Amish children have produced, but Sarah rejects further offers of having the column being about them. Meanwhile, Madison , Sarah\'s rival at the same paper, gets wind of where the children attend school and a news team shows up during one of Caleb\'s wrestling matches. Later that night Sarah admits to the kids that the situation has spun out of control. As Sarah is leaving the community, the children rush to catch up with her. Sarah stops and Lyddie hands her a letter that Ivy had written which contains her last wishes. It is only then that the truth is revealed: Ivy wanted Sarah to have the kids as an apology for breaking her heart, saying that they would be "blessings to [her] as they were to me". Sarah immediately changes her mind and finally decides to stay at the community with her nieces and nephews. The ending shows Sarah writing a book titled My Redemption. Bryan comes over to visit before a business meeting and brings her a piece of her favorite cheesecake as the scene fades.'] ['William Lee is an exterminator who finds that his wife Joan is stealing his insecticide  to use as a drug. When Lee is arrested by the police, he begins hallucinating because of "bug powder" exposure. He believes he is a secret agent whose controller  assigns him the mission of killing Joan, who is an agent of an organization called Interzone Incorporated. Lee dismisses the bug and its instructions and kills it. He returns home to find Joan sleeping with Hank, one of his writer friends. Shortly afterwards, he accidentally kills her while attempting to shoot a drinking glass off of her head in imitation of William Tell. Having inadvertently accomplished his "mission", Lee flees to Interzone. He spends his time writing reports for his imaginary handler, and it is these documents which, at the insistence of his literary colleagues, eventually become the titular book. Whilst Lee is under the influence of assorted mind-altering substances, his typewriter, a Clark Nova, becomes a giant talking insect which tells him to find Dr. Benway, by seducing Joan Frost, who is a doppelgänger of his dead wife. After coming to the conclusion that Dr. Benway is, in fact, the secret mastermind of a narcotics operation for a drug called "black meat" which is supposedly derived from the guts of giant centipedes, Lee completes his report and flees Interzone to Annexia with Joan Frost. Stopped by the Annexian border patrol and instructed to prove that he is a writer as he claims, Lee produces a pen. As this is insufficient proof for passage he inexplicably offers a demonstration of his William Tell routine using a glass atop Joan Frost\'s head. He again misses badly and thus re-enacts the earlier killing of his wife. He is then allowed to enter Annexia.'] ['The story opens with Ben Mears  attacking the priest Donald Callahan  in a homeless shelter. They fall together from a high window into the street. In the hospital, Ben Mears tells his story and the reasons behind his fight with the priest to an orderly. This takes the form of a flashback in which the miniseries\' central plot unfolds. In the flashback, Ben, a successful writer, returns to his hometown, Jerusalem\'s Lot , intending to write a novel while he deals with the demons of his past. He tells Susan Norton , that as a child he accepted a dare to enter the house of Hubie Marsden. Local legend said that there was something wrong with the house and/or its owner, suggesting that he tortured and murdered children. That night in the house, Ben overheard something horrible — including Hubie begging for his life before committing suicide. Ben believes that he also heard Hubie Marsden\'s last victim crying for help, but Ben was too afraid to find or help him and fled. Ben plans to rent and investigate the house to bring catharsis to himself and to gather material for his novel, but he discovers that the owner, Larry Crockett , has sold it to a pair of antique dealers, Richard Straker  and Kurt Barlow . Shortly thereafter, the dark secrets of the town\'s residents begin to emerge. Crockett is sexually abusing his daughter Ruthie . When she spends time with a cripple named Dud  whom Crockett employs, Crockett fires him. Evie , who runs the boarding house where Ben stays, played evil games with Hughie Marsden when they were teenagers. The school bus driver is a bully who loves to torment the children he transports, forcing those he doesn\'t like to walk home. These painful revelations increase in frequency and magnitude up until the arrival of the mysterious Barlow. Barlow, a master vampire, is influencing some of these occurrences as a prelude to "recruiting" more vampires to serve him. A child vanishes, and his brother then sickens and dies. Laborer Mike Ryerson  buries the boy, then also gets sick and dies. He returns from the grave  to tempt high school teacher Matt Burke , who is rescued but suffers a heart attack. Ben is persuaded by the mounting evidence that the town is plagued by vampirism. He and his allies, Dr. Cody , Father Callahan and Mark Petrie  begin acting as vampire hunters, although they balk upon finding that Susan Norton has become a victim. Ben insists upon targeting Barlow in the hopes that Barlow\'s victims might be restored upon his destruction. The characters face their own psychological demons as the physical demons surround them. Father Callahan, trying to confront Barlow by himself, finds his faith is not strong enough. Callahan is forced to drink Barlow\'s blood, turning Callahan into Barlow\'s servant. Larry Crockett, who invited the vampire into town, sees his daughter willingly join the vampiric Dud in the night. Most of all, Ben still wrestles with his own guilt and personal failures. In the course of the hunt, Cody and Burke are killed, and Crockett, who abandons Ben and Mark to find his daughter, is killed and devoured by Dud and the other vampires instead of being turned into one of them. Mark Petrie and Ben manage to destroy Barlow, but not before he taunts Ben, liking Ben to himself as another parasite who preys on the tragedies of others. Additionally, Ben\'s hypothesis is disproven: though Barlow is destroyed, Susan is still a vampire. She tells him that the boy he failed to rescue all those years ago was already dead when Marsden died, and Ben was never to blame. When Susan turns to attack Mark, Ben is forced to destroy her. In the end, Ben and Mark set the Marston House alight, and during a chase with the school bus driver, who was turned into a vampire by his former charges and bullying victims, a gas station is damaged and goes up in flames. As the fires begin to spread, Callahan screams vows of revenge against Ben as the town\'s now vampirized population flocks to him. As Ben concludes his flashback, the orderly is deeply moved and frightened by the story, then realizes that Ben wasn\'t acting alone. He leaves to look after Father Callahan, but finds him dead, suffocated with a pillow. While he is absent, Mark slips into Ben\'s room to tell him that the hunt is now over, whereupon Ben suffers a cardiac arrest. The orderly returns and corners Mark, but decides to let him go. In his hospital room, Ben passes away, feeling at peace.'] ['The film opens with a battle raging between the Turks and the Poles. The Poles are losing until the Cossacks arrive to save the day. However, it turns out that the Poles were merely holding back so that they could treacherously attack the Cossacks after they won the battle for them. As a result, the Poles become masters of Ukraine and the Cossacks are subjugated. Taras Bulba, one of the Cossack officers, returns home to raise his family but now it is under Polish dominion. Several years later, Taras sends his two sons, Andrei and Ostap  to the academy at Kiev, to obtain a Polish education. There, the eldest son, Andrei, falls in love with a Polish princess Natalia Dubrov , to the ire of the locals, who treat the Cossack brothers like scum of the earth. Ultimately, the brothers are forced to flee Kiev, returning to their father’s house on the Ukrainian steppes. There, word comes that the Poles want the Cossacks to raise an army to help them in a new war with the Turks. When Andrei objects, he is accused of being a coward. This is a serious offense that can only be resolved by a test of courage. Andrei and his accuser ride and jump their horses over a chasm until God chooses which one is right by having the accuser fall to his death. Taras embraces Andrei’s lead and plans to betray the Poles and take back Ukraine. Assuming command of the Cossacks, Taras leads them to Dubno, where the Poles are expecting him to join them. Instead, the Cossacks attack the Polish army and drive it back into the city. The Cossacks then lay siege to the city. Hunger and disease set in and Andrei, fearing for the life of his Polish lover, sneaks into the city in an attempt to rescue her. He is captured and she is condemned to be burned at the stake for the crime of loving a Cossack. To save her, Andrei agrees to lead a raiding party to bring cattle into the starving city. Meanwhile, the Cossacks have grown bored with the inactivity of the siege and a large number of them have departed for home. When the Polish commander realizes the weakness of the Cossacks against the raiding force, he orders his whole army to attack. Taras Bulba encounters his son on the field of battle and kills him for his betrayal before joining the general retreat to the edge of a cliff. There, the Cossacks who left the siege to go home, rejoin the battle and large numbers of men and horses, both Cossack and Polish, are pushed over the edge to their deaths in the river below. The movie ends with the Cossacks victorious and entering Dubno. Andrei is to be buried there, as “it is now a Cossack city” and presumably, the Cossacks will not treat the Poles as badly as they were treated by them.'] ['A hardened Korean and Vietnam War veteran, Sergeant First Class Clell Hazard ([[James Caan  would rather be an instructor at the U.S. Army School of Infantry, at Fort Benning, Georgia, to train soldiers for Vietnam but instead he is assigned by the Army to the 1st battalion 3d Infantry Regiment at Fort Myer, Virginia. The Old Guard is U.S. Army\'s Honor Guard. It provides the ceremonial honor guard for the funerals of fallen soldiers and guards the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington National Cemetery. Hazard calls them the "toy soldiers" and hates his job until Jackie Willow , the son of an old friend and fellow veteran, is assigned to his platoon and he sees an opportunity to make sure at least one man comes home alive. Hazard tries to warn Willow about Vietnam but the young man sees it as his duty as a soldier to fight for his country, no matter what kind of war. Hazard hates how the war in Vietnam is being fought and feels that good soldiers are being wounded and killed in the "wrong" war in which the U.S. is not fighting to win. Among the others in Hazard\'s life are his longtime friend and superior, Sergeant Major "Goody" Nelson . and his girlfriend Samantha Davis , a writer for the Washington Post who is against the Vietnam War for different reasons. Willow marries a Colonel\'s daughter named Rachel Feld . Rachel at first refuses to marry Jackie as long as he is a soldier. Rachel also hates the war in Vietnam and is afraid for her husband. Hazard is divorced and hasn\'t seen his son in years due to the bitter divorce. After Willow\'s father, who is a retired U.S. Army Master Sergeant and a former Korean War comrade in arms of Hazard\'s as well Sgt. Major Nelson\'s, dies of a heart attack, Hazard comes to look upon Willow as a "son." He tries to teach Willow all he can about soldiering and surviving in combat. Willow in turn tries to teach his platoon mate Private Albert Wildman, a chronic screw-up, how to be a soldier. Wildman is later ordered to Vietnam, where he distinguishes himself as a heroic soldier and effective combat infantryman. He returns from Vietnam promoted to the rank of Sergeant and is a recipient of the Medal of Honor for heroism in combat. Sgt. Flanagan , a fellow member of Sgt. Hazard\'s platoon, receives his orders for Vietnam at the same time. Willow excels, is promoted to the rank of Sergeant and then is recommended to attend Officer\'s Candidate School, which he completes and is commissioned as a Second Lieutenant. He is ordered to serve in a combat unit in Vietnam. Willow writes Hazard from Vietnam about all the good men in his platoon that he is losing in combat. Hazard then finds out that Jack Willow has been killed in action when he sees the burial orders for Jackie\'s remains at Arlington National Cemetery while on duty with the "Old Guard" at Fort Meyer. Hazard requests to be sent to Vietnam for his third tour of duty as a platoon sergeant in a combat infantry unit. He places his C.I.B. Combat Infantryman Badge, on Willow\'s flag-draped coffin at the chapel at Arlington National Cemetery. Jackie had aspired to serve in combat and receive his own C.I.B., just like his late father had in Korea. Sergeants Wildman and Flanagan, just recently returned from Vietnam, are also present at Willow\'s funeral. The film ends with military honors being rendered at Willow\'s graveside at Arlington and Hazard speaking to the mourners prior to the firing of the rifle salute and the playing of "Taps".'] ["The story is told through episodes of memories by the woman  while on holiday in Switzerland waiting for her banker husband  to arrive from work. It had been nine years since they have been on holiday, and nine years since she last talked to the man she is in love with . The movie then goes into the past and tells of the love between Mary and Steven. While Mary loves Steven, she refuses to marry him, believing that a marriage of love would be too stifling, while Steven tells her that two people in love should want to 'belong to each other'. Mary insists that she wants only to 'belong to herself' and runs away as Steven tells her that her life would then be 'a failure'. She then marries Howard, who gives her affection, stability and security. When they meet again nine years later on New Year's Eve, Steven is with his-then girlfriend while Mary is with Howard. Howard dryly pretends not to recognize Steven 'So the enemy wouldn't know he was being observed'. Steven later pursues Mary again and almost persuades her to change her mind and leave Howard. While Howard accepts his wife's socialising with Steven, he notices they have forgotten their tickets for the theatre. They then lie to him when he inquires of their evening. In a dramatic scene Steven tells Howard Mary is in love with him and Howard should step aside, while Mary asks him to leave so she can talk things over with Howard. Mary sends Steven a letter, but Steven goes to their residence and demands to see Mary. He sees Howard first, who tells him he knows and understands Mary, while Steven, despite being in love, hardly knows Mary at all. Howard understands that their marriage is not one of love, but one of affection and mutual freedom. Howard is confident that a marriage of love, where partners 'belong' to each other, was not what Mary wants, and all that is needed is for Mary and Steven to stay away from each other. Mary later confirms what Howard said and runs away before Steven can dissuade her. Nine years later Mary and Steven meet again while separately on holiday in the Alps. Howard is again late due to banking work, and Steven has a half a day before returning to London to his work. They take a boat and then a cable car to picnic on a high mountain. They talk of their lives and Steven reveals that he has two children with his wife. Mary asks him if he is happy, and seems happier herself for that, but mixed expressions tell of regrets, as if she wishes herself in his wife's place. When they come down from the mountains, Howard is back and just happens to see them disembarking the boat together. As he goes to the couple's suite, he notices the porter taking Steven's suitcase from the adjoining room. He was filled with suspicion. His pride is further hurt, when he watches Mary wave goodbye enthusiastically to Steven without noticing her husband's return. He storms out when Mary turns, her eyes glistening, and then files for divorce. Mary tries to contact Steven about the divorce, and her lawyer happens to tell him just as Steven's wife goes to see Steven off a train. Steven's family life is plunged into havoc. Mary decides she must see Steven and meeting for the last time, she tells him the divorce was stopped, so he could go back to his wife and lead a happy life. She then goes to see Howard, asking him to stop the divorce by telling him nothing happened in the Swiss hotel and she was innocent of the adjoining room to Steven. Howard then tells her the divorce is not about that. He had not expected love from their marriage, but only affection and some loyalty. Instead he was given 'love for a dog, kindness to a beggar, and the loyalty of a bad servant'. Yelling for Mary to get out, he loses his temper and breaks a vase. He then calms down and retracts what he said, but realizes Mary is gone and had left her handbag. Mary runs from the house and walked through a London Underground station in a trance. Standing on a platform with an incoming train heading West London, she dazedly contemplates the tracks. As the train approaches she draws dangerously close to the platform edge and, just as she is about to leap, something catches her round the waist. It is Howard, who had come after her. He holds her as she shakes and the couple reconcile on the platform."] ["The unexpected death of her husband sends Agnes Browne  and her seven children, aged between 2 and 14, into emotional turmoil and financial crisis in 1967 Dublin. She is forced to borrow money from a ruthless loan shark to make ends meet. She faces her dismal existence by selling fruits and vegetables at an open air market based in Dublin's Moore Street where she spends time with her best friend Marion, who proves to be a great source of encouragement during her difficulties. Wishing to escape her existence, if only for a short time, she dreams of finding enough money to attend an upcoming Tom Jones concert. Agnes's dream is realised when Marion secretly buys two tickets and gives them to her. She also accepts the offer of a date with a French baker. Her kids pool their money and buy her a new dress to wear on her first date. Of course, eventually the family has to face the loan shark."] ["In the play, all the roles are played by prostitutes or their clients, and each actor  plays two roles, one in the brothel and the other in the play. King Herod  begs his young stepdaughter Salome  to dance for him, promising to give her anything she desires, much to the irritation of her mother, Herodias . Salome ignores him, choosing instead to try and seduce John the Baptist, who is Herod's prisoner. John responds by loudly condemning both Herod and Salome in the name of God. A spurned and vengeful Salome then agrees to dance for Herod — on the condition that she be given anything she asks for. Herod agrees, but it is only after the dance is over that Salome asks for the head of John the Baptist on a platter. Herod is appalled, tries to dissuade her, but finally gives in to her request. The scenes from the play are interwoven with images of Wilde's exploits at the brothel."] ["CastProduction notesOctober 2009}} Lana Turner{{Citation needed|dateParish>{{citation}} were both considered for the part of Maggie before the role went to Taylor. Production began on March 12, 1958, and by March 19, Taylor had contracted a virus which kept her off the shoot. On March 21, she canceled plans to fly with her husband Mike Todd to New York, where he was to be honored the following day by the New York Friars' Club. The plane crashed, and all passengers were killed. Beset with grief, Taylor remained off the film until April 14, 1958, at which time she returned to the set in a much thinner and weaker condition.Parish, p. 329 {{Infobox film}} Despite this, the film was highly acclaimed and though it did not win any Academy Awards, it received several nominations including Best Picture, Best Actor , Best Actress , and Best Director . The film also received nominations for Best Cinematography, Color , and Best Writing, Screenplay Based on Material from Another Medium. Burl Ives was nominated for an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor that year, and won, but it was for his role in the epic Western The Big Country. Cat may have been too controversial for the Academy voters; the film won no Oscars, and the Best Picture award went to Gigi that year."] ['{{plot}} The film, set in Japan during the Showa Era, tells the story of Chiyo Sakamoto , a poor, young Japanese girl who has been sold along with her older sister Satsu into a life of servitude by her parents when she is nine years old. Chiyo is taken in by the proprietress of a geisha house, Mother , but Satsu is rejected and is sold to another house in the "pleasure district" of the Hanamachi. At the okiya,  she meets another young girl named "Pumpkin" . Both girls are sent off to geisha school, but Chiyo dishonors the okiya by attempting to run away with her sister. Instead of training to become a geisha, she is given manual labor to do to pay off the debt of her purchase. Chiyo also has numerous unpleasant run-ins with the okiya\'s senior Geisha Hatsumomo  When Chiyo escapes to run away with her sister, she falls off of the rooftop in which she was trying to escape and attracts the attention of several people. Mother found out about Chiyo\'s attempt,and stops all attempts at training Chiyo to become a geisha. Mother discusses the debts Chiyo has amassed and explains that Satsu ran away that night, without waiting for Chiyo. Chiyo never sees Satsu again and Mother tells her to forget that she ever had a sister, explaining, \'We are your only family now.\' Mother then places a package on her stomach, which contains a letter  reporting the death of her mother, and then, a few weeks after, her father. Chiyo feels she cannot sink lower. Her escapades have caused her to be taken out of geisha training and worked as a slave to pay off her debts. One day while crying in the street, the young Chiyo is noticed by the Chairman  and his geisha companions. He then buys her an iced sorbet  and gives her his handkerchief with some money in it. Inspired by his act of kindness, Chiyo resolves to become a geisha so that she may one day become a part of the Chairman’s life. She spends the money, not on food, but on prayer, wishing to see him again. Chiyo, now a young woman, is taken under the wing of Mameha , one of Kyoto\'s most successful geisha. Under Mameha\'s tutelage, Chiyo becomes a maiko  and then takes the name of Sayuri, the most famous geisha in all of Gion, Kyoto. Hatsumomo becomes Sayuri\'s rival and seeks to destroy her. Through her work as a geisha, Sayuri reunites with the Chairman and longs to catch his attention, but instead has to lead on the Chairman\'s friend and business partner Nobu, who falls fast for her. Sayuri grows in popularity and Hatsumomo spreads lies and rumors to ruin Sayuri\'s reputation. Meanwhile, Mameha starts a bidding war for Sayuri\'s mizuage, which will make her a full geisha. Sayuri gets named the lead dancer for the Spring Dances, where she dances wonderfully and catches the attention of bidders, including the Baron , who invites Sayuri to his house for a party, gives her a kimono then, as he finds her so beautiful and believes he deserves a look, forcefully strips her. After the party Mameha hears what happened and believes that the Baron took Sayuri\'s virginity, and claims that Sayuri\'s bids may not come through if she is found to be "worthless." Sayuri cries and tells Mameha that nothing happened and she is not worthless. That night the bid is finally placed by an elderly doctor known as Doctor Crab, for 15,000 yen—the highest mizuage bid in history. Mother then chooses to "adopt" Sayuri as the heiress of the okiya, a title that Pumpkin and Hatsumomo had been longing for. Mameha tells Sayuri later that the bid was down to two people, Dr. Crab and the Baron, but Mameha let it go to Dr. Crab because of her feelings for the Baron, despite his bid being even higher. When returning home, Sayuri finds Hatsumomo in her room, who found the Chairman\'s handkerchief and attempts to burn it, but unsuccessfully. Sayuri and Hatsumomo fight and accidentally start a fire, and finally to her breaking point, Hatsumomo purposely begins to burn the rest of the house and then leaves, knowing she has reached the bottom. Sayuri\'s prosperous life is then cut short by the outbreak of World War II and while the safety of Sayuri and Mameha is ensured by the Chairman, they must endure a life of hard labor. Sayuri and Mameha are separated, with Sayuri going to the hills to work for a kimono maker. After the war, Sayuri is reunited with Mameha, and they become geisha once more to impress an American Colonel that is going into business with Nobu and the Chairman. Sayuri meets back up with Pumpkin who is now a risqué, flirty escort/prostitute  and goes on a trip with Nobu, the Chairman, Pumpkin and the Americans to the Amami Islands. There, the Colonel attempts to "hire" Sayuri for "services", but is rejected. Nobu saw the incident and confronts Sayuri  finally confessing his feelings and that he wants to be her danna. Sayuri is distraught and devises a plan to humiliate herself with the Colonel in front of Nobu. She arranges for Pumpkin to bring Nobu by an abandoned theater at a predetermined time, and "stumble" upon Sayuri and the Colonel making love. But, because of her secret resentment of Sayuri for being adopted by Mother, Pumpkin brings the Chairman instead, claiming to Sayuri, "Now you know how it feels", Sayuri believes that the Chairman is lost to her forever. A few days later Sayuri discards the Chairman\'s handkerchief by throwing it off a cliff above the sea, and later receives a call to go to the teahouse. While waiting, Sayuri expects Nobu to arrive, but instead the Chairman comes where he finally reveals to her that he knows she is Chiyo by saying, "Don\'t be afraid to look at me, Chiyo." He tells her that he was responsible for sending Mameha to her so that she could fulfill her dreams of becoming a geisha. Sayuri finally reveals her love to the Chairman, which she has been harbouring for over fifteen years. The film ends with their loving embrace and kiss and a stroll through a beautiful Japanese garden with waterfalls and rocks.'] ["While vacationing in Monte Carlo in 1927, Maxim de Winter meets the young and somewhat naive British companion of Mrs. Van Hopper, a typical Ugly American whose bout of influenza frees the girl - who, as in the original novel, is never identified by name - to spend time with the wealthy widower. When Mrs. Van Hopper announces plans to return to New York City, Max proposes to the girl and brings her to his Cornwall coast estate known as Manderley. There a large household staff is supervised by Mrs Danvers, who was devoted to Max's first wife Rebecca, the victim of a sailing accident some ten months before, whose battered body was discovered forty miles up the coast and identified by her distraught husband. The new Mrs de Winter feels overwhelmed by the vast manor, and Mrs Danvers does nothing to put her at ease, although she finds a friend in Frank Crawley, who oversees the estate. The young bride's discomfort with her new lifestyle isn't helped by the fact the memory of Rebecca has a strong hold on Mandereley and all of its inhabitants and visitors. Lacking self-confidence, she commits one faux pas after another until she is convinced Max is still deeply in love with his seemingly perfect first wife and regrets his impetuous decision to marry his second one. She is also curious about a cottage on the beach and Ben, a dimwitted scavenger who constantly assures her he has said nothing and begs her not to commit him to the asylum, references the girl doesn't understand. Max's sister Beatrice and brother-in-law Giles convince him to revive his custom of hosting an annual costume ball at the estate. Mrs Danvers suggests Mrs de Winter replicate a dress worn by a family ancestor in a portrait hanging in the gallery. The girl complies, unaware the same costume was worn by Rebecca to much acclaim shortly before her death the previous year. When Max sees her descend the staircase just before the arrival of their guests, he furiously demands she change into a different dress. In the early morning hours after the ball, Mrs Danvers openly displays her contempt for the second Mrs de Winter by taking her on a tour of Rebecca's bedroom, which she has maintained as a shrine. Showing the young girl Rebecca's wardrobe and luxurious possessions, she tells her she will never be worthy of replacing her former mistress, and she encourages her to commit suicide by jumping out the window to the stone patio far below. Her manipulations are interrupted by a distress signal from a ship that has run onto the reef just off the coast. Divers hired to investigate damage to the hull of the ship discover the remains of Rebecca's boat with a body in the locked cabin. When it is raised, the body is identified as that of Rebecca by her jewelry and dress, and it is discovered that holes had been drilled deliberately in the bottom, causing it to sink. Max confesses to his bride he strangled Rebecca in the beach cottage when she taunted him with the news that she was pregnant and that the child wasn't his. He locked her body in the cabin of her boat, sailed it offshore, drove holes into its planks, and then escaped in the dinghy, and when a body washed ashore up the coast, he intentionally misidentified it. He confesses he never loved Rebecca, revealing she was a vile woman who made a mockery of their marriage by consorting with numerous men of low character in a flat she kept in London and the cottage she maintained on the beach specifically for her many trysts. A subsequent inquest concludes with a verdict of suicide, but Rebecca's cousin Jack Favell is unconvinced. He has a note from Rebecca urging him to join her at the beach cottage on the night she died because she had something important to tell him. Jack reveals he was Rebecca's lover and suspects she was pregnant with his child, a fact uncovered by Max, prompting him to kill her. He attempts to blackmail Max, who refuses his demands. A notation in Rebecca's appointment book leads them to a doctor she visited on the day she died. He reveals that Rebecca was riddled with cancer and had only months to live, thus supporting the verdict of suicide. Max realizes she intentionally misled him into believing she was expecting another man's child in order to spur him to kill her in a murderous rage. Upon returning to Manderley, Max and his wife discover the estate is in flames, the fire set by a vengeful and despairing Mrs Danvers. Max races upstairs to rescue the woman from Rebecca's bedroom. Though he manages to make it to the bedroom and retrieve Mrs Danvers, he stumbles on the way back down; Mrs Danvers' fate is unclear. In an epilogue set ten years later, we learn that Max walks with a limp and is scarred slightly as a result of his heroic action. Having lost Manderley and choosing not to rebuild it, Mr and Mrs de Winter now live a quiet life in a small hotel, seemingly free of Rebecca's hold."] ['Cedric Errol is a poor American boy who finds that he is the sole heir to a wealthy British earldom and thus becomes Lord Fauntleroy.'] ['Under the watchful eyes of Father Silvano Bentivoglio and Dr. Vittoria Vetra, the European Organization for Nuclear Research  initiates the Large Hadron Collider and creates three vials of antimatter particles larger than any that have ever been produced before. Immediately afterward, Father Silvano is killed and one of the vials of antimatter goes missing. Meanwhile, the Roman Catholic Church mourns the sudden death of the Pope in Rome and prepares for the papal conclave to elect the next Pope while Camerlengo Patrick McKenna assumes temporary control of the Vatican. The Illuminati kidnap the \'preferiti\'  before the conclave enters seclusion and threaten to kill one candidate every hour and destroy the Vatican at midnight, using the missing vial of antimatter as a bomb. The Vatican summons symbologist Robert Langdon from Harvard University and Vittoria from CERN to help them save the four preferiti and locate the bomb. Langdon listens to the Illuminati message and deduces that the four cardinals will die at the four altars of the "Path of Illumination," marked by statues of angels in locations relevant to the four classical elements. Over Richter\'s objections, but with McKenna\'s consent, Langdon is granted access to the Vatican Secret Archives to examine Galileo Galilei\'s banned book, and following clues with Vittoria, Inspector General Ernesto Olivetti, and Lieutenant Valenti of the Vatican Gendarmerie Corps, arrive at Chigi Chapel in the Church of Santa Maria del Popolo. There they find Cardinal Ebner dead, suffocated with soil and branded with an ambigrammatic word "Earth". They verify the second altar\'s location is Saint Peter\'s Square, but are unable to save Cardinal Lamassé, his lungs punctured and his body branded with an ambigrammatic word, "Air". While Vetra studies Silvano\'s diaries, Langdon and the Vatican officers locate the third church, Santa Maria della Vittoria, but are unable to save Cardinal Guidera from being burned to death. His body is branded with an ambigrammatic word, "Fire". The assassin appears and brutally kills everyone except Langdon, who escapes. Langdon and two Carabinieri officers race to the Water altar, the Fountain of the Four Rivers, where the assassin murders the officers and drops a bound and weighted Cardinal Baggia into the fountain. Langdon, assisted by bystanders, saves the cardinal, who tells him the Illuminati\'s lair is Castel Sant\'Angelo. There Langdon and Vetra discover a hidden passageway leading to the Vatican, being used as a hideout for the assassin. Discovering a case with marks for five branding irons, they realize the fifth brand is for the camerlengo, but are confronted by the assassin before they can alert McKenna. The assassin spares their lives, then cryptically warns them that his contractors were "men of God". He escapes, but is killed when his car explodes. Inside the Vatican, Langdon and Vetra find Commander Richter hovering over McKenna with a gun, the Vatican symbol branded into McKenna\'s chest. Richter is shot by the Guards, and Langdon takes a key that slips from Richter\'s hand. The stolen antimatter vial is found in St. Peter\'s Tomb below the church, but the battery life is too low to risk re-connecting it to a battery. McKenna, a former military pilot, seizes the vial and uses an awaiting helicopter to fly above the Vatican. At a high altitude, he parachutes out as the antimatter bomb explodes overhead. McKenna is hailed a hero and savior, and the cardinals move to elect him pope. Langdon and Vetra use Richter\'s key to watch a security video showing McKenna speaking to Richter before the attack, the video revealing McKenna, not the Illuminati, is the mastermind behind the scheme, intending to use the fear of the incident to be named pope and rally the church\'s followers to his side. This is shown to the Papal conclave, and when McKenna discovers he has been exposed he fatally sets himself on fire. The Vatican officially announces that McKenna died due to internal injuries suffered during his parachute landing, and Cardinal Baggia is named Pope Luke I, with Cardinal Strauss as the new camerlengo. Strauss thanks Langdon for his assistance and gives Langdon Galileo\'s "Diagramma Veritas" for his research, requesting only that Langdon\'s will contain a bequest that it be returned to the Vatican, and that any future references he makes to the Catholic Church in his future publications are done "gently". The movie closes with the newly enthroned pope stepping out on his balcony for the first time, to the cheers of the crowd below.'] ["Tom and Joe are disillusioned New York cops who decide to pull off one big robbery in their uniforms and retire on the proceeds. Bearer bonds are what the local Mafia boss will buy, so that's what they go for. Central Park is the location for the switch. Can they come out of it with their lives and the money?"] ['Alexandra Medford , Jane Spofford , and Sukie Ridgemont  are three dissatisfied women living in the picturesque town of Eastwick, New England. Alexandra is a sculptress and single mother of one daughter; Jane is a newly divorced music teacher incapable of having children; and Sukie is an extremely fertile woman with six daughters, who also works as a journalist at the "\'Eastwick Word." Besides an everlasting friendship, these three women also share the similar misfortune of being abandoned by their husbands. Unaware that they are witches, the women unwittingly form a coven where they have weekly get-togethers and share their fantasies about ideal men. The day after one such gathering, a mysterious man  arrives in the town and immediately stirs up trouble by buying the town\'s landmark property - the Lennox Mansion. The arrival of this enigmatic stranger causes fascination among the townsfolk, all except local townswoman Felicia Alden , the Christian wife of newspaper editor, Clyde Alden . Clyde is also Sukie\'s boss, whom Felicia dislikes. Although Felicia is not a witch, she is somehow able to sense that this man  is up to no good. One night, at one of Jane\'s music recitals, the strange man appears and makes a spectacle of himself, which leads to more gossip among the people. After the recital, Jane receives a bouquet of flowers with the initial "D" written on it. This sparks Sukie\'s memory, finally revealing the man\'s name as Daryl Van Horne. However, as chaos over Daryl\'s name spreads throughout the crowd, Sukie’s beaded necklace inexplicably breaks and falls to the floor, causing Felicia  to trip down a large staircase and break her leg. The following day, as Daryl sets out to seduce the women one by one, he begins with the self-assured Alexandra, who is at first appalled by Daryl\'s arrogance, but later falls in love with him. The next morning, Daryl visits Jane, who is considered very insecure and shy. As the two sit down and share polite conversations, Jane explains to Daryl how the Lennox Mansion was built on the same location where alleged witches were burned at the stake. Later that night, Daryl encourages Jane to stop living a life of doubt and learn to enjoy herself by living recklessly. Taking his advice to heart, Jane begins living carelessly by letting her hair down and indulging in alcohol, drugs, and sex. The following week, Daryl invites all three of the women over to his mansion, which finally allows him to set his sights on Sukie. Later, as envy and rivalry emerge among the women, they inadvertently cause a tennis ball to levitate. Finally aware of their magical abilities, the women agree to share Daryl, spending more and more time with him at his palace. Later, as the women continue their presence at Daryl\'s mansion, Felicia begins spreading rumors about the three women\'s indecency. Alexandra, Jane, and Sukie become social outcasts within the town. As the witches begin to question their loyalty to Daryl, the diabolical tycoon kills Felicia by causing the girls to unknowingly cast a spell against her. Later that night, as Felicia rants to her husband about Daryl being the Devil, she begins to gradually vomit cherry stones. Because he cannot bear to watch his wife\'s illness progress, Clyde beats Felicia with a fire poker, killing her instantly. Following the death of Felicia, the three women become frightful of their powers and agree not to see or speak to each other or Daryl for a long period of time. Meanwhile, upset with the witches for abandoning him, Daryl uses his own powers against the girls by bringing their worst fears to life. Alexandra awakens to a bed full of snakes; Jane transforms into an old hag; and Sukie is forced to feel excruciating pain. Realizing the only way to be rid of Daryl is by using witchcraft against him, the girls reunite in order to seduce, and ultimately kill, Daryl Van Horne. The next morning, as Daryl sets out to town, the women perform a banishing spell on him. Sukie rushes to Daryl\'s office, removing a grimoire entitled "Maleficio"; Jane gathers some of Daryl\'s personal belongings ; and Alex creates a voodoo doll in his image out of wax. Once the spell begins to take effect, Daryl races home to punish the girls for their betrayal. Terrified of Daryl\'s dominance over them, the witches toss the voodoo doll into a fire. Daryl vanishes. Eighteen months later, Alexandra, Jane, and Sukie have each borne a son. Although they still possess their magical powers, they avoid using them out of fear of unintentionally resurrecting Daryl. However, as the women now live together in the Lenox Mansion, Daryl often attempts to communicate with his children by appearing on television screens. Concerned about his diabolical intentions, the witches simply avoid Daryl by clicking off the television.'] ["Jake Roedel  and Jack Bull Chiles  are friends in Missouri when the American Civil War breaks out. During the mayhem, Chiles's father is murdered by Kansas Union Jayhawkers. The two men join the First Missouri Irregulars, also known as the Bushwhackers; informal units loyal to Missouri in 1861. They later meet George Clyde  and former slave Daniel Holt ([[Jeffrey Wright , whose freedom Clyde has previously granted. The Bushwhackers battle Jayhawkers using guerrilla warfare tactics while trying to evade capture. The men manage to hide out in a coarsely-built shelter on the property of a pro-Confederacy family, the Evanses. A young widow in the household, Sue Lee Shelley ([[Jewel , becomes romantically involved with Chiles. When Chiles dies of gangrenous wounds received during a skirmish, Roedel escorts Shelley to a refuge dwelling where another pro-Confederate kindred, the Browns family, reside. Following the collapse and destruction of a makeshift prison holding the female relatives of guerrillas, a complementary clan of Bushwhackers led by William Quantrill  plot a revenge attack against the Union and raid Lawrence, Kansas."] ['During World War II, American deserter Learoyd escapes a Japanese firing squad. Hiding himself in the wilds of Borneo, Learoyd is adopted by a head-hunting tribe of Dayaks, who consider him "divine" because of his blue eyes. Before long, Learoyd is the reigning king of the Dayaks. When British soldiers approach him to rejoin the war against the Japanese, Learoyd resists. When his own tribe is threatened by the invaders, however, the "king" deigns to fight for their rights.'] ["Francis Phelan  is a washed-up baseball player who deserted his family back in the 1910s when he accidentally and drunkenly dropped his son and killed him. Since then, Phelan has been a bum, punishing himself. Wandering into Albany, New York, Phelan seeks out his lover and drinking companion, Helen Archer . The two meet up in a mission managed by Reverend Chester , and later in Oscar Reo's  gin mill. Over the next few days, Phelan takes a few minor jobs to support his habit, haunted by visions of his past. A chance for a reconciliation with his wife Annie Phelan  is abandoned when a group of local vigilantes with baseball bats take it upon themselves to drive the homeless out of Albany."] ['Set in the early 1950s in Saigon, Vietnam, during the end of the First Indochina War, on one level The Quiet American is a love story about the triangle that develops between Thomas Fowler, a British journalist in his fifties; a young American idealist, supposedly an aid worker, named Alden Pyle; and Phuong, a Vietnamese girl. On another level it is also about the political turmoil and growing American involvement that led to the Vietnam War. Thomas Fowler , who narrates the story, is involved in the war only as an observer, apart from one crucial instant. Pyle , who represents America and its policies in Vietnam, is an OSS  operative sent to steer the war according to America’s interests, and is passionately devoted to the ideas of York Harding, an American foreign policy theorist who said that what Vietnam needed was a "third player" to take the place of both the colonialists and the Vietnamese rebels and restore order. This third player was plainly meant to be America, and so Pyle sets about creating a "Third Force" against the Viet Minh by using a Vietnamese splinter group headed by corrupt militia leader General Thé . His arming of Thé\'s militia with American weaponry leads to a series of terrorist bombings in Saigon. These bombings, dishonestly blamed on the Communists in order to further American outrage, kill a number of innocent people, including women and children. Meanwhile, Pyle has stolen Fowler\'s Vietnamese mistress Phuong , promising her marriage and security. When Fowler finds out about Pyle\'s involvement in the bombings, he takes one definitive action to seal all of their fates. He indirectly agrees to let his assistant, Hinh , and his Communist cohorts confront Pyle; when Pyle tries to flee, Hinh fatally stabs him. Phuong subsequently returns to Fowler, and while the local French police commander  suspects Fowler\'s role in Pyle\'s murder, he has no evidence and does not pursue the matter.'] ['Mary Reilly is a lonely servant in the home of Dr. Henry Jekyll, devoted to her position and her master. Slowly, a gradual friendship between Mary and the doctor begins as well as a growing attraction. However, the household is thrown into turmoil when the master announces he will be getting an assistant. The staff speculate on his employment, as he is never fully seen and remains a mystery. Mary delivers Jekyll\'s breakfast. One day he asks of her scars. She later explains about her abusive father, and how he tortured her with rats when she was young. Jekyll asks a favor of her, to deliver a letter. It is to a Mrs. Farraday, who is the madam of a whorehouse. The madam agrees to accommodate the doctor\'s assistant in one of her apartments. Mary\'s curiosity about the assistant causes her to follow him secretly into the doctor\'s lab one night, where she witnesses him handing over a cheque for blood money. When she sees him returning, she hides in the lab as the exit door appears to be locked. She is terrified as Hyde discovers her hiding place, but he just throws her a key. The next morning, she finds Jekyll in the yard with a sprained ankle so she helps him back to his room. He asks her more questions about her father. Early the next morning, Jekyll wakes her and asks her to deliver another letter to Mrs. Farraday. When she arrives at the brothel, the madam is furious. She shows Mary the room that has been let to Hyde and it is covered in blood. Mary returns with a blood stained handkerchief of Jekyll\'s with a message that Farraday will do what is necessary to conceal the bloody event. While cleaning the library, Mary finally meets the handsome and enigmatic Edward Hyde. Although initially repelled, Mary soon finds herself drawn towards his passionate nature. He teases her about her father. The next day, when delivering Jekyll\'s breakfast, she is cross with him for breaking her confidence. He apologizes for his assistant, and he asks her to accompany Hyde on an errand. They visit the slaughterhouse yard where there is blood and entrails everywhere. When they return with the organs that the doctor requires for his research, Hyde again torments Mary, asking if she is aware of how much Jekyll longs to touch her. He instructs her to fetch tea, but on the way she answers the door to Mrs. Farraday, who insists on seeing Jekyll, and so Mary takes her through to the lab. Jekyll is there, but not at all pleased to see Farraday. She demands more money for her continued silence. Mary leaves them alone, but while she is out watering the garden, she notices the lights in the lab go out. Investigating, she discovers nothing but a small pool of blood on the theater table. Mary did not see Hyde, who is hidden, and after having killed Mrs Farraday, is joking with her head. While cleaning in Jekyll\'s study, Hyde again corners her, but apologizes for his earlier rudeness. He then crushes a tea cup, cutting his hand quite badly. When asked later by Poole about the broken crockery, she confesses, taking all the blame. The next time she delivers the doctor\'s breakfast, he said he knows she lied, as he knows that it was not her fault. She receives a letter later, informing her that her mother has died. When she went to her mother\'s dwelling to visit the body, the landlord says he has sold her belongings in order to recoup outstanding rent. Mary states she wants to give her mother a proper burial and goes out into the fog to find a funeral parlor. She is grabbed in an alley by Hyde who is being chased by mounted police. He hides behind her as they rush by. He thanks her for being in the right place at the right time, kisses her, then leaves. When she returns to the house, she is greeted by a policeman who shows her into the dining room where she is questioned by a detective in connection to the murder of Jekyll\'s school friend, Sir Danvers Carew, a Member of Parliament. He asks if she has seen Hyde in the last 24 hours, to which she lies and says no. When she meets Jekyll later, he said she should not have risked so much and lied for Hyde. Danvers may have been "corrupt and frivolous," the doctor says, but he never deserved to be murdered. He said he has given Hyde money to disappear. Mary buries her mother, but as she leaves the cemetery she is confronted by her father who pleads with her to meet with him occasionally, claiming that he is terminally ill. Crying, she refuses and leaves him behind. When delivering the usual breakfast, she is surprised to discover Hyde in the doctor\'s bed. She tries to get away to raise the alarm, but he stops her. Hyde then reveals to her his true nature. He explains that the doctor injects himself with a serum, a cure for his depression, and that Hyde is the resulting cure. He in turn injects the \'antidote\' to resume being Jekyll. He said that he now has the ability to appear without the aid of Jekyll\'s serum. Hyde, then, takes her into Jekyll\'s room and tries to persuade her to have sex with him. Shocked, Mary wishes to leave. He releases her, and she joins her colleagues in the kitchen. They are interrupted by Jekyll who orders Poole to take a sample of a potion to the chemists and ask them to analyze it. He is to wait until they are successful as this is a matter of life and death. Mary realises that Jekyll is talking about the antidote. She helps him back to the lab and asks if what Hyde told her is true. He is surprised she had not guessed. Unfortunately, Poole returns unsuccessfully. Mary packs her things to leave, but on her way out, she decides to visit the lab. Hyde is there and grabs her, smashing bottles all around. He holds a knife to her throat but something prevents him from killing her. Hyde says that he always knew that Mary "would be the death of us." He injects himself with the antidote, and Mary is forced to witness the horrific transformation between one man to the other. Jekyll reveals that Hyde has mixed a poison with the antidote. Mary asks if this is some form of revenge against Jekyll, but he insists that is a release. He then dies in Mary\'s arms.'] ["Connery's character Anthony Richmond schemes to get the fortune of his tyrannical, wheelchair-using tycoon uncle Charles Richmond  by persuading Maria, a nurse he employs , to marry him. After his uncle's demise Anthony becomes a murder suspect. Lollobrigida's character is the Woman of Straw of the title."] ['The film tells of Oliver Barrett IV, who comes from a family of wealthy and well-respected Harvard University graduates. At Radcliffe library, the Harvard student meets and falls in love with Jennifer Cavalleri, a working-class, quick-witted Radcliffe College student. Upon graduation from college, the two decide to marry against the wishes of Oliver\'s father, who thereupon severs ties with his son. Without his father\'s financial support, the couple struggles to pay Oliver\'s way through Harvard Law School with Jenny working as a private school teacher. They rent the top floor of a house near the Law School at 119 Oxford Street, in the Agassiz neighborhood of Cambridge adjacent to a local laundromat. Graduating third in his class at Harvard Law, Oliver takes a position at a respectable New York law firm. With Oliver\'s new income, the pair of 24-year-olds decide to have a child. After failing, they consult a medical specialist, who after repeated tests, informs Oliver that Jenny is ill and will soon die. While this is not stated explicitly, she appears to have leukemia. As instructed by his doctor, Oliver attempts to live a "normal life" without telling Jenny of her condition. Jenny nevertheless discovers her ailment after confronting her doctor about her recent illness. With their days together numbered, Jenny begins costly cancer therapy, and Oliver soon becomes unable to afford the multiplying hospital expenses. Desperate, he seeks financial relief from his father. When the senior Barrett asks if he needs the money because he got some girl "in trouble," Oliver says yes instead of telling his father the truth about Jenny\'s condition. From her hospital bed, Jenny speaks with her father about funeral arrangements, then asks for Oliver. She tells him to avoid blaming himself, and asks him to embrace her tightly before she dies. They lie together on the hospital bed. As a grief-stricken Oliver leaves the hospital, he is met by his father who now wants to apologize for the way he treated his son. Oliver replies that "Love means never having to say you\'re sorry" and cries.'] ["A prologue introduces us to Dr. Austin Sloper , a New York City doctor and resident of a large house on Washington Square whose wife dies in childbirth, leaving a daughter, Catherine , to be raised by her father. As a child, Catherine is overweight, clumsy, and untalented; however, she is also a sweet, affectionate child. She adores her father and tries hard to please him, but he considers her a disappointment and treats her with ironic condescension. His thoughts are still much occupied with his beloved wife and with a promising son who died before Catherine was born, and he privately &ndash; but bitterly &ndash; resents his only surviving child for causing his wife's death. Sloper invites Catherine's widowed aunt, the incurably foolish Lavinia Penniman , to live at Washington Square as a chaperone for Catherine. Catherine becomes a plain young woman who is painfully shy and inept in the social graces expected of someone of her class, despite her aunt's best efforts to instill them. Apart from her sweet nature, Catherine possesses only one obvious attraction: money. She earns $10,000 annually from her mother's estate, and will inherit considerably more when her father dies. At a party celebrating her cousin Marian Almond's  engagement, Catherine is introduced to a handsome, charming young man named Morris Townsend . He is attentive, respectful, and &ndash; to Catherine's obvious astonishment &ndash; clearly interested in her. He begins paying regular calls at Washington Square. Before long, the susceptible Catherine falls headlong in love with him. Sloper, however, suspects Townsend of being a fortune hunter, with no intention of pursuing a career. Aunt Lavinia loves melodrama and gets a vicarious thrill from Townsend's attentions; and so, contrary to Sloper's wishes, she does all she can to encourage the relationship, even meeting Townsend secretly to collude with him. The central conflict emerges when Townsend proposes marriage and Sloper refuses to give his consent, telling Catherine he will disinherit her if she marries without it. Catherine doesn't care about the money, but disobeying her father is another matter. She dutifully accompanies him on a Grand Tour of Europe, during which he exhorts her to give Townsend up; she refuses, and a frustrated Sloper speaks to her with such contempt that she finally admits to herself that he despises her. The realization pains her deeply, but also strengthens her resolve to separate herself from him and bestow all her love and loyalty on Townsend. Catherine comes home, determined to marry. When she and Morris are reunited, she convinces him that her father will never relent. Shortly afterward, he backs out of the relationship. When Catherine tearfully confronts him, he admits his mercenary motives outright and leaves her. Years pass. Catherine has refused at least one respectable offer of marriage. When her father's health fails, she nurses him through his last illness. During his final days, he asks her to promise never to marry Morris Townsend. With quiet dignity, she replies that while she seldom thinks of Townsend, she can't make such a promise. Sloper misunderstands her and alters his will, adding a codicil deploring his daughter's ongoing interest in unscrupulous young men and leaving most of his $300,000 fortune to charity. Catherine is left with only the house and the income from her mother. She isn't offended by the codicil; in fact, at the reading of the will, she laughs. Some time later, Townsend reappears at her doorstep. Catherine, who is now running a daycare center in her house, dismisses a roomful of children, then talks to him briefly. She isn't angry, but she has no interest in renewing their relationship, and tells him so, quietly and firmly. He departs, leaving Catherine to reflect on the passion she once experienced."] ["Mark Salzman always was interested in Kung-Fu and the Chinese culture, claims to have seen every Kung-Fu movie. 1982, with a degree in Chinese literature, he visits a province university in China for two years to teach Chinese teachers the English language. He learns the refinements of correct behavior among Chinese people, makes friends with his pupils, falls in love with the young doctor Ming, learns Uschu  from the famous teacher Pan... but also learns about political repression, especially when he's forbidden contact with some of his friends."] ['In 1941, Private Robert E. Lee Prewitt , a bugler, is transferred from the Bugle Corps at Fort Shafter  to a rifle outfit, Company "G," at Schofield Barracks on the island of Oahu. When Captain Dana "Dynamite" Holmes  learns of his reputation as a talented boxer, he recommends that Prewitt join the regimental boxing club that he heads, and promises that Prewitt will be promoted to corporal or even sergeant, if he helps win the boxing trophy on December 15, but Prewitt refuses, though he keeps silent about his reasons. Holmes retaliates by making army life as miserable as possible for Prewitt, hoping he will give in. Unable to break Prewitt\'s spirit, Holmes orders First Sergeant Milton Warden  to prepare court martial papers. Warden, however, knowing of Holmes\' treatment and realizing Prewitt is a career soldier, suggests that he try to entice Prewitt to change his mind by doubling up on company punishment. The other non-commissioned officers assist in the conspiracy. Prewitt is supported only by his friend, Private Angelo Maggio .  Meanwhile, Warden begins an affair with Holmes\' neglected wife Karen . Sergeant Maylon Stark  has told Warden that Karen had many affairs at Fort Bliss, including with him. As their relationship develops, Warden asks Karen about her numerous affairs to test her sincerity with him. Karen relates that Holmes has been unfaithful to her most of their marriage. She miscarried one night when Holmes came back from one affair drunk, and unable to assist her to the hospital, resulting in her not being able to bear any more children. She then affirms her genuine love for Warden. Prewitt and Maggio spend their liberty time at the New Congress Club, a gentlemen\'s club where Prewitt meets and falls for Lorene . Prewitt confides to Lorene the reason he refuses to box for the company is that he blinded Dixie Wells, a close friend while sparring. Maggio encounters Sergeant Judson  at the club. When Maggio complains that Judson\'s piano playing is interfering with his dancing, the two nearly come to blows. Maggio is told that Judson is the Sergeant of the Guard at the stockade. Later, at a tavern called "Choy\'s," located near the base, Judson sees Maggio holding a photograph of his family. Judson makes a rude comment to Prewitt about Maggio\'s sister causing Maggio to smash a bar stool over Judson\'s head. Judson pulls a switchblade on Maggio, but Warden, sitting in a corner, intervenes to save Maggio by telling Judson that killing Maggio would "create two weeks of paperwork" for him. When Judson advances on Warden with the knife, Warden breaks a beer bottle in two and uses the jagged edge as a weapon. Judson retreats, throws down his knife and goes to the bar for a drink. Warden states, "As soldiers, he would prefer two Camp Fire Girls over Judson and Maggio." However, Judson warns Maggio , that sooner or later Maggio would end up in the stockade and he would be there waiting for him. Karen tells Warden that if he became an officer, she could divorce Holmes and they could return to the States and marry. Warden is not keen on the idea because of his dislike of officers, but agrees to consider the matter. Prewitt manages a weekend pass, courtesy of Warden, and goes to meet Lorene who is too busy at the club to talk. However, she meets him later at a bar for a drink. He tells Lorene he loves the Army, and shows Lorene his prized possession, a bugle mouthpiece. Prew tells her the honor of his lifetime, being selected to play Taps at Arlington National Cemetery on Armistice Day with the President in attendance. Maggio then walks in drunk and in uniform, explaining that he was assigned to guard duty that night, but deserted his post. Lorene encourages Prewitt to take Maggio back to the base. While Prewitt is calling for a cab, Military Police arrive and arrest Maggio, and he is sentenced to six months in the stockade. Matters come to a head for Prewitt when Sergeant Galovitch picks a fight with Prewitt while on yard detail, and the two come to blows. At first, Galovitch repeatedly pummels Prewitt, who initially refuses to fight back, and then resorts to using only body blows. But as Galovitch and others watching continue taunting him, Prewitt\'s fighting side re-emerges, and Prewitt comes close to knocking Galovitch out before Holmes  finally steps in and stops the fight. When Galovitch falsely accuses Prewitt of insubordination, Holmes is about to punish Prewitt again until the man in charge of the detail says that it was Galovitch, not Prewitt, who was spoiling for the fight. But instead of punishing Galovitch, Holmes abruptly lets him off the hook and disperses the crowd. The entire incident is witnessed by the base commander, who orders an investigation by the Inspector General. When Holmes\' true intentions are revealed to the commander, he orders a court-martial. When Holmes begs for an alternative, the commander\'s aide suggests that Holmes resign his commission "for the good of the service" and leave the Army, which the general accepts with dispatch. Holmes\' replacement, Captain Ross, verbally reprimands the others involved, and then orders Sergeant Galovitch\'s demotion to private and put in charge of the latrine. Maggio manages to escape from the stockade and find Prewitt and dies in his arms after telling of the abuse he suffered from Judson in the stockade. The following night Prewitt plays taps as tears stream down his cheeks. Seeking revenge, Prewitt tracks down Judson in town and invites him into a back alley to talk, then attacks him using the very same switchblade Judson had pulled on Maggio earlier. Prewitt kills Judson, but not before sustaining a serious stomach wound. Prewitt runs from the alley and goes into hiding at Lorene\'s apartment. Despite Prewitt\'s AWOL status, his platoon sergeant carries him "present" for three days at Warden\'s direction. Lorene, whose real name is Alma, tends to Prewitt\'s wounds. When the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor, Prewitt, still weak from his unhealed wound, finds out about the attack, and attempts to return to camp under cover of darkness, but is shot dead by a sentry. Warden identifies the body, laments Prewitt\'s stubbornness and states the irony that because of the attack, the boxing tournament is cancelled. However, he tells the other soldiers that Prewitt was in the end, a good soldier, and that he "loved the army more that any man I know." Holmes\' resignation results in Karen having to return to the States with him. When she finds out that Warden failed to apply for officer status, she realizes they will never be together. At the end, Lorene and Karen meet on a ship leaving for the mainland. Karen then tosses two leis into the water. She tells Alma, "There\'s a legend: if they float to shore, you\'ll return to Hawaii. If they float out to sea, you\'ll never return." Alma says she will never return, telling Karen that her fiancé was an Army Air Corps pilot killed in a B-17 during the attack, "he was awarded the Silver Star, they sent it to his mother. She wrote me. She wanted me to have it. They are very fine people, Southern people. He was named after a general. Robert E. Lee... Prewitt." Karen recognizes Prewitt\'s name from conversations with Warden. Lorene holds Prewitt\'s treasured bugle mouth piece.'] ['The film recounts the life of an alcoholic New York writer, Don Birnam, over the last half of a six year period, and in particular on a weekend alcoholic binge. A shot of the Manhattan skyline to an apartment, with a whiskey bottle hung outside a window by a thin rope. Don and his brother Wick are packing for a weekend vacation. Wick believes that Don, a recovering alcoholic, has been on the wagon for ten days. After Don\'s girlfriend Helen St. James arrives to wish them bon voyage, she lets it slip that she has two tickets to a Barbirolli concert, but is going alone. Don urges his brother to go with her and says they\'ll take a later train for their weekend trip. Wick, having disposed of his brother\'s hidden supply of drink, becomes suspicious of why he is being hustled out. Don angrily demands time to gather his thoughts alone. Wick reluctantly agrees to go and reassures Helen he has found Don\'s hidden supply of alcohol and points out Don is broke. After they leave, Don frantically tries to find alcohol he has hidden. The cleaning lady arrives for work, but Don cons her out of her wages and sends her away. Don takes the money he swindled to Nat\'s Bar on Third Avenue, based on the legendary P. J. Clarke\'s, and gets drunk, missing the train he is meant to catch. Wick, effectively rejecting his brother, intends to leave without him, though Helen is wary of leaving Don alone for four days. She is very busy with her work at Time magazine. As Wick is leaving the building, he urges Helen to give herself a chance by dropping Don. Helen waits. Don sneaks into his apartment to avoid her so he can drink. He quickly hides the cheap whiskey he has bought, in addition to the many drinks at the bar. The following morning he finds a message from Helen pinned to his front door, urging him to call her. Later at the bar, owner Nat voices his distaste for how Don treats Helen and another girl who hangs out at the bar. Don recounts to Nat how he met Helen three years earlier at the Metropolitan Opera after a matinee performance of La Traviata. As he is checking his coat, he slides a pint of rye in his raincoat pocket. During the performance, he becomes aggitated during "Libiamo ne\' lieti calici", the "drinking song" in the first act. He cannot think of anything but the alcohol in the hands of the players and the bottle of rye in his pocket. He abruptly leaves the performance, and upon collecting his coat is presented with a woman\'s leopardskin coat. He becomes irritated that he can\'t get his own coat and is forced to wait until the only person remaining in the area, is the woman with his hat and coat. He is incredibly rude to her, but he makes a quick recovery with his manners and she invites him to a party. He declines, but as shifts his coat off his arm, the flask falls out of his pocket and smashes on the sidewalk. He tells a lie that it\'s for a friend, and asks if he can still go along to the cocktail party. He tells the bartender he chose not to drink that night... for her. Their relationship becomes serious. One day he is due to meet Helen\'s parents, visiting from Toledo, Ohio, whom he overhears discussing his character flaws in the hotel lobby. Overpowered by anxiety, he escapes into the phone booth as Helen arrives and, while clandestinely observing her, calls and asks her to go ahead with lunch without him. This incident caused his return to drinking. Later, after Wick attempts to cover for Don\'s absence by telling Helen that Don is in Philadelphia, Don emerges from hiding and confesses his alcohol problem to Helen. He recognizes himself as two people: \'Don the writer\' and \'Don the drunk\', who is dependent on his brother. Don explains that he dropped out of college, identified earlier as Cornell, because he was convinced he was already a Hemingway, a "great writer." As he began to doubt his writing talent, he found solace in drink. Don says he can only develop writing ideas while drunk, but he forgets them when sober. Don suggests Helen drop him, but his words only strengthen Helen\'s resolve to help Don. The story returns to the present. Don cannot find a hidden bottle of whiskey, but discovers the name of a bar he has not visited before on a pack of matches. In order to pay his bill at Harry & Joe\'s, he steals a woman\'s handbag, takes it into the men\'s room, and manages to extract enough money to pay his bill. The woman, though, has recognized the theft, and he is identified as the culprit. He admits he has taken her money. The woman takes pity on him in his drunken state and does not press charges. He is told not to return and thrown out.  The next day, Saturday, Don\'s phone rings repeatedly. Don supposes it is Helen, but ignores it. Later, he tries and fails to pawn his typewriter, since all the Third Avenue pawnshops are closed because of Yom Kippur. Returning exhausted to the bar, Nat refuses to serve him. Don visits Gloria, another habitué of Nat\'s Bar, whom he had half-seriously propositioned at the bar and who has admitted being attracted to him. She is now angry over the dates he has broken with her, but after he kisses her in desperation, she yields and hands over a little money. He then falls down the stairs and is knocked unconscious. Coming around in the alcoholics\' ward of a hospital on Sunday, he is confronted by \'Bim\' Nolan who mockingly recounts the histories of other patients at "Hangover Plaza." Bim allows that admissions to the ward were more numerous during prohibition and offers Don a solution to counteract the effects of the DTs, which Don refuses. During the night, on his second attempt and wearing a stolen coat over his pajamas, Don succeeds in escaping from the ward while the staff are occupied with a more disturbed and violent patient. Meanwhile, Helen sleeps on the stairs outside his apartment. Don always ignores his milk and newspaper deliveries, but Helen is awoken by the milkman. Don\'s landlady assumes he is on one of his benders. She tells Helen she would be better off if he were dead. Elsewhere, as a liquor store is opening for the day, Don snatches a cheap bottle of whiskey from an assistant clerk. He returns home and ignores the ringing phone. Later, while inebriated, he imagines a mouse appearing out of a crack in the wall and a bat flying around his living room. The bat attacks the mouse. Bim had explained earlier that alcoholics usually imagine seeing small animals rather than "pink elephants." Helen returns, alerted by a call from Don\'s landlady who can hear his screams. Finding him in a delirious state, she vows to look after him and spends the night for reasons of propriety on Don\'s couch. In the morning, Tuesday, Don is again absent. Helen learns that Don has pawned her coat—the one that brought them together—for a gun. Once more, Helen returns to Don\'s apartment. He is eager to get rid of her, though she asks him to lend her his raincoat. Don claims their relationship is at an end. Helen, via a reflection in a mirror, spots the gun concealed in the bathroom wash basin and offers him drink as a distraction. Quickly, she is able to retrieve the gun, but Don wrenches it away from her. She reiterates her love for him. As Helen tries to persuade Don to quit drinking, the door buzzer sounds. Don answers, and Nat enters to return the typewriter Don lost at Gloria\'s home the night he fell. After Helen persuades him that "Don the writer" and "Don the drunk" are the same person, Don finally commits to writing his novel The Bottle, dedicated to Helen, which will recount the events of the weekend. He drops a cigarette into a glass of whiskey rather than drink it. He recalls that while packing for his lost weekend his mind was on a bottle suspended just outside his window, he ponders, over a reversal of the opening shot, how many other people in New York City are in the same position as he.'] ["Dr. Sharon Golban  finds an ancient skeleton in Jerusalem in a rich man's tomb. Coloration of the wrist and leg bones indicates the cause of death was crucifixion. Other signs, include a gold coin bearing the marks of Pontius Pilate and faint markings around the skull, lead authorities to suspect that these could be the bones of Christ. The different reactions of politicians, clerics, religious extremists&mdash;some prepared to use terror to gain their ends&mdash;to the religious, cultural and political implications of the find, make life difficult and dangerous for the investigators as they seek to unearth the truth. Father Matt Gutierrez is assigned by the Vatican to investigate the case and to protect the Christian faith. Troubled by his case, he comes to understand that it is the Church that he is protecting and not the faith."] ['A feud between Kentucky clans the Tollivers and Falins has been ongoing for as long as anyone can recall. After an engineer, Jack Hale, arrives with coal and railroad interests, he saves the life of Dave Tolliver, whose injury has developed gangrene. Dave expects to marry a cousin, June, but she takes an immediate shine to the newcomer. Her younger brother Buddie is also impressed with Hale, who begins to educate him and take the boy under his wing. But others from both families do not give this outsider their trust. Upset over the budding romance, Dave sets out after Hale with a rifle but is ambushed by the Falins. The latest round of violence causes June not to want to return home, so Hale sends her to Louisville to live with his sister. A bridge is destroyed by the Falins, causing the accidental death of Buddie. A funeral is held and June returns, newly sophisticated from being in the big city. Family patriarch Buck Falin extends his apologies about her brother. Dave, however, is shot in the back by Wade Falin. The families agree that the feud has gone too far. Hale is befriended by all, and will happily marry June.'] ['In 19th century Moscow Raskolnikov acts out the arrogant theory that he can neglect all laws and proceeds to murder a woman. But he is unable to extinguish the victim from his mind and is plagued by his ceaseless rationalization of his decision.'] ['Maria and Paul, a couple in their forties, travel through Spain with a new friend, Claire , a younger woman. The couple\'s daughter is also part of the trip. On their way to Madrid, they stop in a small town and are told by police that a local man who has killed his wife and her lover is on the loose in the area. There is a massive thunderstorm and the group has no choice but to stay in the town\'s only hotel, which is jammed beyond capacity with other travelers in the same situation. Maria, an out of control alcoholic who lives most of her life in a walking, booze-fueled dream state, seems to be subtly encouraging her husband Paul to have a sexual relationship with Claire as a way to reintroduce sexuality into their situation. While the thunderstorm is still raging, Maria secretly steps out of the crowded hotel onto a low balcony to down a bottle of booze and accidentally sees Paul and Claire kissing on a higher balcony. She is simultaneously excited and devastated. While out in the rain Maria discovers the fugitive hiding on a nearby rooftop and decides to help him escape. She then hides the murderer, a young man, in an outcropping of rocks out in lonely stretch of highway in the desert. She eventually tells Paul and Claire about the man, but when they go out to the desert they find that the fugitive has committed suicide with the same gun he\'d killed his cheating wife with. Maria, Paul and Claire decide to keep quiet and simply travel on to Madrid as planned. While in Madrid, Maria tells Paul and Claire that she’d had hopes of adding the fugitive to the odd situation as a "fourth player" in the game, but that her true desire was to sleep with Paul once again. Maria drinks herself unconscious and scenes of Paul and Claire making love were shown while we hear Maria’s voice saying how she’d been envisioning the pair making love ever since she’d first seen Claire naked. It is never made clear whether this sequence is a dream or something Maria actually observed while massively drunk. But the next day she tells Paul about it and it seems to excite him. They start to make love, but she can’t. She tells him she doesn’t love him anymore. He tells her he doesn’t believe her. Later, the trio goes to a club to watch flamenco dancers. Maria, who seems to be having a good time, slips out during the performance and disappears into the city. Paul and Claire search for her, but they cannot find her.'] ['Seven years after tracking down serial killer Jame Gumb, FBI Special Agent Clarice Starling  is unjustly blamed for a bungled drug raid. Starling and her connection to Hannibal Lecter  come to the attention of Lecter\'s only surviving victim, Mason Verger , a wealthy child molester whom Lecter left horribly disfigured and paralyzed after having been assigned as Verger\'s court-appointed therapist. Verger uses his immense wealth and political influence to have Starling reassigned to Lecter\'s case and meets with her in his mansion. Verger is pursuing an elaborate scheme to capture, torture and kill Lecter, and hopes Starling\'s involvement will draw him out. Indeed, Lecter sends her a taunting letter after learning of her public disgrace. Though the letter contains no clue to Lecter\'s whereabouts, Starling detects a strange fragrance that a perfume expert later identifies as a bespoke skin cream whose ingredients are only available to a few shops in the world. She contacts the police departments of the cities where the shops are located, requesting surveillance tapes. One of the cities is Florence, Italy, where Chief Inspector Rinaldo Pazzi  is investigating the disappearance of a library curator. Pazzi questions Lecter, who is masquerading as "Dr. Fell", the assistant curator and now caretaker of the library. Upon recognizing Dr. Fell in the surveillance tape, Pazzi accesses the FBI\'s ViCAP database of wanted fugitives. He learns of Verger\'s US$3 million reward to anyone turning Lecter over to him rather than to the FBI. Lured by Verger\'s bounty, Pazzi ignores Starling\'s warnings against trying to capture Lecter alone. He recruits a pickpocket to obtain a fingerprint of Lecter to show as proof of his whereabouts and thus collect the reward. The pickpocket is mortally wounded by Lecter, but manages to get the print and provides them to Pazzi, who in turn contacts Verger. Lecter then baits Pazzi into an isolated room of the library, ties him up with electrical cords, and hangs and disembowels him, before escaping back to the United States. Verger bribes Justice Department official Paul Krendler  to accuse Starling of withholding a note from Lecter, leading to her suspension. Lecter lures Starling to Union Station but Verger\'s men, who have followed Starling, capture Lecter and transport him to Verger. When her superiors refuse to act, Starling, on her own initiative, infiltrates Verger\'s estate. Verger means to have Lecter eaten alive by a herd of wild boars bred specifically for this purpose. Starling intervenes to free Lecter but is herself wounded, and Lecter rescues her from the voracious animals. Verger furiously orders his private physician Cordell  to shoot Lecter, but instead Lecter persuades Cordell to throw his hated employer into the pen, where he is eaten alive by the boars. Lecter takes a sedated Starling to Krendler\'s secluded lake house and treats her wounds. When Krendler arrives for the Fourth of July break, he is subdued and drugged by Lecter. Starling, disoriented by morphine and dressed in a slinky black velvet cocktail dress, wakes to find Lecter cooking and Krendler in a wheelchair seated at the table set for an elegant dinner. Weakened by the drugs, she looks on in confusion and horror as Lecter removes the top of Krendler\'s skull, cuts out part of his prefrontal cortex, sautees it and feeds Krendler his own brain before finally killing him. After the meal, Starling tries to attack Lecter but is quickly overpowered. She manages to handcuff his wrist to hers, and with police incoming to the residence, Lecter brandishes a meat cleaver and severs his left hand to escape. Lecter is later seen on a flight with boxed lunch on his pull-down table. As he prepares to eat his meal, including a small cooked portion of what is assumed to be Krendler\'s brain, a young boy seated next to him asks to try some of his food. Lecter lets the boy eat some of his lunch, telling him that "it is important... always to try new things."'] ["The film adaptation loosely follows the story of the novel but many of the characters have been changed. Edward Davis is now Sergeant William 'Dutch' Van Den Broeck, a Washington, D.C. police officer. Vivien Simpson is now Kay Chandler, a wealthy Republican Congresswoman with a teenage daughter. They meet when their spouses, Peyton and Cullen, are killed in a plane crash and realize that they were having an affair. The story evolves around the relationship between the two surviving spouses, as the tragedy envelopes their lives and affects his career as a police officer and her campaign for re-election to Congress."] ['Seventeen-year-old Isabella "Bella" Swan moves to Forks, a small town near the Washington coast, to live with her father, Charlie, after her mother is remarried to a minor league baseball player. She is quickly befriended by many students at her new high school, but she is intrigued by the mysterious and aloof Cullen siblings. Bella sits next to Edward Cullen in biology class on her first day of school; he appears to be disgusted by her, much to Bella\'s confusion. A few days later, Bella is nearly struck by a van in the school parking lot. Edward inexplicably moves from several feet away and stops the vehicle with his hand without any harm to himself or Bella. He later refuses to explain this act to Bella and warns her against befriending him. After much research, Bella eventually discovers that Edward is a vampire, though he only consumes animal blood. The pair fall in love and Edward introduces Bella to his vampire family, Carlisle, Esme, Alice, Jasper, Emmett, and Rosalie. Soon after, three nomadic vampires—James, Victoria, and Laurent—arrive. James, a tracker vampire, is intrigued by Edward\'s protectiveness over a human and wants to hunt Bella for sport. Edward and his family risk their lives to protect her, but James tracks Bella to Phoenix where she is hiding and lures her into a trap by claiming he is holding her mother hostage. James attacks Bella and bites her wrist, but Edward, along with the other Cullen family members, arrives before he can kill her. James is destroyed, and Edward sucks James\'s venom from Bella\'s wrist, preventing her from becoming a vampire. A severely injured Bella is taken to a hospital. Upon returning to Forks, Bella and Edward attend their school prom. While there, Bella expresses her desire to become a vampire, which Edward refuses to grant. The film ends with Victoria secretly watching the pair dancing, plotting revenge for her lover James\'s death.'] ['Tom Brown  is energetic, stubborn, kind-hearted, and athletic more than intellectual. He acts according to his feelings and the unwritten rules of the boys around him more than adults\' rules. The film deals with his years at the elite public school for boys Rugby School. His year starts when he goes to Rugby School, where he becomes acquainted with the adults and boys who live at the school and in its environs. On his arrival, the 13-year-old Tom Brown is looked after by a more experienced classmate, Harry "Scud" East . Soon after, Tom and East become the targets of a bully named Flashman . The intensity of the bullying increases, and, after refusing to hand over a sweepstake ticket for the favorite in a horse race, Tom is deliberately burned in front of a fire. Tom and Scud stop Flashman\'s bullying when Flashman is expelled after a fight with Tom in which he used brass knuckles.'] ["Homer Wells , an orphan, is the film's protagonist. He grew up in an orphanage directed by Dr. Wilbur Larch  after being returned twice by foster parents. His first foster parents thought he was too quiet and the second parents beat him. Dr. Larch is addicted to ether and is also secretly an abortionist. Larch trains Homer in obstetrics and abortions as an apprentice, despite Homer never even having attended high school. The film continues as Homer decides to leave the orphanage with Candy Kendall  and her boyfriend, Wally Worthington , a young couple who work at the Worthington family apple orchard. They had come to the clinic to have an abortion. Wally leaves to fight in World War II. While Wally is away, Homer and Candy have an affair. Later, Wally's plane is shot down and he is paralyzed from the waist down. When he returns home, Candy takes care of him and leaves Homer. While he is away from the orphanage, Homer lives on the Worthington estate. He goes to work picking apples with Arthur Rose's  team. Arthur and his team are migrant workers who are employed seasonally at the orchard by the Worthingtons. Mr. Rose rapes and impregnates his own daughter , and Homer, who disapproves of abortions, realizes that in Rose's case, he must perform one for her. Later, when Arthur makes another attempt to rape his daughter, she stabs him, and as a last request, the dying Arthur asks the other workers to tell the police that his death was a suicide. Eventually Homer decides to return to the orphanage after Dr. Larch's death from inhaling an ether overdose, and works as the new director. At the end of the film, Homer learns that Larch had faked Homer's medical record to keep him out of the war, and later made fake credentials for Homer in order to convince the board overseeing the orphanage to appoint him as the next director. Finally, Homer fills the paternal role that Larch previously held for the children of the orphanage."] ['The story is set at the beginning of the 20th century. When Thomas Törless  arrives at the academy, he learns how Anselm von Basini  has been caught stealing by fellow student Reiting , and is obliged to become Reiting\'s "slave," bowing to Reiting\'s sadistic rituals. Törless follows their relationship with intellectual interest but without emotional involvement. Also partaking in these sessions is Beineberg , with whom Törless visits Bozena , the local prostitute. Again, Törless is aloof and more intrigued than excited by the woman. He is however very eager to understand imaginary numbers, which are mentioned in his maths lesson. The maths teacher is unwilling or unable to explain what these are, stating that in life, emotion is what rules everything - even mathematics. After Basini is nearly lynched by a mob because of one of Reiting\'s intrigues, Törless realises intellectually that the other boys are simply cruel. He seems no more or less emotionally moved by this than by the revelation that he cannot understand imaginary numbers. He decides that he does not want to partake in cruelty, so decides to leave the academy. His teachers think that he is too "highly strung" for his own good, and do not want him to stay anyway - they are part of the system which can allow such terrible things to be done to the weak and vulnerable. At the end of the film Törless gets his mother to take him away from the school. He drives away, laughing.'] ['In the final year of World War II, units of the US Army are in the foothills of the Alps between France and Italy, trying to dislodge a unit of German soldiers from a supply post in the middle of a small village. 1st Lt. Sam Loggins  is in charge of a reconnaissance unit that has just lost its radioman. A truckload of fresh young soldiers arrive, one of whom, Corporal Britt Harris  admits to radio training and experience—Harris is immediately appointed the unit\'s radioman by Loggins. Harris reveals himself at once as a lady\'s man and a schemer, acquiring girlfriends, food, and other luxury items. Corporal Lindsay , in charge of the unit\'s paperwork and logistics, reveals Harris\' story to Loggins: Harris is the son of a wealthy textile mill owner in New Jersey—in order to avoid criminal charges of trying to bribe a member of the local Draft Board with a car, Harris has "volunteered" for combat duty in Europe. Harris does show bravery while rescuing a group of men trapped in a minefield and while attacking a German bunker single-handed, but Loggins still has his reservations about the man. The Colonel  grants Loggins and his unit leave in the seaside town of Nice. While walking by himself on a quay, Loggins is attracted to Monique Blair  -- they go to dinner, and she explains she was born in America, but has lived in France since she was a small child. She\'s unwilling to go out with Loggins again. Loggins ask her to meet him in the same cafe the next week at 8PM. The next week, Loggins waits at the cafe, Monique doesn\'t show, and he walks out despondent, only to be asked to have a drink by an older American woman who has apparently been waiting for him. He finds out it is Monique\'s mother, who was checking him out, he passed, and she takes him to her palatial home to join Monique. The two spend a great deal of time together. One night he tells her he loves her, and Monique finally reveals to him that she is afraid to get involved with a US soldier because her now-dead father was a Negro, and she has seen the general bigotry all American soldiers seem to have. Loggins is confused and leaves, not sure about his feelings. Back at the US Army camp, the Colonel and Loggins agree the battle is at a standstill—the US needs better idea of what the Germans have set up in the village. Loggins suggest a covert mission to put an observer in a church tower in the middle of town; the Colonel says he\'ll pass the idea on up to Headquarters. Loggins decides to put aside the former prejudices he would have had about Monique\'s parentage, and goes to see her. She and her mother are delighted to see Loggins. Loggins invites Monique to go out on a date with him. They end up going to a smokey jazz cafe, where they are surprised to see Harris play a fantastic jazz solo on a trumpet, to the acclaim of the entire French crowd. Harris joins Loggins and Monique at their table, and Loggins is left on the sidelines as Harris and Monique are immediately drawn to each other. Outside, Harris and Monique kiss. After Loggins takes Monique home, she asks Loggins to tell Harris about her Negro father. Loggins does so, and it doesn\'t seem to bother Harris. The next weekend, Loggins and Harris return to Nice to visit Monique. Once again, Loggins is forced to the sidelines as the handsome and smooth-talking Harris takes over. Loggins returns to his hotel room alone. Harris and Monique stay out most of the night. When Harris returns to the hotel, he tells Loggins he\'s asked Monique to marry him, and she has said yes. Loggins is shattered, but he puts on a brave face. He tells Harris about the paperwork he will need to fill out to get the army\'s permission to marry. When they return to their unit, Harris immediately asks for the marriage permission form. Two months pass, and Harris still hasn\'t received an answer from the army on his request to marry. One day, while talking to Corporal Lindsay, Loggins finds out that Harris had indeed picked up the completed paperwork 3 weeks earlier. In fact, Harris had told the corporal that the whole thing was a gag. Loggins is furious when he hears this. Meanwhile, the Colonel tells Loggins that Headquarters has approved Loggins\' covert operation. Loggins says it\'s a two-man operation, and he want to bring Harris as his radioman—Loggins also asks for a few hours leave to take care of some personal matters in town. The colonel agrees to both of Loggins\' requests. Loggins and Harris go to the Blair mansion, and Loggins forces Harris to admit to Monique that Harris is not going to marry her. Monique runs away in tears. Harris tries to explain himself to Loggins , and Loggins punches him out. Loggins then goes out to find Monique. It turns out she had tried to drown herself, but a fisherman fished her out of the water while she was still alive. Loggins tries to talk to her, but she doesn\'t want to talk to him. Back at the US Army base, Loggins and Harris prepare for their mission. Loggins says he is going to kill Harris. Harris responds that essentially, "Only if I don\'t kill you first." They eye each other suspiciously and cautiously. However, Loggins clarifies that he plans to kill Loggins in the future—after the mission is over or perhaps after the war is over. On the mission, they encounter and kill a German soldier together. The duo establishes themselves at 2 AM in the church tower, calls in, and reports their observations, especially that a hidden section of the village contains an enormous German ammo dump. Loggins sends an order back to the base to begin a bombardment at 4 AM of the ammo dump that will certainly destroy most of the village. They leave the tower, and are soon discovered by a German patrol. Harris is shot dead by the Germans, and Loggins is pinned down. The German officers, panicking at the thought of American soldiers in the village, order an immediate evacuation. Hearing this, Loggins grabs the radio and orders the US artillery to begin firing right now. Shells fall on the village and the ammo dump, and everything blows up. The movie ends with Loggins relating how he was found under the rubble still alive by US troops, and brought to a hospital, where his right arm was amputated. He had gotten two letters from Monique. In one of them she says that she has learned that Harris was killed. She also tells Loggins that her mother has died. When Loggins is finally released from the hospital after many months, he decides to go to Nice to visit Monique one last time before returning to the States. He finds that she is now heading up a school for war orphans. She invites Loggins to come into one of the classrooms. As a tribute to Loggins and all the American soldiers who fought to free France, the children sing a song of appreciation. During the singing, Monique and Loggis look earnestly at each other. Will their romance bloom once again?'] ['The plot of the movie is based on Austen′s novel Pride and Prejudice. Some character names remain the same, while others are changed slightly, using localized names with similar pronunciation . Set in Amritsar, the story follows Lalita Bakshi, a young woman living with her doting father and helping him run the family farming enterprise; her mother, who is determined to marry off her daughters to respectable and wealthy men; and her three sisters, Jaya, Maya, and Lakhi. At a friend\'s wedding, Lalita meets Will Darcy, a handsome and wealthy American working in the family hotel business, who has arrived in Amritsar with his long-time friend, the barrister Balraj, and Balraj\'s sister Kiran. Events in the movie roughly parallel those in the novel, punctuated by "Bollywood" style song and dance numbers: Darcy resists his attraction to Lalita, who considers him conceited, arrogant, and intolerant toward India and Indian culture. At various parties and gatherings, Mrs Bakshi\'s mindless chatter, Maya\'s kitschy dancing, and Lakhi\'s uninhibited flirting astonish Darcy and his friends, and mortify Jaya and Lalita. Balraj and Jaya fall quickly in love, but misunderstandings and interference by others drag out their courtship. Lalita meets and is attracted to "Johnny Wickham," Darcy\'s former friend, and he validates her low opinion of Darcy. Mr Kholi, a rich, crass, clumsy, and ostentatious Americanized relative, proposes to Lalita; after she turns him down, her best friend Chandra agrees to marry him, much to Lalita\'s confusion and consternation. When the youngest sister Lakhi tries to run off with Wickham, Darcy and Lalita find the couple and separate them before he can ruin her life, as he almost did to Will\'s young sister Georgie. Ultimately, back in India for Jaya and Balraj\'s wedding, Darcy surprises and wins over Lalita by joining in the traditional drumming, showing that he is learning to appreciate Indian culture. The film ends with the double wedding of Jaya to Balraj and Lalita to Darcy, with the two couples riding on elephants down the streets of Amritsar.'] ['In 2005, Daisy, an elderly woman, is on her deathbed in a New Orleans hospital. Daisy asks her daughter, Caroline, to read aloud from the diary of Benjamin Button. It begins with an introduction note written on April 4, 1985. In 1918, Mr. Gateau, a blind New Orleans clockmaker, loses his son on the battlefields of France in World War I. As a way to deal with the grief, Gateau builds a large clock for the New Orleans train station, but fixes it so that the time goes in reverse. When asked why, Gateau states that maybe time will reverse and the men lost in the war—including his son—might come home again. On the evening of November 11, 1918, a boy is born with the appearance and physical maladies of a very elderly man. The baby\'s mother dies shortly after giving birth, and the father, Thomas Button, abandons the infant on the porch of a nursing home. Queenie and Mr. "Tizzy" Weathers, who work at the nursing home, find the baby, and Queenie decides to care for him as her own. In 1925, Queenie and a 7-year old Benjamin attend church; he physically appears 77. Learning to walk, Ben declares that moment a miracle, as written in his diary; the priest has a sudden, fatal heart attack. In November 1930, 12-year-old Benjamin, having exchanged a wheelchair for crutches, befriends six-year-old Daisy, whose grandmother lives in the nursing home. As Benjamin\'s body grows younger, he accepts work on a tugboat. Benjamin also meets Thomas Button, who does not reveal that he is Benjamin\'s father. In 1936, Benjamin leaves New Orleans with the tugboat crew for a long-term work engagement. He eventually finds himself in Murmansk, where he starts an affair with Elizabeth Abbott, wife of the British Trade Minister. In 1941, while the tugboat crew is still in Russia, Japan attacks the U.S. at Pearl Harbor, thrusting America into World War II. Mike, the captain, volunteers the boat to be a ship in the U.S. Navy and the crew is assigned to scrap collection duty. During a patrol, the tugboat stumbles upon a sunken U.S. transport and the bodies of hundreds of American troops. While surveying the carnage, a German submarine surfaces. Knowing his duty, Mike steers the tugboat full speed towards the sub while a German gunner fires on the tugboat, killing most of the crew including Mike. The tugboat then rams the submarine, causing it to explode, sinking both vessels. The next day Benjamin and one other crew member are picked up by ships of the U.S. Navy. In May 1945, Benjamin returns to New Orleans, and learns that 21-year-old Daisy has become a successful ballet dancer. Benjamin again crosses paths with Thomas Button, who, terminally ill, reveals that he is Benjamin\'s father. Thomas wills Benjamin his possessions before he dies. Daisy\'s dance career is ended in Paris in 1957, when she is hit by a taxi cab and breaks her leg. When Benjamin goes to see her, Daisy is amazed at his youthful appearance, but frustrated at her own injuries; she tells him to stay out of her life. In 1962, Daisy returns to New Orleans and reunites with Benjamin. Now of comparable physical age, they fall in love and move in together. Daisy gives birth to a girl, Caroline in 1968, when Benjamin\'s 49. Believing he cannot be a father to his daughter due to his reverse aging, Benjamin sells his belongings and leaves the proceeds to Daisy and Caroline. He begins traveling the world in 1970 , really in his early 50s but appearing to be in his early 30s, including going to India, and doing motorcycle work. Finally, Benjamin ends his travels in 1981, at age 63. Appearing 21, Benjamin comes back to Daisy that same year. Now married, Daisy introduces him to her husband and daughter as a family friend. Daisy then visits Benjamin at his hotel, where they share their passion for each other. Daisy admits that he was right to leave; she could not have coped otherwise. After saying goodnight to her, Benjamin watches Daisy leave in a taxi from his window. In 1991, widowed Daisy receives a phone call from social workers. They have found Benjamin — now apparently about 12 years old. When she arrives, they explain that he\'d been living in a condemned building, and was recently taken to the hospital in failing health. They have contacted her because they found her name in his diary. The bewildered social workers also say he\'s displaying early signs of dementia. Daisy moves into the nursing home where Benjamin grew up and takes care of him as he becomes increasingly younger until, physically, he becomes an infant once more. Daisy says to Caroline that in 2002, Gateau\'s clock was moved into storage, replaced by a digital screen clock. In 2003, Benjamin dies in Daisy\'s arms remembering who she was. Benjamin\'s story now told, Daisy dies in her New Orleans hospital bed as Hurricane Katrina approaches, and the scene fades to the storage room in which Gateau\'s clock is contained; the film ends with the clock still running backwards, as the room in which it is contained begins to flood.'] ["The film offers a portrait of the hierarchical structure of a Catholic school, both formal and informal. New student Jerry Renault  must submit to the bizarre rituals of his peers and the expectations of the school's administration by selling chocolates as a fundraiser."] ['A traveler named Lockwood  is caught in the snow and stays at the estate of Wuthering Heights, despite the cold behavior of his aged host, Heathcliff . Late that night, after being shown into an upstairs room that was once a bridal chamber, Lockwood is awakened by a cold draft and finds the window shutter flapping back and forth. Just as he is about to close it, he feels an icy hand clutching his and sees a woman outside calling, "Heathcliff, let me in! I\'m out on the moors. It\'s Cathy!" Lockwood calls Heathcliff and tells him what he saw, whereupon the enraged Heathcliff throws him out of the room. As soon as Lockwood is gone, Heathcliff frantically calls out to Cathy, runs down the stairs and out of the house, into the snowstorm. Ellen, the housekeeper , tells the amazed Lockwood that he has seen the ghost of Cathy Earnshaw, Heathcliff\'s great love, who died years ago. When Lockwood says that he doesn\'t believe in ghosts, Ellen tells him that he might if she told him the story of Cathy. And so the main plot begins as a long flashback. The plot then flashes back forty years. As a boy, Heathcliff is found on the streets by Mr. Earnshaw , who brings him home to live with his two children, Cathy and Hindley. At first reluctant, Cathy eventually welcomes Heathcliff and they become very close, but Hindley treats him as an outcast, especially after Mr. Earnshaw dies. About ten years later, the now-grown Heathcliff and Cathy  have fallen in love and are meeting secretly on Peniston Crag . Hindley  has become dissolute and tyrannical and hates Heathcliff. One night, as Cathy and Heathcliff are out together, they hear music and realize that their neighbors, the Lintons, are giving a party. Cathy and Heathcliff sneak to the Lintons and climb over their garden wall, but the dogs are alerted and Cathy is injured. Heathcliff is forced to leave Cathy in their care. Enraged that Cathy would be so entranced by the Linton\'s glamor and wealth, he blames them for her injury and curses them. Months later, Cathy is fully recuperated but still living at the Lintons. Edgar Linton  has fallen in love with Cathy and soon proposes, and after Edgar takes her back to Wuthering Heights, she tells Ellen what has happened. Ellen reminds her about Heathcliff, but Cathy flippantly remarks that it would degrade her to marry him. Heathcliff overhears and leaves. Cathy realizes that Heathcliff has overheard, is overcome by guilt and runs out after him into a raging storm. Edgar finds her and nurses her back to health once again, and soon he and Cathy marry. Heathcliff was thought to have disappeared forever but returns two years later, now wealthy and elegant. He has refined his appearance and manners in order to both impress and spite Cathy and secretly buys Wuthering Heights from Hindley, who has become an alcoholic. In order to further spite Cathy, Heathcliff begins courting Edgar\'s naive sister, Isabella , and eventually marries her. The brokenhearted Cathy soon falls gravely ill. Heathcliff rushes to her side against the wishes of the now disillusioned and bitter Isabella, and Cathy dies in Heathcliff\'s arms. The flashback ends and we return to Ellen finishing her story. The family doctor, Dr. Kenneth , bursts in, saying that he  must be mad, having seen Heathcliff in the snow walking with his arm around a woman. Ellen exclaims, "It was Cathy!" and Dr. Kenneth says, "No, I don\'t know who it was", and tells them that he was then thrown from his horse. As he drew closer, he found Heathcliff lying in the snow. The woman had disappeared and there was no sign of her, and only Heathcliff\'s footprints appeared in the snow, not hers. Lockwood asks, "Is he dead?", and Dr. Kenneth nods, but Ellen says, "No, not dead, Dr. Kenneth. And not alone. He\'s with her. They\'ve only just begun to live." The last thing we see in the film are the ghosts of Heathcliff and Cathy, walking in the snow, superimposed over a shot of Peniston Crag.'] ['Claudine is a British art scholar who has a terminal case of throat cancer. She is in Venice to give a lecture on the Bosch triptych from which the film gets its name. Claudine is accompanied in Venice by her lover, Chris, a nautical engineer. Together they explore the canals of Venice. Chris has brought his video camera, and the audience watches Claudine and Chris hang out, make love, swim, converse, rent an apartment, and recreate vignettes from the triptych.'] ['In 1847, remorseful former outlaw Glyn McLyntock  is scouting for a wagon train of settlers to Oregon. While he is checking the trail ahead, he rescues Emerson Cole ([[Arthur Kennedy  from being lynched for stealing a horse. Cole, who says the horse is "not exactly stolen," thinks he\'s heard of McLyntock, but doesn\'t pursue the subject. One of the pioneers in the wagon train is the eligible Laurie Baile . That night, they are attacked by five Shoshone Indians and Laurie is wounded by an arrow. McLyntock and Cole go out to deal with the Shoshones and Cole saves McLyntock\'s life in the process. McLyntock welcomes Cole, but Jeremy Baile , the leader of the settlers, does not trust Cole and does not believe that a man can change from bad to good. When they reach Portland, Oregon, Laurie remains there to recover. Cole also leaves the party saying that he wants to go to California to find gold. The rest, including McLyntock, go on to establish a settlement in the wilderness after making arrangements with a man named Tom Hendricks to send the supplies they need for the winter to be sent on later . That night, they have a big party and meet a professional gambler named Trey Wilson . With winter fast approaching and the supplies at least six weeks late, they begin to worry when the food supply runs low. McLyntock and Jeremy Baile go back to Portland to investigate. They find that a gold rush has inflated prices enormously. Laurie and Cole are working for Tom Hendricks and have no intention of going to the settlement. McLyntock is not happy to see them together as a couple. Hendricks , their greedy supplier, has reneged on their business deal and has decided to sell their supplies at the new higher prices to a mining camp. Cole helps McLyntock round up some bad men to load the food and take it back to the settlement. Laurie joins them. When they are pursued, McLyntock sets up an ambush. Hendricks and some of his gang are killed, and the rest are driven off. On the way to the settlement, some of the miners show up and offer an exorbitant price for the food. The hired men begin thinking about ways to commandeer the wagon train. Cole cannot resist the temptation of all that money and double-crosses his friend but doesn\'t kill him. That proves to be a mistake. McLyntock tracks them down and retakes the supplies with the assistance of Jeremy, Laurie, and Trey. Cole brings the miners to help him retake the supplies, but they are miners, not gunfighters and they lose to the more experienced gunhands. In a climactic brawl in the river, McLyntock kills Cole and they watch the current take his body toward the falls. At the end, they finally reach the settlement with the supplies and it\'s apparent that Laurie and Glyn are now a couple.'] ['Nicholas Urfe is a young Englishman who has taken a teaching position on the Greek island of Phraxos following the previous instructor\'s suicide. For Nicholas it is a chance for different surroundings, and it is also an attempt to escape his relationship with his emotionally unstable lover, Anne. At first Nicholas\' life on Phraxos is uneventful but peaceful. He soon becomes intrigued with a reclusive man named Maurice Conchis, who owns an estate on the opposite side of island and has a beautiful young woman named Lily as a companion. Immediately upon being introduced to the couple, Nicholas\' life begins to unravel. He tries to find out who the mysterious Conchis really is. Is he a psychiatrist? A film producer? A Nazi sympathizer? Or is he a magician who controls the lives and destinies of those around him? Nicholas quickly begins to lose his grip on reality as he sinks further and further into Conchis\' game. During visits to Conchis\'s estate, Nicholas has a series of experiences which gradually become more unexpected and bizarre. Many are related to  past events from Conchis\'s life. Ultimately, these events begin happening off the estate as well, at unexpected times and places, raising questions as to how much power and control Conchis can actually exercise over others\' lives. The story climaxes with a "trial" directed by Conchis with Nicholas  participating. The final scene (which may be interpreted almost as a coda has to do with Nicholas\' relationship with Anne and whether or not it continues.'] ['Mirabelle Buttersfield , a transplanted Vermonter, is an aspiring artist and saleswoman at the evening gloves counter at Saks Fifth Avenue in Beverly Hills. Her quiet, orderly existence - filled with both the mundane  and the serious  - is disrupted by the sudden appearance of two disparate men. Jeremy  is an immature, awkward, socially inept, penniless twenty-something graphic designer for an amplifier manufacturer and aspiring typographer who enters Mirabelle\'s life first . Mirabelle, aching for any kind of meaningful contact with someone else, gives him a chance, but it quickly fizzles after a half-hearted date  followed by a woefully underwhelming sexual encounter. Ray Porter  is a considerably older, suave, well-dressed, wealthy, divorced logician. Ray charms Mirabelle over the course of a few dates, one of which ends at his house. Mirabelle offers herself to him, and after they have sex, the next morning Ray tells her that he does not intend for their relationship to be serious due to his constant traveling between L.A. and Seattle. Both have different understandings of this talk: Ray tells his psychiatrist that Mirabelle knows that he is going to see other people, and Mirabelle tells her acquaintances that Ray wanted to see her more. Mirabelle and Ray embark on a lengthy affair, during which time Jeremy is working as a roadie for the band Hot Tears. He attempts to have one last liaison with Mirabelle before leaving, but she spurns him due to her relationship with Ray. While on tour, the band\'s lead singer introduces Jeremy to the world of self-improvement and how to better relate to the opposite sex. Mirabelle becomes increasingly devoted to Ray, who showers her with expensive gifts  instead of emotional affection. When Mirabelle\'s depression hits her hard , he takes her to the doctor and cares for her, further deepening her reliance on him. Ray is spurred to invite Mirabelle on a trip to New York for which Ray has her fitted in the dress shop at Armani. During a business trip, Ray has dinner with an old friend. During dinner she propositions him and he accepts. Ray immediately confesses on return to L.A. and a devastated Mirabelle cuts things off with him, cancels her trip to New York and decides to visit Vermont. While she is basking in the warmth and familiarity of home, Ray calls. He apologizes for hurting her and asks her to come to New York. She accepts and attends his function. She is the youngest person at the party and is for the most part, alone and out of place. When they return to the hotel room, Ray wants to be intimate, but Mirabelle is not ready. A while later, Mirabelle meets Jeremy by accident on the way to an art gallery showing and her coworker Lisa  mistakes him for Ray when they walk in together. Jeremy is a new man and all he has learned during his time away is evident to anyone but Mirabelle. After the showing, Mirabelle goes home with Ray and Lisa goes home with Jeremy thinking he\'s Ray. The next morning Ray devastates Mirabelle by announcing that he plans on looking for a bigger house in case he "meets someone and decides to have kids". Jeremy calls Lisa thinking they have made a connection, but quickly finds out she has no interest in anything but Ray Porter . Mirabelle decides to stop postponing the inevitable and breaks things off with Ray for good. After taking time to grieve the loss of the relationship, she quits her job at Saks for one as a receptionist in an art gallery. Jeremy then begins to pursue her again, this time the correct way. Over time they fall in love with one another and eventually make love. Mirabelle receives an invitation to show her work and at the opening, Ray shows up with his new girlfriend. Their interaction is noticeably strained as they search for shallow things to chat about. At the end of their conversation, Ray apologizes for how deeply he hurt her and admits  that he did love her. A shocked and touched Mirabelle smiles through her oncoming tears and turns to walk away. As Ray watches Mirabelle run into Jeremy\'s loving arms, he remarks on how he feels a loss although he purposefully kept Mirabelle at arm\'s length so that when they broke up it would not hurt him, which it inevitably does.'] ['The movie begins in Atlanta federal penitentiary, where an aging prisoner named Joseph Valachi  is imprisoned for smuggling heroin. The boss of his crime family, Vito Genovese , is imprisoned there as well. Genovese is certain that Valachi is an informant, and gives him the "kiss of death." Valachi kisses him back. Valachi mistakenly kills a fellow prisoner who he wrongly thinks is a mob assassin. Told of the mistake by federal agents, Valachi becomes an informant, the first in the history of the Mafia. He tells his life story in flashback. The movie traces Valachi from a young punk to a gangster associating with bosses like Salvatore Maranzano . Maranzano tells a mourner at a funeral, "I cannot bring back the dead. I can only kill the living." Valachi marries a boss\'s daughter, played by Bronson\'s real-life wife Jill Ireland. Valachi\'s rise in the Mafia is hampered by his poor relations with his capo, Tony Bender . Bender is portrayed castrating a mobster for having relations with another mobster\'s wife. Valachi shoots the man to put him out of his misery. The mayhem and murder continue to the present, with Valachi shown testifying before a Senate committee. He is upset with having to testify and attempts suicide, but in the end  outlives Genovese, who dies in prison.'] ['After killing Pretty Boy Floyd , FBI agent Melvin Purvis  is promoted by J. Edgar Hoover  to lead the hunt for John Dillinger . Purvis shares Hoover\'s belief in using scientific methods to battle crime, ranging from cataloging fingerprints to tapping telephone lines. In between a series of bank robberies, Dillinger meets Billie Frechette  at a restaurant and woos her by buying her a fur coat. Frechette falls for Dillinger even after he reveals his identity, and the two become inseparable. Purvis leads a failed ambush at a hotel where he believes Dillinger is staying; an agent is killed by Baby Face Nelson , who escapes with Tommy Carroll . Purvis requests that Hoover bring in professional lawmen who know how to catch criminals dead or alive, including Texan Charles Winstead . Police arrest Dillinger and his gang in Tucson, Arizona, after a fire breaks out at the Hotel Congress. Dillinger is extradited to Indiana, where he is locked up in the Lake County Jail in Crown Point, by Sheriff Lillian Holley . Dillinger and other inmates use a fake gun to escape. Dillinger is unable to see Frechette, who is under tight surveillance. Dillinger learns that Frank Nitti\'s  associates are unwilling to help because his crimes are motivating the FBI to prosecute interstate crime, which imperils Nitti\'s bookmaking racket. Carroll goads Dillinger into a bank robbery in Sioux Falls with Baby Face Nelson. During their escape, both Dillinger and Carroll are shot, and they have to leave Carroll behind. The group retreat to the Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters, Wisconsin, and realize their haul is significantly less than Nelson said it would be. Dillinger hopes he can free the rest of his gang from prison, including Pierpont  and Makley , but "Red" Hamilton  convinces him this is unlikely. Purvis and his men apprehend Carroll and torture him to learn the gang\'s location. Purvis organizes an ambush at Little Bohemia. Dillinger and Hamilton escape separately from the rest of the gang. Agents Winstead and Hurt  pursue Dillinger and Hamilton through the woods, engaging in a gunfight in which Hamilton is fatally wounded. Trying to escape, Nelson, Shouse, and Van Meter hijack a Bureau car, killing Purvis\'s partner Carter Baum  in the process. After a car chase, Purvis and his men kill Nelson and the rest of the gang. Hamilton dies that night. Dillinger meets Frechette, telling her he plans to commit one more robbery that will pay enough for them to escape together. When Dillinger drops her off at a tavern he thinks is safe, she is arrested. Frechette is beaten during interrogation to learn Dillinger\'s whereabouts, which she does not reveal; Purvis and Winstead eventually arrive and intervene. Dillinger agrees to participate in a train robbery with Alvin Karpis  and the Barker Gang, intending to flee the country the next day. He receives a note from Billie through her lawyer, Louis Piquett , telling him not to try to break her out of jail. Through Zarkovich, Purvis enlists the help of madam and Dillinger acquaintance Anna Sage , threatening her with deportation if she does not cooperate. She agrees to set up Dillinger, who she believes will come to hide out with her. Dillinger and Sage see Manhattan Melodrama at the Biograph Theater. After the film, Purvis signals other agents upon seeing them leave. Dillinger spots the police but is shot before he can draw his gun. Winstead listens to Dillinger\'s last words. Purvis goes to inform Hoover of Dillinger\'s death. Winstead tells Frechette, still incarcerated, that he thinks Dillinger\'s dying words were, "Tell Billie for me, \'Bye bye Blackbird\'." The closing text reveals that Melvin Purvis quit the FBI in 1935 and died by his own hand in 1960, and that Billie lived out of the rest of her life in Wisconsin following her release in 1936.'] ["A brilliant and driven scientist, Jake Terrell, and his young and beautiful wife, Maggie, train dolphins to communicate with humans. This is done by teaching the dolphins to speak English in dolphin-like voices. Two of his dolphins, Alpha  and Beta  are stolen by officials of the shadowy Franklin Foundation headed by Harold DeMilo  the supportive backer of the Terrells' research. After the dolphins are kidnapped, an investigation by an undercover government agent for hire, Curtis Mahoney  reveals that the Institute is planning to further train the dolphins to carry out a political assassination by having them place a limpet mine on the hull of the yacht of the President of the United States."] ['{{Unreferenced section}} This adaptation of Macbeth takes place in the Melbourne underworld. Macbeth , a loyal underboss to his crime boss Duncan , is told by teenage witches that he will one day assume great power. Driven by their prophecy, his wife  plans to kill Duncan and take the leadership of the gang for herself and her husband. Macbeth\'s obsessive love for her leads him to agree to her murderous plan, but he finds that maintaining his power will require a lot more from him than first imagined. The film opens in a cemetery where the Weird Sisters, three school girl witches, are seen destroying and defacing headstones and statues, while close by Lady Macbeth weeps beside a headstone marked "beloved son". Macbeth stands by. It is here that the three witches make their plan to meet with Macbeth later, and leave the cemetery, smiling smugly at Macbeth from afar. Macbeth leads Duncan\'s gang, in his absence, to do a drug deal with Macdonwald and his men. In a gunfight between the gangs, all members of Macdonwald\'s gang are killed. While chasing two gunmen, Banquo and Macbeth are led to the Cawdor Club. They seize the club. The current owner of the club is tied up and later killed. Duncan officially hands the club over to Macbeth, and Macbeth and Banquo celebrate by drinking the club\'s alcohol and taking some pills found on a table. During this drug trip Macbeth meets the three witches who prophesise that he will soon be in Duncan\'s position with total control over the gang. He tells his wife this, though she doubts he has it in him to take over Duncan\'s position. Later when she learns that Duncan will be dining and staying at their house, she plots with her husband to kill him, passing the rank of gang leader to Macbeth. Lady Macbeth drugs Duncan\'s bodyguards, and while they sleep Macbeth takes their knives and kills Duncan, framing the guards. Macduff comes to Inverness and finds Duncan murdered in his bed. Before the bodyguards can profess their innocence Macbeth shoots them. Malcolm, Duncan\'s son, immediately suspects Macbeth as having something to do with his father\'s death and flees. After Macbeth is hailed as the new leader by most of Duncan\'s gang Macbeth sends two murderers to kill Banquo and his son, Fleance. The murderers kill Banquo, but Fleance escapes. Macbeth holds a celebratory dinner, and after learning that Banquo has been killed, sees a vision of Banquo\'s ghost at the dining table. Macbeth is becoming more shaken by his desire for power. Lennox, Ross and others now suspect Macbeth of killing Duncan and Banquo. Macbeth finds the three witches in his house that evening and, after drinking a foul potion and engaging in an orgiastic sexual encounter with them, asks the witches of his future. He is told to fear Macduff, but no man "of woman born shall kill you". Later it is revealed that Macduff is not a natural birth, but a caesarean section, which is not "of woman born". He is also shown a vision of Fleance being hailed as gang leader. These prophecies enrage Macbeth, as does the witches\' quick disappearance, and he has the murderers go to Macduff\'s home and brutally kill Lady Macduff and her son. Seeing this on the television, Lennox and Ross go to tell Macduff who has gone to his uncle Siward. Malcolm convinces him that Macbeth has gone much too far in his quest for power and must be stripped of his leader status. Meanwhile, Lady Macbeth has become more insane, to the point where she re-imagines the evening of Duncan\'s killing and continuously tries to wash off his blood from her hands. A doctor sedates her, and Macbeth appears fairly indifferent to her instability. He prepares for the impending attack from Macduff, Lennox and Ross. Lady Macbeth commits suicide in a bath tub by slashing her wrists, enraging Macbeth. The two murderers, realising the unlikeliness of surviving the attack, swiftly flee Dunsinane leaving Macbeth with only Seyton, his main bodyguard, and two others. The murderers run into Macduff and his associates at the edge of Burnham Wood and are shot. Fleance looks on. Malcolm leads his men to Dunsinane where they ambush the house and a large gunfight ensues between them and Macbeth and his guards. Macbeth is chased to the cellar where he faces off with Macduff and is stabbed in the stomach. He stumbles upstairs to his bedroom, where the body of Lady Macbeth lies, and dies at her side. As Macduff leads Fleance, now the inherited gang leader, from the house Macbeth\'s famous "tomorrow and tomorrow and tomorrow" speech is heard.'] ['Three Americans from New York arrive in Tangier in 1947. Port Moresby  and his wife Kit  are accompanied by their friend George Tunner  on a trip that will take them deep into the Sahara Desert. Tunner observes, "We\'re probably the first tourists they\'ve had since the war" to which Kit replies, "We\'re not tourists. We\'re travelers." While Tunner plans to return home in a few weeks, Port and Kit plan on staying for a year or two. While awaiting transport to a hotel, the group meets the Lyles – Mrs. Lyle ([[Jill Bennett , a travel writer and her son Eric . After arriving at the hotel, Port invites Kit to accompany him for a walk of the city. After refusing and rebuffing his romantic advances, Port angrily leaves. During his walk he meets a prostitute . The two have sex and the prostitute attempts to steal his wallet. Port quickly leaves and is chased by a mob. The next morning Tunner arrives at Kit\'s room to take her shopping. Not wanting Tunner to know that Port stayed out all night, she removes the covers from his bed to make it appear that he slept there. As Kit and Tunner are preparing to leave, a disheveled Port arrives. Seeing his bed, he assumes that Tunner spent the night with Kit. Port and Kit once again encounter the Lyles and are offered a ride in their car to their next destination but are informed that there is no room for Tunner. Port accepts the ride with the Lyles while Kit takes the train with Tunner. Tunner and Kit awake the next morning in Kit\'s room after a drunken tryst. Suspicious of Kit\'s relationship with Tunner, Port arranges for Eric Lyle to provide Tunner with transportation to Messad on the pretext that Port and Kit will meet him later. Eric agrees but also steals Port\'s passport. In Bounoura, Port discovers his passport missing. Even after being informed by local officials that the passport can be recovered in Messad, Port decides to proceed to El Ga\'a with Kit in order to avoid a meeting with Tunner. Port then contracts typhoid and dies at a French foreign legion post leaving Kit alone deep in the Sahara. Kit wanders in the desert until she is rescued by a caravan led by Belqassim . After the caravan arrives at Belqassim\'s home, he disguises Kit as a boy and locks her in a guest house. Although held captive, Kit welcomes Belqassim\'s advances and the two begin an affair. Kit is soon discovered by Belqassim\'s wives who order her to leave. Kit finds herself disoriented in the local marketplace and is found in a hospital by staff of the American embassy. She is transported back to Tangier where she began her journey and is told that Tunner is waiting for her. After arriving at the hotel, Kit flees into the city before Tunner can meet her.'] ['The film is set in early 20th century, in France. A young widow renews her love with a man until she discovers that he had a past relationship with one of her new employees, who is a nanny. This makes the two women accuse each other for particular reasons until the end of the movie.'] ['Willy Loman  returns home exhausted after a canceled business trip. Worried over Willy\'s state of mind and recent car "crash", his wife Linda  suggests that he ask his boss Howard Wagner  to allow him to work in his home city so he will not have to travel. Willy complains to Linda that their son, Biff , who is visiting, has yet to make good on his life. Despite Biff\'s promise as an athlete in high school, he flunked senior year math and never went to college. Biff and his brother, Happy ([[Stephen Lang , who is also visiting, reminisce about their childhood together. They discuss their father\'s mental degeneration, which they have witnessed by his constant vacillations and talking to himself. When Willy walks in, angry that the two boys have never amounted to anything, Biff and Happy tell Willy that Biff plans to make a business proposition the next day in an effort to pacify their father. The next day, Willy goes to ask Howard for a job in town while Biff goes to make a business proposition, but neither are successful. Willy gets angry and ends up getting fired when Howard tells him that he needs a rest and can no longer represent the company. Biff waits hours to see a former employer who does not remember him and turns him down. Biff impulsively steals a fountain pen. Willy then goes to the office of his neighbor Charley , where he runs into Charley\'s son Bernard  . Bernard tells him that Biff originally wanted to do well in summer school, but something happened in Boston when Biff went to visit Willy that changed his mind. Happy, Biff, and Willy meet for dinner at a restaurant, but Willy refuses to hear bad news from Biff. Happy tries to get Biff to lie to their father. Biff tries to tell him what happened as Willy gets angry and slips into a flashback of what happened in Boston the day Biff came to see him. Willy had been in a hotel on a sales trip with a young woman named Ms. Francis  when Biff arrived. From that moment, Biff\'s view of his father changed and set Biff adrift. Biff leaves the restaurant in frustration, followed by Happy and two girls  that Happy has picked up. They leave a confused and upset Willy behind in the restaurant. When they later return home, their mother angrily confronts them for abandoning their father while Willy remains talking to himself outside. Biff goes outside to try to reconcile with Willy. The discussion quickly escalates into another argument, at which point Biff forcefully tries to convey to his father that he is not meant for anything great, that he is simply ordinary, insisting that they both are. The feud culminates with Biff hugging Willy and crying as he tries to get him to let go of the unrealistic dreams that he still carries for Biff and wants instead for Willy to accept him for who he really is. He tells his father he loves him. Rather than listen to what Biff actually says, Willy realizes that his son has forgiven him and thinks that Biff will now pursue a career as a businessman. Willy kills himself by intentionally crashing his car so that Biff can use the life insurance money to start his business. However, at the funeral, Biff retains his belief that he does not want to become a businessman. Happy, on the other hand, chooses to follow in his father\'s footsteps.'] ['Jessie, a female Border Collie, and her friends, who have all been hiding away from Napoleon and his spies, are starting their journey back to their home, which they had escaped from years before. A massive storm is washing away the looming structures of Manor Farm. Jessie reflects on the events of the past and how they were brought to their current situation and the film shifts to the past. At night in the barn of Manor Farm, the animals gather for a meeting. Old Major, the oldest and wisest pig at Manor Farm tells the animals that they must overthrow man, their true and only enemy, in order to be free and that the animals must never adopt man’s vices. Old Major tells of a song called, “Beasts of the England,” which proclaims that animals must rise up and overthrow man. When Mr. Jones, the cruel, alcoholic owner of Manor Farm, rushes outside to investigate the noises emitting from the barn, he accidentally fires his gun. The bullet strikes Old Major, who falls from the barn loft, dying on the ground below. Later, after Jones neglects to feed the animals, Boxer, the work horse, leads the animals to the shed where the food is kept. When Jones and his men come to face the animals, the animals attack the men in revolution, forcing them off the property. Under the rule of animals, Manor Farm is renamed Animal Farm by Snowball, who has learned to read and write. Snowball paints on the barn doors commandments he claims are the principles of Animalism, reflecting Old Major\'s views. The commandments forbid animals from behaving like humans and the killing of animals. The commandments also state that "whatever goes upon four legs or has wings is a friend" and that "all animals are equal." Snowball teaches the animals to chant, "Four legs good, two legs bad" and also reveals the “Hoof and Horn,” a simple green flag that represents Animal Farm. Meanwhile, the farmhouse is preserved as a museum and the three pigs (Snowball, Napoleon, and [[Squealer  oversee the farm\'s progression as it\'s operated entirely by animals. Jessie has birthed puppies, but Napoleon soon takes them, claiming that they need to be educated. It is also soon revealed that the pigs have taken the farm\'s milk and apples for themselves. Snowball feels guilty and ashamed of this action but none of the other pigs seem to feel the same way. Squealer soon explains that the pigs are the brains of the farm and that they need the milk and apples to stay healthy so they can watch over the farm. Squealer claims that if the pigs stopped eating the milk and apples, Jones would surely return. Jessie is skeptical of the pigs\' government of Animal Farm, but Boxer affirms that Napoleon is always right. Local farmer Mr. Pilkington decides that it is time to take the farm back from the animals and invades Animal Farm with other local farm workers. Snowball had planned for such an invasion and leads the animals to victory, causing the humans to retreat. Pilkington comments that, since they were unable to defeat the animals, they may “have to join them.” Snowball proposes that the animals build a windmill to make their farm work easier, but Napoleon and Squealer oppose the plan, declaring that arming the farm and feeding the animals is more important. When the animals show support for Snowball, Napoleon urinates on Snowball’s blueprints and calls a horde of dogs to chase Snowball out of Animal Farm. Jessie is shocked to see her own puppies, now almost fully grown, as part of Napoleon\'s private army of vicious dogs. Napoleon assumes Old Major’s place as his own and declares Snowball a “traitor and a criminal.” Squealer states that the windmill was Napoleon’s plan all along and that his cunning tactics revealed Snowball’s treachery. Napoleon announces that the pigs will “decide all aspects of the farm” from then on. The animals begin construction of the windmill under the strict supervision of the dogs of the Animal Guard. At night, Jessie finds Napoleon and Squealer in the farmhouse “behaving like men.” Mr. Pilkington soon begins to trade with the pigs. Although Boxer remembers Old Major mentioning that animals were not to engage in trade, Napoleon declares that “Animal Farm cannot exist in isolation” and that trades must begin with outside farmers. Napoleon also has the skull of Old Major placed in front of the barn to oversee the farm\'s progress. A statue of Napoleon has also been built nearby. Jessie confesses to the other animals that the pigs are living in the house and sleeping in the beds, Squealer points out that no commandment had been broken. He had, in fact, changed the commandment, ‘No animal shall sleep in a bed’ to, ‘No animal shall sleep in a bed with sheets.’ Angered by what Pilkington is trading with the animals on his farm, Jones sneaks to the windmill and blows it up with dynamite. When their truck is crushed by a falling boulder, they depart without anyone seeing them. The animals are devastated by the windmill’s destruction. Napoleon announces that it was Snowball had stolen the truck and sabotaged the windmill. The rebuilding process begins. Boxer is determined to finish before he retires. Squealer announces that “Beasts of the World” is banned, explaining that Animal Farm has been fully established and that the song\'s meaning is now irrelevant. A new song titled “Glorious Leader, Napoleon” is sung instead. Soon, the food dwindles to nothing for the working animals, while the pigs continue to fatten. It is declared one night after work that Snowball is causing the food shortage and that the hens will have to surrender their eggs to the market. When the hens oppose, Napoleon declares that the hens are all criminals and that no food will be given to them. The pigs produce propaganda films using Jones\' filming equipment. While celebrating Napoleon as a leader, at the same time, the films show the deaths of animals that have broken Napoleon’s rules. It is revealed that the commandment, ‘No animal shall kill any other animal’ has been changed to, ‘No animal shall kill any other animal without cause.’ The commandment, ‘No animal shall drink alcohol,’ was also changed to, ‘No animal shall drink alcohol to excess,’ after the pigs began to buy whiskey from Pilkington. Carting extra stones to the almost-complete windmill, Boxer collapses to the ground. Squealer informs Jessie that Napoleon will be sending Boxer to the hospital for treatment. A van comes take Boxer away, but it is marked with the words "Horse Slaughterer" and Boxer is taken to his death. Napoleon is paid for selling Boxer to the glue factory. In a propaganda film, Squealer assures the animals that the van did belong to the hospital, but, at one time, had been owned by the glue factory, and, thus, the old painting had not been removed. Pilkington and his wife visit Animal Farm for dinner with the pigs in the farmhouse. Napoleon announces that the farm will return to its original name, Manor Farm, since that is its proper name. Watching through a warped glass window, Jessie sees the faces of the two distorted in such a way that she can\'t tell the difference between Napoleon and Pilkington. The commandment ‘All animals are equal\' has been changed to ‘All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others.’ The animals depart Manor Farm as the propaganda film displays the performance of a new song written for Napoleon which features the recurring phrase, "Napoleon, Mighty Leader!" During the performance, Napoleon is seen wearing clothes and standing on two legs. The animals around Napoleon chant, "Four legs good, two legs better!" Napoleon decrees the Manor Farm will build weapons and walls to continue their way of life. He declares the revolution over and announces, "All animals are now free!" The film then returns to the present, with Jessie and the other animals - having reunited with Snowball - returning to Manor Farm. Jessie knows in her heart that Napoleon has died “a victim of his own madness.” Manor Farm is derelict and largely abandoned. Jessie cannot believe that this was once the same place “where Old Major had spoken of his dream” and where they had “worked so hard for a better life.” One of Jessie’s puppies has survived the tragedy. The farm is bought by a new family. Jessie vows that the animals will “not allow them to make the same mistakes.” She says that they will work together to rebuild the farm and that now, at last, they are finally free.'] ['Vanessa Snyder  is an admired eighth grader in her school. She has a loving single mother, Barbara , who is proud of her well-placed daughter. Vanessa is also "in" with the popular clique, led by her best friend Stacy Larson , the queen bee, and Nikki Rodriguez , who is secretly jealous of Stacy and Vanessa\'s closeness. On the exterior of the circle is the outsider, Emily , and the wannabe, Tiffany , who is dying to make it into the crowd. One day, Nikki tricks Vanessa into getting close to Tony , a boy whom Stacy  has a crush on. A web of lies, nasty rumors, and manipulation ensues, and Vanessa is ostracized by the clique for "backstabbing" Stacy. Nikki gets Tiffany accepted into the clique, and Tiffany becomes Nikki\'s sidekick at poisoning others against Vanessa. Although Nikki is the main bully, Stacy plays her part by pretending she\'s still Vanessa\'s friend and not stopping the attacks. The girls spread stories about a summer fling, shoplifting and stuffing her bra, among others. Vanessa is slowly pushed out of class activities, called names, socially isolated and the worst, her tormentors create a webpage that bashes her. Emily tries to convince Vanessa not to go running back to the clique, but Vanessa keeps attempting to seek reconciliation with Stacy, to disastrous results. One night, Vanessa has a nervous breakdown and chops most of her hair off. Then she starts skipping school, fearing the agony in the hallways. Stacy offers a fake truce to Vanessa, making it look like Vanessa copied one of Stacy\'s assignments when it was in fact vice versa. Once Barbara sees printed-out comments on Vanessa\'s hair, she tries to help by informing the school about the bullying, to no avail as they\'re unable to take disciplinary action against non-physical bullying. Barbara even tries to talk to Stacy\'s mother, Denise  but only ends up straining their friendship. Vanessa\'s spirits are suddenly lifted when Stacy invites her to her birthday party. After preparing, she arrives at a club, which is not the site of the party--it turns out there was no party at all. When discovering this, Vanessa goes ballistic and takes an overdose of her mother\'s sleeping pills, but survives and only passes out. In the hospital, Barbara reveals to her daughter that she was also emotionally bullied when she was a teenager, which caused her to encourage Vanessa to stay friends with Stacy. She says that she never dealt with it herself and wished Vanessa would learn self-defense. During a class session, Emily accuses Stacy of nearly killing Vanessa by her actions. She is also the only one of Vanessa\'s classmates to visit her in the hospital and befriend her. Back home, Barbara spots malicious instant messages popping up on Vanessa\'s computer and sends them to the principal. The culprits, Nikki, Tiffany, and a boy named Ezra  would be expelled and not graduate if they deny that they cyber-bullied Vanessa. When Vanessa returns to school, Stacy convinces her that she\'s sorry about the bullying, reuniting them both. They IM each other about how great it is to be best friends again. Then graduation day comes and the final conflict happens when after the ceremony, Nikki and Tiffany read aloud the chat between Vanessa and Stacy, which Stacy had sent to Nikki, and which Nikki had printed out. Vanessa confronts Stacy in front of the whole class, bringing everything down on her and sees right through her offer of false friendship. Humiliated, Stacy flees the school in tears and her two "henchwomen", Nikki and Tiffany, are left powerless without a leader. The class applauds Vanessa as she hugs Emily, the only true friend she\'s ever had. Barbara, who has witnessed the whole exchange, watches with pride as they both leave for an after-party, permanently disbanding the bullying clique.'] ["In the 1920s, impoverished horror writer Randolph Carter rents a room from Mrs. Caprezzi, an elderly land lady. Not long after settling into the shabby and almost bare room, he discovers a pool of ammonia on the floor that has leaked down from the room above. Mrs. Caprezzi, while cleaning up the ammonia, regales Randolph with strange stories of Dr. Muñoz , the eccentric old gentleman who lives in the room upstairs. Later, Randolph suffers a heart attack and painfully makes his way to the doctor's room where he is treated with an unconventional medicine and makes a remarkable recovery. Befriending the doctor, Carter soon discovers the awful truth about the doctor's condition, why his room is kept intensely cold, and the fragile line that separates life and death."] ['United States Navy sailors David Herdeg and Jim Parker are assigned to the destroyer escort USS Eldridge during a project to make it invisible to radar. The ship is in Philadelphia harbor, filled with equipment from a team led by Dr. James Longstreet. During the experiment the equipment begins malfunctioning and crewmen are suffering throughout the ship. Jim tries to turn off the equipment at the main switch but receives an electric shock. Unable to do anything, the two men jump overboard. They fly through a time vortex instead of landing in the harbor. Observers simply see the ship disappear. David and Jim land in the middle of a small town  and are caught in a helicopter spotlight. They run and climb over a tall fence. After making their way through the desert at night, they find a highway. David picks up an empty bottle of German beer and Jim finds an aluminum Coca Cola can, marveling at its lightness. David identifies the rusted remains of a 1930s Chevrolet, and they follow the highway to a diner. Learning that they are in Nevada, David makes a phone call while Jim is intrigued by the television. He is feeling the side effects from his electric shock. There is also a mysterious electric storm affecting the area as well as Jim. David is waiting to use the phone while a young woman, Allison Hayes, is talking to someone about a job interview. She is upset that the job she was driving to interview for had already been filled by another applicant. Jim inadvertently electrocutes an arcade game and the upset diner owner grabs a revolver, demanding Jim pay for the damages. David grabs the gun and the men run, taking Allison\'s 1976 Ford Torino. Since he is unfamiliar with the car\'s automatic transmission, he takes Allison as a hostage and driver. They escape the diner and start quizzing Allison, finding out it is 1984. Most importantly, they ask who won the war. They reach a city, where Jim and David are shocked by modern society. The police catch them and Jim is hospitalized. David and Allison speak with the doctor. David explains their time travel, assuming it is a common modern occurrence, but realizes the doctor doesn\'t believe him. Jim eventually dissolves in a sizzle of plasma-like energy. David and Allison then evade Naval Security, who have arrived to take David into custody. At a motel they call Jim\'s family, who live in California on a ranch. David hears a familiar voice and hangs up, becoming despondent and angry; Allison is ready to leave him when he convinces her he needs her help. He sees President Ronald Reagan in a news conference and wonders if it is a movie. The next day they drive to California. They reach the Parker ranch and knock. Jim\'s 1943 girlfriend Pamela recognizes David. She says Jim came back and was hospitalized for telling the truth about what happened. David asks about himself and finds out he never came back. A lot of the men on the Eldridge were burned and many died. David sees Jim in the distance riding a horse, but Jim refuses to look at David. David and Allison see military police approaching, but after hiding David sneaks into their car and extracts documentation to find out what the military wants. Dr. Longstreet has been investigating a mystery at the Nevada military base. A town has disappeared, but a piece of the Eldridge is found in the desert. They fire a camera probe into the vortex in the sky. Before the signal is cut off, the camera shows the "town" and the Eldridge. David is able to get back onto the base the two men landed in the day before. Dr. Longstreet is there and tells the guards to let David in and shows him the situation. David realizes that Longstreet is still experimenting with the same concept, this time to protect a "town" from ICBM attack. The same problem happens, but although they shut down their generators, the "town" did not reappear. Longstreet theorizes there is still a generator running somewhere in hyperspace on the Eldridge. According to history, the Eldridge reappeared when David shut down the generator. Longstreet says that unless the vortex is closed it will destroy the Earth. David must go through the vortex and return to the Eldridge. Allison urges David not to do it, but he volunteers and is outfitted in an astronaut-type suit to protect him. He is driven out and catapulted into the vortex. David lands on the deck of the Eldridge where he finds the crew in agony, some fused into the ship\'s hull. He hurries to the generator room and begins smashing equipment. The generator shuts down and David looks for Jim. Assured that he is fine, David jumps over the side of the ship and disappears. The Eldridge reappears in Philadelphia harbor. Forty-one years later, the "town" reappears. Allison steals a jeep to drive to it. She calls out and David reappears, proclaiming, "the way I see it, the Navy owes me 40 years back pay."'] ['The film focuses on 15-year-old Billy Casper, who has little hope in life and is bullied, both at home by his physically and verbally abusive half-brother, Jud, and at school. He is mischievous, stealing eggs and milk from milk floats, has difficulty paying attention in school, and is often provoked into tussles with classmates. Billy comes over as an emotionally neglected boy with little self-respect. Billy\'s mother refers to him in the film as a "hopeless case". His father left the family some time ago. The film shows scenes of Billy\'s school; the headmaster canes a group of boys who were caught smoking. One scene of comic relief in an otherwise bleak film is of a gym teacher taking part in a football game, fantasising about himself as Bobby Charlton and commentating on the match. Outside cadging money and daydreaming at school, Billy has no positive interests. His greatest fear is ending up working down the pit as a coal miner , but he has no apparent escape route until he finds an outlet through training a kestrel that he takes from a nest on a farm. His interest in learning falconry prompts Billy to steal a book on the subject from a secondhand book shop, as he is underage and cannot get a borrower\'s card from the public library. As the relationship between Billy and "Kes", the kestrel, improves during the training, so does Billy\'s outlook and horizons. For the first time in the film, Billy receives praise, from his English teacher after delivering an impromptu talk on his relationship with the bird. Jud leaves money and instructions for Billy to place a bet on two horses, but Billy spends the money on chips and on meat for his bird, after having been told that the horses are unlikely to win. However, the horses do win . Furious at Billy and unable to find him, Jud takes revenge by killing his kestrel, whose body Billy retrieves from the bin. After showing the kestrel to Jud and his mother, Billy buries his kestrel in the garden.'] ['{{expand section}} Yancy Cravat ([[Richard Dix  moves his wife Sabra  and their family from Wichita, Kansas to the Oklahoma territory, which the U.S. government has opened up for settlement. Cravat is a lawyer and newspaper editor who quickly becomes a leading citizen of the boomtown settlement of Osage, but when he disappears to settle the new Cherokee Strip, his wife must fend for herself.'] ['With the rise of Hitler, Sol Nazerman , a German-Jewish university professor, was dragged to a concentration camp along with his family. He saw his two children die  and his wife raped by Nazi officers in the camp. Now he operates a pawnshop in East Harlem, while living in an anonymous Bronx high-rise apartment. Numbed by his experiences, he has worked hard not to experience emotions.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stidFull%20Synopsis |title2009-03-08 |workTurner Classic Movies }} Nazerman is bitter and alienated, viewing the people around him as "rejects, scum." Nazerman learns that Rodriguez , a racketeer who uses the pawnshop as a front, makes his money through prostitution. He recalls his wife\'s degradation and wants no part of it. This results in a clash with Rodriguez, who threatens to kill Nazerman. Meanwhile Ortiz, his feelings hurt when Nazerman says that Ortiz means nothing to him, spitefully arranges for the pawnshop to be robbed by a neighborhood gang. During the robbery, Nazerman refuses to hand over his money. Ortiz takes the gang member\'s bullet intended for Nazerman, and dies in Nazerman\'s arms in the street.'] ["When a bus crashes due to faulty brakes, passenger Jim Ackland  sustains a serious brain injury and a young girl under his care is killed. Guilt-ridden, he attempts suicide twice during his recovery. He starts a new job as an industrial chemist and gets a room in a hotel. When he reluctantly accepts an invitation for a night out, he meets Jenny Carden , the sister of his co-worker, Harry . They begin seeing each other quite regularly. Things reach the point where he confesses he wants to marry her, but he tells her he wants to be sure he has fully recovered first. Molly Newman , one of the other hotel residents, asks to borrow £30 from him, a rather substantial sum. As he doesn't have that much on him, Jim good-naturedly writes her a cheque. She is found strangled the next night. Wilcox , the married businessman Molly had been seeing, has an alibi. Jim admits to have been walking in the vicinity of the murder site; that plus the cheque and his head injury make him the prime suspect. Police Inspector Godby  suspects he was another of Molly's boyfriends and that, after falling in love with Jenny, he wanted to rid himself of a possible blackmailer. When Jim learns that Mr. Peachy, the person who lived in the room directly below Molly's, had told the police that Jim was in her room every night, Jim confronts him in his room. Peachy brazenly admits killing Molly, confident that there is no evidence against him. Peachy had regularly given her money; when Jim made her a loan, it had given rise to an insane jealousy, with fatal results. Jim goes to the police, but they do not believe him. When they come to take him into custody, Jim flees. He follows Peachy to London, then discovers from a tag on Peachy's luggage that he intends to flee the country by plane. He phones Godby with the flight information, but when that has no effect, contemplates suicide again. Fortunately, a letter Molly had posted to Wilcox just before her death incriminates Peachy. Jenny finds Jim and gives him the good news."] ['In this philosophical coming-of-age film, an aging Julius Caesar takes possession of the Egyptian capital city of Alexandria, and tries to resolve a feud between young Princess Cleopatra and her younger brother Ptolemy. During the resulting sometimes-murderous court-intrigues, Caesar develops a special relationship with Cleopatra, and teaches her how to use her royal power.'] ['Angie  is an office worker who lives in the Bensonhurst section of Brooklyn, New York and dreams of a better life. After learning that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Vinnie , she decides that she will have the baby, but not Vinnie as a husband. This turns the entire neighborhood upside down and starts her on a journey of self discovery, including a love affair with a man named Noel  she meets at an art museum. Even her best friend Tina  has trouble understanding Angie.'] ['{{Plot}} Tom Oakley is a reclusive old man living in an English countryside village in September 1939. World War II has just started, and he is forced by the local billeting officer to house an evacuee from London. Tom doesn\'t want to, complaining that he doesn\'t know about children of the boy\'s age. The evacuee is nine-year-old William "Willie" Beech, a shy boy who behaves strangely, not eating much and being very shy. He arrives in the village by steam train with a group of other evacuees. Tom leaves Will alone for a while as he goes and complains to Mrs Ford, the billeting officer. Will goes to the local churchyard, where he looks at a beautiful gravestone with an angel sculpture, and meets his future schoolteacher, Mrs Hartridge, and her husband, a pilot. They leave, and he then meets Sammy, a collie, who terrifies him. Will picks up a spade, and, before he can strike, Tom stops him, explaining that Sammy is his dog. Later, Tom unwittingly scares Will whilst stirring the coals in the fireplace with a red hot poker. Will is scared, and faints, under the misapprehension that Tom is going to beat or brand him with it. Whilst unpacking Will\'s things, Tom finds a letter from Will\'s mother, saying that he is a \'sinful\' boy, and that she has packed a belt in case he misbehaves. The next day, Will wakes up to find he has wet the bed, as he often did back in London. When Tom tells him to take his wet pyjamas off, it is revealed, to the camera only, that Will has belt marks on his back. Later, they go to the post office, where Will meets Zacharias "Zach" Wrench, a Jewish boy of around the same age, who he makes friends with. Zach is billeted with Dr Little and his wife, who are Tom\'s friends. His dad works as a fireman. Tom asks Mrs Fletcher, his neighbour and friend, to talk to her knitting club and help rustle up some clothing for Will, who only has one set of clothes. Mrs Fletcher sends her boys round old clothes for William. When William changes into the clothes, Tom sees the belt marks on his back and realises the extent of William\'s abuse. In his fury, he throws away the belt Will\'s mother sent. Mrs Fletcher sends her boys round to help with Tom\'s new Anderson shelter.Will helps out too, but wears a sweater, not only to avoid dirtying his new shirt but to conceal the belt marks. Afterwards, Tom goes to do volunteer work in the church, showing that the better side of him is coming out. One day, Will plays Tom\'s small organ, which belonged to Rachel, his dead wife. However, Tom doesn\'t like anybody touching the instrument because it brings back bad memories and warns Will not to touch it without his permission. Later that day, they go fishing, and Will brings along Zach and some other children, who he makes friends with, including two girls called Ginnie and Carrie. Not long after, the summer holidays stop. Will has to go to school, which he has been dreading. As it turns out, though, Will meets Zach there and becomes friendly with some other boys, too. On his first lesson, he is put in a lower class, with much younger children, because he is illiterate. When he gets home, he tells Tom who, when informed by Mrs Hartridge why this has happened, takes it upon himself to teach Will, so that he can be in the class he wants to. Will is a clever boy, and he learns well and quickly. Tom is astounded to discover that, despite not knowing how to write, Will can draw a near-perfect straight line without a ruler. As he spends more time with the pencil, Will uncovers his secret talent for drawing and painting. One morning, Tom is placing flowers on the graves of his dead wife and son, when suddenly, he meets William, who is in his pyjamas. Tom explains to Will how his wife Rachel and his son, Will , died of scarlatina while he was away fighting in World War I more than 20 years earlier. On their headstone it says that they both died in 1917. Will explains that he came to tell how he did not wet the bed that night. Tom is as delighted as Will himself and has, by now, become a genuine father-figure to the boy. On the day of Will\'s birthday, Tom surprises him by revealing that he has organised a surprise party. Tom, Sammy, Mrs Fletcher, the Littles, Zach, Ginnie, and Carrie are all there. In the jolly atmosphere of it all, Tom is persuaded by Mrs Fletcher to play his organ again, and gives a splendid performance of It\'s a Long Way To Tipperary. Then, when all the guests have given their presents and left, Tom gives Will the best present of all, a set of watercolours. The next day at school, Will is promoted to Mrs Hartridge\'s class to be with the children of his own age. Overjoyed, he runs to tell Tom the news, only to find another set of news from the billeting office - that his mother is ill and wants him back in London for a while to look after her. He must go, but is sad to do so. Promising to write letters, he says farewell to Tom and boards the train to London. When Will gets to London, he\'s picked up by his mother at the station, who does not seem pleased to see him. They get to the flat, where his mum tells him to be quiet, so that "no-one will know he\'s there". He is told that there is a surprise for him, a "present from Jesus". It is a baby girl. Mrs Beech\'s attitude to William is revealed as disdainful and waspish. When she hears that the belt has not been brought home, she smacks him, thinking that he deliberately left it behind, and sends him to his room. The next morning, William is greeted by an unusually friendly mum, and a meal of egg and toast. But again, Will\'s mum later loses her temper, thinking that Will stole the picture he painted and the watercolours and other presents she finds in his bag. Will truthfully tells her that he got them as gifts from his friends, who he tells her about. She is angry to hear that some of them are girls, and demands to know if they go to church. Will responds that they do, apart from Zach because he is Jewish and there isn\'t a synagogue in the village. Mrs Beech is an anti-semite and, after calling Will a blasphemer when he points out that Jesus was a Jew, locks him in a cupboard under the stairs. Over the following days, Tom thinks Will has forgot about him, until he finds the belt dug in the mud and decides that Will is in danger. He travels to London, where he meets an ARP Warden who promises to help him find Will. They get to the house, where they meet Mrs Beech\'s neighbour, who tells them that Mrs Beech has apparently gone to the coast, and that Will has been evacuated to the country . Sammy smells something in the house. They break down the door and, when inside, find Will and the baby. Will lets the baby  be held by Tom, who then passes her on to a policeman. It is revealed that the baby is, in fact, dead. Whilst in hospital, Will constantly wakes up screaming from a terrible nightmare. Tom visits, and meets the suspicious Dr Stelton, a psychiatrist who wants Will be taken to "the children\'s home", most likely a mental hospital, which Tom does not think is a good idea. Will has a haircut so that the wounds on his head can heal. Tom, meanwhile, has concocted a plan. He retrieves Will\'s belongings from the house and sneaks into the hospital when it is less busy that night. When he is sure that there are no staff about, he kidnaps Will and takes him back to the village. Dr Little informs Will that he will recover fine physically. However, Will still has nightmares. Tom reveals the root of the nightmares. It seems that the nightmares are about Dr Stelton taking him away. After opening up and talking about the nightmares, Will finds that he doesn\'t have them anymore. Later, Zach visits, with the news that Mrs Hartridge has had her baby, but that her husband is feared dead after being shot down in his plane. The baby girl is called Peggy. In the news, the East End of London has been blitzed by the Luftwaffe. Zach\'s father has been working there as an auxiliary fireman. Also, Tom and Will soon have some visitors: a policeman, Mrs Ford , Dr Stelton, and Mr Greenway, a stern-looking man from the Home Office. They are here to inform Will that his mother is dead, and that they wish to take Will to the children\'s home in Sussex. Mr Greenway talks to Tom in the garden. Mr Greenway, who is not very emotional, is baffled as to why Tom wants to keep Will. Tom explains that it\'s because he loves him. At last, Mr Greenway gives in, to the annoyance of Dr Stelton, and Tom adopts Will officially and legally to the joy of both of them. Zach, meanwhile, is packing. He has to go and see his father who has been injured by a bomb in the East End. Will is sad but later in the week he finds out that Mrs Hartridge\'s husband is, in fact, a prisoner of war and not dead. This excites everyone, but then Will turns sad again when Mrs Little reveals a week later that Zach has been killed in a bombing. Will doesn\'t go to school, loses his appetite, and doesn\'t talk to anyone, not even Tom. To cheer him up, Tom gives Zach\'s red bike to Will, which he always used to ride. But Will is still silent, so Tom takes him back to Rachel\'s grave, declaring that when someone dies, they\'re not really gone as they\'re still in your memory, just like Rachel and John are to him. Will understands, and learns to ride Zach\'s bike. The film concludes with him confidently riding the bike down a hill towards Tom, where at the bottom they hug and Will exclaims "I can ride, Dad! I can really ride!".'] ['A group of junkies, alcoholics and drag queens lead dead-end lives, an existence of drugs, crime and violence in a working class Brooklyn neighborhood.'] ['The film begins following the British victory of the First Opium War and the seizure of Hong Kong. Although the island is largely uninhabited and the terrain unfriendly, it has a large port that both the British government and various trading companies believe will be useful for the import of merchandise to be traded on mainland China, a highly lucrative market. Although the film features many characters, it is arguably Dirk Struan and Tyler Brock, former shipmates and the owners of two massive  trading companies who are the main focal points of the story. Their rocky and often abusive relationship as seamen initiated an intense amount of competitive tension. Throughout, both men seek to destroy each other in matters of business and personal affairs. Struan is referred to as Tai-Pan  indicating his position as head of the largest and most profitable of all the trading companies operating in Asia. Brock, owner of the second largest of the trading companies, constantly vies to destroy Struan\'s company and reputation in an attempt to both exact revenge on Struan and become the new "Tai-Pan" of Chinese trade. While the film follows a similar structure as the novel, one major and notable event is left out. Struan\'s meeting with Jin Qua early in the film to obtain the forty lac dollars of silver to pay Brock omits Jin Qua\'s stipulation that four special coins be broken in half, with Struan keeping four halves and the other four being distributed by Jin Qua. When a half coin is presented to Struan that matches his own half, he is obligated to do a favor to the bearer. The first favor is called in later in the novel, by the pirate Wu Kwok. The film does not convey this.'] ['With a view to escaping his employers\' daughter, who has amorous designs on him, Dr Simon Sparrow  signs on as medical officer on a cargo ship, "SS Lotus". The ship is commanded by hot-tempered and authoritarian Captain Wentworth Hogg. Sparrow overcomes initial seasickness and settles into life on board. After arriving in a South American port , Sparrow meets Hélène Colbert , a sexy young French nightclub singer. The misogynist Captain Hogg is forced to take on two female passengers, Muriel Mallet , the daughter of the chairman of the shipping company, and her friend, Hélène, for the return trip. Romance blossoms between Simon and Hélène, and when they reach home, Helene receives a telegram offering her a job in Rio de Janeiro. She and Sparrow return together. Throughout the trip, Hogg has been romanced by Muriel and eventually becomes engaged to her - with almost certain promotion to Commodore.'] ['Taking place in the Southern United States during the early 1900s to mid-1930s, the movie tells the life of a poor African American woman, Celie Harris , whose abuse begins when she is young. By the time she is fourteen, she has already had two children by her father . He takes them away from her at childbirth and forces the young Celie  to marry a wealthy young local widower Albert Johnson, known to her only as "Mister" , who treats her like a slave. Albert makes her clean up his disorderly household and take care of his unruly children. Albert beats her often, intimidating Celie into submission and near silence. Celie\'s sister Nettie  comes to live with them, and there is a brief period of happiness as the sisters spend time together and Nettie begins to teach Celie how to read. This is short-lived, however; after Nettie refuses Albert\'s predatory affections once too often, he kicks her out. Before being run off by Albert, Nettie promises to write to Celie. Albert\'s old flame, the jazz singer Shug Avery , for whom Albert has carried a torch for many years, comes to live with him and Celie. Delirious with sickness, Shug initially regards Celie  as "ugly" on their first meeting. Despite this, they eventually become close friends and Shug helps Celie raise her self-confidence. Shug and Celie also enter into an affair .{{cite news}} Celie also finds strength in Sofia , who marries Albert\'s son Harpo . Sofia has also suffered abuse from the men in her family, but unlike Celie, she refuses to tolerate it. This high-spiritedness proves to be her downfall, however, as a rude remark to the town mayor\'s wife and a retaliatory punch to the mayor himself ends with Sofia beaten and jailed. Nettie, meanwhile, has been living with missionaries in Africa and writing to Celie often. Unbeknownst to her, Albert confiscates Nettie\'s letters, telling Celie that she will never hear from her sister again. During a visit from Shug and her new husband, Grady, Celie and Shug discover many years\' worth of Nettie\'s correspondence. Reconnecting with her sister and the assurance that she is still alive helps give Celie the strength to stand up to Albert. She almost slits his throat while shaving him, but is stopped by Shug. During a family dinner, Sofia is shown to be prematurely aged and permanently disfigured due to the severe beatings she received in jail, and demoralized into an almost catatonic state. During that time, Celie finally asserts herself, excoriating Albert and his father. Shug informs Albert that she and Grady are leaving, and that Celie and Harpo\'s girlfriend Squeak  are coming with them. Despite Albert\'s attempts to verbally abuse Celie into submission, she stands up to him by mentioning that he kept Nettie away from her because Nettie was the only one who really loved her. Before she leaves him permanently, she tells him that until he does the right thing, everything he does will go wrong. After seeing Celie stand up for herself, Sofia returns to her normal self, laughing hysterically at a dumbfounded and embarrassed Albert. She also encourages Celie not to follow in her own footsteps, as Celie holds a knife to Albert\'s throat. In Tennessee, Celie opens a haberdashery selling "one size fits all" slacks. Upon the death of her father, she learns that he was, in fact, her stepfather, and that she has inherited a house and shop from her real father. She opens her second slack shop next to her home named Miss Celie\'s Pants, while Harpo and Sofia reconcile. Meanwhile, Albert is feeling the effects of Celie\'s words. His fields and home languish into almost nonexistence as he slips into alcohol-fueled idleness, spending most of his time at Harpo\'s speakeasy. At one point, his father is seen suggesting that he find a new wife, but Albert casually grabs his father by the arm and turns him off his property. Years of guilt finally catch up with him, with the knowledge that he has been a horrible person most of his life, especially to Celie. In a sudden act of kindness unknown to her, Albert takes all the money he has saved over the years, goes down to the immigration office, and arranges a family reunion with Nettie for Celie. Her children, Adam and Olivia, who were raised in Africa, are also reunited with her. Albert looks on from a distance, and Shug smiles at him because he finally did the right thing. Nettie and Celie play their childhood clapping game as the sun sets.'] ['12-year-old J.J. Somerled runs away because his mother died and is placed in the care of an abusive foster mother. He takes his electronic keyboard, and lives in Central Park in New York City. He learns a lot, and meets a lot of people there including a person called "The Guardian" .'] ['Set in 1964 at a Catholic church in the Bronx, New York, the film opens with the progressive-minded Father Flynn  giving a sermon on the nature of doubt, noting that, like faith, it can be a unifying force. The next evening, Sister Aloysius , the strict and conservative principal of the attached school, discusses the sermon with her fellow nuns, the Sisters of Charity of New York. She asks if anyone has observed unusual behavior that would inspire Father Flynn to preach about doubt, and instructs them to keep their eyes open should any such behavior occur in the future. Sister James ([[Amy Adams , a young and naïve teacher, observes the closeness between Father Flynn and Donald Miller, the school\'s only black student and an altar boy. One day during class, Sister James receives a call asking for Donald Miller to meet Father Flynn in the rectory. When he returns, Donald is distraught and Sister James notices the smell of alcohol on his breath. Later, while her students are learning a dance in the gymnasium, she sees Father Flynn placing a white shirt in Donald\'s locker. Sister James reports her observations to Sister Aloysius. Under the pretext of discussing the school\'s upcoming Christmas pageant, Sisters Aloysius and  James voice their suspicions that Father Flynn\'s relationship with Donald may be inappropriate. Several times Father Flynn asks them to leave the matter alone as a private issue between the boy and himself, but Sister Aloysius persists. Finally, he is pressured into admitting that Donald had been caught drinking altar wine, and he had promised Donald not to tell anyone about the incident. Having now been forced to break that promise and reveal the truth, he will need to dismiss Donald as an altar boy, which he had been trying to avoid. Before leaving, Father Flynn tells Sister Aloysius he is displeased with her handling of the situation. His next sermon regards gossip and how it is easily spread. Initially, Sister James is relieved and convinced of Father Flynn\'s innocence, but Sister Aloysius\'s belief that he has behaved inappropriately with Donald is unshakable. Sister James later asks Father Flynn about the shirt she saw him leaving in Donald\'s locker, having not revealed this detail to Sister Aloysius. They discuss his relationship with the boy. Father Flynn offers a reasonable explanation for the situation and Sister James\'s doubts are assuaged. Sister Aloysius meets with Donald Miller\'s mother regarding her suspicions. Mrs. Miller  shocks Sister Aloysius with her disinterest in the alleged misconduct on Father Flynn\'s part. As far as she is concerned Donald need only last to the end of the school year, as graduation from a prestigious church school would increase his chances of going to a decent high school. It is hinted that Donald is homosexual and revealed that his father is abusive, with the implication that one causes the other. Mrs. Miller begs that Sister Aloysius drop the matter, feeling that Father Flynn is a source of inspiration to Donald and a shield from the abuse he receives at home. She becomes angry when Sister Aloysius refuses to compromise and threatens to throw Donald out of the school. Mrs. Miller believes that Donald would be punished for a thing he was not the cause of. Despite having no evidence and no support from anyone, Sister Aloysius again confronts Father Flynn and demands that he tell her the truth; otherwise, she will go to the Bishop. Father Flynn is adamant that there is no illicit relationship, but Sister Aloysius has learned that he has a history of problems, having moved between three different parishes in the last five years. She tells him that she has contacted a nun from one of his prior churches , who corroborated her suspicions. Father Flynn is furious that she has contacted a nun rather than the church\'s pastor, which is proper church protocol. Sister Aloysius tells him he doesn\'t deserve to wear the collar, and asks for his resignation. Unable to stand up to her determination to ruin his reputation, he succumbs to her demands. Following his final sermon, Father Flynn steps down from the pulpit and shakes hands with the members of the congregation. Some time later, Sisters Aloysius and James are sitting together in the church garden. Sister Aloysius tells Sister James that although Father Flynn resigned, the bishop has appointed him to pastor at a larger church and its parochial school, in essence promoting him to a more prestigious position. She then admits she lied about speaking to a nun at Father Flynn\'s former church, and thus drove him out with no more than her suspicions; her justification is that if Father Flynn truly were innocent, he would not have given in. Repeating a line from earlier in the film, Sister Aloysius says that "in the pursuit of wrongdoing, one steps away from God." Sister Aloysius concludes that one also pays a price in pursuing wrongdoing. She breaks down in tears and says to Sister James: "I have doubts...I have such doubts." And with no actual proof that Father Flynn is or is not innocent, the audience is left with its own doubt.'] ["A Scotsman named Gerald MacTeam  abruptly breaks off his engagement to pretty Kitty  after receiving word of his uncle's death. He inherits a mysterious castle in the Scottish highlands and moves there to live with the castle servants. Kitty refuses to accept the broken engagement and travels with her aunt  to the castle. When they arrive, they discover that Gerald has suddenly aged and his manner has changed significantly. After a series of mysterious events occur in both the castle and the hedge maze outside, they invite a group of friends, including a doctor, to the castle in the hopes that they can help Gerald with whatever ails him. Although the friends are equally concerned by Gerald's behavior, they are at a loss to its cause. One night, Kitty and her aunt steal a key to their bedroom door  and sneak out into the mysterious maze. There they discover Gerald and his servants tending to a frog-like monster. The monster panics upon seeing the strangers and runs back to the castle, hurling itself from a top-story balcony. At the end, Gerald explains that the amphibious creature was the actual master of the castle and that he and his ancestors were merely its servants. The death of the creature releases him from his obligation and he is able to return to a normal life."] ['The story is set in 1917, before and during American involvement in World War I, in the central California coastal towns of Monterey and Salinas. Cal  and Aron  are the sons of a modestly successful farmer and wartime draft board chairman named Adam Trask . Cal is moody and embittered by his belief that his father favors Aron. Although both Cal and Aron had long been led to believe that their mother had died "and gone to heaven", the opening scene reveals that Cal has apparently learned that his mother is still alive, owning and running a successful brothel in nearby Monterey. After the father\'s idealistic plans for a long-haul vegetable shipping business venture end in a loss of thousands of dollars, Cal decides to enter the bean-growing business, as a way of recouping the money his father lost in the vegetable shipping venture. He is advised that if the United States enters the war, the price of beans will skyrocket. Cal hopes this will finally earn him the love and respect of his father. He goes to his mother Kate  to ask to borrow the capital he needs. She reluctantly lends him $5,000. Meanwhile, Aron\'s girlfriend Abra  gradually finds herself attracted to Cal, who seems to reciprocate her feelings. Cal\'s business goes well, and he decides to give the money to Adam at a surprise birthday party for his father, which he and Abra plan together. As the party gets underway, Aron suddenly announces that he and Abra are engaged. While Adam is openly pleased with the news, both Abra and Cal are uneasy, having recently discovered a mutual attraction for one another is emerging, despite their suppressed feelings. Cal makes a surprise birthday present of the money to his father; however, Adam refuses to accept any money earned by what he regards as war profiteering. Cal does not understand, and sees his father\'s refusal to accept the gift as just another emotional rejection. When the distraught Cal leaves the room, Abra goes after him, to console him as best she can. Aron follows and orders Cal to stay away from her. In anger, Cal takes his brother to see their mother, then returns home alone. When his father demands to know where his brother is, Cal tells him. The shock drives Aron to get drunk and board a troop train to enlist in the army. When Sam , the sheriff, brings the news, Adam rushes to the train station in an attempt to dissuade him, but can only watch helplessly as his son steams away from him with his head out the rail car window, maniacally laughing at him. Adam suffers a stroke because of the incredible strain, leaving him paralyzed and unable to communicate. Cal and Abra enter the bedroom. Cal tries to talk to him, but gets no response and leaves the bedroom leaving Abra alone with Adam. Abra pleads with Adam to show Cal some affection before it is too late. She persuades Cal to go back into the room. When Cal makes his last bid for acceptance before leaving town, his father manages to speak. He tells his son to get rid of the annoying nurse and not to get anyone else, but to stay and take care of him himself. The film ends with Cal and Abra sitting by Adam\'s bedside.'] ['The ennui afflicted heir to a deposed European throne returns to his father’s house in West London to find that the neighborhood has become a slum. An ornithologist ill at ease with others, he finds his spy-glass wandering from birds to observe his neighbors. Strictly an observer at first, he increasingly becomes agitated as their lives are blighted by violence, poverty, and injustice. In particular he is moved by the plight of the pubescent Salambo Mardi and her family, beset by the rapist shop-keep Kowalski and the pimp Roscoe. Gradually he is stirred from his emotional detachment to try to assist her, a development that confuses, alarms, and angers his parasitic entourage; Margaret, his social climbing fiancé, Max, the shady family lawyer , David, his quack doctor, and Lazlo, the household manager and apparent leader of a secret society aiming to restore the dynasty.  A pacifist and liberal idealist with no interest in reigning, Leo is relieved when Lazlo confesses that the society is a fraud but furious when he discovers that he is the owner of the slum and his life of wealth and privilege has been paid for from its rents. The movie turns Marxist parable as Leo becomes the unlikeliest of revolutionaries, rallying the denizens of the slum with the aid of Salumbo and her charismatic working-class hero boyfriend Roscoe.  The intellectual and professional class  is quickly overcome, but the capitalists and petit bourgeoisie  prove tougher, fortifying themselves in Leo’s mansion. In the final cataclysm, Leo leads the mob in burning his own mansion to the ground, its occupiers surrendering and fleeing at the last moment. In the last line of dialogue, Roscoe  tells Leo: “Well, you didn’t change the world, did you?” Leo replies: “No, but we changed our street.” The victors laugh together and disperse. Leo wanders up to his old home and picks from the rubble one of his spy-glasses. Smiling happily he chucks it aside and skips merrily away.'] ["The film begins with the attempted assassination of State Police Captain Healy, while he is on a stakeout. Jesse is also wounded in the attack, but is able to get a couple shots off at the assailant and save Healy’s life. Healy winds up in the hospital and reveals to Jesse that he wasn’t on a stakeout, but that he was spying on his nephew, whom his mother believes is sleeping with his saxophone instructor. Jesse begins investigating the shooting despite protests from the Paradise town council. The town council members feel that the police department is already spread too thin and are becoming frustrated with Chief Stone. A main concern of theirs, and Internal Affairs, is the six shooting incidents he’s been involved in since his arrival in Paradise. The shooting incident with Captain Healy really ruffles their feathers because he wasn’t supposed to be out “moonlighting” with the state police. They also don’t like that Jesse ran Officer D'Angelo out of the department because he didn’t like him. The town council liked him very much because he wrote three times as many parking tickets as the other officers, and manned the speed trap into the town, bringing in substantial revenue for Paradise. Jesse refuses to have the speed trap manned, because he feels it is unethical, and eventually cuts down the tree that blocks the speed limit sign so the speed trap won’t work anymore. Meanwhile Jesse continues his regular phone calls with Jenn. She is contemplating moving in with Elliot, and Jesse tells her it would be unethical for her to move in with her producer. She hangs up on him. Jesse also continues his therapy, but Dr. Dix seems to be having trouble himself. He visits Jesse at his office and confesses that he misses being a cop. Seeing that Dix is in need of a friend, Jesse offers to buy him dinner. Jesse continues to investigate the shooting of Captain Healy despite being told not to. He questions Gino Fish about the shooting, but gets nothing. He also talks to Sister Mary John, who indicates that it may have been linked to underage prostitution, and gives him three names. Once again Jesse contacts Gino Fish, knowing his distaste for prostitution, and without diming the person out directly, Fish indicates to Jesse that he would focus his investigation on the second name Sister Mary John gave him, Teddy Leaf. Meanwhile Jesse begins sleeping with the Internal Affairs officer who is investigating him, Sidney Greenstreet. He uses his influence with her to get some information on Leaf, and begins following him. When he reveals this to Captain Healy, Healy gets very upset and tells Jesse not to pursue Leaf because he is extremely dangerous. Jesse ignores this and pursues him anyway, threatening Leaf in a bar bathroom. Greenstreet warns Jesse that he had better tread carefully, because she knows how he works: he sets people up. Jesse then gets Leaf to follow him to an apartment with Suitcase's help, and blindsides him. He ties him up in the apartment and anonymously calls the police who then bust him for breaking and entering, and carrying a weapon; both parole violations that get him locked up for a long time. Jesse figures this is better than nothing, since they can’t get him on the shooting."] ['Famed novelist Paul Sheldon  is the author of a successful series of novels involving a character called Misery Chastain. But Paul wants to branch out and has just finished the manuscript of a new unrelated novel. He departs from Silver Creek, Colorado to head to Los Angeles but is caught in a blizzard and his car goes off the road. He is rescued by a nurse named Annie Wilkes  and brought to her remote home. Both of Paul\'s legs are broken and he has a dislocated shoulder, so he is bedridden and incapacitated. Annie claims she is his "number one fan" and talks a lot about him and his novels. She\'s happy when Paul lets her read his new novel, but later admits she disliked the excessive swearing. While feeding him, she is angered and spills soup on him but regains control and apologizes. She buys a copy of Paul\'s latest book, Misery\'s Child, but after learning that he has "killed off" Misery, Annie flies into a rage, almost smashing a table on Paul\'s head. She reveals that nobody knows where he is . Annie leaves and Paul tries to escape from his room, but she has locked the door. The next morning, Annie makes Paul burn his latest manuscript. When he is well enough to get out of bed, she insists he write a new novel entitled Misery\'s Return in which he brings the character back to life. Paul reluctantly does, believing Annie might kill him otherwise. However, having found a means of escaping his room, he sneaks out whenever Annie is away and begins to stockpile his painkillers. He tries to kill Annie during a candlelit dinner, but is foiled when she accidentally spills her drugged wine. During another venture out of his room, Paul finds a scrapbook of newspaper clippings about his disappearance and Annie\'s past. He discovers that she was suspected and tried for several infants\' deaths. Later, Annie drugs Paul and straps him to the bed. When he wakes, she tells him that she knows he\'s been out of his room and breaks his ankles with a sledgehammer in an act of "hobbling". Meanwhile, the local sheriff, Buster , is investigating Paul\'s disappearance and visits Annie, prompted by his discovery of a quote she used from a Misery book during her trial years earlier. While there, Buster finds that Paul has been drugged and hidden in the basement. Annie fatally shoots Buster, and tells Paul that they must die together. He agrees, but says he wants to finish the novel and "give Misery back to the world". While she gets his chair, Paul hides a can of lighter fluid in his pants. When the book is done, he reminds Annie it is his practice to have a single cigarette and a glass of champagne after finishing a novel. When Annie presents these things to Paul, he tells her that this time, he will need a second glass, for her. As Annie goes to get a second glass, Paul douses the manuscript in the lighter fluid and as Annie returns with the glass, he sets it on fire, much as she made him do to his earlier, post-Misery novel. Paul and Annie engage in a fierce struggle that ends with Paul bludgeoning Annie to death. Eighteen months later, Paul  meets his publishing agent Marcia  in a restaurant. The two discuss his first non-Misery novel, titled The Higher Education of J. Philip Stone, which is earning critical acclaim prior to release, a first for him. However, Paul is indifferent to this because he wrote that novel for himself, something that, in a way, Annie inspired him to do. Marcia asks if he wants to write a non-fiction book about his captivity, but Paul is non-committal. While at the restaurant, he sees a waitress whom he briefly imagines as Annie. The waitress claims she is his "number one fan", to which Paul uncomfortably responds "That\'s very sweet of you."'] ["Daphne Fields is a world famous novelist from New York City who one night is hit by a car. She falls into a coma and her memory flashes back to eight years earlier, when she was happily married to Jeffrey and had a loving daughter, Aimee. Her perfect life had subsequently fallen into pieces when she suddenly loses her husband and daughter in a fire. Nine months later, she gives birth to a son, Andrew, who turns out to be deaf. Daphne decides to learn sign language and is tutored by Dr. Matthew Dane, an educator for the deaf. Inspired by her loss, she starts writing a novel called Autumn Years. Daphne grows to be an overprotective mother. Unwilling to enroll her son in a New York public school, she enters him in a special boarding school for deaf children, headed by Matthew Dane and located in New Hampshire. Able to focus on her freelance writing career, she makes her literary debut with a bestseller and hires her best friend Barbara as her assistant. She refuses to do any promotion or tours, though, so that she will be free to visit her son at any time. She often visits his school and grows close to its principal. She keeps herself from becoming involved with him, though, feeling that she should remain faithful to Jeffrey. Meanwhile, she learns that the rights of her second novel Apache have been sold and that it will be turned into a movie. She reluctantly heads to Hollywood, where she falls in love with Justin Wakefield, who is starring in the film adaption. After one romantic night, he tells her that he is in love with her. She loves him also, but soon notices that he takes little interest in her home life and is not enthusiastic about meeting Andrew. Nevertheless, she accepts his marriage proposal and considers locating to Los Angeles with her son. Upset over Justin's lifestyle, coming and going when he feels like it and refusing to be a traditional husband, Daphne breaks off the engagement. She returns home to declare her love to Matthew, but sees him with another woman and misinterprets their relationship. The flashbacks end and the movie forwards to the present. Matthew rushes to the hospital to see Daphne, who still is in a coma. As she awakens, he admits that he is in love with her, and they get engaged."] ['On the day of his only daughter\'s wedding, Vito Corleone  hears requests in his role as the Godfather, the Don of a New York crime family. Vito\'s youngest son Michael , in Marine Corps khakis, introduces his girlfriend, Kay Adams , to his family at the sprawling reception. Vito\'s godson Johnny Fontane , a popular singer, pleads for help in securing a coveted movie role, so Vito dispatches his consigliere Tom Hagen  to the abrasive studio head, Jack Woltz , to secure the casting. Woltz is unmoved until the morning he wakes up in bed with the severed head of his prized stallion. Shortly before Christmas 1945, drug baron Virgil "The Turk" Sollozzo , backed by the Corleones\' rivals, the Tattaglias, asks Vito for investment and protection through his political connections, but Vito disapproves of drug dealers. Instead, he sends his enforcer, Luca Brasi  to spy on them, but two fish are sent to the family wrapped in Brasi\'s vest, confirming he "sleeps with the fishes". An assassination attempt by Sollozzo\'s men lands Vito in the hospital, so eldest son, Sonny , takes command. Sollozzo kidnaps Hagen to pressure Sonny to accept his deal. Michael thwarts a second assassination attempt on his father at the hospital, but is accosted by corrupt police captain McCluskey , who breaks his jaw. Sonny retaliates by having Tattaglia\'s son killed. Michael comes up with a plan to hit Sollozzo and McCluskey that his brother approves over Hagen\'s objections: on the pretext of settling the dispute, Michael lures the pair to a restaurant, retrieves a planted handgun and murders them. Despite a clampdown from the authorities, the Five Families erupt in open warfare and the brothers fear for their safety. Michael takes refuge in Sicily, and Fredo  is sheltered by associate Moe Greene  in Las Vegas. Sonny attacks his brother-in-law Carlo on the street for abusing his sister Connie . When it happens again, Sonny speeds for her home but assassins ambush him at a highway toll booth and riddle him with machine gun fire. Vito is saddened to learn that, despite his hopes, Michael has become involved in the family business. However, Michael has fallen in love with Apollonia Vitelli  and married her in Sicily. His peace is shattered when a car bomb intended for him takes the life of his new wife. To end the feuds, Vito meets with the heads of the Five Families, withdrawing his opposition to the Tattaglias\' heroin business and swearing to forego revenge for Sonny\'s murder. He deduces that the Tattaglias were under orders of the now dominant Don Emilio Barzini . With his safety guaranteed, Michael returns home and over a year later marries Kay. Seeing his father at the end of his career and his surviving brother too weak, Michael takes the reins of the family and promises his wife to make it legitimate within five years. Biding his time, Michael allows rival families to pressure Corleone enterprises and plans to move family operations to Nevada, while delegating New York operations to members who stay behind. Michael also replaces Hagen with his father as his consigliere; Vito explains to an upset Hagen that they have long range plans for him in the family. When Michael travels to Las Vegas to buy out Greene\'s stake in the family\'s casinos, Greene derides the Corleones as a fading power. Michael\'s anger is fueled when Fredo falls under Greene\'s sway. Vito collapses and dies in his garden in 1955 while playing with Michael’s son Anthony. At the funeral, Salvatore Tessio  arranges a meeting between Michael and Don Barzini, signalling his treachery as Vito had warned. The meeting is set for the same day as the christening of Connie and Carlo\'s son, to whom Michael will stand as godfather. As the christening proceeds, Corleone assassins, acting on Michael\'s orders, murder the other New York dons and Moe Greene. Tessio is told that Michael is aware of his betrayal and taken off to his death. After Carlo is questioned by Michael on his involvement in setting up Sonny\'s murder and confesses he was contacted by Barzini, Peter Clemenza  kills him with a garrotte. Michael is confronted by Connie, who accuses him of having her husband killed. He denies killing Carlo when questioned by Kay, an answer she accepts. As Kay watches warily, Michael receives his capos, who address him as the new Don Corleone.'] ['John Thornton  a prospector in the 1897 Klondike Gold Rush is trying to eke out a living in the harsh conditions of the bitterly cold Yukon region of Canada, with Buck the German Shepherd dog he befriends. Thornton struggles against unscrupulous rivals and natural hazards in the extreme conditions and is greatly helped by Buck who has his own story to tell: he was abducted from a family home and taken north to become a working sled dog. Man and dog forge a true bond of friendship, working together to survive life in the treacherous frozen North. Thornton is killed by Yeehat Indians, but Buck kills the men to avenge Thornton. At the end of the film, Buck comes to the White River to mourn the place where he died.'] ["{{plot}} In a Los Angeles diner, tough private detective Mike Hammer  takes pity on Red , a young woman who has come from Nebraska to try to break into movies, but is now down on her luck. After Mike buys Red some soup, she is threatened by Louis , a thug, who tries to get her to leave with him. Mike beats up Louis, then provides Red with money for her bus fare back home and gives her his name and address so that she can let him know when she arrives. As they part, Mike notices a unique ring on Red's finger. A few hours later, police detective, Capt. Pat Chambers , questions Mike about Red, because his name was found among her belongings after she was killed in a hit-and-run car accident. When Pat shows Mike the girl's possessions, Mike realizes that the ring is missing and makes a sketch of it for Pat, who recognizes it. Pat then shows Mike photographs of the ring and other jewelry, explaining that it was part of the Venacci collection. He adds that the collection was stolen in Germany at the end of World War II by American intelligence officer Col. Holloway . Both the French and American governments caught up with Holloway, and he served ten years in prison, but the Venacci collection was never recovered. Mike suspects that Red was murdered because of the ring and returns to the diner where he learns from the counterman that Red had been working at The Blue Bell nightclub where she was friends with a Mexican striptease dancer named Maria . After Maria's act, Mike asks her about Red and, when she takes him to the building where she and Red lived, they discover that Red's apartment has been ransacked. Maria tells Mike that Red received the ring as a present from Jean , a mute Frenchman whom she befriended at the club, where he works as a cleaner. Jean, saddened by Red's death and wanting to help, informs Mike and Maria that he has something to show them at his apartment, and Mike arranges to meet Jean there later. When Mike arrives, however, he discovers that Jean has fallen to his death from a window. In the distance, Mike spots Louis and follows him as he drives to a house at the beach. Mike introduces himself to the owner, young widow Nancy Williams , and after Mike tells her about his encounters with Louis, who is her butler, Nancy promptly fires Louis then hires Mike as a bodyguard until she can find a replacement.  During an outing on her motorboat, Nancy tells Mike that she has been in Europe for several years and was involved in a major scandal when the wife of a man with whom she was having an affair committed suicide. When they return to the beach house, Mike and Nancy discover the missing ring on the floor. Suddenly, a man bursts out of hiding and heads for a waiting speedboat. Mike follows him, and they fight on the dock until an accomplice, a man with a hook for a hand, knocks Mike out, enabling him and the other man to escape. Later, Mike and Nancy try to figure out how the ring wound up on her floor. As Nancy had rented out the house while she was in Europe, Mike has his secretary, Velda ([[Pamela Duncan , contact the rental agency and finds out that Holloway was among the tenants. At The Blue Bell, Mike recognizes Holloway among the customers and, eventually, he and Holloway meet. Holloway, who thinks Mike knows the whereabouts of the jewels, offers him twenty-five percent of their value if he can produce them, as he intends to cut them up and extract the valuable diamonds. He then explains that when he went to prison, he left the jewels with his friend, Jean, whom he had rescued from the Nazis, but Jean carelessly gave Red the ring because she was kind to him. Holloway adds that a Frenchman named La Roche  is the leader of a gang that also is searching for the jewels. When Mike goes to Maria's apartment, he is mugged by La Roche, the man with the hook, and his accomplices. Mike then drives to Nancy's house and tells her what he has learned, after which she gives him a drugged drink, causing him to and pass out. The next day, Mike learns that Maria has been murdered, and Holloway informs him that Ludwig Teller, a Dutch diamond cutter, whom he tried to hire, is already on board a ship to Los Angeles. Holloway assumes that La Roche has found the jewels and contracted Teller. Mike tries to intercept Teller at the docks and narrowly escapes death in a scrap metal yard where La Roche's henchmen work. On his car radio, tuned to the police wavelength, Mike hears that he is wanted for questioning over an incident at Nancy's house. When Mike arrives at the house, he secretly observes Louis' dead body being carried out just as Teller is suffering a heart attack. Mike also sees Chambers examine a large hole, which apparently housed a concealed wall safe. Holloway is waiting for Mike at his car and tells him that the La Roche gang has taken the jewels and is preparing to leave from the docks. After a gunfight between the two factions, La Roche falls on his own hook and Holloway is mortally wounded. Mike recovers the bag of jewels and shows them to the dying Holloway. Nancy then pulls alongside in her motorboat, Mike jumps on board and they leave. When Mike gives Nancy the jewels and asks if they are all there, she reveals her involvement in the case by stating that the collection is intact, except for the ring, then admits that she and Louis were partners in searching for the jewels. She also states that she had not intended for Red to be killed, and Jean was murdered to prevent him from telling Holloway that she and Louis now had the jewels. Maria was also killed to prevent her talking about the case. Nancy has assumed that she and Mike have a future together, but Mike informs her that he intends to hand her over to the police. Nancy pulls out a revolver, but Mike easily gains possession of the weapon, then heads the boat toward the shore."] ["The story follows relationship between Walt , a gay store clerk, and two younger Mexican boys, Johnny  and Roberto Pepper . Walt and his female friend  convince them to come over for dinner, but Johnny and Pepper have to return to their cheap hotel because another friend is locked out. Walt makes his first pass at Johnny by offering him $15 to sleep with him. Johnny refuses and runs to his hotel room, leaving Pepper locked out with nowhere to spend the night but Walt's. Settling for second best, Walt lies down next to Pepper and allows him on top for sex. However, he does not give up on trying to win over Johnny. The film progresses from there into not always clearly defined relationships, unbalanced by age, language, race, sexuality, and money."] ['The movie tells the story of a family in crisis. The mother, Leona , escapes to Jamaica to grieve the loss of her baby daughter. While there she meets kindly housekeeper Clara Mayfield . Clara pulls Leona out of her depression with a blunt, no-nonsense style. Leona is so taken with her that she brings Clara back to their home in Baltimore to be housekeeper and nanny to young son David, played by Neil Patrick Harris. At first he is resistant and sees her as an intruder, but as the parents are completely wrapped up in their own grief and dissolving marriage, David comes to trust Clara and to depend on her. Clara harbors her own dark secret, which when revealed, serves to firm the bond between these two very different, but loving, characters.'] ['The film follows the adventures and misadventures of Edward Henry  Machin, an ambitious young man from a poor background. Denry cheats at an examination in order to qualify for entry to a \'school for the sons of gentlemen\'. At the age of 16, he becomes a junior clerk to Mr. Duncalf, the town clerk and a solicitor. He meets the charming and socially well-connected Countess of Chell, a client of Duncalf\'s, and is given the job of sending out invitations to a grand municipal ball. He \'invites\' himself, and wins a five-pound bet , that he will dance with the Countess. This earns him the reputation of a "card"  – a reputation he is determined to cement. But the next day, Duncalf angrily sacks Denry. Denry offers his services as a rent collector to a dissatisfied former client of Duncalf\'s, Mrs Codleyn. His reputation as an efficient and no-nonsense collector brings the business of Mr Calvert. But Denry quickly realises that he can make more money by advancing loans, at a highly profitable interest rate, to the many tenants who are in arrears. He also discovers that Ruth Earp, the dancing teacher who is attracted to Denry, is herself heavily in debt. Despite this, he and Ruth become engaged. While on holiday in Llandudno with Ruth and her friend Nellie Cotterill (as [[Chaperone , he witnesses a shipwreck and the rescue of the sailors - an event that he turns to his financial advantage. He also realises Ruth\'s spendthrift nature, and they part on bitter terms. Denry starts up the Five Towns Universal Thrift Club, a bold venture that allows members to purchase goods on credit. This increases Denry\'s wealth and reputation, and he is able to expand further, thanks to the patronage of the Countess. Denry\'s social ambitions expand. He becomes a town councillor and he purchases the rights to locally-born Callear, the "greatest centre forward in England", for the failing local football club. Ruth reappears, now the widow of a rich, older, titled man. He considers renewing their relationship but is unsure of his  feelings. Nellie\'s father, a builder, is bankrupt , and the family decide to migrate to Canada, with Denry\'s assistance. As they are boarding the liner at Liverpool, Denry realises that Nellie is devastated at her potential loss and that he really loves only her. Ruth, who is also present, is furious, but quickly starts a fresh relationship with another older titled gentleman. Nellie and Denry marry. Denry becomes the youngest mayor in the history of Bursley.'] ['Richard the Lionheart , King of England, vanishes while returning from the Crusades. One of his knights, the Saxon Wilfred of Ivanhoe ([[Robert Taylor , searches tirelessly for him, finally finding him being held for ransom by Leopold of Austria for the enormous sum of 150,000 marks of silver. Richard’s treacherous brother, Prince John , knows about it, but enjoys ruling in his absence. Ivanhoe returns to England, to the house of his estranged father, Cedric , to be reunited with his love and Cedric’s ward, the Lady Rowena , and to beg his father’s help in raising the ransom. Cedric refuses to help a Norman king and orders his son to leave. Wamba , Cedric’s court jester, begs to go with Ivanhoe and is made his squire. Two separate parties of travellers arrive and are granted Cedric’s hospitality: a Jew, Isaac of York , and Norman knights Sir Brian de Bois-Guilbert  and Sir Hugh de Bracy ([[Robert Douglas , and their entourage. That night, two of the Normans try to rob Isaac, but are foiled by Ivanhoe. Not feeling safe, Isaac decides to return to his home in Sheffield; Ivanhoe offers to escort him there. When they reach Isaac’s home, Ivanhoe secures his help raising the ransom in return for better treatment for the Jews once Richard returns. Rebecca , Isaac’s daughter, visits Ivanhoe secretly in the night to reward him for rescuing her father; she gives him jewels to purchase arms and a horse for an important upcoming joust. She falls in love with him, despite the great social gulf between them. Nearly everyone of note is at the tournament, including Prince John. Norman knights loyal to him defeat all comers. Just when it seems that they are victorious, a mysterious new Saxon knight appears, arrayed all in black, with white trim,  his face hidden behind his visor. He does not give his name, but challenges all five Norman champions. He easily defeats the first three, Malvoisin, Ralph, and Front de Boeuf , one after the other, and also wins the fourth bout against de Bracy, but is seriously wounded in the shoulder. He is soon identified by many as Ivanhoe. When Ivanhoe salutes Rebecca after his first victory, Bois-Guilbert is immediately smitten by her beauty. In the last joust against Bois-Guilbert, the weakened Ivanhoe falls from his horse. He is carried off, to be tended to by Rebecca. Fearing Prince John’s wrath, the Saxons depart; Ivanhoe is taken to the woods under the protection of Robin Hood . The rest make for the city of York, but are captured and taken to the castle of Front de Boeuf. When Ivanhoe hears the news, he gives himself up, in exchange for his father’s freedom. However, the Normans go back on their word and keep them both. Robin Hood’s men then storm the castle, freeing most of the captives. In the fighting, de Boeuf drives Wamba to his death in a burning part of the castle and is slain in turn by Ivanhoe. Bois-Guilbert alone escapes, by using Rebecca as a shield, while de Bracy is defeated and captured by Ivanhoe after attempting to do the same with Rowena. Meanwhile, the enormous ransom is finally collected, but the Jews face a cruel choice: free either Richard or Rebecca, for Prince John has set the price of her life at 100,000 marks, the Jews’ contribution. Isaac chooses Richard. Ivanhoe entrusts the ransom delivery to Cedric, but promises Isaac that he will rescue Rebecca. John has her condemned to be burned at the stake as a witch, but Ivanhoe appears and challenges the verdict, invoking the right to “wager of battle,” which cannot be denied. Prince John chooses the conflicted Bois-Guilbert as his champion. The Norman makes a last desperate plea to Rebecca: in return for her love, he is willing to forfeit the duel, though he would be forever disgraced as a knight. She refuses, saying “We are all in God’s hands, sir knight.” In the battle to the death, Ivanhoe’s axe prevails over Bois-Guilbert’s mace and chain. As he lies dying, Bois-Guilbert reaffirms to Rebecca that he is the one who loves her, not Ivanhoe. Rebecca accepts that Ivanhoe’s heart has always belonged to Rowena, and Richard and his knights  return to reclaim his throne from his usurping brother.'] ['The film begins with a narrator telling us that Cromwell\'s tyranny is coming to an end, when we see several men approaching on horseback. We learn that King Charles II and several of his Cavaliers have been on an exploratory tour in England, checking to see if the populace is ready to back his return. At the moment he is being hounded by a troop of Roundheads. King Charles stops to bid one of his supporters, a Royalist Lord Lucius Vyne  who he gives one of his favorite rings, telling Lucius to send it if he ever needs his help. Taking the ring Lucius borrows the King\'s distinctive plumed hat and leads the King\'s pursuers away, allowing Charles and Lucius\' cousin, Lord Richard Vyne to reach a waiting boat bound for France. Lucius manages to loose the Roundheads in a cavernous entrance of a quarried chalk cliff face. In the next scene Lady Panthea Vyne  is tricked into marriage by a lecherous older tax collector Drysdale who had been seeking her hand in marriage. He promises to intercede and save her brother Lord Richard who, he tells her, is about to be executed. Drysdale tells her he can save her brother if she agrees to marry him. Leaving the church she and her new husband, no sooner reach their waiting coach that he attempts to unbutton her dress. Her small Cavalier King Charles Spaniel barks at Drysdale, who throws it to the floor of the coach and stomps it to death. Just then a gun ball blows a chunk of wood from the coach besides Drysdale\'s head. The mysterious masked highwayman known as Silver Blade"  puts a stop to Drysdale\'s advances and helps our heroine to bury her dog. She tells Silver Blade of her plight; he whispers that Drysdale has lied, telling her that her brother is already dead. "Silver Blade" then duels with Drysdale, who Panthea warns Silver Blade is the best swordsman in England. Silver Blades soon runs him through and then takes Panthea home. The event will come back to haunt them both. Next her aunt, Lady Emma Darlington  talks her into coming to live with her as Panthea is all alone now that her father and brother are dead, nevermind her dead husband. At a royal reception we learn that Aunt Emma was the King\'s \'second\' mother. The King invites Panthea to be a lady of the queen\'s bed chamber. With Panthea attracting all of the males\' admiring glances plus her now becoming part of the new queen\'s court, the King\'s mistress Lady Castlemaine  is livid. About then Panthea asks her Aunt who is \'that\' Lady pointing to Lady Castlemaine. Her aunt tells her to look away. Next Lady Castlemaine\'s guest Rudolph, introduces himself, reminding Panthea and her aunt that he is Panthea\'s cousin on her distaff side. He then introduces Lady Castlemaine, when suddenly Lady Darlington grabs Panthea and abruptly turns her back and walks away. Lady Castlemaine is fit to be tied and swears to take revenge at the slight. Cousin Rudolph plots to inherit the title as Duke of Manston Hall, Panthea\'s home and Lucius\' hiding place as well. Lucius instead of claiming his royal title, is in true Robin Hood fashion, working against the King\'s secret enemies. Panthea who has been in love with Silver Blade since the day he saved her, learns he is in grave danger and is about to be captured in a trap set for that night. She rides to warn him and saves the day after declaring her love for him. However, soon after the King leaves for France, she falls victim to the schemes of Lady Castlemaine who is after her head. Meanwhile Lady Castlemaine learns of the coach incident and pays the coachman, now a sergeant in the Kings Guards to accuse Panthea of murder. She sets her trap and soon Panthea is fighting for her life in court. After she is condemned to death Lucius attempts her rescue and ends up arrested as well. Hepasses the King\'s ring to Panthea\'s maid, telling her to take it to the King, but Rudolph sees the sparkling ring and takes it from Lucius. On the morning of his execution Lucius tricks his jailer and he and his men fight their way out of their jail and rides to the Tower of London to Panthea\'s rescue. As the hulking Axman is in mid swing, an arrow from Lucius, strikes his shoulder causing his blow to miss Panthea\'s head, but Lucius and Phanthea are surrounded; escape is seemingly immposible, but meanwhile in an amazing Deus Ex Machina, the plodding Rudolph, who can\'t wait till he is sure Lucius is dead, barges in before the King and demands to be declared the Duke of Manston Hall. The King who has seemingly forgotten his friend spys the ring and soon shows up at the tower, just in time to save the day. Lucius and Panthea are married and all ends well.'] ['Christopher Rocket is a man loyal to his work but unable to fulfill his girlfriend Anne or anything else in his personal life. He came back to his homeland after his estranged father Tom Rocket suffers a stroke. Jane Rocket, his mother, is a central figure in his dysfunctional past.'] ['When a wagon crashes into a ravine, prospector Ben Rumson finds two adult male occupants, brothers, one of whom is dead and the other of whom has a broken arm and leg. As the first man is about to be buried, gold dust is discovered at the grave site. Ben stakes a claim on the land and adopts the surviving brother as his "Pardner" while he recuperates. Pardner is initially innocent and romantic, illustrated by him singing a pining love song about a girl named Elisa , who he later sheepishly confesses exists only in his imagination. Pardner is a farmer who hopes to make enough in the gold rush to buy some land, and is openly suspicious of the drunken and seemingly amoral Ben. Ben claims that while he is willing to fight, steal, and cheat at cards, his system of ethics does not allow him to betray a partner. Ben will share the spoils of prospecting on the condition that Pardner takes care of him in his moments of drunkenness and melancholy. After the discovery of gold, "No Name City" springs up as a tent city with the miners alternating between wild parties  and bouts of melancholy . The men become increasingly frustrated with the lack of female companionship, so the arrival of a Mormon, Jacob Woodling, with two wives is enough to catch the attention of the entire town. The miners claim it is unfair for the Mormon to have two wives when they have none. They persuade him to sell one of his wives to the highest bidder. Elizabeth, Jacob\'s younger and more rebellious wife, agrees to be sold based on the reasoning that whatever she gets, it can\'t be as bad as what she currently has. A drunken Ben winds up with the highest bid for Elizabeth. Ben is readied for the wedding by the other miners , and is married to Elizabeth under "mining law," with Ben being granted exclusive rights to "all her mineral resources." Elizabeth, not content to be passively treated as property, threatens to shoot Ben on their wedding night if she is not treated with respect. While she believes Ben is not the type to truly settle down, this is acceptable if he builds a proper wooden cabin to provide her with some security for when he inevitably leaves. Ben is impressed by Elizabeth\'s determination. He enlists the miners to keep this promise, and Elizabeth rejoices in having a proper home . Sensing the other miners becoming obsessed with her, Ben consumed by jealousy and paranoia. News comes of the pending arrival of "six French tarts" to a neighboring town and a plan is hatched to kidnap the women and bring them to "No Name City" , thus providing the other miners with female companionship. The town will prosper with additional sources of income as other miners from outlying regions will likely be willing to spend their money in No Name City if it means a chance to visit prostitutes. Ben heads up the mission and leaves Elizabeth in the care of Pardner. The two fall in love , whereupon Elizabeth, saying she also still loves Ben, convinces them that "if a Mormon man can have two wives, why can\'t a woman have two husbands?" As the town booms, the arrangement with Ben, Pardner, and Elizabeth works well for a while. But soon the town becomes large enough that more civilized people from the East begin to settle there. A parson begins to make a concerted effort to persuade the people of No Name City to give up their evil ways, warning the townsfolk that they will be swallowed up by God\'s wrath if they do not repent . Meanwhile, a group of new settlers is rescued from the snow, and the strait-laced family is invited to spend the winter with Elizabeth and Pardner, who is assumed to be her only husband. Ben is left to fend for himself in town. In revenge, he introduces one of the family, naive young Horton Fenty, to the pleasures of Rotten Luck Willie\'s saloon and cat house. This leads to Elizabeth dismissing both Ben and Pardner from the log cabin. Pardner takes to gambling in Willie\'s . As the gold begins to play out, Ben and a group of miners discover that gold dust is dropping through the floor boards of many of the saloons. They tunnel under all the businesses to get at the gold . This brings the story to its climax when, during a bull-and-bear fight, the streets collapse into the tunnels dug by Ben and the others and the town is destroyed. A reprise of "The Gospel of No Name City" plays as the town is literally swallowed by the earth. It is time for Ben to move on to the next gold field . Elizabeth and Pardner reconcile and plan to stay. As Ben departs, he comments that never knew Pardner\'s real name, which Pardner then reveals: Sylvester Newel.'] ['On 2 February, 1990, Nelson Mandela is released from Victor Verster Prison after 27 years spent in jail. Four years later, Mandela is elected to be the first black President of South Africa. His presidency faces enormous challenges in the post-Apartheid era, including rampant poverty and crime. Mandela is particularly concerned about racial divisions between black and white South Africans, which could lead to violence. The ill will which both groups hold towards each other is seen even in his own security detail where relations between the established white officers, who had guarded Mandela\'s predecessors, and the black ANC additions to the security detail, are frosty and marked by mutual distrust. While attending a game of the Springboks, the country\'s rugby union team, Mandela recognizes that the blacks in the stadium cheer against their \'home\' squad, as the mostly-white Springboks represent prejudice and apartheid in their minds. He remarks that he did the same while imprisoned on Robben Island. Knowing that South Africa is set to host the 1995 Rugby World Cup in one year\'s time, Mandela convinces a meeting of the newly-black-dominated South African Sports Committee to support the Springboks. He then meets with the captain of the Springboks rugby team, François Pienaar , and implies that a Springboks victory in the World Cup will unite and inspire the nation. Mandela also shares with Francis a poem, "Invictus", that had inspired him during his time in prison. Francis and his teammates train. Many South Africans, both black and white, doubt that rugby will unite a nation torn apart by some 50 years of racial tensions. For many blacks, especially the radicals, the Springboks symbolised white supremacy. However, both Mandela and Pienaar stand firmly behind their theory that the game can successfully unite the South African country. Things begin to change as the players interact with the fans and begin a friendship with them. During the opening games, support for the Springboks begins to grow among the black population. By the second game, the whole country comes together to support the Springboks and Mandela\'s efforts. Mandela\'s security team also grows closer as the various officers come to respect their comrades professionalism and dedication. The Springboks surpass all expectations and qualify for the final against New Zealand All Blacks&mdash;the most successful rugby team in the world both then and now. Prior to the game, the Springbok team visits Robben Island, where Mandela spent 27 years in jail. There Pienaar is inspired by Mandela\'s will and his idea of self-mastery in the poem Invictus. Francis mentions his amazement that Mandela "could spend thirty years in a tiny cell, and come out ready to forgive the people who put [him] there". Supported by a large home crowd of both races, Pienaar motivates his team. Mandela\'s security detail receives a scare when, just before the match, a jumbo jet buzzes the stadium, but it is not an assassination attempt but a demonstration of patriotism. The Springboks win the match on an added time long drop-kick from fly-half Joel Stransky, with a score of 15–12. Mandela and Pienaar meet on the field together to celebrate the improbable and unexpected victory. Mandela\'s car is then seen driving away in the traffic-jammed streets leaving the stadium. As Mandela watches the South Africans celebrating together in the car, Mandela\'s voice is heard reciting the poem, "Invictus".'] ['Nearly 500 residents of the agricultural community of Milagro in the mountains of northern New Mexico face a crisis when politicians and business interests make a backroom deal to usurp the town\'s water in order to pave the way for a land buy-out. Due to the new laws, Joe Mondragon is unable to make a living farming because he is not allowed to divert water from an irrigation ditch that runs past his property. Frustrated, and unable to find work, Joe visits his father\'s field. He happens upon a tag that reads "prohibited" covering a valve on the irrigation ditch. He kicks the valve, unintentionally breaking it, allowing water to flood his fields. He decides against repairing the valve and instead decides to plant beans in the field. This leads to a confrontation with powerful state interests, including a hired gun brought in from out of town. An escalation of events follows, leading to a final showdown between law enforcement and the citizens of Milagro.'] ['The film follows the story of Adam Stein, a charismatic patient of a fictitious psychiatric asylum for Holocaust survivors in Israel, in 1961.'] ["In 1943, Captain Buzz Rickson  is an arrogant B-17 pilot stationed in England during World War II. When a bombing mission is aborted because clouds obscure all potential targets, Rickson ignores the order to turn around, dives under the clouds and completes the job, at the cost of one of the bombers in his squadron and its entire crew. Rickson revels in the fighting and destruction; when he is assigned to drop propaganda leaflets, he makes his displeasure felt by buzzing the airfield. His commanding officer tolerates his repeated insubordination because he is the best pilot in the bomber group. Even so, when he asks the flight surgeon his opinion, the latter is uncertain whether Rickson is a hero or a psychopath. However, Rickson's crew trusts his great flying skill, especially his co-pilot Lieutenant Ed Bolland . Between missions, Rickson and Bolland meet a woman, Daphne Caldwell . Though she is attracted to both pilots, she quickly finds out what kind of man Rickson is and chooses Bolland. They soon begin sleeping together. She falls in love with him, though she suspects he will leave her behind and return to America at the end of his tour of duty. Meanwhile, Bolland becomes increasingly disillusioned with Rickson, his arrogance and his callousness. Rickson pressures his navigator, 2nd Lieutenant Marty Lynch , into transferring to another aircraft because he questions his orders and behaviour. Soon afterwards, family man Lynch is killed in action. His friend Bolland takes it hard and blames Rickson. Then, when the crew is near the end of the required 25 missions, Rickson makes a move on Daphne, visiting her in her flat after Bolland heads back to the base. Rickson plans to embark on a second tour of duty, while his rival goes home. Daphne rejects his forceful advances,  but Rickson tries to make Bolland think otherwise. Finally, on a bombing mission, the B-17 is badly shot up and one crew member, Sgt. Sailen , dies of wounds. It limps back over the English Channel and the rest of the crew bails out. Rickson then pushes the unsuspecting Bolland out of the plane and tries to nurse the bomber back to base by himself, only to crash into the white cliffs on the Kent coast."] ['In the opening scene, a girl  and a young man  see each other for the first time from opposite sides of a street in London. The girl looks in the wrong direction as she crosses the street and is hit by a taxicab right in front of the young man. He rushes over; she smiles at him and says, "hello, stranger". He takes her to a hospital, where she is treated and released. Afterward, on the way to his office, they stop by Postman\'s Park. Here they introduce themselves: she is 20 years old and has just arrived in London from the United States where she had been stripping for a living; he\'s Dan Woolf, an unsuccessful aspiring British writer who is on his way to work, where he writes obituaries for a national newspaper. Before he leaves her and goes to work, he asks her for her name and she answers Alice Ayres. They soon start a relationship. A year later, Dan is straying. He has written a novel based on Alice\'s life and while being photographed to publicize it, he flirts with the American photographer Anna Cameron . Anna and Dan kiss, before she finds out that Dan and Alice are in a relationship. Alice arrives and asks to use Anna\'s bathroom, leaving Anna and Dan alone again. Dan takes the opportunity to try to persuade Anna to have an affair with him, but is cut short by Alice\'s return. Alice asks Anna if she can have her portrait taken as well. Anna agrees and Alice asks Dan to leave them alone during the photo shooting. While being photographed, she reveals to Anna that she overheard them, and is photographed weeping. Alice does not reveal what she overheard to Dan, even as he spends a year stalking Anna, who resists. Another year later, Dan enters a cybersex chat room and randomly meets Larry Gray , a British dermatologist. With Anna still on his mind, Dan pretends to be her, and using the pretense that they will have sex, Dan convinces Larry to meet at the aquarium . Larry goes to the meeting place where by coincidence Anna is. He approaches her, but it turns out they have been set up. Feeling foolish, Larry apologizes but is confused by the situation. Anna tells Larry that a man who had pursued her, Dan, was most likely to blame for the setup. Soon, Anna and Larry become a couple and they refer to Dan as "Cupid" as their inside joke. Four months later, at Anna\'s photo exhibition, Larry meets Alice, whom he recognizes from the tearful photograph that is one of many being exhibited. Larry knows that Alice and Dan are a couple from talking to Anna and they flirt. Meanwhile, Dan convinces Anna to become involved with him. A year passes, and Dan and Anna have been cheating on their partners, even though Anna and Larry married during the affair. Dan and Anna both decide to confess to Alice and Larry and are prepared to break their current partnerships to be with each other. Alice, deeply upset, leaves Dan without telling him where she is going. Before Anna can tell Larry, who has just returned from a business trip, Larry confesses that he slept with a woman on his business trip. She in turn reveals that she has been having an affair with Dan. As Larry and Anna argue she reveals that she thought he would hit her when he found out - something Larry takes offence to. Alice goes back to stripping to support herself while staying in London, being still in love with Dan. One day, Larry runs into her accidentally at the strip club and realizes that he knows her, even though she is wearing a pink wig. He asks her if her name is Alice, knowing full well who she is, but no matter how much money he gives her, she keeps telling him her name is "Jane Jones." He asks her to come home with him so he can look after her, but she refuses. The line of questioning becomes pornographic, albeit without any explicit nudity, when Larry asks Alice, "what does your cunt taste like?" Alice replies with a smile, "heaven". Larry then demands, "Alice, tell me something true". Alice replies, "lying is the most fun a girl can have without taking her clothes off...but it\'s better if you do". The full irony of Alice\'s response is not apparent until the conclusion of the film. After four months living with Dan, Anna meets Larry to obtain his signature on the divorce papers. Larry tries to convince her to come back to him, but she refuses, so he refuses in turn to sign for divorce unless she has sex with him for the last time, on the examination table at his new practice. Reluctantly, Anna acquiesces. Later, Dan asks Anna about her meeting with Larry and realises what\'s happened; unable to forgive her, he breaks off the relationship. Some time afterwards, Dan goes to Larry\'s office, asking him to let Anna come back to him, as she is now with Larry again. The office that Larry and Anna had sex in is now fully functional and Larry is successful with his private practice. He tells Dan that Anna secretly doesn\'t want to be happy, and that she never gave the signed divorce papers to her lawyer. Larry tells Dan that love needs compromise and suggests that he try to get Alice back, but Dan doesn\'t know where she is. Larry tells him not only where to find Alice, but also that he and Alice had sex. Alice takes Dan back and she decides to take them both to America as a surprise vacation. They get a hotel room near Heathrow Airport, happy to be back together. Alice notes that four years ago today is the day when they first met on that London street. They reminisce, then Dan can\'t help himself and asks her whether she had sex with Larry, which she initially truthfully denies. When he insists on the truth, she suddenly tells him that she doesn\'t love him anymore and goes on to say that she did have sex with Larry that night he found her working at the strip club. Dan then reveals that Larry had already told him about the one-night stand but that he\'s already forgiven her. She is angry that he tricked her and insists that it\'s over and tells him to leave. He refuses, but she threatens to call security. He does not believe her, and as she picks up the phone, he grabs her and questions her angrily about why she slept with Larry. She eventually says it\'s because Dan wasn\'t there, they continue to argue, and she spits in his face. Dan almost hits her but refrains. She encourages him to hit her and he does. She looks at him in shock.  After Dan hits her, Alice returns to New York alone. Passing through the immigration checkpoint on her way back into the United States, it is revealed through a shot of her passport that her name is indeed Jane Rachel Jones  and that she had lied about her name for the duration of her four-year relationship with Dan. Back in London, Dan returns to Postman\'s Park. To his surprise, he notices the name "Alice Ayres" on a tile that is dedicated to a girl "who by intrepid conduct" and at the cost of her young life saved three children. The final scene shows Alice/Jane walking on Broadway towards W 47th St, approaching a red "do not walk" pedestrian light; with passers-by staring at her, stunned at her beauty. A scene symmetrical with the opening scene, where Alice/Jane and Dan are staring at each other on the streets of London.'] ['After Frank Ross ([[John Pickard  is murdered in January 1878 by his hired hand, Tom Chaney , in Fort Smith, Arkansas, Ross\' 14-year-old daughter Mattie  travels to Fort Smith and hires the aging U.S. Marshal Reuben "Rooster" J. Cogburn . Mattie has heard that, despite his vices and missing eye, Cogburn has "true grit". She gives Rooster a down payment to track down Chaney, who has taken up with "Lucky" Ned Pepper , a gang leader whom Rooster once shot in a gunfight. The pair must head into Indian Territory . Mattie buys a horse for this, after collecting money from a horse trader . They are joined by a young Texas Ranger, La Boeuf , who hopes to collect a $1,500 reward for capturing Chaney, much more than Mattie is offering Cogburn. The ranger says Chaney also killed a Texas state senator named Bibbs, and Bibbs\' dog. Mattie dislikes the boastful La Boeuf and refuses his assistance, but the ranger joins forces with Cogburn, who agrees to split the reward with him. The two try to abandon Mattie, but they learn that she is determined to join their posse. After several days, the three plan to spend the night at a cabin which Cogburn had said would be empty. At the cabin, they discover Emmett Quincy  and Moon , two horse thieves waiting for Pepper. Moon\'s leg is badly injured and Cogburn uses the injury as leverage to get information about Pepper from them. To prevent Moon from telling too much, Quincy fatally stabs Moon with a knife, and Cogburn kills Quincy. Before Moon dies, he tells Cogburn that Pepper and his gang are due at the hideout that night; the posse lays a trap. The following morning, Pepper and his men arrive at the hideout. La Boeuf mistakenly fires and a shootout ensues, during which Cogburn and La Boeuf kill two of the gang, but Pepper and the rest escape. Cogburn, La Boeuf and Mattie make their way to McAlester\'s store, where the marshal arranges for the four dead men to be buried. The three continue their pursuit. After a few days, Mattie slips down a steep hill one morning on her way to bathe in a river and finds herself face-to-face with Chaney. She shoots and wounds him, calling out to her partners. Pepper and his gang capture her, and he forces Cogburn and La Boeuf to abandon the girl. Cogburn doubles back and attacks Pepper and his gang. La Boeuf finds Mattie and moves Chaney to an area he thinks is secure. La Boeuf and Mattie move to an outcropping and watch as a mounted Cogburn confronts Ned and his three gang members. Cogburn tells Pepper he has a choice of getting killed or surrendering and being hanged at Judge Isaac Parker\'s convenience. Pepper replies that is "bold talk for a one-eyed fat man." Cogburn shouts "Fill your hand, you son of a bitch!" just as he begins charging the four gunmen firing a rifle in one hand and a pistol in the other and holding the horse\'s reins in his mouth. Rooster shoots down three of the gang and wounds Pepper, but Rooster is trapped under his fallen horse which has been shot by Ned. As Pepper prepares to shoot Rooster, La Boeuf kills Pepper from the outcropping located a great distance away. As La Boeuf and Mattie return to Pepper\'s camp, Chaney comes out from behind a tree and strikes La Boeuf in the head with a rock, immediately knocking him unconscious and causing an ultimately fatal wound. Mattie shoots and wounds Chaney in the arm but, driven back from the recoil, falls into a pit breaking her arm. Cogburn arrives and fatally shoots Chaney, sending him into the pit. As Cogburn descends into the pit on a rope to retrieve Mattie, she is bitten by a rattlesnake, which he shoots and kills. La Boeuf, thought to be dead, peers over the pit and helps them get out by tying the rope to his horse and riding is slowly away from the pit. After Mattie and Cogburn are safely out of the pit, La Boeuf collapses and dies. In a hurry to get help for Mattie\'s snakebite, they have to leave La Boeuf\'s body. They both must ride Mattie’s horse, but the overloaded horse collapses and succumbs before they reach their destination. Undaunted, Cogburn gathers Mattie in his arms and carries her until they encounter some horsemen with a wagon. Cogburn steals the wagon and they ride it the rest of the way to McAlester\'s. There, an Indian doctor treats Mattie\'s snakebite and splints her broken arm. Days later, Mattie\'s attorney, J. Noble Daggett  arrives. Throughout the plot, Mattie has frequently used his name as a legal threat on occasions when she fails to get her way. He pays Cogburn a $75 reward for Chaney\'s capture, plus  an additional $200 for saving her life. Mattie is still ill from the snakebite and Cogburn offers to bet the attorney the $275 that Mattie will make it back to her home, but Daggett declines to bet against her. Weeks later, Mattie, arm in a sling, is recovered and at home. She shows a visiting Cogburn her family burial plot on the land. Cogburn was there to receive all the reward money offered for Chaney in Texas, which was apparently more than the $75 he initially received. She promises that he can be buried next to her family after his death. Cogburn reluctantly accepts, hoping his burial will not be too soon. She offers him her father\'s pistol which he reluctantly accepts, stating that it misfired once. He leaves, jumping over a fence with his new horse to disprove her claim that he was too old and fat. He heads off into the valley below as the film ends.'] ["Nikki Cominsky  is a lawyer with problems in her married life. She moved from Cincinnati, Ohio and is working for a large law firm in the Chicago area. She invites her husband to have a romantic dinner at a local restaurant, but he has already made plans to go to a baseball game. Disappointed, she goes to work and sees an invitation for dinner at the very same restaurant that she was planning on going to with her husband. At first she is irked because she is sick of the local churches' attempts at getting new followers, but quickly realizes that this may be a romantic attempt from her husband. Excited, she goes to the restaurant, but sees a mysterious man claiming to be Jesus Christ . She thinks the man is crazy and attempts to leave, but the man persuades her to stay by telling her that he would tell her who sent him after dinner. Knowing that she would want to find out who is responsible, and not wanting to refuse a free dinner, she stays. The man begins to use real life examples such as family and other religions to tie in why Christianity is the one true religion, also as to why he really is, in fact, Jesus. Throughout their evening of conversation, arguments and debate, Nikki learns things she never knew about life, Heaven, Hell, other religions, the universe, and even herself. By the time dinner is over, she notices large spike scars on the man's wrists, and her life has been changed forever. He says that she was the one who sent for him, years before."] ['In the near future, big wars are avoided by giving individuals with violent tendencies a chance to kill in the Big Hunt. The Hunt is the most popular form of entertainment in the world and also attracts participants who are looking for fame and fortune. It includes ten rounds for each competitor, five as the hunter and five as the victim. The survivor of ten rounds becomes extremely wealthy and retires. Scenes switch between the pursuit, romance between the hunter and the victim, and a narrator explaining the rules and justification of the Hunt. Caroline Meredith  is the huntress armed with a high caliber Bosch shotgun looking for her tenth victim. Marcello Poletti  is the victim. He is reluctant to kill Meredith as he is not sure whether she is his hunter, but then later because they become romantically involved. To maximize financial gain, Meredith wants to get a perfect kill in front of the cameras as she has negotiated a major sponsor from the Ming Tea Company.'] [' Dilios, a Spartan soldier, narrates the story of Leonidas from his boyhood to becoming a king of Sparta. Years later, a Persian messenger arrives at the gates of Sparta, demanding the submission of Sparta to King Xerxes. In response to this demand, Leonidas kicks the messenger into a large well. Knowing this will prompt a Persian attack, Leonidas visits the Ephors—ancient leprosy-ridden priests whose blessing he needs before the Spartan council will authorize going to war. He proposes they repel the numerically superior Persians by using the terrain of Thermopylae  and funneling the Persians into a narrow pass between the rocks and the sea. The Ephors consult the Oracle, who decrees that Sparta must not go to war during their religious festival Carnea. As Leonidas departs, two agents of Xerxes appear—one of them, Theron, a Spartan—who bribe the Ephors with concubines and money. Leonidas follows his plan anyway, setting out with only 300 soldiers, whom he calls his personal guards to avoid needing the council\'s permission. Though he regards the mission as certain suicide, he hopes the sacrifice will spur the council to unite against Persia. On the way to Thermopylae, Arcadians join the Spartans. At Thermopylae they construct a wall to contain the approaching Persians. As construction goes on, Leonidas meets Ephialtes, a hunchbacked Spartan in exile whose parents fled Sparta to spare him certain infanticide. Wanting to redeem his father\'s name, Ephialtes asks to join the fight; he warns Leonidas of a secret path the Persians could use to outflank and surround them. Though Leonidas sympathizes with Ephialtes\'s will to fight, he turns him down, as Ephialtes cannot properly hold a shield: this would compromise the Spartans\' phalanx formation. Before the battle, the Persian Captain demands that the Spartans lay down their weapons. Leonidas refuses, and with their tightly-knit phalanx formation, the Spartans use the narrow terrain to repeatedly rebuff the advancing Persian army. Xerxes personally parleys with Leonidas, offering him wealth and power in exchange for his loyalty and surrender. Leonidas declines, and Xerxes sends his elite guard, the formidable Immortals, to attack, but the Spartans successfully dispatch them, suffering a few casualties of their own. Xerxes then sends a number of exotic weapons at the Spartans, including black powder bombs and war elephants, but all of these attacks fail. During these attacks, Astinos is killed, which drives his father Captain Artemis into a fit of rage. Angered by Leonidas\'s rejection, Ephialtes defects to the Persians and informs them of the secret path. When they realize Ephialtes\'s treachery, the Arcadians retreat, and Leonidas orders Dilios to return to Sparta to tell the Council of their sacrifice. Though Dilios had recently injured his left eye in combat, he is still fit for battle, but Leonidas decides to use Dilios\'s gift for storytelling to appeal to the Spartan council. Though reluctant to leave his brothers behind, Dilios leaves with the Arcadians. In Sparta, Queen Gorgo  is raped by Theron, before which he promises his help in persuading the Spartan council to send reinforcements to Leonidas. However, following her address to the Council, Theron publicly betrays the Queen by accusing her of adultery, prompting the councilmen to cry out in outrage and Gorgo to kill him in a fit of anger. The xiphē that Gorgo uses to kill Theron pierces his purse, spilling Persian coins from his robe, revealing his role as traitor, and the Council agrees to unite against Persia. At Thermopylae, the Persians use the goat path to outflank the Spartans. Xerxes\'s general demands their surrender, again offering Leonidas titles and prestige. Leonidas seemingly bows in submission, allowing Stelios to leap over him and kill the general instead. Furious, Xerxes orders his troops to attack. Leonidas rises and hurls his spear at Xerxes, cutting the King on the cheek, thus fulfilling an earlier promise to "make the God-King bleed". Visibly disturbed by this reminder of his mortality, Xerxes watches as a massive barrage of arrows kills all the Spartans. Moments before his death, Leonidas pledges his undying love to Gorgo. Concluding his tale before an audience of Spartans on the edge of the battlefield a year after Thermopylae, Dilios relates how the Persian army has suffered desertions, out of fear and the heavy casualties they suffered at the hands of a mere 300 Spartans. Word of their valiant resistance spread across Greece, inspiring the different city-states to unite against the Persians. Now, the Persians face 10,000 Spartans leading 30,000 free Greeks. Although still outnumbered three to one, Dilios declares that the Greeks shall be victorious and praises the sacrifice of the 300. He then leads the Greeks in a charge against the Persian army at the Battle of Plataea, the battle that would end Persia\'s invasion of Greece.'] [' The film opens on a large cotton plantation called Tara in rural Georgia in 1861, on the eve of the American Civil War. Scarlett O\'Hara is flirting with the two Tarleton brothers, Brent and Stuart, who have been expelled from the University of Georgia. Scarlett, Suellen, and Careen are the daughters of Irish immigrant Gerald O’Hara and his wife, Ellen O\'Hara, who is of aristocratic French ancestry. The brothers share a secret with Scarlett: Ashley Wilkes, whom Scarlett secretly loves, is to be married to his cousin, Melanie Hamilton. The engagement is to be announced the next day at a barbecue at Ashley\'s home, the nearby plantation Twelve Oaks. At Twelve Oaks, Scarlett notices that she is being admired by Rhett Butler, who has been turned out of West Point and disowned by his Charleston family. Rhett finds himself in further disfavor among the male guests when, during a discussion of the probability of war, he states that the South has no chance against the superior numbers and industrial might of the North. Scarlett sneaks out of the afternoon nap time to be alone with Ashley in the library, and confesses her love for him. He admits he has always secretly loved Scarlett but that he and the sweet Melanie are more compatible. She accuses Ashley of misleading her and slaps him in anger. Ashley exits as Rhett reveals he has overheard the whole conversation, sleeping unseen on a couch. Rhett promises to keep her guilty secret. Scarlett leaves the library in haste, and the barbecue is disrupted by the announcement that war has broken out. The men rush to enlist, and all the ladies are awakened from their naps. As Scarlett watches Ashley kiss Melanie goodbye from the upstairs window, Melanie’s shy younger brother Charles Hamilton, with whom Scarlett had been innocently flirting, asks for her hand in marriage before he goes. Despite not truly loving Charles, Scarlett consents. They are married before he leaves to fight. Ironically, Scarlett is quickly widowed when Charles dies from a bout of pneumonia and measles while in the Confederate Army. Scarlett\'s mother sends her to the Hamilton home in Atlanta to cheer her up, although the O’Haras\' outspoken housemaid Mammy tells Scarlett she knows she is going there only to wait for Ashley’s return. Scarlett and Melanie attend a charity bazaar in Atlanta; Scarlett, who should be in deep mourning, is turned against and whispered about. Rhett, now a heroic blockade runner for the Confederacy, makes a surprise appearance. Scarlett shocks Atlanta society even more by accepting Rhett\'s large bid for a dance. While they dance, Rhett tells her of his intention to win her, which she says will never happen as long as she lives. The tide of war turns against the Confederacy after the Battle of Gettysburg in which many of the men of Scarlett\'s town are killed. Scarlett makes another unsuccessful appeal to Ashley’s heart while he is visiting on Christmas furlough, although they do share a private and passionate kiss while in the parlor on Christmas Day, just before he leaves for the war. In the hospital, Scarlett and Melanie care for a convalescent soldier. Eight months later, as the city is besieged by the Union Army in the Atlanta Campaign, Melanie goes into a premature and difficult labor. Staying true to a promise Scarlett made to Ashley to "take care of Melanie," she and her young house servant Prissy must deliver the child without medical attendance. Scarlett calls upon Rhett to bring her home to Tara immediately with Melanie, Prissy, and the baby. He appears with a horse and wagon to take them out of the city on a perilous journey through the burning depot and warehouse district. He leaves her with a nearly dead horse, helplessly frail Melanie, her baby, and tearful Prissy, and with a passionate kiss as he goes off to fight. On her journey home, Scarlett finds Twelve Oaks burned out, ruined and deserted. She is relieved to find Tara still standing but deserted by all except her parents, her sisters, and two servants: Mammy and Pork . Scarlett learns that her mother has just died of typhoid fever and her father\'s mind has begun to crumble under the strain. With Tara pillaged by Union troops and the fields untended, Scarlett vows she will do anything for the survival of her family and herself, exclaiming, "As God is my witness, I\'ll never be hungry again!"  Scarlett sets her family and servants to picking the cotton fields. She also kills a Union deserter who threatens her during a burglary and finds Union currency in his wallet, enough to sustain her family and servants for a time. With the defeat of the Confederacy and war\'s end, Ashley returns. Mammy restrains Scarlett from running to him when he reunites with Melanie. The dispirited Ashley finds he is of little help to Tara, and when Scarlett begs him to run away with her, he confesses his desire for her and kisses her passionately, but says he cannot leave Melanie. Gerald dies after he is thrown from his horse in an attempt to chase from his property a Scalawag, his former plantation overseer who now wants to buy Tara. Scarlett realizes she cannot pay the rising taxes on Tara implemented by Reconstructionists. Knowing Rhett is in Atlanta, she has Mammy make an elaborate gown for her from her mother’s drapes. However, upon her visit, Rhett, now in jail, tells her his foreign bank accounts have been blocked, and that her attempt to get his money has been in vain. As Scarlett departs, she encounters her sister’s fiancé, the middle-aged Frank Kennedy, who now owns a successful general store and lumber mill. Scarlett lies to Kennedy by saying Suellen got tired of waiting and married another beau, and after becoming Mrs. Frank Kennedy, Scarlett takes over his business and becomes wealthy. When Ashley is about to take a job with a bank in the north, Scarlett preys on his weakness by weeping that she needs him to help run the mill; pressured by the sympathetic Melanie, he relents. One day, after Scarlett is attacked while driving alone through a nearby shantytown, Frank, Ashley, and others make a night raid on the shantytown. Ashley is wounded in a melee with Union troops, and Frank is killed. With Frank’s funeral barely over, Rhett visits Scarlett and proposes marriage. Scarlett accepts. He kisses her passionately and tells her that he will win her love one day because they are both the same. After a honeymoon in New Orleans, Rhett promises to restore Tara to its former grandeur, while Scarlett builds the biggest mansion in Atlanta. The two have a daughter. Scarlett wants to name her Eugenie Victoria, but Rhett names her Bonnie Blue Butler. Rhett adores her. He does everything to win the good opinion of Atlanta society for his daughter’s sake. Scarlett, still pining for Ashley and chagrined at the perceived ruin of her figure , lets Rhett know that she wants no more children and that they will no longer share a bed. In anger, he kicks open the door that separates their bedrooms to show her that she cannot keep him away. When visiting the mill one day, Scarlett listens to a nostalgic Ashley, and when she consoles him with an embrace, they are spied by two gossips including Ashley\'s sister India, who hates Scarlett. They eagerly spread the rumor and Scarlett’s reputation is again sullied. Later that night, Rhett, having heard the rumors, forces Scarlett out of bed and to attend a birthday party for Ashley. Incapable of believing anything bad of her beloved sister-in-law, Melanie stands by Scarlett\'s side so that all know that she believes the gossip to be false. At home later that night, Scarlett finds Rhett downstairs drunk. Blind with jealousy, he tells Scarlett that he could kill her if he thought it would make her forget Ashley. He carries her up the stairs in his arms, telling her, "This is one night you\'re not turning me out." She awakens the next morning with a look of guilty pleasure, but Rhett returns to apologize for his behavior and offers a divorce, which Scarlett rejects saying it would be a disgrace. Rhett decides to take Bonnie on an extended trip to London only to realize, after Bonnie suffers a terrible nightmare, that she still needs her mother by her side. Rhett returns and Scarlett is delighted to see him, but he rebuffs her attempts at reconciliation. She tells him that she is pregnant again. An argument ensues, and Scarlett, enraged, lunges at Rhett, falls down the stairs, and suffers a miscarriage. Rhett, frantic with guilt, cries to Melanie about his jealousy yet refrains from telling Melanie about Scarlett\'s feelings for Ashley. As Scarlett is recovering, little Bonnie dies while attempting to jump a fence with her pony. Scarlett blames Rhett; Rhett blames himself. Melanie visits the home to comfort them and convinces Rhett to allow Bonnie to be laid to rest, but then collapses during a second pregnancy she was warned could kill her. On her deathbed, Melanie asks Scarlett to look after Ashley for her, as Scarlett had looked after her for Ashley. With her dying breath, Melanie tells Scarlett to be kind to Rhett because he loves her. Outside, Ashley collapses in tears, forcing Scarlett to realize that Ashley only ever truly loved Melanie. Scarlett runs home to find Rhett preparing to leave. She pleads with him, telling him she realizes now that she had loved him all along, that she never really loved Ashley. However, he refuses, saying that with Bonnie\'s death went any chance of reconciliation. As Rhett walks out the door, she pleads, "Rhett, if you go, where shall I go? What shall I do?" He answers, "Frankly, my dear, I don\'t give a damn" and walks away into the fog. She sits on her stairs and weeps in despair, "What is there that matters?" She then recalls the voices of Gerald, Ashley, and Rhett, all of whom remind her that her strength comes from Tara itself. Hope lights Scarlett\'s face: "Tara! Home. I\'ll go home, and I\'ll think of some way to get him back! After all, tomorrow is another day!" It ends with a silhouette of Scarlett standing under a large tree, looking forward. In the distance lies Tara.'] ['In the Massachusetts Bay Colony in 1667, there is an uneasy truce between Puritans and Algonquian. Metacomet  becomes the tribe\'s new chief after the death and cremation of his father Massasoit. Hester Prynne  arrives overseas from England, seeking independence. She waits for her husband, befriending Quakers and setting up a home. As time passes, she falls for a young minister, Arthur Dimmesdale , who feels the same way about her. When they hear the news that her husband has most likely been killed by Native Americans, they engage in a relationship. When she becomes pregnant, Hester is imprisoned for her indiscretions. Dimmesdale visits Hester in prison, telling her that he would declare himself the father, but Hester begs him not to. Hester tells him that she could not see the man she loved hang, for they did nothing wrong. Hester\'s daughter is then born in prison, and later Hester is publicly humiliated by being forced to wear a scarlet "A" for adultery. A drummer boy is ordered to follow her whenever she comes to town. On the same day, her husband reappears with Indians, after a year\'s absence. Going by the name of "Dr. Chillingworth", he stirs fears of witchcraft, while seeking out Hester\'s lover in order to exact his revenge. As his plans are done, he attacks and scalps a man riding to town from Hester\'s house, disguised as Indian. Once the villagers discover this cruelty, they blame it on the Indians and bring them all to a public place to judge them. Seeing this scene, Hester\'s husband understands his fault and its severe results. He hangs himself in his room. When the minister wants to talk to him, he discovers his dead body hanging from the roof of the room. He runs back to town and offers his throat instead of Hester\'s, admitting that he is the father of the child. When he is about to be put to death, the Indians save him and Hester, and a battle between them and the villagers starts. Both sides sustain heavy casualties, with no clear winner. Later, after visiting Hester\'s husband\'s grave, the three leave on a horse-driven buggy after Hester abandons her scarlet letter, and Pearl, who had been playing with it, drops it on the ground. Then finally before the end credits, Pearl reveals that her father dies before she becomes a teenager and that Hester never remarried.'] ['The film tells the story of the young Siddhartha , born in a rich family, and his search for a meaningful way of life. This search takes him through periods of harsh asceticism, sensual pleasures, material wealth, then self-revulsion and eventually to the oneness and harmony with himself that he had been seeking. Siddhartha learns that the secret of life cannot be passed on from one person to another, but must be achieved through inner experience.'] ["The film takes place in 1958, a time in which pop culture is transforming from 1950s jazz and early rock to a new generation on the verge of the 1960s. London is post-World War II, but pre-Beatles/Stones. The storyline incorporates elements of the 1958 Notting Hill race riots. Young photographer Colin falls in love with aspiring fashion designer Crepe Suzette, but she's only interested in her career. Colin tries to win her affections by taking a crack at the big time himself; meanwhile racial tensions heat up in Colin's neighbourhood of London."] ['Jerry Ryan  is a lawyer from Nebraska who has recently separated from his wife. To get away from it all, he has moved to a shabby apartment in New York. He is struggling with the divorce, which has been filed but is not final, and takes long walks at night. At a party he meets Gittel Mosca , a struggling dancer. They instantly get along, and begin to fall in love. But the relationship is hampered by their differences in background and temperament. Jerry gets a job with a New York law firm and prepares to take the bar examination. He helps Gittel rent a loft for a dance studio, which she rents out to other dancers. But their relationship is stormy. Gittel has a fling with an old boyfriend, and Jerry has difficulty separating himself emotionally from his wife. They prepare to move in together nevertheless, but Gittel is upset when she learns that the divorce came through and Jerry did not tell her about it. Jerry explains that even though he is divorced from his former wife on paper, they continue bonded in many ways, and he decides to return to Nebraska.'] ["In the Alaska wilderness, Boyd Emerson  and Fraser , arrive by dogsled at a village. They are puzzled to receive a chilly welcome from its inhabitants. Frustrated, Boyd gets into a fight with local George Balt , which is broken up by Cherry Malotte . She invites the newcomers to dinner. She explains that they have stumbled into a bitter struggle between two rival fishing groups, hers and Fred Marsh's. Boyd is ready to give up his fruitless search for gold. Cherry reinvigorates him and persuades him to join her side. She sends him, Fraser and Balt to Seattle to get a loan of $200,000 from Cherry's banker friend, Tom Hilliard, to rebuild a cannery. After concluding the deal, Boyd goes to see his socialite fiancée, Mildred Wayland . She is determined to marry him, despite her father's wish that she wed someone with wealth: none other than Fred Marsh. When Marsh provokes him, Boyd carelessly blurts out his plans. Wayne Wayland and Marsh between them see to it that the financing is withdrawn. Notified, Cherry sails for Seattle and dines with Hilliard. It soon becomes plain to the banker that Cherry has fallen in love with Boyd. He explains that the young man already has a girlfriend, and points out the couple dancing elsewhere in the establishment. Cherry then secures the loan by taking up Hilliard's offer to go to his apartment. Boyd assumes, however, that it was due to Mildred's influence with her father. Returning to Alaska with new machinery and Balt's crew, Boyd gets the cannery running in weeks, just in time for the annual salmon run. When Marsh sends his men to wreck their equipment, a brawl breaks out on the water, during which the Waylands arrive on their yacht. Marsh tells Mildred about Cherry, that she is a notorious prostitute known from Sitka to San Francisco. He lies, telling Mildred that Cherry got the loan by spending the night with Hilliard at Boyd's insistence, and that she is more than Boyd's business partner. Mildred ends her engagement, despite Boyd's protests of innocence. Boyd, meanwhile, breaks up with Cherry when she cannot deny how she got the money. Concerned only about Boyd's happiness, Cherry contacts an old friend in her former trade, Queenie. The two board the Wayland yacht, where Cherry proves that Queenie is Marsh's wife. Cherry then convinces Mildred that, while she loves Boyd, nothing happened between them. When Boyd shows up, Mildred is eager to take him back, but by this time, he realizes who he truly loves. He finds Cherry and tells her he cares only about their future together, not her past."] ["Newspaper columnist Peyton MacGruder  finds a note addressed simply to 'T', washed up on shore. It appears to be from the victim of a recent plane crash, and carries a message of hope and forgiveness from a father to his child. MacGruder's readership is down on her column , and the paper is going to dump it unless she starts to write from the heart. Inspired, MacGruder decides to find the intended recipient of the note, all the while logging her journey through her article. As the mystery unfolds, the note affects each person she contacts significantly."] ['Mark Sway and his little brother, Ricky, are sneaking cigarettes in the forest near their home when they witness the suicide of mob lawyer Jerome Clifford. Prior to his suicide, Clifford reveals to Mark that he is killing himself to avoid being murdered by Barry "The Blade" Muldanno, the nephew of notorious mob kingpin "Uncle Johnny Sulari". As a result of witnessing the suicide, Ricky goes in to shock and is hospitalized. It soon becomes apparent to authorities - and the mob - that Clifford may have revealed to Mark the location of the body of a Louisiana senator believed to have been murdered by Muldanno. Mark seeks out a lawyer, and finds Reggie Love , a recovering alcoholic who agrees to defend him in court. They quickly run afoul of Roy Foltrigg , a celebrated and vain U.S. Attorney, who is attempting to solve the case as a springboard to greater ambitions. In the mean time, it is revealed that Sulari never authorized Muldanno to make the hit on the senator, and is requiring Muldanno to try and figure out how much the kids may know about the location of the body. Muldanno is also required to move the body, but isn\'t able to immediately because he had buried it in Clifford\'s boathouse, and the cops are still on the property investigating his suicide. As all parties become increasingly desperate, Foltrigg tries to go to continued legal lengths to get the location of the body through Mark\'s testimony, while Sulari eventually orders Muldanno to kill the children and their lawyer to avoid any further screw-ups in trying to deal with the case. He also orders the body moved, now that the investigation at Clifford\'s home is over. Mark and Reggie go to New Orleans to confirm that the body is still where he was told it is, knowing that it is their only bargaining chip to get Ricky the help he needs, and to place the family in protective custody. They arrive the same night as Muldanno and his fellow mafia goons, who begin digging up the body but who are stopped by Mark and Reggie. In the melee that follows, the mafia goons flee when the neighbor\'s alarm is tripped and the authorities are summoned. Knowing that the body is there, Reggie is able to use the information as a bargaining chip to get the family the full slate of protective custody and medical help for Ricky, as well as a new home and job for the children\'s mother. Although not explicitly stated, it becomes apparent that Sulari has had enough of Muldanno and is going to have his nephew killed. With the body recovered, Foltrigg is a lock-in for the newspaper headlines he craves, and makes mention that he intends to run for governor.'] ['Ted , Jerry , Paul  and Dorothy  are part of the New York in-crowd. Jerry\'s decision to marry Ted crushes Paul. He gets drunk and is involved in an accident that leaves Dorothy\'s face disfigured. Out of pity, Paul marries Dorothy. Ted and Jerry have been married three years when she discovers he had a brief affair with another woman — and when she confronts him on their third anniversary, he tells her it didn\'t "mean a thing". Lonely and upset, and with Ted out on a business trip, Jerry has an affair with his best friend, Don. She shares the truth with Ted upon his return, withholding Don\'s name, and they argue ending with Ted leaving her and the couple filing for a divorce. While Jerry turns to partying to drown her sorrows, Ted becomes an alcoholic. Paul and Jerry run into each other and she discovers he still loves her and is willing to leave Dorothy to be with her. It is only after she meets Dorothy that Jerry is forced to evaluate her decision. Norma Shearer won the Academy Award for Best Actress. Also starring in the film are Robert Montgomery, Conrad Nagel, and Florence Eldridge.'] ['"The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar" Jessica Valdemar, an attractive middle-aged woman, rides in a taxi to the downtown Pittsburgh office of Steven Pike, her elderly husband’s lawyer with some paperwork for Mr. Pike approval. Pike sees that Jessica’s the 63-year-old husband named Ernest Valdemar, who is dying from an unnamed terminal illness, is liquidating a number of his assets for cash and suspects Jessica of having undue influence on him. Jessica denies the allegations that she’s any negative influence over her husband, while Pike makes a phone call to the house to talk with Ernest Valdemar, who speaks over the phone in a weak but coherent voice explaining about his decision to let Jessica take control of his money and assets from his personal signature on the written documents that she has. Pike reluctantly agrees to let Jessica have access to the money, but warns her that if anything were to happen to Mr. Valdemar within the next three weeks before the transfer of his estate over to Jessica is finalized, she will be investigated by the authorities. Jessica returns home to Ernest Valdemar’s large suburban mansion where she meets with Dr. Robert Hoffman where its revealed that he and Jessica have been conspiring to cheat the terminally ill Mr. Valdemar out of his estate by hypnotizing him and having him do what they wish from his deathbed. Jessica doesn’t like the procedure, but Robert wants it done because he used to have a romance with Jessica and wants to run off with her after they acquire his $3 million assets. The next day, Jessica goes to a bank where she withdraws $300,000 and stores it in a safe. Robert sees this. But then, Mr. Valdemar goes into cardiac arrest and dies while under another hypnosis spell. Not wanting to reveal his death just yet, Robert and Jessica carry his body to the basement where they hide it in a freezer. But during the night, Jessica becomes frightened when she hears moaning coming from the basement, but when she tries to wake up Robert, he has put himself under a hypnotic-induced slumber to help him sleep. The next morning, Jessica and Robert wake up and also hear the same noises coming from the basement. Upon checking the body, they hear Ernest Valdemar’s voice coming from the still body claiming that his soul is alive and trapped in a dark void between the living and the dead while under hypnosis. Valdemar tells them that he sees "others" in the dark void looking at him. While Jessica goes out to make sense of this situation, she returns to find Robert talking to Mr. Valdemar’s undead corpse who tells him that the "others" are vengeful spirits trapped in a realm and want to use him to enter our world. Valdemar tells Robert to wake him up and free him from his hypnotic state. In a panic, Jessica shoots Valdemar’s corpse and wants to bury the body and skip town with the money they have. While Robert heads outside to dig a hole to bury the body, Jessica goes back into the cellar only to find Valdemar’s body rising up out of the freezer and walking towards her saying that he is under control of "the others" to use him. Jessica shoots him, but he keeps on coming. Robert enters the house when he hears the gunshots and sees Jessica and Valdemar struggling on the balcony where the undead walking cadaver shoots Jessica in the head and she falls off the balcony, dead. Robert finally tells Valdemar that he’s going to wake him and free him from his hypnosis. But after doing so by counting to five, Valdemar tells Robert that it\'s too late to wake him for without his body as a conduit, the Others cannot return to their realm. "They\'re with you now!" exclaims Valdemar, who finally falls dead. Robert then steals all the cash that Jessica had stored in the safe and flees the house. Robert goes back to his apartment in downtown Pittsburgh, where he puts himself under a hypnotic sleep. But then, the ghostly "Others" enter his apartment and kill him by shoving the hypnotic digital counter into his chest. The ghosts then form themselves into one large mass-like mist and enter Robert\'s dead body. Several days later, the police led by Detective Grogan arrive at Robert’s apartment to answer complaints about a "strange smell" and constant moaning coming from the apartment. Grogan finds the apartment ransacked and the stolen cash scattered everywhere. But just then, the horribly decomposed body of Robert, under the control of the Others, appears and attacks Grogan, telling him that there is nobody to wake him up. "The Black Cat" Rod Usher makes his entrance in a building decorated with the abject remains of dismantled corpses. A naked woman lies bound to a table, sliced in two by a huge pendulum-like blade. Rod is a professional crime scene photographer for as he puts it: "still life’s my art," a talent which ensures that he is frequently called upon the local authorities -led by Detective LeGrand- to document the horrors of the baroque crime scenes which are apparently commonplace in Pittsburgh where Rod lives. After arriving home at a semi-fancy row house, Rod works in his darkroom in the basement developing the photos when his work is interrupted by the appearance of a mysterious black cat, which has apparently been adopted by his live-in girlfriend Annabel. Rod and Annabel’s relationship is uncomfortably distant. Annabel is delicate, sensitive, and somewhat ethereal, while Rod is a rough, burly, brutish man who seem more at home with the gritty hyper-reality of crime scenes that he is with Annabel’s talk of witches and superstition. Annabel, in contrast to Rod, is a professional violinist who gives private lessons to local high school students who show up at the house after their school classes, and she even takes some of them on excursions to local opera houses to watch the arts of life. Over the next several days, a strong antipathy grows between Rod and the mysterious cat, a situation worsened by Annabel’s excessive protection of it. Driven to distraction by the cat’s apparent hatred of him, Rod eventually strangles it during a photo shoot he has set up with the cat being the center of attention. Rod then uses the photos of him strangling the cat to post on the cover of his newest photography book, titled Metropolitan Horrors, a lurid collection of his most revolting pictures. As Annabel begins to guess the truth about what has happened to her pet, the couple embarks on a series of violent arguments, one of which ends with Rod falling into an alcohol-induced sleep where he has a nightmare about participating in a Medieval Pagan festival where he is executed for the murder of the cat. One day, when Annabel finally spots his book in a shop window, with the strangled body of her much-loved cat on the front cover, she immediately goes home and makes plans to leave Rod, who at that very moment is in a local bar drinking heavily. Rod becomes unnerved when the barmaid Eleanora gives him a stray black cat, which is identical to Annabel’s own cat. Rod notices that the inky feline has an identical white marking on its chest . Rod brings the cat home and sets about to kill the feline once and for all. But Annabel intervenes and comes to the cat\'s rescue, causing a confrontation which ends in her gruesome and gory death when Rod hacks her to death with a meat cleaver. After shaking off his suspicious next door neighbor and landlord, Mr. Pym, who arrives after hearing the argument, Rod assures him that nothing is wrong. Confident that he can escape detection, Rod conceals the body behind a wall in the house and invents a story to explain Annabel’s disappearance to her music students, Betty and Christian, when they show up the next day for their violin lessons. But after a confrontation with Christian, who expresses doubt and suspicion to Rod about his story of Annabel leaving him, he confides in Mr. and Mrs. Pym about his suspicions that Rod might have killed Annabel. When Annabel’s friend in New York keeps phoning the house to ask of her whereabouts, Rod becomes increasingly trapped by his own increasing elaborate web of lies. The situation is exacerbated by yet another appearance of the black cat. But this time, Rod ensures its death by slicing it in two with a saw, and disposes of it in a garbage dump. The next day, Detective LeGrand arrives with his partner to question Rod about Annabel’s whereabouts. Despite their stern questioning, Rod is not fazed by their questions. After looking around the house, the detectives leave, but immediately come back when an eerie, distorted mewing sound is heard echoing though one of the walls. Rod is handcuffed and the fake wall of that he put up is torn down and his crime scene is finally revealed. It reveals that the ever troublesome feline had given birth in Annabel’s tomb and its offspring are now feasting on the remains of their mistress. Not to be outdone, Rod grabs the pickaxe from LeGrand\'s partner and in seconds kills both policemen. But handcuffed and in a panic, Rod tries to make his escape when his neighbors show up after nearing the commotion, pounding on the front door. Rod attempts to flee from his house by climbing out a second floor window by using a rope to tie around a tree in his backyard. But his plan fails when he gets tangled in the rope and slips, the rope tightening around his neck and killing him. The black cat makes a final appearance and stares at the fate Rod had coming for him.'] ["Joe One-Way  is serving a life sentence for the passion murder of his teenage bride Kimba . At the urging of his cellmate Clinique , he composes the play White Man: Black Hole about his crime. Joe had been incarcerated 18 years, before Hollywood agent Markie Mark , who wishes to make a film of the play, arranges that Joe gets an early release from prison. Wanting to create a great deal of media buzz, he brings Joe into the his offices to rewrite the stage play in order to give it greater audience appeal. There, Joe meets Fleur , Markie's arm candy. Learning she had been a fan of his for some time, the two begin a torrid affair. Joe then searches for a way to reconcile the crime for which he had never forgiven himself."] [' Jessica Drummond  is comforted by the executor of her husband\'s estate, lawyer Frank Everett , who\'s been a family friend for years and, later, shows an interest in dating "Jess". Her mother  has worn black for decades, since her husband passed, and would love for her daughter to follow her example. Jess has two young boys: Kim , who is fourteen, and Keith , who\'s twelve. Both go off to school leaving their newly widowed mother at home alone to deal with her loneliness. She tries to reconnect with the "old gang" that she and her husband socialized with while he was alive, but finds they remind her too much of him. She\'s even accosted by one of them, George Van Orman , when he brings her home one night. Fortunately, she has a real friend in Gina Abbott , whom she runs to, and stays with, the night she was accosted. Gina and her husband Cary  invite Jess to spend a week\'s vacation at Lake Tahoe with them. When Jess finds herself lost somewhere on the slopes with a broken ski, she meets Major Scott Landis . He helps her back to the Abbott\'s lodge where she introduces them to Scott. After an evening of socializing, he spends the night downstairs on the sofa. That week, Jess and Scott get to know each other better, but she spurns his advances. Given her conservative upbringing, she accuses him of spoiling their good time, and she directs him to leave without an appropriate goodbye or discussion about any future. Back in Lake Forest, just outside Chicago, Jess finds herself alone again except for her longtime housekeeper & cook Anna . Frank comes to call and is invited to join them for dinner. However, just then the phone rings and it\'s Gina, who tells Jess than she and Cary are out at a club where they\'ve spotted Major Landis. So, Jess asks Frank if they can go out instead of eating at home, and then goes to get all dressed up. Once at the club, Jess initiates bumping into Scott and finds out that he\'s been stationed in Chicago before he gets his orders for overseas, which could come at any time. Another day, Scott asks Jess to meet him at his apartment before going out to dinner. And finally, after 50 minutes of the movie, we have idea of where it got its name. A friend of Jess\'s mother, Stella Thompson  sees Jess enter the Major\'s apartment, which later she evidently spreads as gossip. Of course, this becomes a subject of discussion among Jess\'s  social friends, including Riette Van Orman , the lecherous George\'s wife, and eventually their children. In fact, upon returning for the holidays, Kim & Keith learn of their mother\'s "affairs" at the Van Orman\'s daughter Gretchen\'s  party. There is a priceless scene in which Jess\'s mother confronts Scott on Christmas Eve while everyone, including Frank and the Abbotts, are busy trimming the tree. All the while, however, Jess\'s relationship with Scott could best be described as platonic, though Jess has begun to return some of Scott\'s affections for her, initially out of spite for the rumor mill. She later confronts it head-on, in the person of Ms. Van Orman.'] ["While on a cruise, stodgy, overly-frugal businessman Larry Wilson  gets hit on the head with an oar while rescuing 'Doc' Ryan . He wakes up and remembers that he is actually a suave conman named George Cary; Doc is one of his crooked associates. However, he has lost all memory of the past nine years as Larry. He returns to New York and learns that he is married to Kay , who is in the process of divorcing him to marry Herbert . George talks Doc into masquerading as a physician treating him, partly out of curiosity, but mostly because of greed, after seeing the balance in his checking account. That turns out to be a dead end (the money is only held in trust for the [[Community Chest , so he decides to swindle people using his alter-ego's sterling reputation. A complication arises when he falls in love with Kay a second time. She however wants nothing further to do with her boring cheapskate of a husband. George attempts to win back Kay's affections while simultaneously trying to sell some worthless land to the greedy leading citizens of the town."] ["A single father balances his work as an attorney with the care of his five year old son and his work as a high school basketball coach in rural Kansas, where he moved after his wife abandoned him in Chicago. Just as he starts to develop a new relationship with a veterinarian's assistant, his ex-wife suddenly reappears and wants to re-assert herself in her husband and son's life. On top of the romantic conflict, he is also suddenly presented with the opportunity of a lifetime to join a major firm in Dallas."] ["The film's title is a reference to the staircases inside a public, overcrowded New York City high school with a number of troubled students. Sylvia Barrett, fresh out of graduate school, has just been hired to teach English to the teens in this place. Many are undisciplined, a few are hanging with gangs. Not everyone is agreeable with Sylvia's quiet approach to the situation, but she intends to get the teens to become good students and get them into real learning."] ["In 1880, Rafe Covington  is with his best friend Charles Rodney  on a vessel bound for San Francisco. However, Rodney picks a fight with the ship's captain , and the captain beats Rodney nearly to death. On his death bed, Rodney asks Covington to take care of his Wyoming Ranch and his wife, Anne . Covington promises, and Rodney dies peacefully. Covington, full of fury, beats up the captain, and then he and his other two best friends, Rock Mullaney  and J.T Langston  head off to Wyoming, where they find the ranch deserted. They immediately start to take care of the ranch. Covington heads off into town to pick up supplies, which is run by Bruce Barkow , who is wooing Anne Rodney, who has received news off her husband's death. Covington makes friends with Joe Gill , an old cowboy who was a friend of Rodney. Covington meets Barkow, but makes enemies with the Taggart brothers (Mike  and Luke  and Snake Corville . Covington meets with Anne, and tells her of what happened, but she refuses to believe him. Covington picks up the supplies, and Gill agrees to help out at the ranch. Covington, Rock, J.T and Gill round up the cattle and get the ranch going again, but this makes Barkow angry. Covington repeatedly tries to convince Anne that he was there when Rodney died and he is here to look after her and the ranch, but again and again she refuses to believe him. One day, Covington, Rock, J.T and Gill go into town for a drink, and Covington buys a new Winchester rifle that was meant for Rodney. However, Mike Taggart challenges Covington to a fight. Taggart shoots at Covington and misses; Covington returns fire and kills Mike. Snake jumps out and tries to shoot Covington, but Covington shoots him to. Covington rides out and Luke Taggart swears vengeance on Covington. Angry at everything that's been going on, Barkow gives Covington, Rock and J.T three days to clear out of the ranch, or he will force them out. He offers Gill to stay, but Gill openly sides with Covington. Barkow hires Bo Dorn ([[Brad Johnson , one of the best gunfighters in the area. The three days run up, and Covington has still not cleared out, and Barkow sends Dorn to the ranch. Dorn takes cover among the trees using a sniper rifle. Anne rides to the ranch, and tells Covington that she believes him, and has had enough of Barkow. Just then, Dorn shoots and kills J.T. Anne rides back into town while Covington, Rock and Gill bury J.T. In town, Barkow forces Anne to marry him, therefore giving him control of the ranch. Barkow takes Anne to a hotel room, and she passes out and he locks her in. Having had enough, Covington, Rock and Gill load up and ride into town. Barkow, Dorn and Barkow's thugs open fire and the battle begins. While Rock, Gill and the gunstore owner fight Barkow and his men, Covington takes on Dorn in a tense shootout. Dorn shoots Covington in the shoulder, but Covington plays dead. Just when Dorn isn't looking, Covington shoots him twice. Covington approaches Dorn, who slowly dies. Covington holsters his weapon. Barkow suddenly appears and shoots Covington again the back. Barkow prepares to finish off Covington, but Anne shoots Barkow as well with Covington's rifle, saving Covington. Meanwhile, Rock, Gill and the gunstore owner kill Barkow's thugs. However, Gill and the gunstore owner are both shot and wounded, but survive along with Rock. With Barkow and his thugs taken care of, Anne nurses Covington back to health and the town returns to a peaceful life. It's implied that Covington and Anne get married."] ["Young Nigel Slater  is keen on cooking while his mother  - who suffers from chronic asthma - is a poor cook whose speciality is toast. As her illness worsens, so does Nigel's relationship with his father Alan . After Nigel's mother dies, his father begins to spend his evenings with newly divorced cleaner Mrs. Potter , whose signature lemon meringue pie is a hit with Mr. Slater; Nigel would later try to extract the recipe from her. Alan and Mrs. Potter embark on a relationship, and soon move to a remote part of the Herefordshire countryside with Nigel, who dislikes his father's new partner. As a teenager, Nigel  finds solace in home economics classes at school, and uses his improved culinary skills to gain his father's affections, thus becoming Mrs Potter's rival. The excessive food causes Mr. Slater to gain weight and become more temperamental. Nigel soon lands a job in the kitchen of his local pub to avoid Mrs. Potter, and falls in love with the landlady's son; the relationship is cut short when the latter leaves town. When Mr. Slater dies from an implied heart attack from the food that Mrs. Potter has been feeding him, Nigel's mind is set as he packs a bag for London, leaving Mrs. Potter behind. While leaving the country home, Nigel thanks Mrs. Potter and to her confusion, walks off, vowing to never see or speak to her again. He soon arrives at The Savoy Hotel where he is offered a job in the kitchen by a chef portrayed by the real Nigel Slater."] ['{{Further2}} In 1987, obese, illiterate, 16-year-old Claireece "Precious" Jones  lives in the New York City ghetto of Harlem with her dysfunctional and abusive mother, Mary . She has been raped by her father, Carl , resulting in two pregnancies. She suffers long-term physical and mental abuse from her unemployed mother. The family resides in a Section 8 tenement and survives on welfare. Her first child, known as "Mongo", which is short for Mongoloid, has Down syndrome and is being cared for by Precious\' grandmother, though Mary forces the family to pretend Mongo lives with her and Precious so she can receive extra money from the government. Following the discovery of Precious\' second pregnancy, she is taken out of school. Her high school principal arranges to have her attend an alternative school, which she hopes can help Precious change her life\'s direction. Precious finds a way out of her traumatic daily existence through imagination and fantasy. In her mind, there is another world where she is loved and appreciated. Inspired by her new teacher, Blu Rain , Precious begins to learn to read and write. Precious meets sporadically with a social worker named Ms. Weiss , who learns about incest in the household when Precious lets slip who fathered her children. Precious gives birth to her second child and names him Abdul. While at the hospital, she meets John McFadden , a nursing assistant who shows kindness to her. After her mother hits Precious and deliberately drops three-day-old Abdul, Precious fights back long enough to get her son and flees her home permanently. Shortly after leaving the house, Precious stops at a window of a church and watches the choir inside sing a Christmas song. She begins to imagine herself, and her dream boyfriend, singing a more upbeat version of the Christmas song. Later on, Precious breaks into her school classroom to get out of the cold and is discovered the following morning by Miss Rain. The teacher finds assistance for Precious, who begins raising her son in a halfway house while she continues academically. Her mother comes back into her life to inform Precious that her father has died of AIDS. Later, Precious learns that she is HIV positive, but Abdul is not. Feeling dejected, Precious meets Ms. Weiss at her office and steals her case file. Precious recounts the details of the file to her fellow students and has a new lease on life. Mary and Precious see each other for the last time in Ms. Weiss\' office, where Weiss questions Mary about her abuse of Precious, and uncovers specific physical and sexual traumas Precious encountered, starting when she was three. Mary begs Ms. Weiss to help get Precious back, but she refuses upon finding out the extent of the abuse. The film ends with Precious still resolved to improve her life for herself and her children. She severs ties with her mother and plans to complete a GED test to receive a high school diploma equivalent.'] ['In the prologue, a young Max Skinner spends his childhood summer holidays learning to appreciate the finer things in life at his Uncle Henry\'s vineyard estate in Provence in southeastern France. Some 25 years later, Max is an unethical, aggressive, hard-working London-based investment trader. Following his uncle\'s death, Max is the sole beneficiary of the French property. He travels to Provence to prepare a quick sale. Shortly after arriving he knocks a local cafe owner, named Fanny Chenal, off her bicycle as a result of his careless driving. Subsequently, he discovers that his latest City financial stunt has landed him in hot water with the UK government and with his firm\'s directors, necessitating his return to London. To assist in his planned sale of the property, Max hurriedly snaps some photos and in the process falls into an empty swimming pool. He is unable to escape until Fanny Chenal, driving by and spotting his rental car, appears and turns on the water supply in retaliation. This delay causes Max to miss his flight and having failed to report to the directors in person, he is suspended from work and trading activities for one week. On Henry\'s estate, Max must deal with a gruff, dedicated winemaker, Francis Duflot, who fears being separated from his precious vines. Duflot pays a vineyard inspector to tell Max that the soil is bad and the vines worthless. In the meantime, they are surprised by the unexpected arrival of young Napa Valley oenophile Christie Roberts, who is backpacking through Europe and claims to be Henry\'s previously unknown illegitimate daughter. Max is concerned that she might lay claim to the estate. Worried about being usurped by Kenny, his second-in-command in London , Max intentionally gives the ambitious young trader bad advice, which gets him fired. Max becomes enamored with the beautiful, feisty café owner Fanny, who is rumored to have sworn off men. He successfully woos Fanny into his bed, where she leaves Max the next morning expecting him to return to his life in London. A disillusioned Christie also decides to move on and the estate is sold. Max returns to his life in London where Sir Nigel, the company chairman, offers Max a choice: "Money or your life." He must either choose a discharge settlement, which includes "a lot of zeros," or accept the offer of a partnership in the trading firm, where he would then be "made for life". Max chooses the money. He then cleverly invalidates the estate\'s contract of sale by forging a letter from Henry  confirming that Christie is his daughter and also has a valid claim on the property. He puts his London residence up for sale and returns to Provence, entering into a relationship with Fanny. Christie also returns and she and Francis now jointly have to run the vineyard while trying to reconcile their vastly different philosophies of wine production. Meanwhile Max is now able to focus his entire attention on Fanny.'] ['Sherlock Holmes  pretends to be a Nazi spy to aid scientist Dr. Franz Tobel  and his new invention, a bombsight, in escaping a Gestapo trap in Switzerland. Holmes and Franz fly to London, where Holmes places him under the protection of his friend, Dr. Watson . The scientist slips away against Holmes\' instructions for a secret reunion with his fiancee, Charlotte Eberli , and gives her an envelope containing a coded message. He tells Charlotte to give it to Holmes if anything should happen to him. Leaving Charlotte\'s apartment, an attempt to abduct him by German spies is foiled by a passing London bobby. Tobel successfully demonstrates the bombsight for Sir Reginald Bailey  and observers from Bomber Command. Tobel, now under the protection of Inspector Lestrade  and Scotland Yard, tells Sir Reginald that, although willing to provide the British with his bombsight, only he will know its secret and has a complex plan for its manufacture to keep the secret safe. He separates his invention into four parts and gives one to each of four Swiss scientists, known only to him, to construct separately and whose names are unknown to each other. Soon after, Holmes receives a call from Lestrade telling him that Tobel has disappeared. Holmes goes to Charlotte\'s apartment, where he receives the Tobel\'s envelope. Rather than the coded message, the message inside is from Holmes\' nemesis, master criminal Professor Moriarty . Disguising himself as Ram Singh, one of Moriarty\'s old henchmen, Holmes searches the Soho district for information. He encounters two henchmen, but is captured by Moriarty. Holmes is put into the false bottom of a sea chest, but is rescued when Watson and Lestrade observe the henchmen struggling with its unusual weight. Holmes returns to Charlotte\'s apartment to search for clues to the message\'s contents. He finds impressions of the message left on a notepad page by immersing it in "fluorescent salts... and then photograph it by ultraviolet light." Holmes breaks the first three lines of a cunningly modified alphabet substitution code, which are the identities and locations of three of the scientists, but unable to break the fourth line, which has been altered as an added precaution, soon learns that Moriarty has murdered all three and stolen their parts. Meanwhile, Moriarty, also unable to break the fourth line, tortures Tobel for the name of the fourth scientist. Holmes deduces the change in the code and breaks the fourth line, identifying the scientist as Professor Frederick Hoffner . Moriarty accidentally deciphers the code. He sends agents to abduct Hoffner, who has the brilliance to put the four parts together should Tobel not recover from torture. The German agents bring the scientist, who is actually Holmes in disguise again, to Moriarty\'s seemingly undetectable stronghold. Unknown to Moriarty, Holmes had the real Hoffner attach an apparatus to their car that drips luminous paint  at regular intervals. Holmes uses Moriarty\'s vanity and pride to trick him into slowly bleeding Holmes to death "drop by drop", to stall for time. Holmes is saved at the last minute, however, by Watson and Lestrade, who with Hoffner\'s help, successfully followed the drops. Scotland Yard apprehends the spies, but Moriarty escapes. When he attempts to complete his escape through a secret passageway, he falls sixty feet to his death; Holmes has discovered the criminal\'s hidden trap door and left it open.David Stuart Davies, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9 This is the second Basil Rathbone "Sherlock Holmes" film in which Moriarty dies. He is thrown to his death from the top of the Tower of London by Holmes in 1939\'s The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. During the course of the adventure, Holmes adopts the disguises of an elderly German bookseller , the lascar sailor Ram Singh, and the Swiss scientist Professor Hoffner. His disguise as the bookseller was parodied in the film The Pink Panther. The film is a loose adaptation of The Adventure of the Dancing Men; while credited as an adaptation, the only content which bears similarity is the "dancing men" code.'] ["Pip was once a normal 11-year-old kid with a happy life, but she became very lonely when her father and brother died at a plane crash. Especially her mother Ophelia has trouble dealing with the loss and becomes depressed. While walking on the beach one day, Pip meets Matt, an artist with a broken heart. She immediately befriends him. Her mother worries about her friendship and suspects Matt of being a pedophile. However, it doesn't take long before Matt wins over Ophelia's heart as well."] ['While diving off the Miami coast seeking one of the eleven fabled Spanish Galleons sunk in 1591, private investigator Tony Rome discovers a dead blonde, her feet encased in cement, at the bottom of the ocean. Rome reports this to Lieutenant Dave Santini and thinks little more of the incident until man-mountain Waldo Gronski hires him to find a missing woman, Sandra Lomax. Gronski has little in the way of affluence, so allows Rome to pawn his ring to retain his services. After investigating the local hot-spots and picking up on a few names, Rome soon comes across Kit Forrester, whose party Sandra Lomax was supposed to have attended. Rome’s talking to Forrester raises the ire of racketeer Al Mungar, a supposedly reformed gangster who looks after Kit’s interests. Rome, thinking there may be a connection between Lomax, Forrester and Mungar, starts probing into their backgrounds and begins a romantic relationship with Kit. With both cops and crooks chasing him and the omnipresent Gronski breathing down his neck, Rome finds himself deep in a case that provides few answers.'] ['The Earl and Countess of Rhyall  are facing financial troubles and are therefore forced to permit guided tours of their stately home. A suave, somewhat obnoxious American oil tycoon, Charles Delacro , barges into the lady of the manor\'s private quarters, either deliberately or by mistake. He introduces himself, explaining the family name was originally "Delacroix" but his grandfather tired of Americans pronouncing the "X" in the name. Delacro\'s attentions to the Countess turn her head. Rather than behave jealously, the Earl invites the American to come visit, along with an equally grating ex-girlfriend of Lord Rhyall\'s, the American heiress Hattie Durant . A love triangle  soon develops, kicking off a tale of love, jealousy and other strong emotions that eventually leads the gentlemen to a duel with pistols.'] ['Snehmoy Chatterjee  and Miyage  are pen friends who exchange wedding vows through letters. Fifteen years pass but they never meet. Yet the bond of marriage is strong between them. This unusual relationship comes under a cloud when a young widow, Sandhya , comes to stay with Snehmoy along with her eight-year-old son Poltu. Snehmoy and the little boy bond and the arithmetic teacher discovers the joy of palpable bonds and fatherhood. There develops an inexplicable thread of understanding with Sandhya too. But Snehmoy remained loyal to his unseen Japanese wife. When Miyage was ill from cancer, he took a long leave from his school and tried to find a cure for her illness. Snehamoy sets out one day during a storm to talk to the closest oncologist, but leaves upon realization that without Miyage physically being there, the doctor can do little. On the way back, the storm turns violent, with harsh wind and rain. He catches pneumonia when he returns to his house. Due to the continuing storm, no villagers are able to travel to Calcutta by boat to obtain the antibiotics required to cure his infection. He dies some days later. after the sea calms down,a bald Miyage in a white Sari, visits the house of her late husband Snehamoy.'] ['James Ballard , a film producer, and his wife, Catherine , are in an open marriage. The couple engage in various infidelities, but between them have only unenthusiastic sex. Their arousal is heightened by discussing the intimate details of their extramarital sex. While driving home from work late one night, Ballard\'s car collides head-on with another, killing its male passenger. While trapped in the fused wreckage, the driver, Dr. Helen Remington , wife of the killed passenger, exposes a breast to Ballard when she pulls off the shoulder harness of her seat belt. While recovering, Ballard meets Remington again, as well as a man named Vaughan , who takes a keen interest in the brace holding Ballard\'s shattered leg together and photographs it. While leaving the hospital, Remington and Ballard begin an affair, one primarily fueled by their shared experience of the car crash . In an attempt to make some sense of why they are so aroused by their car wreck, they go to see one of Vaughan\'s cult meetings/performance pieces, an actual recreation of the car crash that killed James Dean with authentic cars and stunt drivers. When Transport Ministry officials break up the event Ballard flees with Remington and Vaughan. Ballard becomes one of Vaughan\'s followers who fetishise car accidents, obsessively watching car safety test videos and photographing traffic accident sites. Ballard drives Vaughan\'s Lincoln convertible around the city while Vaughan picks up and uses street prostitutes, and later Ballard\'s wife. In turn, Ballard has a dalliance with one of the other group members, Gabrielle , a beautiful woman whose legs are clad in restrictive steel braces, and who has a vulva-like scar on the back of one of her thighs, which is used as a substitute for a vagina by Ballard. The film\'s sexual couplings in  cars are not restricted to heterosexual experiences. While watching videos of car crashes, Remington becomes extremely aroused and gropes the crotches of both Ballard and Gabrielle, suggesting an imminent ménage à trois. In fact, Vaughan and Ballard eventually turn towards each other and have a homosexual encounter while later, Gabrielle and Remington have a lesbian affair. Though Vaughan claims at first that he is interested in the "reshaping of the human body by modern technology," in fact his project is to live out the philosophy that the car crash is a "fertilising rather than a destructive event, mediating the sexuality of those who have died with an intensity that\'s impossible in any other form." The film\'s climax begins with Vaughan\'s death and ends with Ballard being involved in another semi-deliberate car accident, this one involving his wife. Their fetish for car crashes has, ironically enough, had a strengthening effect on the Ballards\' marriage. As he caresses her bruised body in the grass median near the accident, Ballard and his wife display much more affection for each other than they had previously, ending with Ballard lamenting, "Maybe next time" possibly implying that the logical end result of their extreme fetish is death.'] ['Veronika  wakes up in a mental institution after a failed suicide attempt. She discovers that as a result of the overdose she took, she has a weakened heart and has only a matter of weeks to live. The film follows her journey as she finds true love and a new found appreciation of life. Throughout the film, she changes her opinion of death and finds some joy in life.'] ["Rains plays Maximus , who with the help of his wife, Rene , and their secret code, performs an English music hall mind-reading act. Then, one night, he notices Christine Shawn , a beautiful woman in the audience, and his act begins to turn into reality. He is able to tell a man what is in his letter without any assistance. Maximus doesn't think much of it, but then, by chance, he and Christine run into each other on a train, and he foretells an impending crash. He pulls the emergency cord to stop the train, but nobody believes him. He, his family and Christine get off, and a few minutes later, what he saw comes to pass. Christine tells her father, who happens to own a newspaper. He publishes the story, making Maximus famous. Eventually, Maximus realizes that his power only works when Christine is around; as they spend more time together, Christine falls in love with him, and Rene becomes jealous. Meanwhile, his mother , reveals that she has seen the same thing before and believes that no good will come of it, but Maximus pays little attention, enjoying his well-paid success. Another of his well-publicized predictions comes true. A 100-to-1 long shot wins the Epsom Derby. However, when he ignores his own prophesy that his mother will die, rushing to beg him to stop using his power, he is so distraught when it happens that he decides to do as she wanted. Then, he foretells a great mining disaster. However, he is unable to convince the management to allow the workers to stay away from the mine. Hundreds are killed and more are missing and presumed dead. Looking for a scapegoat, the public blames him and he is brought to trial. The prosecution claims that Maximus himself caused the tragedies, by delaying the train and panicking the miners into making a mistake. However, he is able to correctly predict that the missing miners will be found alive and is released. Maximus decides to give up his gift and he and Rene slip away into obscurity."] ['{{plot}} The story starts in medias res, using a complex series of flashbacks. The three surviving servicemen, Hayes, Gagnon, and Bradley, are recalled to the US to help the 7th war bond drive. As they tour the country, they have a series of memory flashbacks. The plot focuses on seven United States Marines of the 28th Marine Regiment, 5th Marine Division, Sgt. Mike Strank, Pfc. Rene Gagnon, Pfc. Ira Hayes, Cpl. Harlon Block, Pfc. Franklin Sousley, Sgt. Hank Hansen, and Pfc. Ralph Ignatowski, as well as their Navy Corpsman, PhM2. John "Doc" Bradley. In December 1944, U.S. Marines train at Camp Tarawa, Hawaii. They train by climbing a large mountain and getting in Higgins boats. The Marines then set sail across the Pacific, and it is revealed that they are headed to the small island of Iwo Jima. Captain Severance explains they will expect tough resistance. A few days later, the armada arrives off the coast of Iwo Jima and the ships of the United States Navy open fire on suspected Japanese positions. it is learned that the Navy is cutting the bombardment from the planned ten days to merely three. Mike is put in charge of second platoon. The next day, February 19, 1945, the Marines hit the beach in landing craft. Ralph, aka "Iggy", suspects that the Navy killed all the Japanese defenders. The Marines advance and the Japanese open fire. The Marines take heavy casualties. Japanese heavy artillery opens fire upon the Marines on shore, as well as the Navy ships. They advance, as do many other Marines. The battle begins to calm down and the beachheads are secured. Two days later the Marines attack Mount Suribachi under a rain of Japanese artillery and machine gun fire, as the Navy bombards the mountain. It is here that Doc saves the lives of several Marines under fire which later earns him the Navy Cross. Finally, the mountain is secure. On February 23, the platoon under Hank\'s command is ordered to climb Mount Suribachi. They reach the top and hoist the American flag atop the mountain. When Secretary of the Navy James Forrestal arrives on Iwo Jima, he requests to have the flag for himself. Colonel Johnson is furious, and resolves to keep the original flag for the regiment. He orders Captain Severance to bring the flag down and replace it with another one for Forrestal to take. Severance sends Rene, who is a runner, to go with Second Platoon to the top of the mountain and switch flags. When Second Platoon reaches the top, they take down the first flag. Mike, Harlon, Doc, Ira, Rene and Franklin then raise the second flag. The event is seemingly insignificant but it is captured by combat photographer Joe Rosenthal, and the image becomes iconic. On March 1, Second Platoon is on patrol when they are ambushed by a Japanese machine gun team. Mike orders Harlon to have his parateam take out the machine gun nest. The gunner is killed. Mike goes up to examine a dead Marine. He turns around and orders the unit to move up. Almost immediately afterward, a Navy shell lands right behind him knocking him down. In the smoke and confusion a Japanese soldier remans the machine gun and opens fire, killing the lieutenant. The machine gunner is quickly killed but Mike is critically wounded. Doc does everything he can but Mike dies within minutes of getting hit. Mike\'s death hits the squad hard, as they all idolized him. Things only get worse from then on. Later that day Hank is shot in the chest and dies almost instantly. Harlon is killed by machine gun fire hours later. Two nights later while Doc is helping a wounded Marine, Iggy is abducted by Japanese troops and dragged into a tunnel. His viciously mangled body is found a few days later by Doc. On March 21, as the battle is winding down Franklin is killed by machine gun fire and dies in Ira\'s arms. Of the eight men in the squad only three are left: Doc, Ira and Rene. A few days after Franklin\'s death, Doc is wounded by artillery fire while trying to save a fellow corpsman. He survives and is sent back home. On March 26, the battle ends and the U.S. Marines are victorious. After the battle the press gets hold of the photograph of the second flag raising. It is a huge morale booster, and papers all over the country ask for prints. When Rene is asked who is in the photo, he gives five names, including his own, saying that the other four are, Mike, Doc, Franklin, but says that Hank was in the photograph . He then tells Ira he is the sixth man. Ira corrects him, saying that it was Harlon, and fiercely denies being in the photo, going as far to threaten Rene with a bayonet to his throat. Even though Rene tells him they\'ll be sent home, Ira won\'t give in. However, when Rene is threatened with being sent back to the fighting, he tells their bond tour guide Sgt. Keyes Beech that Ira was the sixth man, though not telling him that Harlon was in the photo, not Hank. Doc, who was in the hospital, is sent stateside with Ira and Rene as part of the seventh bond tour drive to raise money for the war effort. When they go to Washington, they meet Bud Gerber of the Treasury Department, who will be their other guide. Doc notices that Hank\'s mother is on the list of mothers of the dead flag raisers. Ira gets mad and calls the whole thing a farce. An annoyed Bud then confesses that the country cannot afford the war and if the bond drive fails the U.S. will abandon the Pacific and their sacrifices will be for nothing. The three give in and decide not to tell anyone that Harlon was actually in the photograph. The bond drive begins, and the three flag raisers are sent around the United States to raise money and make speeches. Ira gets drunk frequently, often breaking down from the memories that haunt him. The night the three men raise a fake flag at Soldier Field, Ira gets drunk and throws up in front of General Alexander Vandegrift, commandant of the Marine Corps. Vandegrift is furious at Bud and Keyes, telling them to send Ira back to his unit. When Keyes tells Ira he\'s going back, Ira confesses that he can\'t stand being called a hero, and that Mike was a true hero. Ira says goodbye to Doc and Rene and goes back to the Pacific. The bond drive continues. In September the war ends and Doc, Rene and Ira go home. Ira tries to move on but is never able to escape his unwanted fame. One day in 1952 after being released from jail, he hitchhikes over 1,300 miles to Texas to see Harlon Block\'s family. He tells Ed Block, Harlon\'s father that Harlon was indeed at the base of the flag in the famous photograph. In 1954, the USMC War Memorial is dedicated and the three flag raisers see each other one last time. In 1955 Ira dies of exposure after a night of drinking. That same year Doc drove to a town where Iggy\'s mom lived and told her how Iggy died, though it is implied that he lied. Rene has little success as the business offers he received on the bond drive are no longer offered to him. He spends the rest of his life as a high school janitor, dying in 1979. Doc is the only successful one. He buys the funeral home he worked at before the war and runs it for the rest of his life. In 1994, as he is on his death bed, he tells his son James how after the flag raising Captain Severance took the men swimming. He then dies peacefully. In a final flashback to 1945, the men swim in the ocean after raising the flags.'] ["The film starts during a basketball game. At the last minute Odin scores the basket that wins the game for his team. Later at an awards ceremony Duke presents the MVP award to Odin for his efforts, an award he shares with Michael. At a party celebrating the victory, Hugo plans with Roger to tell Desi's father that Odin raped her in order to split them up so that Roger can woo her. Roger, however, is only a pawn in Hugo's ultimate plan to destroy Odin. Later in another game Odin's team wins once again. At the celebration party, Hugo engineers a fight between Roger and a very drunk Michael, who is temporarily suspended from the team. Hugo tells Michael to ingratiate himself with Desi so that she will talk to Odin on his behalf. Soon afterward, Hugo tells Odin that Desi and Michael have been spending a lot of time together, and that she may be cheating on him. Odin doesn't believe this at first, but gradually comes to suspect them. Odin questions Desi, but she calms him down and he believes her. In the meantime, Hugo manipulates Emily into stealing a scarf for him that Odin had given to Desi. Hugo, in turn, gives it to Michael in hopes that Odin will believe that Desi gave Michael the scarf, and so is cheating on him. Meanwhile, Desi and Odin are having passionate sex at a motel. During their lovemaking, Odin sees an image of Michael on top of Desi in the mirror; angered, he becomes very rough with Desi, to the point that she cries out for him to stop, a plea he ignores. Afterward, they lie together staring in opposite directions. After a dunk contest in which Odin himself performs a dunk that pulls the rim and breaks the glass backboard and assaults a ball boy, Hugo tells Odin about the scarf, convincing him that Desi is cheating on him. Enraged, Odin vows to kill her; Hugo then promises to kill Michael. Hugo, with Odin and Roger, plans to kill Michael and Desi. Hugo and Roger attempt to kill Michael in a carjacking, but it does not go as planned: Roger and Michael struggle, Hugo hits Michael with a crowbar, knocking him unconscious. Roger shoots Michael in the leg, and then Hugo turns the gun on Roger and makes him shoot himself after telling him that Desi is dead. Odin and Desi are in Desi's room talking and Odin is pretending to make up with her. They are making out on the bed when suddenly Odin attacks her; she fights back, but he finally strangles her. Emily rushes into the room and sees Desi's body; she soon finds out what Hugo has done. She begins telling Odin that Hugo told her to steal the scarf and exposes his plot. Hugo tells her to shut up, but she refuses, so he shoots and kills her. Odin finally realizes that Hugo has been manipulating him the entire time, and demands to know why; Hugo refuses to answer. When the police arrive, Odin tells them what happened, and commits suicide, shooting himself in the heart. The story ends with Hugo being taken into police custody, saying  that he will have his day in the spotlight."] ['The Bad Mother’s Handbook depicts the story of one year in the lives of three women. In this television adaptation of Kate Long’s best selling novel, Catherine Tate plays Karen, who is a frustrated woman in her thirties whose whole life and identity are shattered when she discovers a long-kept secret. Holly Grainger plays Karen’s clever and hormonal teenage daughter Charlotte, while Anne Reid appears as Karen’s mother, Nan, who is suffering from Alzheimer’s. Robert Pattinson is also a supporting character as lovable yet nerdy, Daniel Gale. The movie presents an insight into the life of motherhood and childhood, dwelling on the themes that no two mothers are alike, but that ultimately love is the most important thing of all. All of this talks about true events that sometimes happens in the world.'] ['"No life is perfect - even if it seems to be," says James Manning, a wealthy London solicitor. When it comes to matters of right and wrong, he likes to think of himself as inflexible. Anne, his much younger wife, is accommodating and dutiful and likes the life they lead, the house in London, the Buckinghamshire hideaway. The couple seems to have it all, yet events soon will prove them wrong. In the village, a neighbour has reappeared: William Bule, son of a leading local family. He has recently returned from America, a bad marriage, and two children whose ages he cannot bother to remember. Bill is indolent and insinuating and at the village cricket match he catches Anne\'s eye. Because of him, she suggests to her reluctant husband that they should have neighbours over for drinks. However, that evening, James has to work late in the city. Before the party is set to begin, a speeding car sideswipes a man bicycling along a village lane. The man is hurled to the ground and dies a few days later. He was the husband of Maggie, the Mannings’ housekeeper. Anne takes a special interest in Maggie\'s well-being, but James can\'t understand her sudden teary investment in their housekeeper’s personal life. James, whose priorities have become skewed toward work rather than toward his wife, soon becomes suspicious that Bill may be involved in that fatal hit-and-run. When confronted, Bill initially denies the allegation, but soon tells James that the next day he would go to the police and confess, if that is what he wants, although he sees no benefit from his confessions. Back home, when James tells Anne about his conversation with Bill, she has also some striking confessions to make. Anne reveals one hurtful secret while making a salad: she was actually driving Bill’s car when drunk and accidentally hit the cyclist. While artfully arranging ingredients on a platter, she informs her already distraught husband that she has also been having an affair with Bill. Telling her story, she asserts that Bill doesn\'t really mean anything to her, because he doesn\'t make demands or judge her, as James does in little, incessant ways. Precisely because he\'s a lout, Bill makes her feel oddly liberated, if not loved. As a Buckinghamshire police inspector questions the Mannings and Bill about the accident, James is torn between doing the right thing and maintaining appearances at all costs. James really loves Anne, and the couple takes a trip to Wales in an effort to leave the accident, their guilt, and their marital troubles behind. However, Maggie, whose husband was killed, witnessed the accident. She saw the car and identifies it as belonging to Bill Bule. Yet her testimony may be biased, since Maggie knows William Bule well, having worked for his family until she was accused of stealing and dismissed. It was Anne who gave her a new start in the village.'] ['Set on a South Carolina barrier island, the movie tells the story of 42 year old Jessie Sullivan, a married woman who falls in love with a Benedictine monk, and explores themes of mid life marriage crisis and her self-awakening.'] ['Frankie Madison  and Noll "Dink" Turner  are rum-running partners during Prohibition. They get into a shootout with some would-be hijackers after their liquor, attracting the attention of the police. The two men split up, but not before making a bargain that if one is caught, he will still get an equal share when he gets out of jail. Frankie is sent to prison for 14 years. When he is finally set free, he goes to see Noll. In the interim, Noll has built up a swanky nightclub. When the impatient Frankie shows up there, Noll stalls, sending him to dinner with his singer girlfriend Kay Lawrence . Noll instructs Kay to find out what Frankie is after. He learns that Frankie expects him to honor their old bargain. He tells his old partner that the deal only applied to their old nightclub, which shut down years ago. Dave , the only member of the old gang Frankie trusted, had him sign legal papers to that effect some time ago. Frankie\'s share by Noll\'s reckoning is less than $3000. Furious, Frankie slugs Noll and leaves to recruit men to take what he figures he is owed. However, Noll had Dave tie up ownership of the nightclub between several corporations, with bylaws that make it impossible for him to hand over anything. Furthermore, the men supposedly backing Frankie actually work for Noll. Frankie is beaten up and left in the alley. Meanwhile, Noll informs Kay that he intends to marry wealthy socialite Alexis Richardson , explaining that he is doing so to ensure the success of the nightclub with which he has become increasingly obsessed. He sees no reason they cannot continue their relationship. Repulsed by the idea and strongly attracted to Frankie, Kay quits and, overcoming Frankie\'s suspicions, joins his side. Dave, aghast at how Frankie has been treated, tells him that he is willing to pass along what he knows, which is enough to bring Noll down. However, he foolishly tells Noll what he intends to do, and is killed by Noll\'s henchman. The murder is pinned on Frankie. Evading a police manhunt, Frankie and Kay go to Noll\'s mansion. Though Noll is waiting with a loaded gun, Frankie manages to take it away from him. The three drive to the nightclub. By threatening Noll, Frankie extracts a written confession from him, which he gives to the police when they show up. Noll is taken away, but gets free and goes gunning for Frankie. He is shot dead by a policeman.'] ['While the warden  of a state prison is away, the isolation block erupts and 35 of the most violent criminals  stage a riot and take over their portion of the prison. Cully Briston , in for five years and awaiting his eventual parole, wants no part of the riot. He impulsively gets involved, defending a prison guard and protecting him from the maniacs in the block.'] ['In Seattle, a city not far from Forks, Victoria  attacks and bites Riley Biers , in order to begin creating an army of newborns set to destroy Bella Swan . Back in Forks, Edward Cullen  and Bella discuss the complications of becoming an immortal vampire. At 18 years old, one year older than the age Edward was when he became a vampire, Bella expresses her aversion to the idea of marrying so young, though Edward refuses to turn her until they are married and she\'s had various human experiences she would otherwise miss. While Charlie Swan ([[Billy Burke  investigates the disappearance of Riley Biers, Edward suspects his disappearance was caused by the newborn vampires. Furthering his suspicions is the intrusion of Riley into Bella\'s room. Although Edward fears for her safety, Bella insists that Jacob Black  and the rest of the werewolf pack would never harm her, but Edward is still not convinced. Bella goes to La Push to see Jacob, and returns home unharmed. During one of her visits, Jacob confesses that he is in love with Bella, and forcefully kisses her. Furious, she punches him and breaks her hand, and Edward later threatens Jacob and tells him to only kiss her if she asks him to. Bella even revokes the invitations of Jacob and his pack members to her graduation party, but when Jacob apologizes for his behavior, she forgives him. Meanwhile, Alice  sees a vision that the newborn army is attacking Forks led by Riley Biers. Jacob, accompanied by Quil  and Embry  overhear this, which leads to an alliance between the Cullens and Wolf pack. Later, the Cullens and the wolves agree to a meeting place and time to train and discuss strategy. During the training Jasper  explains to Bella that he was created by a vampire named Maria to control a newborn army. He hated his original existence and upon meeting Alice, joined the Cullens with her. Bella sees the true bond between a mated vampire pair and begins to understand Jasper better. Despite her reluctance to marry, Bella realizes that spending eternity with Edward is more important to her than anything else and agrees to marry him. Edward and Bella camp up in the mountains to hide Bella from the bloodthirsty newborns. During the night, Bella overhears a conversation between Edward and Jacob, in which they temporarily put aside their hatred towards each other. In the morning, Jacob overhears Edward and Bella discussing their engagement and becomes very upset. Before he can run off to get himself killed in the fight with the newborns, Bella desperately asks him to kiss her, and she realizes that she has fallen in love with him. Edward finds out about the kiss but is not angry, as Bella says she loves him more than Jacob. When Victoria finds Bella\'s hiding spot, Edward kills her while Seth kills Riley. The Cullens and the Quileute wolves, meanwhile, destroy her "army", though Jacob is injured saving Leah Clearwater from a newborn. Several members of the Volturi arrive to deal with the newborn army. They also see that the Cullens are guarding the newborn, Bree Tanner , who had refused to fight and surrendered to Carlisle. Jane  tortures Bree to get information, then instructs Felix to kill her, despite the Cullens\' efforts to spare her. When Jane notes that Caius will find it interesting that Bella is still human, Bella informs her that the date for her transformation has been set. Bella visits the injured Jacob to tell him that even though she is in love with him, she has chosen to be with Edward. Saddened by her choice, Jacob reluctantly agrees to stop trying to come between her and Edward. Bella and Edward go to their meadow, where she tells him she has decided to do things his way: get married, make love, then be transformed into a vampire. She also explains that she never has been normal and never will be; she\'s felt out of place her entire life, but when she is in Edward\'s world she feels stronger and complete. At the end of the story they decide they need to tell Charlie about their engagement.'] ['Wounded by a gunshot from Russian assassin Kirill (in the previous film, [[The Bourne Supremacy , Jason Bourne evades the police in Moscow and goes into hiding. Six weeks later, Bourne goes to Paris, France to inform Martin Kreutz of the death of his sister Marie, who had been Bourne\'s girlfriend. The Guardian correspondent Simon Ross meets with someone to discuss Bourne and Operation Treadstone. The CIA begin tracking Ross after he mentions "Operation Blackbriar" over a cell phone call. Bourne learns of Ross\' investigation of Treadstone and they secretly meet at Waterloo Station. Bourne realizes that the CIA is tracking Ross and helps him evade capture, but Ross deviates from Bourne\'s instructions and is killed by Blackbriar assassin Paz, on orders from Blackbriar\'s director Noah Vosen. Pamela Landy, who six weeks earlier had unsuccessfully hunted Bourne, is brought in to help Vosen. They search Ross\' notes and find that Ross\' source was Neal Daniels, the CIA\'s station chief in Madrid, Spain, who was formerly involved in Treadstone and is actively involved in Blackbriar. Bourne also makes his way to Daniels\' Madrid office, but finds it empty. After Bourne incapacitates a CIA team sent by Vosen and Landy, Nicky Parsons, a former Treadstone support technician now posted in Madrid, arrives. She decides to help Bourne and tells him that Daniels has fled to Tangier, Morocco. Upon arriving in Tangier, Parsons tries to track Daniels\' location but is unable to, finding that Blackbriar "asset" Desh Bouksani has been tasked with killing Daniels. Vosen learns that Parsons logged in to access information about Daniels and sends Desh after Parsons and Bourne, a decision Landy disagrees with. Bourne follows Desh to Daniels, but fails to prevent Daniels\' death by a planted bomb. Bourne manages to kill Desh before he can kill Parsons, and subsequently sends Parsons into hiding. Bourne examines the contents of Daniels\' charred briefcase and finds the address of the deep cover CIA bureau in New York City where Vosen directs Blackbriar. Bourne travels to New York City. Landy receives a phone call from Bourne , which is revealed to be tapped by Vosen. Landy thanks Bourne for the tape he sent her which revealed the corrupt dealings of former Treadstone director Ward Abbott; she also tells him that his real name is David Webb and his birthdate is "4-15-71". Bourne tells Landy to "get some rest" because she "looks tired", which she and Vosen both understand to mean that Bourne is watching her. Vosen intercepts a text to Landy from Bourne of a location to meet up and leaves his office with a team to follow Landy and capture Bourne. Bourne breaks into Vosen\'s office and steals classified Blackbriar documents. Vosen sends Paz after Bourne, the two finally encountering each other in a car chase which ends with Paz forcing Bourne\'s car into crash into a concrete divider. Bourne gets out and holds Paz at gunpoint before sparing his life and continuing on to 415 East 71st Street, memories of which were triggered by the false birthday he was given by Landy. Vosen also figures out Landy\'s code and warns Dr. Albert Hirsch, who ran Treadstone\'s behavior modification program, that Bourne is coming. Landy meets Bourne at the building, where Bourne gives her the Blackbriar files before going inside. Landy starts faxing the files to an unknown receiver, but is found by Vosen as the last page is sent. Bourne encounters Hirsch in an upper level and, with Hirsch\'s help, remembers that he volunteered for Treadstone. He then states that he is no longer Jason Bourne and flees to the roof from Vosen\'s pursuing CIA team. Bourne is confronted on the roof by Paz, who asks Bourne why he did not kill him. Bourne asks Paz if he even knows why he is supposed to kill him and repeats the dying words of a Treadstone assassin Bourne killed years earlier (in [[The Bourne Identity : "Look at us. Look at what they make you give." Paz lowers his gun as Bourne runs to jump off the roof, but Vosen appears and shoots at Bourne as he leaps into the East River below. Some time later, Parsons watches a television news broadcast about the exposure of Operation Blackbriar, the arrests of Hirsch and Vosen, a criminal investigation of CIA director Ezra Kramer, and David Webb, a.k.a. Jason Bourne, who was reportedly shot and fell into the East River. Upon hearing that his body has not been found after a three-day search, Parsons smiles. Bourne is shown swimming away under water after his fall.'] ["In the year 140 AD, 20 years after the Ninth Legion disappeared in the north of Britain, Marcus Flavius Aquila, a young Roman centurion, arrives in Britain to serve at his first post as a garrison commander. Marcus's father disappeared with the eagle standard of the ill-fated legion, and Marcus hopes to redeem his family's honour by bravely serving in Britain. Shortly afterward, only Marcus's alertness and decisiveness saves the garrison from being overrun by Celtic tribesmen. He is decorated for his bravery but honourably discharged due to a severe leg injury. Living at his uncle's estate near Calleva  in southern Britain, Marcus has to cope with his military career having been cut short and his father's name still being held in disrepute. Heeding rumours that the eagle standard has been seen in the north of Britain, Aquila decides to recover it. Despite the warnings of his uncle and his fellow Romans, who believe that no Roman can survive north of Hadrian's Wall, he travels north into the territory of the Picts, accompanied only by his British slave Esca. Esca, the son of a Brigantes chieftain, detests Rome and what it stands for, but also considers himself bound to his master, who saved his life during an amphitheatre show. After several weeks of travelling through the northern wilderness, Esca and Marcus encounter Guern, one of the survivors of the Ninth Legion, who attributes his survival to the hospitality of the Selgovae tribe. Guern recalls that all but a small number of deserters were killed in an ambush by the northern tribes – including Esca's Brigantes – and that the eagle standard was taken away by the Seal People, the most vicious of the tribes. The two travel further north until they are found by the Seal People. Identifying himself as a chieftain's son fleeing Roman rule and claiming Marcus as his slave, Esca is welcomed by the tribe. After allowing the Seal People to mistreat Marcus, Esca eventually reveals that his actions were a ploy and helps his master to find the eagle. As they retrieve it, they are ambushed by several warriors, including the Seal Prince's father, but Marcus and Esca manage to kill them and escape with the eagle standard. With the aid of the Seal Prince's young son, Esca and Marcus manage to escape the Seal People's village. The two flee south in an effort to reach Hadrian's Wall, with the Seal People in hot pursuit. Marcus, slowed by his old battle wound, orders Esca to take the eagle back to Roman territory and even grants the reluctant slave his freedom. Freed, Esca still refuses to abandon his friend and instead heads out to look for help. He returns with the survivors of the Ninth legion just as the Seal People catch up with them. The legionnaires, wishing to redeem themselves, accept Aquila as their commander and prepare to defend the eagle standard. As an example to those who would betray their people, the Seal Prince kills his young son in front of Esca, Marcus, and the legionnaires; then orders his warriors to attack. A battle ensues, in which the Seal Prince and all his warriors are killed, along with most of the Ninth Legion soldiers. After burying the fallen legionnaires – including Guern – Marcus, Esca, and the few survivors of the Ninth return to Roman territory, where Aquila delivers the eagle to the astonished governor in Londinium. There is some talk of the Ninth legion being reformed with Marcus its commander. But when Marcus and Esca wonder what they will do next, Marcus leaves the decision to Esca.  The alternate ending is featured in the DVD. Marcus decides to burn the eagle standard on the altar where the final battle occurred, instead of delivering it to the Roman governor of Britannia. He tells Esca that he does this because the eagle belongs to the men who fought for it. Marcus and Esca are then shown approaching Hadrian's Wall on foot and talking about their plans for the future."] [';Prologue A young woman, Blanca Trueba , arrives at a house with an old man, whom she leads inside to a chair. The old man asks to be alone. The young woman sits down on the stairs, close to where a little girl is playing, and starts remembering her life. ;Clara and Esteban Blanca\'s mother, Clara del Valle , knew she was in love with Esteban Trueba the first time she saw him, even though she was still a child. Esteban Trueba  had come to propose to Clara\'s sister, Rosa del Valle. Esteban left his fiancée with her family to earn money for their wedding. Clara has special psychic powers and can sometimes foresee the future. One day, she has a vision and tells her sister Rosa that there will be a death in the family. The next day, Rosa dies after drinking poison intended for her father, Senator Severo. Clara blames herself for her sister\'s death, and after watching her sister\'s autopsy, decides never to speak again. Esteban arrives heartbroken at the funeral. At home, his sister, Férula , confronts him saying that he has to work to support her and their sick mother. Esteban leaves for his newly bought hacienda, Tres Marías. He finds many natives living on his land and tells them to work for him for food and shelter. For the next twenty years, Esteban makes Tres Marías an example of a successful Hacienda. He spends some nights with Tránsito, a prostitute (María Conchita Alonso, to whom he borrows money so she can start a new career in the capital. One day he rapes a peasant girl, Pancha García , who works for him. Twenty years later, Esteban receives a letter stating his mother has died. After her funeral, Esteban decides to ask for Clara\'s hand, despite Férula protests that Clara is too sickly and will not take care of him properly. When he shows up at the Del Valle family\'s house, Clara asks him right away if he has come to ask her to marry him, thus speaking again for the first time in twenty years. Esteban confirms he is there to marry Clara. Férula meets Clara at a coffee shop to talk to her about her own future, and Clara, sensing Férula\'s worries, promises her that she can live with her and Esteban in Tres Marías after the wedding and the two will be like sisters. Férula is overwhelmed with happiness, realising she has found a friend in her new sister-in-law, the first person who has been actually kind to her. Sometime later, Férula goes to church to confess that she has strange feelings for Clara. She reports uneasiness when Clara sleeps with Esteban, and also fierce dedication to her sister-in-law. She realises that she is feeling much more for Clara than she should. Esteban senses this and is resentful of Férula\'s interference in his family. Clara\'s parents are killed in a terrible accident on the way to visit their pregnant daughter. Soonafter, Clara gives birth to a girl as she predicted, and names her Blanca. Some years later, Pancha García appears at the family house with her and Esteban\'s bastard teenage son, Esteban García. She asks for money and tells Esteban Trueba that he cannot get rid of her and his son. Esteban Trueba is very annoyed and goes back to play with Blanca . Esteban García comes back to the house later when no one is looking. He finds the child Blanca and begins to molest her. Férula calls Blanca\'s name and Esteban García runs away. Clara has been giving classes to the peasant children and Blanca. Pedro Tercero, the little son of the peasant Segundo at Tres Marias befriends Blanca, and after school she goes out to play with him. The two are gone for hours, and Esteban Trueba, Férula, and Clara start worrying. The two children are eventually found playing in the lagoon. Esteban Trueba does not like that his daughter is playing with a peasant boy and decides to send Blanca to a boarding school. ;Blanca and Pedro Tercero After graduating from school, Blanca returns home to Tres Marías. That night she goes out to the lagoon and meets a grown up Pedro Tercero , and they talk and kiss. That same night, while Esteban attends a political party, there is an earthquake, he worries about Clara and Blanca and drives all the way to Tres Marías and finds that Férula has climbed into bed with Clara. He is so angry that he throws Férula out of the house telling her never to step close to his family again. Clara overhears him threatening his sister and feels sad and disappointed. Sometime later, Esteban brings the French Count Jean de Satigny  to his home intending to arrange a marriage between him and Blanca. Clara senses that the French "nobleman" is a fraud while reading cards but Esteban dismisses her as folly. While Satigny is still visiting, Esteban catches Pedro preaching revolutionary ideas to the peasant people, and punishes him with a fierce whipping and banishing him from Tres Marías. That night at dinner, Férula suddenly appears in the house, kisses Clara on the forehead and leaves again. Clara tells the rest of the family that Férula is dead. Clara and Esteban drive into town to Férula\'s modest house, where they find her dead on the bed. Pedro has returned to Tres Marías and talks to the peasants about their rights and nearly gets shot by Esteban. That night, the Count Jean de Satigny, who is visiting again, watches Blanca and Pedro meeting secretly at the lagoon. He reveals Blanca\'s lover to her father who immediately drags Blanca back to the house. Esteban promises to kill Pedro. When Clara tries to persuade him against violence, Esteban hits his wife and she falls. When Clara rises, she coldly tells him that she will never speak to him again. Clara moves with Blanca to her parents\' house in the capital. Now alone in Tres Marías, Esteban blames Pedro for everything, and offers a reward to anyone who will lead him to Pedro\'s hiding place. Esteban García  takes him to where Pedro is hiding and Esteban tries to kill him, but he is unsuccessful. When García asks for his reward, Esteban Trueba replies that traitors do not get rewards, and García walks away in anger. After Blanca discovers she is pregnant, Esteban tries to force a wedding between Count Jean de Satigny and Blanca, so as to not have any bastards in the family. He tries to convince his daughter by telling her that Pedro Tercero is dead. Blanca angrily refuses, but her mother eventually comforts her by telling her that Pedro is still alive. ;Revolution Some years later, Esteban is busy with his political career, but as an old man he is lonely and finds comfort in the arms of Tránsito, who has actually raised in her profession and is now in a position to pay back Esteban for some money that he lent her, but he prefers to collect the favor another time. He comes to Clara\'s house to apologize and asks her if he can stay with her and to show him his granddaughter Alba whom he has never seen before. Although he moves in with them, Clara still does not talk to him and he constantly keeps feuding with Blanca. While the family is celebrating Alba\'s birthday, Esteban García arrives at their home. Blanca does not recognize the man who abused her as a child. García tells Esteban Trueba that his mother is dead and asks to help him get into the military academy, reminding him of the reward he never received. Trueba writes him a cheque. During the national election, Esteban believes his Conservative Party will win as usual, but the People\'s Front ends up winning control of the government. While Esteban grieves, Blanca goes out on the street to celebrate and to meet Pedro. The two kiss and celebrate together for the rest of the night. A few days later, Pedro is able to meet his daughter Alba for the first time with her mother at an ice-cream parlour. Blanca and Pedro are able to meet regularly now, and things seem to be perfect. Their happiness, however, is short-lived. While Clara are setting up their Christmas tree, she feels she is leaving this world and decides to prepare for death. She gives Alba her notebooks and jewelry to give to Blanca. Kissing Alba goodbye, Clara dies. When Blanca and Esteban arrive home, Alba tells them of Clara\'s death, and the three of them hug and cry together. Meanwhile, a conspiracy between some Conservative Party members and the military leads to a coup d\'état, and the military takes control of the country. At first Esteban believes it is good for the country and that the military will hand power back to the Conservative Party, but he soon learns that the military have other plans. Under the control of the military, people associated with the People\'s Party are captured and even killed. Blanca is highly involved and eventually the police come to arrest her for being with Pedro Tercero. Blanca quiclky reveals to her father that Pedro has been hiding in their house\'s cellar and begs him to help Pedro get out of the country. In the coming days, Blanca is tortured and abused by her half-brother Esteban García, now an important member of the military. She nevertheless refuses to reveal Pedro\'s whereabouts. She is put in a cell where Clara\'s spirit appears to tell her not to wish for death. Meanwhile, Esteban honours his daughter\'s wishes and helps Pedro Tercero find exile in Canada. Esteban then tries to free his daughter from prison, turning to Tránsito, now and influential Madam with lots of connections, who helps free Blanca. One morning a beaten and dirty Blanca arrives at her home. Esteban is shocked to see his daughter in such a state and her wish for revenge against the military, and understands for the first time the consequences of his political actions. ;Epilogue Blanca and Esteban return to Tres Marías with Alba. Esteban is finally visited by Clara\'s spirit who has come to help the old man to the next world. Afterwards, Blanca sits outside and ponders her life, in which she gives up her attempt for revenge and now focuses on Pedro and her daughter Alba. She watches Alba playing in the front door with the leaves swirling in the wind.'] ["Captain David O'Keefe , seeking his fortune in the 19th century South Pacific, decides to enlist island natives to harvest copra, but runs into a wall of cultural problems. Backed by a Chinese dentist, he obtains a ship and sets about harvesting copra while fending off cantankerous native chieftains and evil German empire-builders. The natives, happy with their existence, see no reason to work hard to obtain copra, either for a German trading company or for O'Keefe. He finally motivates them by showing them how to produce large quantities of their valued coinage."] ["Anna Hart was always an odd child—a genius desperately afraid of flickering lights, hair parted perfectly down the middle, and with strange prophetic dreams. Simultaneously, several strange things begin to happen. A mysterious neighbor named Michaela Dupont  moves in next door to the Harts. And, most frightening of all, Anna sees her exact double on television one night . As her investigation of the other Anna—Anna Smithson—progresses, she begins to learn the truth: the truth about a woman named Anna Zimmerman who has been dead for twenty years, and most important, the truth about herself: that she was part of a cloning experiment by Zimmerman to create the perfect girl, one who would grow into a duplicate of Zimmerman herself, right down to the traits that Anna indeed shares with her. It also turns out that her mother volunteered for the cloning project but the father wanted nothing to do with it. We also learn, through Anna's dreams, of Zimmerman's past; growing up during World War II as a Jew in Nazi-controlled Germany, where she, like the present Anna, was a pianist and child prodigy who would play a part in the Nazis' plans for the genetic engineering of humans. But, just as the current Anna is beginning to act normal and learn more about her background—thanks in part to her brother Rowan and to secret assistance from Micheala—we also learn of six other Annas, this after her mother told her that they  wanted to re-evaluate Anna for a few days at a facility at Albacore Island. While there, Anna becomes suspicious when the phone in her room is blocked. Also, as she snoops around she notices the experiments they are performing. When Rowan has not heard from Anna, he sneaks into the facility to see his sister. Anna and Rowan confront Dr. Henry Jelliff, the person who kept Zimmerman's genetic cloning experiments alive at Albacore Island, who tells her that she is now a 'normal' person and suggests that she should change her name as a way to start a new life. But, after Anna and her brother were free to go, Jelliff reveals to Michaela, whom he suspected was not following her assignments, that he is secretly grooming yet another Anna to grow up to become the future Zimmerman; they plan to kill the remaining five Annas, including Hart and her family, shortly. Jelliff's plans to eliminate the girls backfire when Michaela reveals herself to him as Anna Parkhurst, the original product of Zimmerman's cloning experiment ; and, like her Mother/Creator, she knows how to create the replicator. Because Jelliff had her parents killed and because she is enraged by the experiments, the adult Anna turns the table on him by offering him the plans for the replicator in return for the safety of all of the Annas. The film ends with Jeliff considering Michaela/Anna's offer."] ['In the late 1940s, Frank Wheeler  meets April  at a party. He is a longshoreman, hoping to be a cashier; she wants to be an actress. Frank later secures a sales position with the same company at which his father worked and he and April marry. In 1955, the Wheelers move to 115 Revolutionary Road in suburban Connecticut when April becomes pregnant. Frank and April settle into the normality of suburban life while raising their children, Michael and Jennifer. The couple become close friends with their realtor Helen Givings  and her husband Howard Givings , and neighbor Milly Campbell  and her husband Shep . To their friends the Wheelers are the perfect couple, but their relationship is troubled. April fails to make a career out of acting, while Frank hates the tedium of his work. April wants new scenery and a chance to support the family so that Frank can find his passion. April recalls how Frank talked about moving back to Paris. With a failed career, she believes that Paris is the solution to their problems. She suggests they relocate. Initially Frank laughs off the idea, but then begins considering it. The only person who understands the Wheelers\' decision is John ([[Michael Shannon , Helen\'s troubled son. Frank admits to John that they indeed are running away from the "hopeless emptiness" of their repetitive lifestyle. As the couple prepares to move, they are forced to reconsider. Frank, propelled by a carefree attitude brought on by the thought of Paris, turns in a sarcastic piece of work to his boss. To his surprise, his work is considered brilliant by company executives and he is offered a promotion. April becomes pregnant again. Frank discovers that April is contemplating having an abortion. He is furious and starts screaming at April, leading to a serious altercation. April is desperate to move to Paris, but Frank is disgusted by the thought of abortion, causing him to feel that moving to Paris is an unrealistic dream. The next day Frank takes the promotion and tries to accept his uneventful life. At the end of an evening at a jazz bar with Milly and Shep, a car blocks in one of the cars the couples came in. April suggests that Frank and Milly head home to release the babysitters at each house while she and Shep wait for the blocking car\'s driver to return. They re-enter the jazz bar, eventually dancing feverishly with each other, then making love in the car. Shep professes his long-held love for April, but she rejects his interest. The following morning, Frank cheerfully admits to having an affair with an assistant at his office, hoping to reconcile with April. April responds apathetically and tells him it does not matter and her love for him has gone. The Givings come over for dinner, and John lambasts Frank for crushing April\'s hope, as well as his acceptance of his circumstances, accusing Frank of getting April pregnant specifically to destroy the idea of moving to Paris, and saying that April allowed him to do it so that she would feel her husband was "a real man". Frank gets angry, nearly attacks John and the Givings hurry out. April and Frank have another fight, which causes April to flee the house. Frank spends the night in a drunken stupor, but is shocked to find April in the kitchen calmly making breakfast the next morning. The couple have a pleasant breakfast, with April asking Frank about work and Frank seeming enthusiastic as he describes how the large computer purchase he is making will help many businesses. April\'s mood seems to have improved, but after bidding good-bye to Frank she breaks down and prepares to perform her own vacuum aspiration abortion, which proves fatal. Shep goes to the hospital to support Frank, who hysterically tells him that "she did it to herself" but is grief-stricken when he hears of April\'s demise. A new couple buys the house and we hear Milly telling the story of the Wheelers to the new owners, telling them how Frank moved to the city and is still working with computers, devoting every spare moment of his life to his children. Shep quietly tells Milly that he doesn\'t want to talk about the Wheelers anymore. Helen tells Howard that she thinks the new couple that moved in are the first people she has ever found suitable for the home. Howard asks why she does not give credit to the Wheelers, and she says they were too whimsical, trying and neurotic. As she continues discussing what she did not like about the Wheelers, Howard turns off his hearing aid.'] ['In 1910, the last year of the life of Leo Tolstoy , his disciples, led by Vladimir Chertkov , maneuver against his wife, Sophia , for control over Tolstoy\'s works after his death. The main setting is the Tolstoy country estate of Yasnaya Polyana. Tolstoy and Sofia have a long, loving marriage, but his idealistic and spiritual side  is at odds with her more aristocratic and conventionally religious views. Contention focuses on a new will that the "Tolstoians" are attempting to persuade him to sign. It would place all of his copyrights into the public domain, supposedly leaving his family without adequate support. The maneuvering is seen through the eyes of Tolstoy\'s new secretary, Valentin Bulgakov , who finds himself mediating between the two sides. He also has a love affair with one of the Tolstoians, Masha . Ultimately, Tolstoy signs the new will and travels to an undisclosed location where he can continue his work undisturbed. After his departure, Sophia unsuccessfully attempts suicide. During the journey, Tolstoy falls ill. The film ends with his death near the Astapovo train station where Sophia is allowed by their daughter to see him just moments before his death. The closing credits state that five years after his death the Russian senate reverted the copyrights in Tolstoy\'s work to Sophia.'] ['The film opens in the winter of 1983 in New York City where an aged Puerto Rican World War II veteran Hector Negrón  is working as a clerk at a post office. In the midst of helping a customer, Negrón suddenly seems to recognize the man and immediately pulls a World War II-era German Luger from under the counter and shoots the man in the chest, killing him instantly. Several hours later, reporter Tim Boyle  and Detective Antonio Ricci  are at the crime scene seeking information. After some persuasion, Ricci allows Boyle to accompany two other officers who are going to search Negron\'s apartment, where the men discover a finely carved stone head, which is revealed to be a long missing segment from the Ponte Santa Trinita, a Florentine bridge built during the Renaissance which had been destroyed by the Nazis during the war. Also found is a Purple Heart, and a shot of a picture reveals he was also awarded the Distinguished Service Cross and Silver Star. Boyle begs an explanation from Negrón, who then has a flashback to his experiences in the war. His personal journey through the war is displayed in a flashback which starts off where African- Americans and a black Puerto Rican man from the segregated Buffalo Soldiers 92nd Infantry Division are on patrol in Italy. After a disastrous attack on German positions across the Serchio River, in which an officer calls down artillery on their own position because he refuses to believe their reports of how far they have advanced, four soldiers are stranded on the wrong side of the river: Staff Sergeant Aubrey Stamps, Sergeant Bishop Cummings, Corporal Hector Negrón and Private Samuel Train. Train finds an Italian boy named Angelo who is critically wounded. While traveling through the mountains of Tuscany, they come across a small village whose residents form a bond with the soldiers. After Negron finally gets his backpack radio working, they call in to headquarters and are told to capture an enemy soldier to interrogate about German counterattack plans. The local partisan group arrives with a young German ex-Waffen-SS/Wehrmacht Corporal  Hans Brandt captive, who is actually a deserter, having shot at a major while rescuing the boy Angelo from the massacre by the SS at the nearby village of St. Anna before transferring to the Wehrmacht where he deserts again. One of the partisans knows that the German captive can identify him as a traitor. After concealing the fact that German forces are approaching the village as part of a counterattack, the traitor kills the German captive. When the partisan leader confronts him, the traitor kills him too and escapes; it is the traitor whom Negrón will shoot 39 years later in the post office. While in the town, after the death of the German prisoner, Negrón\'s, Train\'s, Bishop\'s, and Stamp\'s commander—the same one who had called down artillery on their heads—arrives in the village to interrogate the German prisoner, but finds him dead. The Americans prepare to leave the village ahead of the German counterattack, but Train refuses to leave the boy behind, and assaults a lieutenant who attempts to separate them. Ludovico, one of the villagers, declares Train the "Sleeping Man" after seeing a resemblance between him and a local mountain invested by legend with protective qualities. After promising to court-martial all four soldiers, the officer and his contingent begin to drive out of town, but are caught in the German offensive. The remaining Americans and partisans hold their ground, killing many Germans, but are too heavily outnumbered. Train is fatally wounded after being shot twice while carrying the boy and dies soon thereafter. Bishop and Negrón hold off the Germans while Stamps tries to get the villagers to safety, until Bishop is shot and dies. Renata, who is Stamps\' and Bishop\'s love interest throughout the film, is killed along with her father; Stamps is soon shot and killed too. Now with only Negrón alive, while trying to retreat, he is shot in the back but is saved by his radio. Angelo gives Negrón the statue head that Train had carried since Florence, believing it carried magical powers. Negron gives Angelo his rosary and tells him to leave. Angelo is led away by the spirit of his brother Arturo, who had been killed during the massacre at St. Anna. Negron is spared by German Officer Eicholz, a former English teacher and the German prisoner\'s superior officer, who hands him his own Luger and says, "Defend yourself." More Americans arrive and secure the village and evacuate the wounded Negrón. He receives a Purple Heart for his injury, and he is guaranteed a ride home due to injury. The movie then switches back to 1984 to a court proceeding. In the end, Negrón is saved from life in prison by a powerful executive attorney hired by a wealthy man who has made a fortune making seat belts and other safety devices, and who also purchased the statue head. Hector is brought to the Bahamas and is reunited with the statue head accompanied by its new owner. He holds it crying how he was the only one who knows about what happened during the time in the village. The owner tells him he is not the only one who knows, and takes out a rosary revealing himself as the grown Angelo. They both hold Hector\'s rosary and happily burst into tears.'] ['Sara Quinn  is interviewing men as part of her graduate studies. Her intellectual endeavor has emotional consequences as the men’s twisted and revealing stories are juxtaposed against the backdrop of her own experience. As she begins to listen closely to the men around her, Sara must ultimately reconcile herself to the darkness that lies below the surface of human interactions.'] ['Deadly Drifter is about a team, known as "Our Friends", searching for the "Old Man", who is dying. Their trip across the U.S. takes many twists and turns along the way, as you see through the eyes of the main character, Rex/Harrold, who ultimately questions society. Whales are part of his ultimate revelation.'] ['Set in Western Australia during the 1930s, the film begins in the remote town of Jigalong where three children live with their mother and grandmother. They are the sisters, 14-year-old Molly Craig and 8-year-old Daisy Kadibil, and their 10-year-old cousin Gracie Fields. The town lies along the northern part of Australia\'s rabbit-proof fence, which runs for several thousand miles. Thousands of miles away, the \'protector\' of Western Australian Aborigines, A. O. Neville, signs an order to relocate the three girls to his re-education camp. The children are referred to by Neville as "half-castes", because they have one white and one aboriginal parent. Neville\'s reasoning is portrayed as being that the Aboriginal peoples of Australia are a danger to themselves, and that the "half-castes" must be bred out of existence. He plans to place them in a camp where they, along with all half-castes of that age range, will grow up. They will then presumably become labourers and servants to white families, regarded as a \'good\' situation for them in life. Eventually if they marry, it will be to white people and thus the Aboriginal \'blood\' is less and less. As such, the children are forcibly taken from Jigalong and taken to camp at the Moore River Settlement, which is in the south.  Molly, Gracie, and Daisy decide to escape the camp and walk back home to Jigalong. An Aboriginal tracker, Moodoo, is called in to find them. However, the girls are well trained in disguising their tracks. They evade Moodoo several times, receiving aid from strangers in the harsh Australian country they travel. They eventually find the rabbit-proof fence, knowing that they can follow it north to Jigalong. Neville soon figures out their strategy and sends Moodoo and a local constable, Riggs, after them. Although he is an experienced tracker, Moodoo is unable to find them. Neville spreads word that Gracie\'s mother is waiting for her in the town of Wiluna. The information finds its way to an Aboriginal traveller who \'helps\' the girls. He tells Gracie about her mother and that they can get to Wiluna by train, causing her to break off from the group and attempt to catch a train to Wiluna. Molly and Daisy soon walk after her, finding her at a train station. They are not reunited, however, as Riggs appears and Gracie is re-captured. The betrayal is revealed by the Constable, who tells the man that he will receive a shilling for his help. Knowing they are powerless to aid her, Molly and Daisy continue on. In the end, after a harsh long journey the two sisters make it home and go into hiding in the desert with their mother and grandmother. The epilogue of the film shows recent footage of Molly and Daisy. Molly explains that Gracie has died and that she never returned to Jigalong. Molly also tells us of her own two daughters and that the three of them were taken from Jigalong back to Moore River. She managed to escape with one daughter, Annabelle, and once again, she walked the length of the fence back home. However, when Annabelle was 3 years old, she was taken away again and Molly never saw her again. In closing, Molly says that she and Daisy "... are never going back to that place."'] ['Michael Sullivan, Sr.  is an enforcer for Rock Island Irish mob boss John Rooney , during the Great Depression. Rooney raised the orphan Sullivan and loves him more than his own biological son, the unstable Connor . Connor snaps and kills disgruntled associate Finn McGovern when meeting him with Sullivan, resulting in Sullivan gunning down McGovern\'s men. Sullivan\'s twelve-year-old son Michael Sullivan Jr.  had hidden in his father\'s car and witnesses the event. Despite Sullivan swearing his son\'s secrecy and Rooney demanding Connor\'s apology for the reckless action, the nervous Connor suspects witnesses and acts. He murders Sullivan\'s wife Annie and younger son Peter, mistaking him for young Michael, while sending Sullivan to an ambush at a speakeasy. However Sullivan escapes to Chicago with his son to seek Al Capone, for work and for Connor\'s location, who is in hiding. Sullivan is rejected when asking Capone\'s associate Frank Nitti  and Rooney is aware of the meeting. He reluctantly allows Nitti to dispatch crime scene photographer and assassin Harlen Maguire , who likes to photograph his victims, to kill Sullivan. Maguire tracks him and Michael to a roadside diner, but fails to kill Sullivan, who realizes and cripples Maguire’s car tire before escaping. In response, Sullivan begins robbing banks that hold Capone and Rooney’s laundered money, hoping to trade it for Connor, while teaching Michael to drive as the getaway. He is impeded when the account money is withdrawn by the mob, so he visits Rooney\'s accountant Alexander Rance at his hotel for information. However, it is a set up as Rance stalls him until Maguire enters, but Michael warns his father with the car horn and Rance is killed in the ensuing crossfire. Maguire is injured when a bullet shatters glass on his face and Sullivan escapes with ledgers, but as he flees, Maguire shoots him in the arm. Michael drives his father to a farm where a childless elderly couple helps Sullivan to recover. Sullivan bonds with his son and discovers from the ledgers that Connor has been embezzling from his father for years, using the names of dead gang members. As the Sullivans depart, they give the couple much of the stolen money. Sullivan then confronts Rooney with the information while he attends Mass. While Rooney already knew about the embezzlement and that it must end with Connor\'s death, he refuses to be the one to give up his son. One night, cloaked by darkness and rain, Sullivan dispatches Rooney\'s entire entourage with his Thompson submachine gun and as he walks up to Rooney himself, Rooney mutters he is glad it is Sullivan, while an emotional Sullivan pulls the trigger, killing him. Seeing no further reason to protect Connor, Nitti reveals his location to Sullivan, making him promise that this will end. Sullivan goes to the hotel where Connor is hiding and kills him. Sullivan then drives Michael to stay at his Aunt Sara\'s beach house in Perdition, a town on the shore of Lake Michigan. However he is ambushed and shot by a disfigured Maguire. As Maguire prepares to photograph the dying Sullivan, Michael appears and points a gun but cannot bring himself to fire. Sullivan then draws a gun and kills Maguire, before dying in his son\'s arms. Mourning his father\'s death, Michael finds his way back to the elderly farm couple to live with them. He states growing up that his father\'s only fear was his son would be like him, and that if asked whether Sullivan was a good man, he would simply reply: "He was my father."'] ['The film opens with Gustave Flaubert  in court to defend his novel, which has been accused of being a "disgrace to France and an insult to womanhood". In order to keep it from being banned, Flaubert tells the story of Madame Bovary from his perspective. We are introduced to Emma  when she is twenty years old. She lives with her father  on a small farm in the country. She is a lonely girl, and books are her only real companions. She fantasizes about love, and convinces herself that she will one day fall madly in love and have a perfect life. One day, Emma\'s father injures his leg. When the doctor, Charles Bovary  comes, Emma falls in love with him instantly. Soon enough, Emma and Charles are married. The couple moves into a small house in the town of Yonville in Normandy. Emma is disappointed, but vows to make the house into her dream home. She insists upon decorating the house lavishly, and although Charles makes only a modest salary, he provides Emma with her every wish. Although her home is just how Emma always dreamed, she is still disappointed at her lack of social status, and feels trapped by her less-than-perfect marriage. She insists to Charles that she wants to have a baby boy, so that he will grow up and be able to live his life the way he wants and not be confined to the rank of the husband as women were. Emma is met with even more disappointment when she later gives birth to a baby girl, Berthe. Emma develops an intolerance towards Berthe and is uninvolved in raising her, depending heavily upon the nanny, Félicité . Unhappy with her life, Emma embarks upon an affair with Leon Dupuis . When Charles is invited to a ball at the home of the wealthy Marquis D\'Andervilliers , Emma is overjoyed. Charles does not want to go, thinking they won\'t fit in with the aristocratic crowd, but Emma finally convinces him to attend. Emma is very popular at the ball, wearing an extraordinary gown that is the envy of the party. She is finally living her dream, in the company of high society and popular with many men. Charles, on the other hand, feels very out of place and drinks far too much champagne. Finally, Charles drunkenly tries to dance with Emma. Embarrassed, Emma makes Charles take her home. Afterwards, Emma continues her affair with Leon. However, Leon\'s mother  soon makes Leon move to Paris to attend law school. Aristocrat Rodolphe Boulanger , whom Emma had met at the ball, moves to Yonville and tries to have an affair with Emma. At first Emma resists, as she is determined to save her marriage. To do this, she asks Charles to perform a revolutionary surgical procedure, correcting the leg of Hyppolyte , a crippled man from the village. Performing the procedure successfully would bring Charles immense fame and fortune; however, Charles knows he is not a skilled enough doctor to do it. He bluntly refuses at first, but after he realizes how much Emma wants him to do it, he eventually consents. He prepares for the surgery, and the entire village gathers around his house to cheer him on. However, at the last minute, Charles decides he can\'t do it. Emma then gives up all hope of happiness with Charles, and plunges into an affair with Rodolphe. She begins to mold his house into the home of her dreams, much like she did with Charles at the beginning of her marriage; however, Rodolphe finds this as nothing but an intrusion of privacy. The two of them plan to elope to Italy. She prepares to leave; however, Rodolphe goes to Italy alone, leaving Emma alone and heartbroken. Emma locks herself in the attic and tries to jump out the window, but Charles stops her just in time. She becomes very sick and stays in her bed for several months. When Emma recovers, she and Charles travel to Rouen to see the opera. While they are there, they see Leon, who has returned from Paris. Emma stays the night in Rouen, while Charles returns to Yonville. Leon says he is a lawyer now, and has much more money than he did before. However, Emma rejects Leon\'s attempts to renew their affair. Emma returns to Yonville to find out that Charles is out of town to attend his father\'s funeral. While he is gone, the conniving town moneylender Lheureux  visits Emma to collect the Bovarys\' huge amount of debts. Lheureux attempts to have Emma repay him with sexual favors; however, she refuses, and tries to borrow money from other people. She first asks Leon for the money. However, Leon admits that he is actually only a clerk at the law firm he works for, and has no money to lend her. Emma then asks Rodolphe, who has returned to Yonville. At first, Emma tries flirting with him; then, she breaks down and begs him for money. Rodolphe refuses to lend it to her. Charles returns home to find an announcement that his property would be sold to repay the debts. Emma breaks in to the village apothecary and swallows arsenic. She returns home, and although Charles attempts to save her, Emma dies. The film then returns to the courtroom, where it ends with Flaubert being acquitted of all charges.'] ['Based on true events that occurred 1—12 July 1916 in Central and Southern New Jersey, as recounted in the book of the same name by Richard Fernicola, the film recounts the 12 days during which people along the Jersey coast were subject to attacks by a shark . Initially, the authorities hesitated to take action, and the issue of sacrificing the safety of human beings for the sake of business was raised. After the second attack, modest precautions were taken, and scientific experts and civil authorities published assurances that area beaches had been made safe again. On 12 July a shark was sighted swimming into the freshwater canal of Matawan Creek—one expert who had come to capture the animal speculated that this indicated a bull shark. Children and young adults swimming upstream in the creek were attacked. After the shark was finally captured offshore, an autopsy was performed, and it is said that 15 pounds of human flesh with bones were found in its stomach. In the end, four people had been killed and a fifth badly injured. The remains of one young boy were never recovered. Because a propensity for human flesh is unnatural, scientists are still investigating why this shark did what it did.'] ['Boogie Woogie is a comedy of manners, its cast of characters devouring each other in a small world awash with big money. Set against the backdrop of contemporary London and the international art scene, it casts an eye over the appetites and morality of some of its major players. Dealers, collectors, artists, wannabes vie with each other in a world in which success and downfall rest on a thin edge.'] ['Don Anderson  is the Mickey\'s hamburger chain marketing director who helped develop the "Big One", its most popular menu item. When he learns that independent research has discovered a considerable presence of fecal matter in the meat, he travels to the fictitious town of Cody, Colorado to determine if the local Uni-Globe meatpacking processing plant, Mickey\'s main meat supplier, is guilty of sloppy production. Don\'s tour shows him only the pristine work areas and most efficient procedures, assuring him that everything the company produces is immaculate. Suspicious of the facade he\'s been shown, Don meets rancher Rudy Martin , who used to supply cattle to the Uni-Globe plant. Rudy and his Chicana housekeeper  both assure him that because of the plant\'s production level, several safety regulations are ignored or worked against; workers have no time to make sure that the manure coming from the intestines stays away from the meat. Don later meets with Harry Rydell , executive VP of Mickey\'s, who admits being aware of the issue, but is not concerned. Amber  is a young, upbeat employee of Mickey\'s, studying for college and living with her mother Cindy . While her life seems to be set, she continually faces the contrast between her current career and her own ambition, emphasized by her two lazy co-workers  who, having heard of armed robberies at fast food restaurants in the area, start planning their own. Amber and Cindy are visited by Cindy\'s brother Pete , who encourages Amber to leave town and start a real career. Amber eventually meets a group of young activists  who plan to liberate cattle from Uni-Globe as their first act of rebellion. They proceed to sneak up to a holding pen at the plant, but after breaking down the fence, they are shocked that the cattle make no attempt to leave. Upon hearing the police, they retreat and contemplate why the cattle decided to stay in confinement. Raul , his love interest Sylvia , and Sylvia\'s sister Coco  are illegal immigrants from Mexico, trying to make it in Colorado. They all go to Uni-Globe in hopes of finding a job - Raul becomes a cleaner, while Coco works on a meat processing conveyor belt. Sylvia, however, cannot take the environment, and instead finds a job as a hotel maid. Coco develops a drug habit, and begins an affair with her exploitative superior, Mike . In a work accident, a friend of Raul\'s falls in a machine, and his leg is mangled. Raul, attempting to save him, falls and is injured. At the hospital, Sylvia is told that Raul was on amphetamines at work. Because Raul is now unable to work, Sylvia has sex with Mike in order to find a job at Uni-Globe. She ends up working on the "kill floor."'] ['The film opens with Colin Smith  running, alone, along a bleak country road somewhere in rural England. In a brief voiceover, Colin tells us that running is the way his family has always coped with the world\'s troubles, but that in the end, the runner is always alone and cut off from spectators, left to deal with life on his own. Next, we see Colin in handcuffs with a group of other similarly encumbered young men. They are being taken to Ruxton Towers, what we might today term a detention centre for juvenile offenders, a reform school. It is overseen by "the Governor", who believes that the hard work and discipline imposed on his charges will ultimately make them useful members of society. Colin, sullen and rebellious, immediately catches his eye as a test of his beliefs. An important part of the Governor\'s rehabilitation programme is athletics, and he soon notices that Colin is a talented runner, able to easily outrun Ruxton\'s reigning long distance runner. As the Governor was once a runner himself, he is especially keen on Colin\'s abilities because for the first time, his charges have been invited to compete in a five-mile cross country run against a nearby public school, Ranley, and its privileged students from upper-class families. The Governor sees the invitation as an important way to demonstrate the success of his rehabilitation programme. As the Governor takes Colin under his wing, offering him outdoor gardening work and eventually the freedom of practice runs outside Ruxton\'s barbed wire fences, we learn in a series of flashbacks how Colin came to be incarcerated. We see his difficult, economically strained family life in a lower-class workers\' complex in industrial Nottingham. Without a job, Colin indulges in petty crime in the company of his best friend, Mike . Meanwhile, at home, his father\'s long years of toil in a local factory have resulted in a terminal illness for which his father refuses treatment. Colin is angered by the callousness of his mother , who he knows already has a "fancy man", and who Colin finds has neglected to give his father a herbal concoction for pain and, as Colin believes, brings about his father\'s death. Colin rebels by refusing a job offered to him at his father\'s factory and watches with disdain as his mother spends the five hundred pounds in insurance money the company pays her on clothes, a television and new furniture. When his mother\'s lover moves into the house and after an argument when his mother tells him to leave, Colin and Mike take to the streets. Colin uses his portion of the insurance money to treat Mike and two girls they meet to an outing in Skegness, where Colin falls in love with his date, Audrey , and confesses to her that she is the first woman he\'s ever slept with. She eventually extracts a half-hearted promise from Colin that he might look for work, implying his feelings for her are such that marriage is a possibility. But one night, while prowling the streets of Nottingham with Mike, the two spot an open window at the back of a building. It\'s a bakery, with nothing much to steal but the cashbox, which contains about seventy pounds. Mike is all for another outing to Skegness with the girls, but Colin is more cautious and hides the money in a drainpipe outside his prefab house. Soon, the police come calling, accusing Colin of the robbery. He tells the surly detective  he has no knowledge of the crime. The detective produces a search warrant on a subsequent visit, but can find nothing. Finally, frustrated and angry, he returns to say he\'ll be watching Colin. As the two stand at Colin\'s front door in the rain, the torrent of water pouring down the drainpipe dislodges the money, which washes out around Colin\'s feet. This backstory is interspersed in flashbacks with Colin\'s present-time experiences at Ruxton Towers, where he must contend with the jealousy of his fellow inmates over the favouritism shown to him by the Governor, especially when the Governor decides not to discipline Colin, as he does the others, over a dining-hall riot because of Ruxton\'s poor food. Colin also witnesses the kind of treatment given to his fellows who are not so fortunate - beatings, bread-and-water diets, demeaning work in the machine shop or the kitchen. Finally, the day of the five-mile race against Ranley arrives, and Colin quickly sizes up who the school\'s best runner is  and who he must beat. With a proud Governor looking on, the starting gun is fired. Colin soon overtakes Ranley\'s star runner and has a comfortable lead with a sure win; but a series of jarring images run through his mind, jumpcut flashes of his life at home and his mother\'s neglect, his father\'s dead body, stern lectures from detectives, police, the Governor, the hopelessness of any future life with Audrey. Just yards from the finish line, he stops running and remains in place, despite the calls, howls, protests from the Ruxton Towers crowd, and especially the Governor. In close-up, we see Colin look directly at the Governor as a rebellious sneer plays on his face. The expression remains there as the Ranley runner passes him and crosses the finish line to victory. The Governor\'s anger is evident. At the end of the film, Colin is back in the machine shop, punished and now ignored by the Governor. But he seems calm, even content, because in the end, he has refused to submit to authority and has settled into the loneliness of the title.'] ['British private detective Edward Mercer  is employed to travel to Venice and locate an Italian who is to be rewarded for his assistance to Allied airmen during the Second World War. Once he arrives in Italy, however, he becomes mixed up in an assassination and a great deal of mystery.'] ['The film follows the overall story of the play, but cuts nearly half the dialogue, leaves out two major characters, and includes an opening voice-over that represents Hamlet\'s fundamental problem as indecision. The film begins with a narrator  quoting some of Hamlet\'s lines from Act I Scene IV: :So oft it chances in particular men, :That through some vicious mole of nature in them, :By the o\'ergrowth of some complexion, :Oft breaking down the pales and forts of reason, :Or by some habit grown too much [this line is changed; Shakespeare\'s original line is or by some habit that too much o\'erleavens the form of plausive manners{{cite web}}] ; that these men - :Carrying, I say, the stamp of one defect, :Their virtues else - be they as pure as grace, :Shall in the general censure take corruption, :From that particular fault... Olivier then breaks from Shakespeare\'s words to inform us "This is the tragedy of a man who could not make up his mind." The action begins on the battlements of Elsinore where a sentry, Francisco,  is relieved of his watch  by another sentry, Bernardo , who, with yet another sentry, Marcellus , has twice previously seen the Ghost of King Hamlet. Marcellus then arrives with the skeptical Horatio , Prince Hamlet\'s friend. Suddenly, all three see the Ghost, and Horatio demands that the ghost speak. The ghost vanishes then, without a word. Inside the Great Hall of the castle, the court is celebrating the marriage of Gertrude  and King Claudius ; old King Hamlet has died apparently of an accidental snakebite, and his wife, Gertrude, has, within a month of the tragedy, married the late King\'s brother. Prince Hamlet  sits alone, refusing to join in the celebration, despite the protests of the new King. When the court has left the Great Hall, Hamlet fumes over the hasty marriage, muttering to himself the words "and yet, within a month!" Soon, Horatio and the sentries enter telling Hamlet of the ghostly apparition of his father. Hamlet proceeds to investigate, and upon arriving on the battlements, sees the ghost. Noting that the ghost beckons him forward, Hamlet follows it up onto a tower, wherein it reveals its identity as the Ghost of Hamlet\'s father. He tells Hamlet that he was murdered, who did it, and how it was done. The audience then sees the murder re-enacted in a flashback as the ghost describes the deed - Claudius is seen pouring poison into the late King Hamlet\'s ear, thereby killing him. Hamlet does not at first accept this as the truth, and then prepares to feign madness, so as to test Claudius\' conscience, without jumping to conclusions. This feigned insanity attracts the attention of Polonius  who is completely convinced that Hamlet has gone mad. Polonius pushes this point with the King, claiming that it is derived from Hamlet\'s love for Ophelia , Polonius\'s daughter. Claudius, however, is not fully convinced, and has Polonius set up a meeting between Hamlet and Ophelia. Hamlet\'s "madness" is constant even in this exchange, and Claudius is convinced. Hamlet then hires a group of wandering stage performers, requesting that they enact the play The Murder of Gonzago for the king. However, Hamlet makes a few alterations to the play, so as to make it mirror the circumstances of the late King\'s murder. Claudius, unable to endure the play, calls out for light, and retires to his room. Hamlet is now convinced of Claudius\' treachery. He finds Claudius alone, and has ample opportunity to kill the villain. However, at this time, Claudius is praying, and Hamlet does not seek to send him to heaven, so, he waits, and bides his time. He instead confronts Gertrude about the matter of his father\'s death and Claudius\' treachery. During this confrontation, he hears a voice from the arras, and, believing that it was Claudius eavesdropping, plunges his dagger into the curtains. On discovering that he has in fact, killed the eavesdropping Polonius instead, Hamlet is only mildly upset, and he continues to confront his mother. He then sees the ghostly apparition of his father, and proceeds to converse with it . Gertrude, who cannot see the ghost, is now also convinced that Hamlet is mad. Hamlet is deported to England by Claudius, who has given orders for him to be killed once he reaches there. Fortunately, Hamlet\'s ship is attacked by pirates, and he is returned to Denmark. In his absence, however, Ophelia, goes mad over Hamlet\'s rejection and the idea that her own sweetheart has killed her father, and drowns, supposedly committing suicide. Laertes , Ophelia\'s brother, is driven to avenge her death, as well as his father\'s. Claudius and Laertes learn of Hamlet\'s return, and prepare to have him killed. However, they plan to make it look like an accident. Claudius orders Laertes to challenge Hamlet to a duel, wherein Laertes will be given a poisoned blade that will kill with a bare touch. In case Laertes is unable to hit Hamlet, Claudius also prepares a poisoned drink. Hamlet meets Laertes\' challenge, and engages him in a duel. Hamlet wins the first two rounds, and Gertrude drinks from the cup, suspecting that it is poisoned. Whilst in-between bouts, Laertes rushes Hamlet, and strikes him on the arm, fatally poisoning him. Hamlet, not knowing this, continues to duel. Hamlet eventually disarms Laertes, and switches blades with him. Hamlet then strikes Laertes in the wrist, fatally wounding him. Gertrude then submits to the poison, and dies, warning Hamlet not to drink from the cup.  Laertes, dying, confesses the whole plot to Hamlet, who flies at Claudius in a fit of rage, killing him, before finally expiring himself. Horatio, horrified by all this, orders that Hamlet be given a decent funeral, and the young prince\'s body is taken away, while the Danish court kneels and the cannons of Elsinore fire off a peal of ordinance in respect.'] ["Tom  and Dan  meet in a bar and then proceed to Tom's apartment together. While there, Dan realizes that he had been in that same apartment before. Five years earlier, Dan and Tom had a one night stand there. According to Tom, that encounter with Dan was his first and only homosexual experience. Some years later, Tom's wife is found to be HIV positive. Despondent after receiving this diagnosis from her doctor, Tom's wife drives through a red traffic light and is killed in an ensuing collision. Subsequent to these events, medical tests reveal that Tom is also HIV positive. Tom blames himself for passing HIV on to his wife and, in turn, he blames Dan for passing the virus on to him. Reasoning that Dan, ultimately, is to blame for his wife's death, Tom devises a plan to exact revenge. He holds Dan hostage, keeping him bound and gagged to a chair in his apartment. He draws blood from Dan in order to conduct a test to determine Dan's HIV status. If Dan's test results are positive for HIV, Tom vows to kill Dan. If the results are negative, Tom agrees to release Dan unharmed. In the end, Tom returns to the apartment and lets Dan go. As Dan is leaving, Tom asks him when he had last been tested. A few moments later, he reveals that Dan's test was, in fact, positive. He decided to let Dan go because he realized that his positive status was the result of his choices which he couldn't blame on anyone else. The screen fades with Dan standing in Tom's doorway, in shock, and Tom resigned to his fate."] ["In 1935, Briony Tallis , a 13-year-old girl from a wealthy English family, has just finished writing a play. As Briony attempts to stage the play with her cousins, they get bored and decide to go swimming. Briony stays behind and witnesses a significant moment of sexual tension between her older sister, Cecilia , and Robbie Turner, a servant's son , a man that Briony has a childish crush on. Robbie returns home and writes several drafts of letters to Cecilia, including one that is explicit and erotically charged. He does not, however, intend to send it and sets it aside. On his way to join the Tallis family celebration, Robbie asks Briony to deliver his letter, only to later realise that he has mistakenly given her the prurient draft. Briony secretly reads the letter and is simultaneously disgusted and jealous. That evening, Cecilia and Robbie meet in the library, where they finally declare their love for one another and make love. During the act, Briony watches through the partially open door and her confused emotions about Robbie become heightened. At dinner it is revealed that the twin cousins have run away. Briony goes off alone into the woods looking for them and stumbles upon a man running away from apparently raping her teenage cousin Lola . Lola claims that she does not know the identity of her attacker, but in a fit of pique the still-wounded Briony tells everyone, including the police, that she saw Robbie commit the act. She shows Robbie's shocking letter to her mother. Everyone believes her story except for Cecilia. Robbie is arrested and sent to prison. Four years later, Robbie is released from prison on condition that he joins the army. He is assigned to A Company, 1st Battalion, Royal Sussex Regiment. He is reunited with Cecilia  in London, where they renew their love before he is shipped off to the French front. Briony , now 18, has joined Cecilia's old nursing corps at St. Thomas's in London because she wants to be of some practical use to society and has given up an offer she received from Cambridge. Her attempts at contacting her sister go unanswered, as Cecilia blames her for Robbie's imprisonment. Later, Robbie, wounded and very ill, finally arrives at the beaches of Dunkirk, where he waits to be evacuated. Briony, now fully understanding the impact of her accusation, later visits the now-married Cecilia and Robbie to apologise to them directly. Cecilia coldly replies that she will never forgive her. Robbie, in a rage that almost becomes physical, confronts Briony and demands that she immediately tell her family and the authorities the truth. Briony admits that the rapist was actually family friend Paul Marshall , but that he cannot be implicated in a court of law because he has married Lola. Decades later, an elderly Briony  reveals in an interview that she is dying of vascular dementia, and that her novel, Atonement, which she has been working on for most of her adult life, will be her last. Briony reveals that the book's ending where she apologised to Cecilia and Robbie is fictional. Cecilia and Robbie never saw each other again once he left for war. In reality, Robbie actually died at Dunkirk of septicemia while awaiting evacuation, and Cecilia died a few months later as one of the flood victims in the Balham tube station bombing during The Blitz. Briony hopes that, by reuniting them in fiction, she can give them the happy conclusion to their lives that they had always deserved. The last scene of the movie has Cecilia and Robbie once again together in what could be afterlife or a fictional plane of existence."] ["Sam Tucker is a cotton picker in Texas who decides to start his own farm. He and wife Nona and children Jot and Daisy set out with nothing but two mules and a bit of seed. The land they lease has no working well, so neighbor Devers reluctantly lets the Tuckers share his water supply. They nearly starve and freeze during a hard winter. Come spring, the child Jot falls ill and desperately needs vegetables and milk to survive, but general store owner Harmie refuses the Tuckers credit. Sam's friend Tim offers to help find him a city job in a factory. Sam remains determined to make the farm work, and Harmie answers the family's prayers with the gift of a cow. Cotton blooms and a vegetable garden is planted. The bitter Devers and his man Finley conspire to ruin the Tuckers, though, because Devers wants their land. After a fight, Devers comes armed with a gun, only to find Sam about to catch a catfish that Devers has been after for years. In return for the fish, he agrees to leave Sam's family alone. Harmie ends up marrying Sam's mother and life seems fruitful at last, only to have a terrible thunderstorm ravage the Tuckers' home. They must start over once more."] ["{{plot|dateContinuity This film continues the subplot that explores Strachey's past in the armed services, started in Third Man Out."] ["The story takes place in the early 1970s in Chicago. The CIA has been required for political reasons to recruit African-Americans for training. Only one of them, Dan Freeman ([[Lawrence Cook , secretly a black nationalist, successfully completes the training process. He becomes the first black man in the agency and is given a desk job—Top Secret Reproduction Center Sections Chief . Freeman understands that he is the token black person in the CIA, and that the CIA defines his function as providing proof of the agency's supposed commitment to integration and progress. Therefore, after completing his training in guerrilla warfare techniques, weaponry, communications and subversion, Freeman puts in just enough time to avoid raising any suspicions about his motives before he resigns from the CIA and returns to work in the social services in Chicago. Upon his return, Freeman immediately begins recruiting young black men living in the inner city of Chicago to become “Freedom Fighters” teaching them all of the guerrilla warfare tactics that he learned from the CIA. They become a guerrilla group with Freeman as the secret leader. The “Freedom Fighters” set out to ensure that black people truly live freely within the United States by partaking in both violent and non-violent actions throughout Chicago. The “Freedom Fighters” of Chicago begin spreading the word about their guerrilla warfare tactics across the United States; as Freeman says, “What we got now is a colony, what we want is a new nation.” As revolt and a war of liberation continues in the inner city of Chicago, the National Guard and the police desperately try to stop the “freedom fighters.” The film provides discussions about black militancy and the violent reactions that took place by white America in response to the progress of the Civil Rights Movement."] ['The film is set in the 1920s during the period of growing influence of the Indian independence movement in the British Raj. Adela Quested  and Mrs. Moore  sail from England to India, where Ronny Heaslop , the older woman\'s son and younger woman\'s fiancé, is the local magistrate in the provincial town of Chandrapore. Through school superintendent Richard Fielding , the two visitors meet eccentric elderly Brahmin scholar Professor Godbole , and they befriend Dr. Aziz Ahmed , an impoverished widower who initially meets Mrs. Moore in a moonlit mosque overlooking the Ganges River. Their sensitivity and unprejudiced attitude toward native Indians endears them to him. When Mrs. Moore and Adela express an interest in seeing the "real" India, as opposed to the Anglicised environment of cricket, polo, and afternoon tea the British expatriates have created for themselves, Aziz offers to host an excursion to the remote Marabar Caves. The outing goes reasonably well until the two women begin exploring the caves with Aziz and his sizable entourage. Mrs. Moore experiences an overwhelming sense of claustrophobia that forces her to return to the open air. She encourages Adela and Aziz to continue their exploration but suggests they take only one guide. The three set off for a series of caves far removed from the rest of the group, and before entering, Aziz steps aside to smoke a cigarette. He returns to find Adela has disappeared; shortly after he sees her running headlong down the hill, bloody and dishevelled. Upon their return to town, Aziz is jailed to await trial for attempted rape, and an uproar ensues between the Indians and the Colonials. The case becomes a cause celebre among the British. When Mrs. Moore makes it clear she firmly believes in Aziz\'s innocence and will not testify against him, it is decided she should return to England. She subsequently suffers a fatal heart attack during the voyage and is buried at sea. To the consternation of her fiancé and friends, Adela has a change of heart and clears Aziz in open court. The Colonials are forced to make an ignominious retreat while the Indians carry the exonerated man out of the courtroom on their shoulders, cheering wildly. Fielding looks after Adela as she has no one else to turn to. In the aftermath, Miss Quested breaks off her engagement and leaves India, while Dr. Aziz, feeling betrayed by his friend Fielding, abandons his Western attire, dons traditional dress, and withdraws completely from Anglo-Indian society, opening a clinic in Northern India, in Kashmir near the Himalayas. Although he remains angry and bitter for years, he eventually reconciles with Fielding and writes to Adela to convey his thanks and forgiveness.'] ["During the Western Desert Campaign of World War II, two officers are interviewed to command a dangerous commando mission far behind enemy lines. South African Major Brand is an experienced professional soldier but does not speak Arabic and has only a limited knowledge of the area in Libya in which the patrol is to operate. Welsh Captain Leith is the opposite; an amateur volunteer with extensive knowledge of the area who knows a local guide and speaks fluent Arabic as well. It is decided that both officers will go, but with Major Brand in command. Major Brand's wife Jane is an RAF Flight Lieutenant who enlisted to be near her husband. When Brand invites Leith to dinner with his wife, he picks up the fact that the two had previously had an affair before she married Brand. The unit parachutes behind enemy lines with the mission of attacking a German headquarters and bringing back secret plans from a safe to be opened by Wilkins, an experienced safecracker. Dressed as local civilians, Brand shakes in fright when he has to knife a German sentry; the deed is done by Leith. The mission is completed successfully with only one death and one man wounded. The patrol ambushes a German detachment, capturing a German colonel Leith knows was responsible for the secret information. Leith remains behind with the wounded man, who he kills rather than let fall into enemy hands to be tortured for information. The patrol is supposed to escape on camels, but they discover the men left with them have been murdered and looted of the camels and their weapons. During the long march back, Brand's animosity towards Leith grows, not only due to the affair with his wife, but Brand fears Leith will reveal Brand as a coward to headquarters and destroy his career."] ['While Miss Marple and Mr Stringer are soliciting donations for a charity, they visit Mr Enderby, a rich and eccentric recluse. He tumbles down a staircase, apparently the victim of a fatal heart attack. Knowing that Enderby had a pathological fear of cats, Miss Marple becomes suspicious when she finds one in the house. She also finds a piece of mud bearing the print of a riding boot, but when she goes to Inspector Craddock, he is sceptical, believing that Enderby died of natural causes. Undeterred, Miss Marple eavesdrops when Enderby\'s family gather for the reading of the Will. Each of the four heirs  receives an equal share of the estate. Cora declares that she believes Enderby was murdered. The next day, when Miss Marple goes to see her, she finds Cora dead, stabbed in the back with a hatpin. Cora\'s companion of many years, timid Miss Milchrest , can provide little information. Miss Marple decides to take a "holiday" at the Gallop Hotel/riding school, as it is run by Hector Enderby  and the other two surviving heirs are staying there. Inspector Craddock questions them , but none of them can produce a satisfactory alibi for the time of Cora Lanskenay\'s death. An attempt is made to do away with Miss Marple, but is foiled by the intended victim . Miss Marple then discovers that the piece of mud found in Enderby\'s house came from shady art dealer George Crossfield\'s riding boot, but her case against him is dashed when she learns that each of the heirs visited Enderby on the day he died. Crossfield has meanwhile found out who the murderer is, but he is locked in a stall with an excitable horse and is trampled to death. By this point, Miss Marple knows the identity and motive of the killer, but has no definite proof. She therefore lays a trap, pretending to have a heart attack at a dance at the hotel while doing the twist with Stringer. The police doctor places her in a room by herself, declaring it to be too dangerous to move her until morning. During the night, the criminal makes one last attempt to silence her, but Miss Marple is ready. The killer is revealed to be Miss Milchrest, disguised as Cora. She had been after Cora\'s seemingly worthless painting.'] ['Justin Cobb  is a shy 17-year-old in a family of four in suburban Oregon. He has a persistent thumb-sucking habit his father  disapproves of, which has led to major orthodontic repair. He addresses his parents by their first names, Mike and Audrey, so as not to make his father feel old. Audrey , a registered nurse, is idly fascinated by actor Matt Schramm , entering a contest to win a date with him. She insists it is "innocent fun", but is inordinately concerned with looking attractive for the contest. Justin struggles on his school\'s debate team, led by Mr. Geary , which he joined to get closer to his environmentalist classmate Rebecca . He tries to start a relationship with her, but she rejects him after he cannot open up to her about his thumb-sucking habit. At a regular checkup, Justin\'s orthodontist, Perry Lyman , indicates he can tell that Justin is still sucking his thumb, and attempts hypnosis, coaching Justin to find his power animal  and suggesting that his thumb will taste like echinacea. This works, and Justin finds his thumb distasteful, but falls deeper into frustration without the crutch. After Justin conspires with his brother to disrupt Dr. Lyman in a bicycle race with Justin\'s father, his school counselor prods the Cobbs to give him Ritalin. While his parents wring their hands over the idea, Justin insists that he needs the help. Almost immediately after beginning treatment, Justin begins to have elevated energy, confidence and focus. He begins to excel on the debate team, unseating Rebecca from the star position; she quits the team and drifts into the stoners crowd. Justin\'s newfound aggressiveness nets the debate team repeated awards. Simultaneously, he begins to challenge the neuroses of the adults around him, especially their struggles with aging. With a somewhat deceitful cover letter, he applies to NYU, in spite of his mother\'s urging that he go to college closer to home. After rambling incoherently at the state debate championship, Justin quits the debate team, throws away the pills, and seeks out Rebecca to hook him up with pot. During their smoking sessions, Rebecca blindfolds him and engages with him in kissing and other sexual activity, which Justin interprets as a relationship. But when he broaches the subject, Rebecca tells him otherwise, calling their meetings an "experiment." He quits both her and the drugs. Both Justin and his father suspect that Audrey is having an affair with Schramm after she is transferred to a celebrity rehab facility where Schramm has been committed. Attempting to catch his mother in the act, he instead meets Schramm sneaking a smoke in the bushes, and learns the unromantic truth. The next day, he receives an acceptance letter from NYU. During a final checkup, Dr. Lyman reveals to Justin his discovery that thumb-sucking is not a medically debilitating problem, and says that everyone has their own flaws and nobody has all the answers&mdash;that in fact learning to live without having the answers is  the answer. On his flight to New York, Justin dreams of reaching his goal of being a TV anchor, "sharing the truth with the world". He wakes up after sleeptalking to find his thumb in his mouth and an attractive girl smiling at him. Slightly embarrassed but self-confident, he introduces himself.'] ['Mike Enslin  is a skeptical author who, after the death of his daughter Katie , writes books appraising supernatural events he has no belief in. After his latest book, he receives an anonymous postcard depicting The Dolphin, a hotel on Lexington Avenue in New York City, bearing the message "Don\'t enter 1408". Viewing this as a challenge, Mike forces the hotel to allow him to book a stay in the room. After arriving at the Dolphin, Mike is pulled aside by the hotel manager, Gerald Olin . Olin tries to bribe him with cognac, information files and a free upgrade to a luxurious suite to refuse to enter the room. Mike refuses. Olin takes him to his office and explains to Mike that in the hotel\'s 95-year history, 56 deaths have occurred in 1408, no one survived over the hour. Mike still refuses to leave, and Olin reluctantly escorts him to the 14th floor. Once inside the room, Mike records on his mini-cassette the room\'s dull appearance and its unimpressive lack of supernatural phenomena. During his examination, the clock radio suddenly starts playing "We\'ve Only Just Begun", but Mike assumes this is a trick of Olin\'s. At 8:07, the song plays again and the clock\'s digital display changes to a countdown starting from "60:00". Mike begins to experience supernatural events, including the window slamming down on his hand, the hotel operator calling about food he didn\'t order, and spectral hallucinations of the room\'s past victims as well as of his family, particularly his daughter. Mike\'s attempts to leave the room are in vain; the doorknob breaks off the door, climbing through the air ducts prompts an escape from the corpse of a former room victim, and climbing onto the window ledge reveals the windows of the other rooms are gone. Mike uses his laptop to contact his estranged wife Lily, but the sprinkler system shorts out his laptop. The room temperature drops to subzero when the laptop suddenly begins to work again, and Lily tells him the police have entered 1408, but the room is empty. A doppelgänger of Mike appears in the chat window and urges Lily to come to the hotel herself. The room shakes violently and Mike breaks a picture of a ship in a storm, flooding the room. He surfaces on a beach, the result of a surfing accident earlier in the film, and after returning to a normal life and reconciling with Lily, he assumes it was all a dream. Lily persuades him to write a book about it, but when visiting the post office to send the manuscript to his publisher, he recognizes a construction crew as the hotel staff, and they destroy the post office to reveal Mike is still trapped in 1408, the walls now burnt and broken. A vision of Katie appears to Mike, and after some reluctance, he embraces her before she crumbles to dust. Mike hears the clock radio begin to play and looks for it in the rubble, seeing it count down the final seconds. When the countdown ends, the room is suddenly restored to normal, and the clock radio resets itself to 60:00. The "hotel operator" calls Mike again, and informs him that he can relive the hour over and over again, or take his own life. Mike sees a hangman\'s noose and has a vision of himself hanged, but refuses. Mike uses the bottle of cognac from Olin to make a Molotov cocktail and sets the room on fire. The hotel is evacuated and Lily is prevented from entering as fire fighters enter the scorched room, pulling Mike to safety. As Mike recovers with Lily at his bedside, he tells her about Katie, but Lily doesn\'t believe him. The two reconcile and Mike moves back in with Lily. During the move, Lily finds a box of items retrieved from the rubble of 1408. Mike retrieves his tape recorder and after some tinkering, gets it to play. As Lily unpacks their stuff, he replays at the conversation with him and Katie. Lily overhears the record and drops the boxes, staring at the tape in shock. Mike stares at her grimly, as the scene blacks out.  Director Mikael Håfström has stated that the ending for 1408 was reshot because test audiences felt that the original ending was too much of a "downer".http://www.cinemablend.com/dvdnews/Advance-Hint-At-1408-DVD-Contents-4676.html Advance Hint At 1408 DVD Contents - DVD News In the original ending, Mike dies in the fire, happy to see the room destroyed. During Mike\'s funeral, Olin approaches Lily and Mike\'s agent where he unsuccessfully attempts to give her a box of Mike\'s possessions, including the tape recorder. Before being cut off, Olin claims that the room was successfully destroyed and that it will no longer harm anyone ever again, which is why he claims "Mike did not die in vain". Olin listens to the recording in his car, becoming visibly upset when he hears Katie\'s voice on the tape. He looks in the car mirror and sees a glimpse of Enslin\'s burnt corpse in the backseat. Olin places the tape recorder back in the box and drives off. The film ends at the gutted room, with an apparition of Mike looking out the window and smoking a cigarette. He hears his daughter calling his name, and disappears as he walks towards the room\'s door. A sound of a door closing is heard and the screen blacks out. The alternative ending is the default ending on the Blu-ray release and two-disk collector\'s edition. Canadian networks Space and The Movie Network broadcast this version of the film, as does U.S. network FX, although Space did broadcast the original ending version on July 23, 2012. The UK and Australian DVD and U.S. iTunes version also use this ending.'] ['{{plot}}  A young Roy Hobbs plays baseball with his father on the family farm. Roy\'s father dies suddenly under a tree. That tree is split in half by lightning, and Roy carves a baseball bat from it. He burns a lightning bolt on the barrel and calls it Wonderboy. In 1923, a 19-year old Hobbs  is granted a tryout by the Chicago Cubs as a pitcher. The train to Chicago makes a stop at a carnival and Roy is challenged to strike out "The Whammer" , the top hitter in the major leagues. He does so in front of many people, including a sportswriter named Max Mercy , who draws a picture of the event. Back on the train, the naive Hobbs is seduced by Harriet Byrd , an alluring woman, who gravitates to him after judging that he, rather than The Whammer, is now the best baseball player in the world. Byrd lures Hobbs to a hotel room, shoots him, and then jumps out the window to her death. It is later revealed that Byrd kills rising athletes, having already murdered two others. The story skips forward to 1939. The New York Knights have signed the now 35-year-old Hobbs to a contract, to the ire of the team\'s manager and co-owner, Pop Fisher . With the Knights mired in last-place, Pop is angry about being saddled with a "middle-aged rookie" and refuses to even let him participate in team practice. After a showdown in which Roy is told he is to be sent back to the minors, Pop relents. During the next game, the team\'s star player, "Bump" Bailey , angers Pop and Roy is sent to pinch hit. Pop encourages Hobbs to "knock the cover off the ball", which Hobbs literally does, providing the game-winning hit in a rain-shortened game. After Bump dies running through the outfield fence in pursuit of a fly ball in a subsequent game, Roy takes over as the team\'s starting right fielder and plays phenomenally, becoming the league\'s sensation and single-handedly turning the Knights\' fortunes around. Hobbs\' success prompts Mercy to try to unearth details about his background, but Hobbs is uncooperative. Mercy starts a rumor that Wonderboy is a loaded bat, but the allegation is disproven when the league weighs and measures the bat, which meets specifications. Roy is soon summoned to a meeting with the principal owner of the Knights, The Judge . Beforehand, Pop\'s assistant, Red , informs Roy that The Judge has an interest in the team losing, since Pop is obligated to sell his share to The Judge if the Knights fail to win the National League pennant. To ensure that result, The Judge had ordered his chief scout to stock the roster with unknown players like Hobbs. The Judge inquires about Roy\'s background but is rebuffed. The Judge then offers him a new contract as an implicit bribe to throw the season, but Hobbs makes it clear he is committed to winning the pennant. Gambler Gus Sands  and The Judge devise a plan to manipulate him: Memo Paris , Pop\'s niece, and Bump\'s former girlfriend, is sent to seduce Roy. Mercy sees Roy pitch to a teammate after practice one day and finally realizes where he had seen Hobbs before. He confronts Roy with the cartoon he drew after Roy struck out The Whammer and offers him $5,000 for his story, but Roy is not interested. At dinner, Mercy introduces Roy to Gus and Memo. Memo and Roy begin seeing each other regularly. Despite warnings from Pop that his niece is "bad luck," he continues the relationship, and soon falls into a slump. At Wrigley Field in Chicago, Hobbs comes to bat in the top of the ninth with the Knights trailing by one run with a man on third. With two strikes, he sees a woman in white stand up in the crowd, illuminated by sunlight, and he promptly hits a game-winning home run that shatters the scoreboard clock. After the game, Roy realizes the woman in white is his childhood sweetheart, Iris , and they meet at a soda shop. She attends the next day\'s game, at which Hobbs hits four home runs. Later, they go for a walk and Roy confides his shooting and how he lost his way in life. Iris is sympathetic and they return to her apartment for tea. Roy notices a baseball glove, which Iris informs him belongs to her 16-year old son. Roy wonders where his father is and Iris says he lives in New York. Roy is curious to meet the boy but Iris tells him he should leave. With Hobbs hitting again, the Knights surge into first place, needing just one win in their final three games against the Philadelphia Phillies to clinch the pennant. Against Pop\'s advice, a victory party is held at Memo\'s, where Roy again refuses a payoff from Gus. Memo feeds Roy a poisoned éclair, causing him to fall ill. Roy awakens in a hospital bed a few days later and learns that the Knights lost their last three games, setting up a one-game playoff against the Pittsburgh Pirates for the pennant. The doctor informs Roy that his stomach lining has been deteriorating due to his gunshot injury, which was discovered when they recovered the silver bullet while pumping Roy\'s stomach. Hobbs is warned that his stomach could tear apart and kill him if he continues to play ball. Memo visits Roy in the hospital and encourages him to accept Gus\' payoff. Roy later sneaks out of the hospital to take batting practice, but collapses after a few swings. Later that night, The Judge appears at Roy\'s bedside and increases his offer, even though he doesn\'t think Roy is in any condition to play. Hobbs refuses and The Judge threatens to ruin Roy\'s image by releasing photographs from the shooting, which were obtained from Mercy. The Judge also informs Roy that he has a contingency plan in place, having bribed another key player on the team. The day before the game, Iris visits Roy, who still blames himself for failing to achieve his full potential in baseball. Iris insists he\'s a great player anyway, but Roy responds that he could have been "the best there ever was." Roy asks whether her son is in New York with her and whether they will be attending the game. She says he is, but leaves before answering the second question. The day of the game, Hobbs goes to The Judge\'s office and returns The Judge\'s money. Memo fires a gun at the floor. Roy takes the gun from her and recognizes her similarity to Harriet Byrd. As Hobbs walks out, Gus predicts the Knights will lose. Hobbs heads to the locker room, where a nervous Pop is shaving. They converse briefly. Pop tells Roy he\'s the best player he\'s ever coached and the best hitter he ever saw, and tells him to suit up. Roy, injured and rusty, strikes out in his first at-bat. The Pirates take the lead when the Knights\' starting pitcher, Fowler, surrenders a two-run homer. Realizing Fowler is the player The Judge bribed, Hobbs goes to the mound and tells him not to throw the game. Fowler replies he\'ll start pitching when Roy starts hitting. In his next at-bat, Hobbs strikes out again, falling to the ground. Iris, sitting in the stands with her son, goes down to the railing and asks an usher to deliver a message to Roy. The message says she and her son are at the game and Roy is the boy\'s father. Shocked, Roy peers out from the dugout but cannot see them. In the bottom of the ninth, the Knights are still trailing 2-0 and are down to their final out. After the next two batters reach base, Hobbs comes up and the Pirates bring in a young, hard-throwing, left-handed pitcher. Hobbs fouls the first pitch back, breaking the glass to the press box, where Mercy had been sketching a cartoon of Roy as a goat. Hobbs swings through the next pitch. Down to his last strike, he hits what looks like a home run down the right field line, but the ball hooks foul. At the plate, he sees that Wonderboy is broken. The batboy brings him his own handmade bat, the Savoy Special, which Roy had helped him make. The catcher notices blood on Hobbs\' jersey, and calls for an inside fastball to exploit Roy\'s injury. With lightning flashing in the sky, Hobbs sends the ball into the lights above right field for the game- and pennant-winning home run. The lights explode and sparks rain down on the field as Hobbs rounds the bases. The screen fades to a wheat field bathed in sunlight, with Hobbs playing catch with his son as Iris watches.'] ['The story follows a reporter named Richard Dees as he attempts to follow and catch up with a murderer who kills his victims in a vampiristic style, and who seemingly flies to each murder scene by plane, a black Skymaster. At one point, Dees finds dirt in the plane, heightening the suspense of this film. The plot culminates in Dees\' confrontation with \'The Night Flier\' and his own loss of sanity. Dees\' nemesis is a young female reporter who joins the staff at the exploitative magazine "Inside View", where he ranks as senior reporter. She at first is dismissed by him as naive and at best a "Jimmy", as in "Jimmy Olsen", then is actively abused by him. She ultimately survives him and writes about Dees\' death, prominently featured on the title page of the magazine "Inside View".'] ['Sidney Stratton, a brilliant young research chemist and former Cambridge scholarship recipient, has been dismissed from jobs at several textile mills in the north of England because of his demands for expensive facilities and his obsession with inventing an everlasting fibre. Whilst working as a labourer at the Birnley mill, he accidentally becomes an unpaid researcher and invents an incredibly strong fibre which repels dirt and never wears out. From this fabric, a suit is made—which is brilliant white because it cannot absorb dye, and slightly luminous because it includes radioactive elements. Stratton is lauded as a genius until both management and the trade unions realize the consequence of his invention—once consumers have purchased enough cloth, demand will drop precipitously and put the textile industry out of business. The managers try to trick Stratton into signing away the rights to his invention but he refuses. Managers and workers each try to shut him away, but he escapes. The climax sees Stratton running through the streets at night in his glowing white suit, pursued by both the managers and the employees. As the crowd advances, his suit begins to fall apart as the chemical structure of the fibre breaks down with time. The mob, realising the flaw in the process, rip pieces off his suit in triumph, until he is left standing in his underwear. Only Daphne Birnley, the mill-owner\'s daughter, and Bertha, a works labourer, have sympathy for his disappointment. The next day, Stratton is dismissed from his job. Departing, he consults his chemistry notes. A realisation hits, and he exclaims, "I see!" With that he strides off, perhaps to try again elsewhere.'] ["The story takes place in affluent Grosse Pointe, Michigan, in 1974, as four neighborhood boys reflect on their neighbors, the five Lisbon sisters. Strictly unattainable due to their overprotective, authoritarian parents, Ronald  and Sara , the girls—Therese , Mary , Bonnie , Lux , and Cecilia —are the enigma that fill the boys' conversations and dreams. The film begins with the suicide attempt of the youngest sister, Cecilia. During a chaperoned party intended to make her feel better, Cecilia excuses herself and jumps out her bedroom window, impaling herself on an iron fence. In the wake of her act, the Lisbon parents begin to watch over their daughters even more closely, further isolating the family from the community and heightening the air of mystery about them. At the beginning of the new school year In the fall, Lux forms a secret relationship with Trip Fontaine , the school heartthrob. Trip comes over one night to the Lisbon residence to watch television and persuades Mr. Lisbon to allow him to take Lux to the Homecoming Dance by promising to provide dates for the other sisters, to go as a group. After being crowned Homecoming Queen and King, Lux and Trip have sex on the football field. Lux falls asleep, and Trip abandons her immediately. Lux wakes up alone and has to take a taxi home. Having broken curfew, Lux and her sisters are punished by a furious Mrs. Lisbon by being taken out of school and sequestered in their house. Unable to leave the house, the sisters contact the boys across the street by using light signals and sharing songs over the phone as a means of sharing their feelings. During this time, Lux begins to have anonymous sexual encounters on the roof of the house late at night; the boys watch from across the street. Finally, after months of confinement, the sisters leave a note for the boys, presumably asking for help to escape. When the boys arrive that night, they find Lux alone in the living room, smoking a cigarette. She invites them to wait for her sisters, while she goes to wait in the car. The boys briefly imagine the group of them driving blissfully away on a sun-soaked country road. The boys wander into the basement and discover Bonnie's body hanging from the ceiling. Terrified, they rush upstairs only to stumble across the bodies of the remaining sisters. They had all killed themselves in an apparent suicide pact moments before: Therese took an overdose of sleeping pills; Mary stuck her head in the gas oven; and Lux left the car engine running in the sealed garage. Devastated by the suicides of all their children, Mr. and Mrs. Lisbon quietly flee the neighborhood, never to return. Soon after, a young family from Boston purchases the Lisbon's house and all their personal belongings. Seemingly unsure how to react, the adults in the community go about their lives as if nothing important happened. The dead girls forever remain a source of mystery and grief for the boys, who cannot forget them. The film ends with one of the boys acknowledging in voiceover that they will spend the rest of their lives trying to put together the unsolvable mystery of the Lisbon sisters."] ["Lawyer Gavin d'Amato  is in his office discussing a divorce case with a client . Noticing the man's determination to divorce his wife, Gavin decides to tell him the story of one of his clients, a personal friend of his. Oliver Rose , a student at Harvard Law School, meets Barbara  at an auction, where they bid on the same antique. Oliver chats Barbara up and they become friends. When Barbara misses her ferry home, the two end up spending the night together. Eventually the two marry and have two children. Over the years, the Roses grow richer, and Barbara finds an old mansion whose owner has recently died, purchases it and devotes her time to making a home there. However, cracks seem to be forming in the family. As Oliver becomes a successful partner in his law firm, Barbara, who was a doting and loving wife early in the marriage, appears to grow restless in her life with Oliver, and begins to dislike him immensely. Oliver, for his part, cannot understand what he has done to earn Barbara's contempt, despite his controlling, self-centered, and generally dismissive behavior toward her. When Oliver believes he is suffering a heart attack,  the day after an argument, Barbara  realizes she felt a sense of relief that he might be dead. She tells him so, adding that she no longer loves him and wants a divorce. Oliver accepts, but tension arises between the two when it becomes clear that Barbara wants the house and everything in it, and when her lawyer uses Oliver's final love note to her  as leverage against him in their legal battle. Barbara initially throws Oliver out of the house, but he moves back in after discovering a loophole that allows him to stay. As a result, Barbara immediately begins plotting to remove Oliver herself, even trying to seduce Oliver's lawyer Gavin into siding with her instead. In an effort to win the house, Oliver offers his wife a considerable sum of cash in exchange for the house, but Barbara still refuses to settle. Realizing that his client is in a no-win situation, Gavin advises Oliver to leave Barbara and start a new life for himself. In return, Oliver fires Gavin and takes matters into his own hands. At this point, Oliver and Barbara begin spiting and humiliating each other in every way possible, even in front of friends and potential business clients. Both begin destroying the house furnishings; the stove, furniture, Staffordshire ornaments, and plates. Another fight results in a battle where Barbara nearly kills Oliver by using her monster truck to ram Oliver's antique automobile. In addition, Oliver accidentally runs over Barbara's cat in the driveway with his car. When Barbara finds out, she retaliates by trapping him inside his in-house sauna, where he nearly succumbs to heatstroke and dehydration. While the kids are away at college, Oliver eventually calms down and attempts to make peace with Barbara over an elegant dinner, but reaches his breaking point when Barbara serves him a paté which she implies was made from his dog . Oliver attacks Barbara, who flees into the attic. Oliver boards up the house to prevent Barbara from escaping, while Barbara loosens the chandelier to drop on Oliver in yet another attempt to kill him. When their live-in housekeeper Susan returns home in the middle of the climactic battle, she senses something is terribly wrong and discreetly contacts Gavin for help. By the time Gavin arrives, Oliver and Barbara's quarrel has culminated in the two hanging dangerously from the unsecured chandelier. During this time, Oliver admits to Barbara that despite their hardships, he always loved her, but Barbara does not respond. Before Gavin can come inside with a ladder, the combined weight of Barbara, Oliver and the chandelier is too much for the support cable, which snaps and sends them crashing violently to the floor. In his final breaths, Oliver reaches out to touch Barbara's shoulder, but Barbara uses her last ounce of strength to knock his hand away, firmly asserting her feelings for him even in death. Finishing his story, Gavin presents his client with two options: either proceed with the divorce and face a horrific bloodbath in court, or go home to his wife to settle their differences properly. The client chooses the latter, and Gavin, satisfied, calls his wife and closes up shop to go home."] ['Richard , an American college student in Thailand for the summer, goes to Southeast Asia with the intention of experiencing something radically different from his familiar life. He meets Daffy , a Scottish traveler who is crazy and rants on about a beach paradise on a secret island and the parasites of civilization. Daffy later commits suicide but leaves Richard a map to the island, convincing him that it exists. Richard meets Françoise  and her boyfriend, Étienne , and persuades them to accompany him to the island, partly out of an infatuation for Françoise. They travel from Bangkok to the shores of Koh Samui in the Gulf of Thailand, where Richard befriends a pair of American surfers. They talk excitedly about the myth of the beach and how it has an almost unlimited supply of marijuana. Richard does not admit his knowledge, but copies his map and slides it under their door the next morning. To finally reach the island, Richard, Françoise and Étienne must swim across to it. When they first arrive on the island, they come across an enormous marijuana plantation guarded by local farmers armed with AK-47 assault rifles. They manage to evade detection. After jumping off a high cliff and landing in a lake below, they are seen by Keaty , who takes them to the beach community. They are cautiously interrogated by the island\'s leader Sal  regarding their knowledge of the island, but are accepted. The trio are introduced to everybody and over the next few days go on to become integrated into the community. One night while Richard and Françoise are walking down the beach, she tells him that she is falling in love with him. They swim out into the ocean to look at a swarm of bioluminescent plankton, where Françoise kisses Richard and has sex with him on the beach. Despite their attempts to keep the romance a secret, the whole island finds out about it, including Étienne. Although devastated, Étienne says he will not stand in their way if Francoise is happier with Richard. At first the island and its community seem to live up to their idyllic reputation. Richard swims out into the ocean to catch fish with a harpoon and is attacked by a young mako shark, but he stabs it to death with a knife, which gains him much admiration. Events take a turn for the worse when Richard is chosen to accompany Sal to the mainland to acquire supplies, where Richard is inadvertently reunited with the American surfers who are preparing to go to the beach with two girls. Sal overhears their conversation about the copy of the map and confronts Richard, who admits his guilt. In exchange for Sal\'s silence and Richard\'s return to the island, Sal blackmails Richard into having sex with her that night. When they return to the island, everything returns to normal until the Swedish fishermen Sten  and Christo  are attacked by a shark while fishing in the ocean. Sten dies almost immediately and Christo is severely injured. The only options for Christo are to go to the mainland to get medical help or stay on the island and take his chances. Christo chooses to stay, not wanting to go near the water after his encounter with the shark, but Sal refuses to allow a doctor to come to the island. Christo\'s condition worsens, consistently lowering the morale of the whole community, so they take him out into the middle of the jungle and leave him to die. However, Étienne, disgusted by the group\'s decision, vows to stay with Christo. Later, Sal observes the American surfers on the neighbouring island and assigns Richard the task of watching them so he can obtain the map and destroy it. While he is waiting for the surfers to arrive, Françoise shows up, furious and heartbroken, saying that Sal has told everybody about her affair with Richard at Koh Phangan. Richard cannot cope with his task and retreats into the forest where he becomes temporarily insane, believing that he is communing with the long-dead Daffy, and by this point declaiming  "the longer I\'m away from the others, the less I miss them". He evades the other islanders and sets lethal traps in an attempt to keep them at bay, at times hallucinating that he is a character in a video game. Meanwhile, the surfers reach the island but are discovered and killed by the marijuana farmers before they can get to the beach. Richard witnesses their executions and retreats to the community to convince Étienne and Françoise to leave the island, believing that all their lives are now in danger. Étienne refuses, not wanting to leave the emaciated Christo, whose leg has become gangrenous. When the other two briefly leave the tent, Richard tearfully smothers Christo to death in a mercy killing to put him out of his misery. When he leaves the tent however, he is struck across the face by a farmer and knocked unconscious. {{Quote box | quoted  width: 22em; margin: 0.5em 0 0.5em 1em; padding: 0.2em; | quote  center | source Differences from the novel As well as minor differences, the major ones are that Richard is British and Sal is American in the novel. Richard\'s obsession with War and video games is explained a bit more in the novel. He never sleeps with Françoise despite having feelings for her, which he thinks are reciprocated, saying that he considers Étienne a good guy and would not want to do that to him. He also never sleeps with Sal, nor is it Sal who accompanies him to the mainland for supplies, but rather a character called Jed who does not appear in the film, who in the book is the person who leads Richard, Etienne and Françoise to the community, not Keaty. The ending is different, with Richard and a handful of others attempting to escape from the now crumbling community. In the epilogue, after their successful escape, they move into their respective lives. Richard loses touch with Étienne and Françoise yet finds it hard to be totally freed of the effects of his experiences in that "parallel universe".'] ['The story is set in fictional country in Middle East  in 1948. Mark Miller is stationed at the American Embassy and is given the assignment of an investigation to find a young woman, Ellen Jasper, also from the United States, who has disappeared after her marriage to Colonel Nazrullah several months previously.'] ["In 1765, the inhabitants of the New England town of Arkham are suspicious of the strange goings-on up in the grand 'palace' that overlooks the town. They suspect its inhabitant, Joseph Curwen, of being a warlock. One stormy night, a young girl from the town wanders up to the Curwen palace in a trance-like state, and is led by Curwen and his mistress, Hester, down in to the dungeons of the palace. The girl is then subjected to a strange ritual, where an unseen creature rises up from a covered pit below her, in wreaths of green smoke. The townspeople, however, observe the girl wandering off in to the night, and storm up to the Curwen palace to confront its mysterious owner. Though the girl appears unharmed, the townspeople deign that she has been bewitched to forget what happened to her, and drag Curwen out to a tree where they intend to burn him. However, the leader of the mob, Ezra Weeden, insists that they do not harm Curwen's mistress Hester  Before dying, Curwen puts a curse on Arkham and its inhabitants, saying he will rise from the grave to take his revenge on the descendants of the five men who burned him - Ezra Weeden, Mikus Smith, Benjamin West, Priam Willet, and Gideon Leach. In 1875, 110 years later, Charles Dexter Ward and his wife Anne arrive in Arkham after inheriting the palace from Charles' great great grandfather, Joseph Curwen. They are confused to find the townsfolk wary and even hostile towards them, and are particularly disturbed by the horrific deformities that afflict many of Arkham's inhabitants. Up at the palace, Charles is surprised by how well he seems to know the old house, and is also struck by the strong resemblance between him and a portrait of Curwen above the fireplace. He and Anne meet Simon, the peculiar palace caretaker, who persuades them to stay at the palace for a while, and not to be scared of the townspeoples' hostility towards them. During their stay, Charles becomes more and more obsessed with the portrait of Curwen, and at times seems to change in his personality. Charles and Anne befriend the local doctor, Dr. Willet  and he explains to them that the townspeople blame the many deformities plagueing the town on Curwen's curse. He tells them of a legendary black magic book, known as the Necronomicon, which was believed to be in Curwen's possession, and which Curwen apparently used to summon the Elder Gods, Cthulhu, Yog-Sothoth, and other dark creatures. Curwen's plan was to mate mortal women with these beings in order to create a new race of super-humans, which apparently led to the many disfigured people of Arkham. The townspeople are now terrified that Curwen has come back in the form of Charles to seek his revenge against the people who killed him. Dr. Willet finally advises Charles and Anne to leave the town. Despite Anne's eagerness to leave, Charles seems to be falling under the control of something, and insists that they stay in Arkham. One night, Charles finally succumbs to the spirit of Joseph Curwen, and becomes possessed by him. Curwen is then reunited with his two assistants, Simon and Jabez  and the three hastily make plans to continue their work and resurrect Hester. Curwen's hold on Charles, however, is limited, and he tells Simon and Jabez that Charles' will is fighting against him. Anne, frightened by the changes in her husband, seeks help from Dr. Willet, but Curwen manages to convince Dr. Willet that Anne is mad. Meanwhile, Curwen begins enacting his revenge on the descendants of the mob that burned him alive. He kills Weeden's descendant by releasing Weeden's monstrously deformed son from his locked room, and then attacks Leach's descendant with fire. The townspeople discover Leach's charred corpse, and decide to take matters in to their own hands, banding together to storm the palace and find Curwen. Dr. Willet and Anne race to try and save Charles, unaware that Curwen has now taken complete control of him, and that Curwen, Simon, and Jabez have finally succeeded in resurrecting Hester. Dr. Willet and Anne discover the secret entrance to the palace dungeons, and are ambushed by Curwen, Simon, Jabez, and Hester. Anne is offered as a sacrifice to the otherworldly creature that lives in the pit beneath the palace, while the residents of Arkham break in and begin to burn the palace down. The portrait of Curwen is destroyed, apparently breaking Curwen's hold over Charles. With his mind finally restored, Charles rushes down and releases Anne, then urges Dr. Willet to save her, while Curwen's associates pin him down. Dr. Willet helps Anne to escape from the burning palace, before running back to rescue Charles, finding Simon, Jabez, and Hester gone. The two of them barely manage to escape the flames, and Charles and Anne fervently thank Dr. Willet for saving their lives. As Charles turns towards the camera, however, it is made apparent to the viewers that Joseph Curwen still inhabits his mind. The film ends with the final verse of Poe's poem -  '...While, like a ghastly rapid river, through the pale door, a hideous throng rush out forever and laugh - But smile no more'."] ['Barbara Covett  teaches history at a comprehensive school in London. A lonely old spinster, Barbara\'s only "intimate relationship" is with herself by means of a diary. When a new, younger teacher, Sheba Hart , starts at the school, Barbara feels drawn to her and believes that she "may be the one". Barbara discovers that Sheba is having an affair with a student, Steven Connolly ([[Andrew Simpson , and confronts her. When Sheba asks her not to tell the school administration until Christmas so that she can be with her family, Barbara explains she has no intention of telling, as long as she ends the relationship. However, Sheba does not end the affair with Steven, causing Barbara to taunt her emotionally and draw her down, leading her to end the affair with Steven. In months passing, Barbara\'s grasp on Sheba slowly starts to take hold, with Barbara manipulating and emotionally blackmailing her, causing her attentions to be divided between her family and Barbara. When Barbara\'s cat dies and Sheba\'s loyalties are easily divided, Sheba\'s husband Richard shouts in anger that her friend is being an evident pain and that his wife is being twisted by Barbara. Alone and feeling betrayed, Barbara seeks revenge by revealing Sheba\'s affair to a fellow teacher who comes to her asking her if Sheba is interested in him. The fellow teacher spreads the "playground rumour" to Steven\'s mother. Mrs. Connolly then comes to Sheba\'s home and hits Sheba. Afterwards, Sheba and her husband Richard bitterly argue. In Barbara\'s voice-over, she reveals she is glad that they are arguing, knowing that Sheba will come to her for comfort, which had been Barbara\'s plan to start with. The next day, the media, as well as the school administration, are alerted, and Sheba\'s affair and her life are turned upside down by the collapse of her marriage, the destroyed relationship with her children and the loss of her job. Barbara is fired from the school after denying to the headmaster that she knew of the relationship; he confronts her with a copy of a restraining order taken out against Barbara by another fellow teacher whom she had previously befriended. Sheba ends up moving into Barbara\'s house, believing that the affair became known because Steven confessed it to his mother, but Sheba soon finds Barbara\'s diary and learns that it was Barbara who leaked the story of the affair, on account of the rather sexual attraction Barbara seems to have for her. When Barbara returns from a shopping round, she is confronted by a furious Sheba, who strikes her in anger. Barbara says she has done her a favour by getting her out of a hopeless marriage. The two of them continue to shout and fight with one another, and Sheba claims that Barbara never really liked her, but in fact manipulated her for her own personal needs. Sheba runs outside with Barbara\'s journal, to streams of reporters and photographers. She shouts at them in a deluded fashion, but becomes hemmed in by a crush of reporters and photographers, at which point Barbara rescues her. Sheba\'s emotions spent, she quietly tells Barbara that she had initiated the friendship because she had liked her  and they could have been friends. Barbara says she needs more than a friend. Sheba leaves Barbara, placing the journal on the table. Sheba returns to her family home. Richard answers the door. The two face one another silently for several moments, and then Richard allows her to enter. Sheba is sentenced to 10 months, and the last scene is Barbara meeting another younger woman who is reading a newspaper reporting the Sheba Hart affair. Barbara says she used to know Sheba, but then downplays the relationship by acting as if they hardly knew each other. Barbara quickly introduces herself, and the other woman introduces herself as Annabel. The pair continue to talk. Barbara mentions attending a classical concert and invites Annabel to join her.'] ['Alice Adams  is the youngest daughter of the Adams family. Her father  is an invalid who used to work in Mr. Lamb\'s factory as a clerk. Her mother  is embittered by her husband\'s lack of ambition and upset by the snubs her daughter endures because of their poverty. Alice\'s older brother, Walter , is a gambler who cannot hold a job and who associates with African Americans . As the film begins, Alice attends a dance given by the wealthy Henrietta Lamb . She has no date, and is escorted to the occasion by Walter. Alice is a social climber like her mother, and engages in socially inappropriate behavior and conversation in an attempt to impress others. At the dance, Alice meets wealthy Arthur Russell , who is charmed by her despite her poverty. Alice\'s father is employed as a clerk in a factory owned by Mr. Lamb , who has kept Adams on salary for years despite his lengthy illness. Alice\'s mother nags her husband into quitting his job and pouring his life savings into a glue factory. Mr. Lamb ostracizes Mr. Adams from society, believing that Adams stole the glue formula from him. Alice is the subject of cruel town gossip, which Russell ignores. Alice invites Russell to the Adams home for a fancy meal. She and her mother put on airs, the entire family dresses inappropriately in formal wear despite the hot summer night, and the Adams pretend that they eat caviar and fancy, rich-tasting food all the time. The dinner is ruined by the slovenly behavior and poor cooking skills of the maid the Adams have hired for the occasion, Malena . Mr. Adams unwittingly embarrasses Alice by exposing the many lies she has told Russell. When Walter shows up with bad financial news, Alice gently expels Russell from the house now that everything is "ruined". Walter reveals that "a friend" has gambling debts, and that he stole $150 from Mr. Lamb to cover them. Mr. Adams decides to take out a loan against his new factory to save Walter from jail. Just then, Mr. Lamb appears at the Adams house. He accuses Adams of stealing the glue formula from him, and declares his intention to ruin Adams by building a glue factory directly across the street from the Adams plant. The men argue violently, but their friendship is saved when Alice confesses that her parents took the glue formula only so she could have a better life and some social status. Lamb and Adams reconcile, and Lamb indicates he will not prosecute Walter. Alice wanders out onto the porch, where Russell has been waiting for her. He confesses his love for her, despite her poverty and family problems.'] ["While passing by on a different train, Miss Marple witnesses the strangling of a young woman in the opposite carriage. The local police dismiss her story as the ramblings of a senile and bored old woman, so, undaunted, she conducts her own investigation, and comes to the conclusion that the body must be buried on the grounds of Ackenthorpe Hall, which adjoins the railway line. Wheedling her way into a job as housemaid there, Marple copes with the pompous machinations of her difficult employer, Luther Ackenthorpe , so she can search for the mysterious corpse, and eventually finds it while supposedly practicing her golf shots. As she begins collecting suspects, accompanied by her long suffering companion Jim Stringer , Miss Marple finds herself faced with an increasingly devious and resourceful killer, who begins casting his shadow over Ackenthorpe's heirs...  In Christie's original story, an elderly character called Elspeth McGillicuddy witnessed the murder, not her friend Miss Marple, who wasn't introduced until later. As with most of her appearances in the role, Margaret Rutherford's flamboyant, comical portrayal of the sleuth was quite different from Christie's languid, passive depiction. The tone of the novel was also changed somewhat; instead of Christie's trademark suspense and underlying darkness, the film relied heavily on light, even whimsical comedy of manners. The name of the manor house where Marple conducts her inquiries was called Rutherford Hall in the novel, and was changed to Ackenthorpe in the film to avoid comparison with the leading actress' surname."] [" In the first story, a comedy, a content suburban family, headed by Jack Warner, is turned into an unhappy lot when they believe that they have the winning coupon in the football pool. But when it's discovered that the winning coupon apparently wasn't mailed by the younger daughter , they regain their previously happy lives that had been made unhappy by plans they made regarding how to spend their winnings. Then, when it is discovered that the winning coupon was, in fact, mailed, they decide that they have learned their lesson and resolve not to let the money ruin their happiness. The second is more tragic, with a mild-mannered clerk  concerned about quitting his mundane job. The third is a suspenseful crime caper involving a coupon checker  and his nightclub singer girlfriend  who devise a scheme to embezzle the winning pot. The final episode, another comedy, concerns a dispirited bass player  who discovers he misses the orchestra he left."] ['The film\'s young protagonists, Jean Louise "Scout" Finch  and her brother Jem , live in the fictional town of Maycomb, Alabama, during the 1930s. The story covers three years, during which Scout and Jem undergo changes in their lives. They begin as innocent children, who spend their days happily playing games with each other and spying on Arthur "Boo" Radley , who has not been seen for many years by anybody as a result of never leaving his house and about whom many wicked rumours circulate. Their father, Atticus , is a town lawyer and has a strong belief that all people are to be treated fairly, to turn the other cheek, and to stand for what you believe. He also allows his children to call him by his first name. Through their father\'s work as a lawyer, Scout and Jem begin to learn of the racism and evil prevalent in their town, and mature painfully and quickly as they are exposed to it. The kids follow Atticus to watch a rape trial, in which an innocent black man, Tom Robinson, is wrongfully found guilty of raping Mayella Ewell, despite overwhelming evidence to the contrary . Atticus also brings to light the alarmingly unusual and suspicious fact that the girl had not even been examined by a doctor after the supposed assault to check for signs of rape or to determine if her hymen was even broken, and even after Atticus\' earnest pleas to the jury for them to cast aside their prejudices against blacks and instead to focus on the evidence of Tom\'s obvious innocence. Tom is doomed, however, when he takes the stand in his own defense and reveals that he felt pity for the victim due to her circumstances. Atticus arrives home to find out that Robinson has been killed in an attempt to escape from jail. Atticus is subsequently vilified by some of the locals for his having defended a black man, and the whole town is in quite a stir over the matter for a good while. After a few months, things appear to have settled down, and Scout goes to a Halloween pageant with Jem. On their way home that night, Scout and Jem are attacked by the vengeful Bob Ewell, the drunkard father  of the girl whom Tom Robinson had been falsely accused of molesting. Mr. Ewell slashes at Scout with a knife, but the chicken-wire framework of her Halloween costume protects her from the blade. During the struggle, Jem is knocked unconscious and his arm is broken, but then Bob Ewell is overpowered and killed by a tall dark figure that suddenly appears on the scene. Scout sees the whole thing from a small view hole in her ham costume that she is still wearing. Jem is carried home by this mysterious man who turns out to be the previously-mentioned Arthur "Boo" Radley, and afterwards it is revealed that Boo — in caring appreciation for Scout and Jem\'s not having taunted and shunned him the way other townspeople had done — had for a long time assumed the role of the children\'s guardian angel, often secretly watching over and following a distance behind Scout and Jem when they were out at night, to help them and protect them from harm. The film ends with Scout considering the past three years\' events from Boo\'s point of view, and Atticus watching over the sleeping Jem.'] ['When three great, has-been actors meet at the funeral of a legendary Hollywood agent, their alcoholic reunion leads them to visit the Hollywood Sign. There they find the body of a man - leading them to uncover an in-progress scam for stealing millions from a Las Vegas casino - which originated as a movie plot written by one of the actors\' ex-girlfriends - who could not get her script produced. Desperate to make a come-back, the three risk their lives for production capital... by writing themselves into the "script."'] ["Three years after Steve Peterson's wife, Nina, was murdered in front of their 11 year old daughter Julie, she and his new girlfriend Sharon Martin are kidnapped by the same killer, the psychotic Artie Taggart. Imprisoning them in a bunker below Grand Central Station, he throws the police into a race against time to save the girls and catch the killer.."] ['Frederick Clegg is a lonely young man who collects butterflies. After winning a large sum of money in a football pool, he buys an isolated country house and begins stalking pretty, young art student, Miranda Grey. One day in the city, Frederick kidnaps and chloroforms Miranda. He loads her unconscious body into the back of his van and drives to his house, locking Miranda in the windowless stone cellar that he has prepared with a bed, some furnishings, and an electric heater. When Miranda awakens, Frederick confesses his love for her, and explains that he only wants time for her to get to know him. At first, Miranda angrily demands to be released, but later agrees to stay for four weeks, but only if he gives her his word that he will let her go at the end of that time. Miranda stays locked in the cellar, except for occasional baths in the main house. At one point Frederick proudly shows her his massive butterfly collection. She is shocked by the living beauty he has destroyed, and realizes that he\'s "collected" her. Four weeks go by, during which Frederick discovers and prevents a number of clever escape attempts by Miranda. On the night of her promised release, Frederick surprises Miranda with a formal dinner and champagne. He presents her with a wedding ring and asks her to marry him. When Miranda agrees, Frederick becomes suspicious of her motives. They argue, and he chloroforms her and locks her in the basement again. During her next outing in the main house, Miranda attempts to seduce Frederick. He is appalled, and tells her he has lost all respect for her, and he can\'t allow her to leave. Miranda realizes just how unstable Frederick is, and that she will never leave alive. While being taken back to the cellar in the rain, she seizes a nearby shovel and strikes Frederick in the head with it. Frederick is wounded, but he manages to pull her back into the cellar, breaking the heater during their struggles. Frederick then drives his van to a hospital and is helped inside by a nurse. Miranda remains locked in the cold cellar, soaking wet. Frederick returns a few days later to find Miranda terribly ill, and he goes into town to get a doctor. There, Frederick stops himself from going inside the doctor\'s office, instead returning alone with some medicine. He enters the cellar to find Miranda dead. In a voice over, he says it was Miranda\'s fault for not trying to get to know him and for losing his respect. He reveals that Miranda is buried under a tree on his property in a box he made, and she got everything she deserved. He says his only mistake was trying to deal with someone like Miranda, who was much too clever and of a different social background. He has decided that he needs to find someone simpler and more common that he can "teach". The final scene shows Frederick back behind the wheel of his van, stalking a young nurse.'] ["Movie star Laurel Stevens has made a new film. It's called The Kidnapped Bride and gives a brainstorm to a couple of small-time crooks, Mike and Dandy, to kidnap Laurel. While they take her to a Malibu beachfront hideout, agent Barney and studio chief Martin can't figure out why Laurel's a no-show at the premiere. Gossip columnist Daisy Parker is dying to know, too, so a decision is made to avoid a scandal at all costs and not report Laurel missing to the police. Mike and Dandy want a $50,000 ransom. Laurel is insulted, feeling she's worth 10 times that. Laurel also fears this thing could hurt her career by looking like a publicity stunt. So when Los Angeles police sergeant McBride, who once sent Mike to prison, comes to Malibu to do a routine check on him, Laurel alters her appearance and pretends to be Mike's girl. The studio finally goes to the cops and also offers a $100,000 reward. The ransom money is taken to the airport, which is where the not-too-bright Dandy has a job. McBride notices a portrait of Laurel at the studio and suddenly realizes where he's just seen her. Laurel has begun to fall for Mike for real. This time when McBride shows up, Laurel knocks him cold. She and Mike steal the cop's car and race to the airport. They get nabbed by the cops, but dim Dandy has picked up the wrong suitcase. There's no crime so there's no arrest, particularly since Laurel and Mike are now in love."] ['{{Plot}} Ali Willis  and Lisa Connelly  visit Bobby Kent  and Marty Puccio  at a sandwich shop where they work. Bobby slams Marty\'s head against a refrigerator. Marty, Bobby, Ali, and Lisa all go out on a double date. While Ali performs oral sex on Bobby, Lisa and Marty have sex and enter into a relationship. Lisa later confesses that she "loves him and would do anything for him." Lisa takes a pregnancy test and learns she is pregnant, most likely with Marty\'s child. However, prior to this, Bobby had burst into the bedroom, interrupting Marty and Lisa having sex, and beaten up Marty with the words, "I\'m next...". Although it isn\'t shown, Lisa tells her friends that she was raped by Bobby, while Marty was unconscious. She now fears the child might be his. Bobby\'s verbal abuse and cruelty worsens, culminating in an incident where Ali initially agrees to a consensual sexual encounter with him, but withdraws her consent after Bobby puts on a video of gay pornography. Bobby then rapes her. Lisa eventually proposes that the friends murder Bobby, in part to defend Marty, who has a homoerotic relationship with Bobby and is a frequent victim of emotional and physical abuse at the hands of Bobby. Ali recruits her new boyfriend, Donny , and the two of them drive to a rehabilitation center to pick up Ali\'s friend, Heather . Meanwhile Lisa recruits her cousin, Derek , to help. After some drug use, video games, and sex between Donny, Heather, and Ali, the wayward teens make their first attempt, centered on luring Bobby into another sexual encounter with Ali. The idea is for Ali to shoot him during the encounter, but she backs out and passes the gun to Lisa, who is hiding in the room, while Bobby is distracted. While Ali and Bobby are having sex, Lisa takes out the gun and aims at Bobby\'s head, but she backs out when she realizes that the gun can be traced back to them because it belongs to her mother. This failed attempt does not dampen Lisa\'s determination, as she repeatedly tells the others that she wants Bobby dead. Realizing they need help, they hire a supposed "hitman" . The "hitman" refuses to help because he believes their plan will backfire easily; he says if they can come up with a better plan, he will assist them. As the story progresses, it becomes comically apparent that the "hitman" is just a tough-talking adolescent. Initially, much of the group dismisses the entire idea as a lark, but because Lisa is so adamant, eventually they all decide to go through with it. They come up with another plan - luring Bobby to a canal, where they plan to kill him. They go to the hitman with the new plan; when he asks for justification, Ali and Lisa tell him that Bobby raped them, and they relay details about his mistreatment of Marty. The hitman agrees someone like that deserves to die and says he will help them. Derek initially thinks they are simply going to size Bobby up, but Lisa makes it clear to him that she plans to see Bobby dead. It becomes apparent that while Lisa, Marty and the hitman are serious about carrying out the murder, the other teenagers are indifferent. As the teenagers arrive at the swamp, the hitman tells them what to do: Ali is to coax Bobby near the edge of the swamp away from the group. If Bobby does not suspect any trouble, Heather is to give the group a signal by going up to them and asking if there are any alligators in the canal. Donny and Marty are then supposed to attack Bobby when they hear Heather\'s signal. Lisa, Derek, and the hitman are waiting nearby to make sure Bobby does not escape. After the plan is set, Heather goes up to Ali and Bobby, and nervously asks about alligators in the canal. Bobby sarcastically tells her to go skinny-dipping to find out. After Heather mentions alligators again, Donny runs up behind Bobby and stabs him in the back of the neck. Shocked by the realness of the violence, Ali, Heather, and Derek run back to Ali\'s car, with Heather panicking in the backseat. When Bobby calls to Marty for help, Marty responds by running up and stabbing him in the abdomen. Bobby pleads with Marty, begging him for forgiveness shortly before Donny stabs him multiple times. Bobby tries to escape, but falls in front of Ali\'s car, where Marty finishes him by slitting his throat, followed by the hitman bludgeoning him with a baseball bat. Lisa witnesses it all, shocked but never turning away. Finally, the hitman drags Derek out of the car and demands his assistance in dumping the body in the swamp, to which he reluctantly agrees. They are shocked when Bobby flinches; they still decide to dump him in the canal, believing his wounds are fatal and that alligators will destroy any evidence. Ali, Heather, and Derek plan on going home, but the hitman stops them, stating they have to plan their alibi, and they drive to North Beach to talk it over. At the beach, Marty realizes he left his knife sheath at the canal, and the hitman states they have to go back anyway because they forgot to cover the tire marks on the sand. Marty, the hitman, and Ali go to retrieve the sheath, and while there they check up on the corpse, which is now being eaten by crabs. The three then rejoin the others at North Beach. The hitman says Marty will be the first suspect since he is Bobby\'s best friend. Everyone is aware that there are serious consequences for what they\'ve done; however Lisa, Derek, Ali, and Heather do not believe they did anything wrong since they did not directly participate in Bobby\'s actual death. The hitman threatens to murder anyone who reports details of the crime to the police. Their commitment eventually unravels, however, as Derek and then Lisa reveal what they\'ve done to others, while Ali phones in an anonymous tip, alerting the media to Bobby\'s death. Lisa calls Marty to tell him that people know Bobby is dead; he becomes upset and accuses Lisa of telling someone about what happened, although Lisa falsely insists she didn\'t. Lisa accuses Ali of ratting them out and tells her they have to hide, but Ali refuses. Lisa\'s mother overhears this conversation. The hitman then sees a news story about Bobby\'s death and realizes someone talked. Ali hides out in her house; due to her hysteria, her parents do not believe her when she says she\'s been involved in a murder. Lisa eventually calls the hitman and speaks to his younger brother, who says the hitman, whose real name is Derek Kaufman, is not a hitman at all. He tells Lisa that his brother has already been arrested for the murder, and suggests that Lisa and her friends turn themselves in. Eventually, all the teenagers do just that, with the exception of Marty. A few evenings later, police officers show up at Marty\'s home; he is asleep when they come into his room to arrest him. We later see the group in court wearing prison jumpsuits; Lisa is visibly pregnant by this time. When Heather asks if Lisa will even be let out to have the baby, an argument ensues and Marty reveals that his lawyer told him that Heather and Derek ratted them all out to lighten their sentences. When the hitman, knowing what Marty\'s talking about, begins to threaten Derek, Lisa tells him to back off. When Donny says he didn\'t do anything, Marty reminds him that he stabbed Bobby. Marty and Donny begin to argue, with the entire court taking notice as they inadvertently admit during the argument that they are responsible for Bobby\'s death. At the end of the film, subtitles show the prison sentences that the teenagers received: Donny, Lisa and the hitman  receive life sentences while Heather only got 7 years and Derek got 11 due to having problems with mental health, and Ali got 40 years while Marty is sentenced to death by the electric chair.'] ["Lilly Dillon  is a veteran con artist who begins to rethink her life when her son Roy , a small-time grifter, suffers an almost-fatal injury when hit with a thrust from the blunt end of a baseball bat, right after a failed scam. Lilly works for a bookmaker, Bobo Justus, handling playback at horse racing tracks&nbsp;&ndash; that is, she makes large cash bets to lower the odds of longshots. On her way to La Jolla for the horse races, she stops in Los Angeles to visit Roy, whom she hasn't seen in eight years. She finds him in pain and bleeding internally. When medical assistance finally comes, Lilly confronts the doctor, threatening to have him killed if her son dies. At the hospital, Lilly meets and takes an instant dislike to Roy's girlfriend, Myra Langtry , who is a few years older than her son. Lilly urges her son to quit the grift, saying he literally doesn't have the stomach for it. Because she leaves late for La Jolla, she misses a race where the winner was paying 70&ndash;1. For this mistake, Bobo burns her hand with a cigar. Myra, like Roy and Lilly, plays all the angles. When her landlord demands payment of late rent, she uses her sex appeal to lure him into bed and forget the rent. She makes a similar offer to a jeweler to get what she wants for a gem she is trying to pawn. Upon leaving the hospital, Roy takes Myra to La Jolla for the weekend. On the train, she notices him conning a group of sailors in a rigged dice game. Myra reveals to Roy that she is also a grifter and is looking for a new partner for a long-con operation. Myra describes her long association with another man, Cole, and how they took advantage of wealthy marks in business cons, including a greedy oil investor, Gloucester Hebbing. A flashback scene in a plush office building culminates in a fake FBI raid with a fake shooting of Myra to discourage Hebbing from going to the police. Roy&nbsp;&ndash; who insists on working only short-term cons&nbsp;&ndash; resists the proposition, fearing she may try to dupe him herself. Myra, seeing Lilly's power over Roy, accuses him of having an incestuous interest in Lilly. Infuriated, Roy strikes her. Myra then plans her revenge. She lets it be known that Lilly has been stealing from Bobo over the years and stashing money in the trunk of her car. Lilly is warned by a friend and flees. Myra follows with the intention of killing her. Roy is called by an FBI agent to identify his mother's body, found in a motel room with the face disfigured. While identifying it as Lilly's, he silently notes that there is no cigar burn on the corpse's hand. Coming back home, he finds Lilly trying to steal all of his money. Lilly, it is revealed, shot Myra in self-defense at the motel and arranged the scene to appear as though Myra's body was actually Lilly's. Roy refuses to let Lilly depart with his money. A desperate Lilly is willing to try anything, first pleading with him, then seducing him, even going so far as to tempt Roy by claiming he is not really her son. Roy rejects her, disgusted. In anger, Lilly swings a suitcase at him and unintentionally breaks a drinking glass onto his neck, slashing an artery. Lilly sobs convulsively while she packs up the money as her son bleeds to death on the floor. In the penultimate shot, she is seen dressed in red, riding an elevator that's heading down . Then she gets into a car and drives off into the night."] ['Famed playwright Sidney Bruhl debuts the latest in a series of Broadway flops and returns to his opulent Long Island home and his sympathetic but sick wife, Myra. Although their financial situation is not dire, Sidney is hungry for a hit. They are starting to feel the limit of his wife\'s fortune, so he shares with her a plan. He has received a manuscript written by one of his students that he considers near perfection. Clifford Anderson recently attended one of Sidney\'s writing workshops and now asks for his input on his play "Deathtrap." Myra\'s weak heart is not improved when her husband does not rule out eliminating Clifford and producing the play as his own. He invites Clifford to their secluded Long Island home to discuss it. Clifford arrives by train. Myra tries desperately over the course of an evening to convince Sidney to work with Clifford as equal partners, but to no avail. Sidney attacks Clifford, strangling him with a chain. Sidney removes the body but still has to convince Myra to conspire with him. She reveals nothing when they receive an unexpected visit from the psychic Helga Ten Dorp, a minor celebrity who is staying with the Bruhls\' neighbors. But Helga senses pain and death in the house; before she leaves she warns Sidney about a man in boots who will attack him. As she prepares for bed, Myra is managing to come to terms with Sidney\'s diabolical deed. All is calm until Clifford bursts through the bedroom window and beats Sidney with a log. Clifford chases Myra through the house until her heart gives out; she collapses and dies. Sidney calmly descends the stairs, uninjured, and sidles unperturbed to Clifford\'s side. They exchange a few words about what to do with Myra\'s body, then exchange a passionate kiss. Clifford moves in with Sydney. The two work together at a partner\'s desk, Sidney suffering from writer\'s block but Clifford busily typing page after page of a new play that he keeps suspiciously under lock and key. While Clifford is out grocery shopping, Sidney breaks the lock and is horrified to discover that Clifford is using the true story of Myra\'s murder as the basis of a play called "Deathtrap." Unashamed, Clifford offers to share the work and the credit. Sidney demurs until Clifford insists he\'s prepared to leave him and write the play without him. A few days later, Helga stops by, ostensibly for candles in anticipation of a predicted thunderstorm. Almost immediately after meeting Clifford, she warns Sidney that Clifford is the man in boots. Sidney doublecrosses Clifford by asking him to arm himself with an axe to demonstrate a bit of stage business, then producing a gun to dispose of Clifford and "Deathtrap." But Clifford has loaded the bullets into a different gun, and he secures Sidney to a chair with manacles, unaware they were once the property of Harry Houdini. Sidney easily releases himself, grabs a crossbow and fells Clifford with a single arrow. Before Sidney can dispose of the body the storm hits with full force, plunging him into darkness. A flash of lightning illuminates the living room and a fleeting figure scurries through. It is Helga, aware of the mortal danger at the house. Sidney finds a knife while Helga grabs a gun. Clifford regains consciousness and trips Helga. The gun goes flying and a struggle for it ensues that ... ... culminates on a stage with actors before a full house, where "Clifford" stabs "Sidney" and both die, leaving "Helga" victorious. The opening night audience erupts in thunderous applause, and at the back of the house stands Helga Ten Dorp, now the happy author of a hit Broadway play called "Deathtrap."'] ['The film follows a young American boy named Roy Wallace  who spends his summer in a tiny fishing village on the coast of western Ireland. After a short while, unexplainable events and deeds begin to occur and rumors of ghosts sweep the village. All these things are pointing to something mysterious that is going on in a nearby cave. Roy sets out to disprove the rumor and decides to explore the cave with his new, teenage local friends Oscar  and Abbey . Roy faces his fears and discovers the secret of the cave.'] ['The film opens with the Teale family moving west on a wagon into Indian Territory. They reach their home, and plan to go on the cattle business. The father, Jacob, rides out to get the cattle, promising to return in a month. However, he is killed along the way when his horse falls over on himself, and he bleeds internally to death. Meanwhile, a Stagecoach passes by the Teale farm; Evie Teale agrees to work for the Stagecoach by feeding customers who come by. One of the men on the Stagecoach warns Evie of a man named Conn Conagher, who he says is a fierce gunfighter. One day, Conagher does stop by for food, along with his partner Mahler. The Teale farm later comes under attack by Indians. The Stagecoach arrives by again in the middle of the gunfight, and the drivers and the passengers defend the farm. The Indians retreat in the morning. Conagher, meanwhile, drifts out in the wilderness. He and Mahler meet an old rancher, Seaborn Tay, who hires both of them for work. Conagher proves to be a hardworking cowhand, but the ranch comes under threat by the Ladder Five gang, led by Smoke Parnell, who swear to kill Conagher. Mahler deserts the ranch after an argument with Conagher and joins the Ladder Five. Conagher saves the ranch and Tay\'s cattle twice from the Ladder Five, both in a series of quick gun battles. He also visits the Teale farm regularly, and he and Evie grow fond of each other and he becomes a father figure to Evie\'s children. One day, when Conagher is out herding Tay\'s cattle, he is ambushed and shot by the Ladder Five gang. The wounded Conagher hides out during the day, and but at night returns and holds the Ladder Five, including Parnell, at gunpoint. Weak from his wound, Conagher eventually collapses and passes out, but not before he demands the Ladder Five to clear out of the land. Parnell knows now that he can finish off Conagher, as his gang swore to do, but instead orders his men to heal Conagher back to health. The next day, the Ladder Five gang clear\'s out of the land Conagher wakes up in the morning, and heads into town, where he finds a drunken Mahler in the saloon. The two argue again, and Conagher challenges Mahler to a fist fight. Mahler easily starts to beat up Conagher; Conagher finally gains the upper hands and beats Mahler into submission. Evie arrives at that moment where she tells Conagher, "it\'s time for you to come home now." Conagher agrees and rides back with Evie to start a new life with her. The film features Elliott’s friend Buck Taylor, formerly the gunsmith-turned-deputy on CBS’s long-running Gunsmoke, as Tile Coker, a rider for the Ladder Five Ranch. Pepe Serna, a native of Corpus Christi, played Casuse, another Ladder Five rider. Rugged James Gammon plays Smoke Parnell, the owner of the Ladder Five, who is suspected of rustling. Buck Taylor’s father, character actor Dub Taylor , plays the station agent.'] ['Big Bad Love shares its title and characters with those in Mississippi writer Larry Brown\'s short story collection, particularly those in the book\'s final story, "92 Days"."92 Days" from Big Bad Love, Vintage Books, New York, 1991. pp. 139–228. The story is dedicated to "buk". The main character is an unsuccessful alcoholic writer, motivated by desire for his estranged wife  and the urging of his Vietnam War buddy Monroe  to continue to write. He is angry, yet hopeful that he will sell a story. When tragedy strikes a close friend and his daughter, Leon is forced to rethink his way of life.'] ['Shy loner Evie  hears musician Drumstrings Casey  on the radio one night and becomes infatuated with him. She pursues him, carving his name  in her forehead with broken glass, and eventually they meet and then marry. They both still struggle to make something of their lives.'] ["Elderly Jewish writer Max Kohn  is an Austrian émigré whose mind is constantly working causing a state of perpetual confusion. He's a successful author of short stories who lives in New York City and is so stuck in his old ways that he believes that the only proper way to write is by using a typewriter. Max has several women interested in seducing him, but he spends most of his time with fellow worrier Reisel . During a trip to speak in nearby Hanover Max begins editing his latest story—a wild tale of a Miami retiree who gets himself into various kinds of trouble. It doesn't take Max long to lose himself in his own writings, and pretty soon, he's mixed up in two sexy romances and an unsolved murder. Upon returning to reality, Max begins to feel as if his own written words have begun to manifest themselves. A meeting with burned out former student Rosalie , with whom he shares a mutual attraction, follows, and later while heading to Springfield for another unwanted speaking engagement Max discovers that he has lost the speech he prepared. After a series of small adventures, Max decides to start writing a new story based on his recent life and featuring a protagonist named Harry—a thinly veiled stand-in for himself."] ["The Marquise de Merteuil  appears to be virtuous and upstanding, but in fact is a sexually ravenous, amoral schemer who plays games with men out of bitterness at the constricted station of women in her society. She decides to exact revenge on a recent lover by having his young new fiancee, Cécile de Volanges , the daughter of Merteuil's cousin Madame de Volanges , seduced and ruined. Merteuil calls on her sometime-partner, the rakish and similarly amoral Vicomte de Valmont , to do the deed. At first, Valmont refuses her proposition; he is busy trying to seduce the virtuous Madame de Tourvel , who is spending time at his aunt's manor house while her husband is abroad. Upon discovering that the uptight and superficial Madame de Volanges had been secretly writing to Madame de Tourvel to warn her against his evil nature, Valmont changes his mind and decides to follow Merteuil's scheme. They take advantage of the fact that young Cécile is secretly in love with her music teacher, the Chevalier Raphael Danceny , who is penniless and therefore does not qualify in the eyes of her mother as a potential suitor. At his aunt's manor, Valmont tricks Cécile into providing access to her bedchamber so that he can deliver Danceny's love letters unobserved, but instead shows up and rapes her as she pleads with him to leave. Over breakfast the next morning, he taunts a visibly distressed Cécile, and she runs from the room in tears. Later that night, he attempts to enter her room again, but she has barred her door and is seen sobbing within her chamber. Madame de Volanges, distraught by her daughter's sudden state of illness, calls upon Merteuil to speak to Cécile. Merteuil advises Cécile to consensually continue an affair with Valmont, telling her she should take advantage of all the lovers she can acquire in a life so constricted by her gender. Cécile takes her advice and later becomes pregnant with Valmont's child, but suffers a miscarriage, thus avoiding a scandal. Valmont meanwhile steadily targets his main prey, Madame de Tourvel, who, despite suspecting his base motives, eventually gives in to his tireless advances. However, Valmont, the lifelong womanizer, has unexpectedly fallen in love with Tourvel. Merteuil had promised Valmont a night in her company should he be successful in his scheme to seduce Madame de Tourvel and provide written proof of his conquest. Nevertheless, secretly jealous of Tourvel, she refuses to grant Valmont his prize unless he breaks off with Tourvel completely; Merteuil threatens to ruin his proud reputation as a debaucher. Valmont, his ego damaged, heeds her request and coldly leaves Tourvel, who falls desperately ill. Valmont goes back to Merteuil, who in the meantime has taken Chevalier Danceny as her lover. Valmont arranges for Danceny to leave Merteuil for Cecile, which leads to him once again demanding the immediate fulfillment of her promise. The Marquise refuses, and they declare war. The Marquise reveals to Danceny that Valmont had seduced Cécile. Danceny challenges Valmont to a duel. Guilty and despairing, Valmont allows Danceny to fatally wound him. Before he dies, he asks Danceny to visit Tourvel and assure her of his true love; Valmont also hands him a collection of letters from Merteuil that detail her scheming. After hearing Valmont's message from Danceny, Madame de Tourvel dies. Danceny publishes Merteuil's letters, which become a scandal, and she is booed and disgraced by the audience at the opera. The movie closes as she suffers a breakdown while removing her make-up."] ['While in a restaurant, Carla Davenport, the restaurant cashier; Charlie Archenault, a driving-school teacher; Bruce Laraby, an emergency room physician; Annie Hagen, her father, and her best friend, Jimmy Jasperson suddenly hear gun shots. Annie, her father, and Jimmy retreat under a table as a suicidal gunman shoots several people  and then himself. The film shows the aftermath as these six traumatized people struggle to regain their trust in the ordinary world.Fragments'] ['George Eastman , the poor nephew of rich industrialist Charles Eastman , and no relation to the real-life George Eastman, takes a job in his uncle\'s factory. Despite George\'s family relationship to the owner, the rich Eastman family treats him as an outsider and gives him the humblest job available in the factory and no entry into their exclusive social circle. George, uncomplaining, hopes to impress his uncle—whom he addresses as "Mr. Eastman"—with his hard work and earn his way up. While working in the factory, George starts dating fellow factory worker Alice Tripp , in defiance of the workplace rules. Alice is a poor and inexperienced girl who is dazzled by George and slow to believe that his Eastman name brings him no advantages. While stepping out with Al, George meets "society girl" Angela Vickers, played by Elizabeth Taylor, and they quickly fall in love. Being Angela\'s escort thrusts George into the intoxicating and carefree lifestyle of high society that his rich Eastman kin had denied him. When Alice announces that she is pregnant and makes it clear that she expects George to marry her, he puts her off, spending more and more of his time with Angela and his new well-heeled friends. An attempt to procure an abortion for Alice fails, and she renews her insistence on marriage. George is invited to join Angela at the Vickers\'s holiday lake house and excuses himself to Alice, saying that the visit will advance his career and accrue to the benefit of the coming child. George and Angela spend time at secluded Loon Lake, and after hearing a story of a couple\'s supposed drowning there, with the man\'s body never being found, George hatches a plan to rid himself of Alice so that he can marry Angela. Meanwhile, Alice finds a picture in the newspaper of George, Angela, and their friends, and realizing that George lied to her about being forced to go to the lake, she meets George in the nearby town and threatens to expose everything to his society friends if he doesn\'t marry her. They quickly drive to City Hall to elope but they find it closed for Labor Day, and George suggests spending the day at the nearby lake; Alice unsuspectingly agrees. When they get to the lake, George acts visibly nervous when he rents a boat from a man who seems to deduce that George gave him a false name; the man\'s suspicions are aroused more when George asks him whether any other boaters are on the lake . While they are out on the lake, Alice confesses her dreams about their happy future together with their child. As George apparently takes pity on her and, judging from his attitude, decides not to carry out his murderous plan, Alice tries to stand up in the boat, causing it to capsize, and Alice drowns. George escapes, swims to shore, and eventually drives back up to the Vickers\'s lodge, where he tries to relax but is increasingly tense. He says nothing to anyone about having been on the lake or about what happened there. Meanwhile, Alice\'s body is discovered and her death is treated as a murder investigation almost from the first moment, while an abundant amount of evidence and witness reports stack up against George. Just as Angela\'s father approves Angela\'s marriage to him, George is arrested and charged with Alice\'s murder. Though the audience knows that the planned murder in fact turned into an accidental drowning, George\'s furtive actions before and after Alice\'s death condemn him. His denials are futile, and he is found guilty of murder and sentenced to death in the electric chair. Near the end, he confesses in his cell that he deserves to die because he could have saved Alice, but chose not to.'] ['A failed playwright, Henry Harrison, develops an odd mentor relationship with Louis Ives, a troubled, cross-dressing, aspiring writer to whom Henry sublets a room in his New York apartment. Henry teaches Louis the art of being an "extra man," accompanying and entertaining wealthy older women in their fanciful social lives. Along the way, Louis encounters an environmentally conscious co-worker, Mary Powell, and a jealous, eccentric neighbor, Gershon.'] ["A woman in labour makes her way to a parish workhouse and dies giving birth to Oliver Twist . As the years go by, Oliver and the rest of the child inmates suffer from the callous indifference of the officials in charge: beadle Mr. Bumble  and matron Mrs. Corney . At the age of nine, the hungry children draw straws; Oliver loses and has to ask for a second helping of gruel . For his impudence, he is promptly apprenticed to the undertaker Mr. Sowerberry , from whom he receives somewhat better treatment. However, when another worker maligns his dead mother, Oliver flies into a rage and attacks him, earning the orphan a whipping. Oliver runs away to London. The Artful Dodger , a skilled young pickpocket, notices him and takes him to Fagin , an old man who trains children to be pickpockets. Fagin sends Oliver to watch and learn as the Dodger and another boy try to rob Mr. Brownlow , a rich, elderly gentleman. Their attempt is detected, but it is Oliver who is chased through the streets by a mob and arrested. Fortunately, a witness clears him. Mr. Brownlow takes a liking to the boy, and gives him a home. Oliver experiences the kind of happy life he has never had before, under the care of Mr. Brownlow and the loving housekeeper, Mrs. Bedwin . Meanwhile, Fagin is visited by the mysterious Monks , who has a strong interest in Oliver. He sends Monks to Bumble and Mrs. Corney ; Monks buys from them the only thing that can identify Oliver's parentage, a locket containing his mother's portrait. By chance, Fagin's associate, the vicious Bill Sikes , and Sikes' kind-hearted girlfriend  Nancy  run into Oliver on the street and forcibly take him back to Fagin. Nancy feels pangs of guilt and, seeing a poster in which Mr. Brownlow offers a reward for Oliver's return, contacts the gentleman and promises to deliver Oliver the next day. The suspicious Fagin, however, has had the Dodger follow her. When Fagin informs Sikes, the latter becomes enraged and murders her, mistakenly believing that she has betrayed him. The killing brings down the wrath of the public on the gang. Mr. Brownlow and the authorities rescue Oliver, while Sikes is shot and, because the rope is still around his neck, accidentally hangs himself trying to escape over the rooftop. Fagin and his other associates are rounded up. Monks' part in the proceedings is discovered, and he is arrested. He was trying to ensure his inheritance; Oliver, it turns out, is Mr. Brownlow's grandson."] ["Usually a law officer is a figure of trust in a small community. Unfortunately for the residents of a small Montana town, Lou Ford is an exception. Behind his easygoing, likeable shell is an intensely violent core resulting from an abusive childhood. In a diner one day Lou sees his dead father and hears voices, the first hint that he may have mental problems. When Lou gets involved with a local prostitute's blackmail schemes, the carefully crafted facade he maintains begins to unravel into a vicious killing spree that leads to a thought-provoking and disturbing conclusion."] ['Daniel Dillon is an Irish immigrant who settled in the high mountains of California during the Gold Rush of 1849. It is now 1867, and we see that Dillon has a vault filled with gold and a town of his own, named Kingdom Come. Dillon owns nearly every business of consequence in the town; if someone digs for gold, rents a hotel room, opens a bank account, or commits a crime, they will have to deal with Dillon. One of the few profitable enterprises in town that Dillon does not own is the saloon/brothel, which is operated by Lucia, his Portuguese lover. Donald Dalglish is a surveyor with the Central Pacific Railroad, which wants to put a train either through Kingdom Come, or somewhere in the vicinity. He is here to decide the route. Dillon is anxious to ensure that the railway line is routed through "his" town, as this will bring more business. Among the travelers who arrive in town with Dalglish are two women, the beautiful but ailing Elena Burn and her lovely teenage daughter Hope. The presence of these women is deeply troubling for Dillon, for they are the keys to a dark secret Dillon has kept from the people of Kingdom Come for nearly twenty years. Dillon had come to these mountains with his Polish wife Elena and their months old baby, Hope. On a cold and snowy night they happen upon a shack named Kingdom Come, owned by a disillusioned \'49er named Burn. Similar to Hardy\'s Mayor of Casterbridge, Dillon sells Elena and Hope to the prospector in exchange for the small gold claim  that would later flourish and make Dillon so wealthy. Burn has died, and Elena has come to find Dillon because Burn left her with nothing, she is dying, and she wants Dillon to give her $200 per year so that she can "do right by Hope".  Dillon tells Lucia that they have to end it and gives her some gold bricks and the deeds to her home, the saloon/brothel, and the tobacco house. Lucia is heartbroken, wanting Dillon and not his money. Dillon asks Elena to marry him , revealing that he never married anyone else because he was always married to her. Their time after the marriage is short, filled with Dillon\'s efforts to find a cure for her illness and ending with her death. Elena\'s death coincides with the decision to route the railway some distance from the town for easier passage and construction. Lucia moves the girls, the booze and the tobacco house to the valley, effectively moving the entire population of Kingdom Come to her new town of Lisboa, named for her father\'s home in Portugal, to be near the railroad. Following Elena\'s funeral, Hope tells Dillon that she is leaving to find Dalglish and start a life with him. Dillon takes her up to the original shack Kingdom Come, showing her a picture of their family when she was a baby, and revealing the deal made right on that spot between him and Burn. Hope leaves him and goes to the new Lisboa. Dillon is thus faced with the loss of Elena, Hope and his town. He sets fire to all the buildings in Kingdom Come. The smoke attracts the people of Lisboa, who find Dillon\'s frozen body in the snow near his original shack. Lucia is devastated, crying over the frozen body as it is brought back to the ruins of Kingdom Come. While many of the \'former\' townspeople rush to find Dillon\'s stockpile of gold in the burned out vault, Hope and Dalglish choose instead to follow Dillon\'s body as Lucia and others continue with it down the mountain.'] ["Joe Warr  is a British sports writer who lives in Australia with his second wife, Katy  and his young son Artie . Katy is diagnosed with cancer and dies, forcing Joe to cope with the responsibilities of being a single parent. Joe's teenage son from his first marriage, Harry ([[George MacKay , feels abandoned in the UK with his mother. Harry uses Katy's death as an opportunity to try to build a relationship with his father, coming to visit him in Australia. Although Harry is initially unnerved by the lack of discipline in the house, he eventually forms a strong bond with Artie, while struggling to foster a closer relationship with Joe. When Joe is forced by work to leave his sons alone in the house for a night, local teenagers throw a party at the house against both boys' will. With the house ransacked, Harry flies back to England, fearful of Joe's reaction. Joe and Artie go after him. After much discussion, Joe convinces Harry to move to Australia on a permanent basis. The trio return to Australia, and together shoulder the responsibilities of running the household without a female influence."] ['A student takes a job working on a cargo ship in the Great Lakes during the summer, where he witnesses life through the eyes of his fellow poorer crewmates.'] ['Dorian Gray  is a handsome, wealthy young man living in 19th century London. While generally intelligent, he is naive and easily manipulated. These faults lead to his spiral into sin and, ultimately, misery. While posing for a painting by his friend Basil , Dorian meets Basil\'s friend Lord Henry Wotton . Wotton is cynical and witty, and tells Dorian that the only life worth living is one dedicated entirely to pleasure. After Wotton convinces Dorian that youth and beauty will bring him everything he desires, Dorian openly wishes that his portrait could age instead of him. He makes this statement in the presence of a certain Egyptian statue, which supposedly has the power to grant wishes. Dorian visits a tavern, where he falls in love with a beautiful singer named Sibyl Vane . He eventually enters a romance with her , and within weeks they are engaged. Though initially overjoyed, Dorian is again persuaded by Lord Henry to pursue a more hedonistic lifestyle. Dorian sends Sibyl a hurtful letter, breaking off their relationship, and "compensating" her with a large sum of money. The next morning, Lord Henry informs Dorian that a heartbroken Sibyl Vane had killed herself the night before. Dorian is at first shocked and guilt-ridden, but then adopts Lord Henry\'s indifferent manner. He surprises Basil by going to the opera immediately after hearing of Sibyl\'s death. Returning home that night, Dorian notices a change in the portrait Basil had painted, which now hangs in his living room. The portrait now looks harsher, and a shaken Dorian has it locked away in his old school room. He becomes even more dedicated to living a sinful and heartless life. Years later, Dorian is nearing his fortieth birthday, but he looks the same as he did when he was twenty two. The townspeople are awestruck at his unchanging appearance. Over eighteen years of pointless debauchery, the portrait remained locked away, with Dorian holding the only key. Dorian had grown more and more paranoid about the picture being seen by others, and would even fire the servants that he thought might suspect something. Over the years, the painting of the young Dorian had warped into that of a hideous, demon-like creature, to reflect Dorian\'s sins. Basil eventually catches a glimpse of the portrait and attempts to talk Dorian into reforming his life. However, Dorian panics and murders his friend, leaving the body locked in the school room with the painting. Dorian blackmails an old friend into disposing of Basil\'s body secretly. He then enters into a romance with Basil\'s niece, Gladys , who was a young child when the portrait was painted. Though Gladys had always loved Dorian , those who were once close to him begin to find him suspicious. Dorian begins to realize the harm his life is doing to himself and to others. He is assaulted by James Vane , Sibyl\'s brother, who had sworn revenge for his sister\'s death. Dorian calmly tells James that he is too young to be the same man from eighteen years before. However, James soon learns the truth, but is shot during a hunting party at Dorian\'s estate while hiding in the bushes. Dorian knows he is guilty for yet another death, and realizes that he can still spare Gladys from the misfortune he would certainly cause her. After leaving her a letter explaining himself, he returns to his old school room to face the painting. After stabbing his portrait in the heart to be free of its evil spell, Dorian collapses and dies. Dorian\'s body is found, but it is now the monstrous creature from the painting. The portrait once again depicts Dorian as a young, innocent man.'] ["In Post-WW2 London, a young woman, Jean Paget, is informed by solicitor Noel Strachan that she has a large inheritance. Asked what she wants to do, Jean decides to travel to Malaya to build a well in a small village. Jean goes to the village and arranges for the well to be dug. The women will not now have to walk so far each day to collect water, as they have always done. She recalls her life in the village for three years of the war. The film flashes back to 1942 when Jean was working in an office in Kuala Lumpur in Malaya when the Japanese invaded and she was taken prisoner. As part of a group of women and children , she is the only one to speak Malay fluently, and so takes a leading role in the group. But the Japanese refuse to take any responsibility for the group, marching them from one village to another. Many of them, unused to physical labour, die. Jean is only able to survive because she understands local ways and is prepared to 'go native'. The group meets a young Australian soldier, Sergeant Joe Harman, also a prisoner, who is driving a truck for the Japanese. He and Jean strike up a friendship and he tells her about the town of Alice Springs, where he grew up. Appalled at their treatment by the Japanese, he steals food and medicines to help them. Jean does not correct his impression that she's married. When the thefts are discovered and investigated, Harman takes the blame to save Jean and the rest of the group. He is crucified on a tree and left to die by the Japanese soldiers. The distraught women are marched away, believing that Joe is dead. To further humiliate them, the Japanese assign only one guard to the group, an elderly sergeant. They become friendly with him, although they can barely communicate. They even help to carry his pack and rifle. When he dies of exhaustion, Jean asks the elders of a village if they may stay and work in the paddy fields, asking only food and a place to sleep. The elders agree and they live and work there for three years, until the war ends. The film returns to the present, and Jean discovers from the well-diggers that Joe Harman survived his punishment and returned to Australia. She decides to travel on to Australia to find him. On her travels, she visits the town of Alice Springs, where Joe lived before the war, and is much impressed with the quality of life there. She then travels to the  primitive town of Willstown in the Queensland outback, where Joe has become manager of a cattle station. But meanwhile, Joe has learnt that Jean survived the war and that she wasn't married. He travels to London to find her, using money won in a lottery. It's some time before they are reunited in Alice Springs and they fall in love immediately."] ['The story centers on Victor Joseph  and Thomas Builds-the-Fire  who live on the Coeur D\'Alene Indian Reservation in Plummer, Idaho. Thomas is an eccentric storyteller and Victor is an angry, brooding local basketball star. The two young men are linked through Victor\'s father, Arnold . Arnold rescued Thomas as an infant from a house fire that killed his parents. Consequently, Thomas considers him a hero. On the other hand, Victor, who endures Arnold\'s alcoholism, domestic violence, and eventual abandonment, regards his father with both deep love and bitter resentment. Thomas and Victor grow up together as neighbors and acquaintances, fighting with each other and simultaneously forming a close, albeit uneasy, alliance. When Arnold dies in Phoenix, Arizona, where he has settled after separating from Victor\'s mother Arlene , Victor and Thomas embark on a cross-country journey to retrieve his ashes and belongings. The trip turns out to be a soul-searching endeavor for both men. Neither of them lose sight of their identity as "Indians", but their perspectives differ. Victor is more stoic and pragmatic, and Thomas is more idealistic and traditional . This dichotomy continues all through the film and is the source of Victor\'s irritation with Thomas, and Thomas\'s fascination with Victor. Once in Phoenix, Victor must confront his conflicted feelings about his father, as well as his own identity. He also must grapple with information provided to him by his father\'s friend, Suzie Song ; namely, the true origins of the fire that killed Thomas\' parents. The trip turns out to ultimately cure Victor\'s brooding disposition toward life and shows him why his father became an alcoholic, was abusive, and eventually left their family. The film concludes with Victor achieving a better understanding of Thomas and of his unconditional reverence for Arnold.'] ['{{plot}} At the home of John Rutka and Eddie Santin, Rutka is apparently shot by an unknown assailant. Later, private eye Donald Strachey arrives at the Albany Medical Center to meet with a client. While there, he sees his partner, Tim Callahan, who is escorting his boss, a prominent New York state senator who is there for a photo op with the comatose Catholic Bishop McFee whose diocese consists of, among others, St. Michael\'s Catholic Church. Strachey is approached by Santin, who reveals that the client that approached him is none other than Rutka, who Strachey despises for his activities outing prominent local closeted homophobes. Despite attempts by Rutka and Santin to convince Strachey to help find out who shot John, Donald declines the assignment. That night, a man determinedly barges into Rutka\'s hospital room unauthorized, only to find that Rutka has already checked out. Rutka visits Strachey\'s home, but he remains unmoved, until Rutka offers him a $5,000 retainer. Strachey relunctantly accepts the job, mostly because of recent money troubles stemming from a home renovation bearing on his mind. Timmy, who has an even stronger distaste for Rutka\'s tactics, objects at first, but also agrees that they can\'t afford to pick and choose their clients in their current financial situation. The next morning, Rutka shows Strachey his attic, where he keeps his various files on both his past and prospective outing targets. One of them is Bruno Slinger, a prominent state politician who has voted against gay rights in the past, on whom Rutka has a file which includes photographic evidence of his sexual involvement with men. Suddenly, a fire breaks out at Ruka\'s house, which Strachey puts out and then investigates. As the case progresses, Strachey becomes convinced that Rutka and Santin are staging the various criminal incidents themselves, thanks in part to the assertion by Detective Sean "Bub" Bailey that Rutka has a long history of deception. Finally, Strachey decides that he can no longer continue with the case and informs Rutka that he will return the unused portion of the retainer. The next morning, a news program reports that Rutka was killed hours after Strachey severed ties with him and the investigation. Santin calls them, expression indignation that Strachey refused to believe that the death threats against Rutka were genuine. Strachey expresses remorse, and then goes back with Santin to the attic to retrieve all of Rutka\'s files for safekeeping. With John officially dead, Strachey\'s search for Rutka\'s would-be assassin is now a murder investigation. He asks Santin who the next target might have been, but Santin only knows that it might have been one of three people—Slinger, local children\'s show host Ronnie Linklater, and a mysterious third possibility identified only in Rutka\'s records as "Ultimate Hypocritical Asshole". Donald finds a plastic mud flap, torn off of an unidentified person\'s car. Later, he comes across initials for three persons who received substantial payments from Rutka—N.Z., H.G., and D.R. Through local sex worker Dik Steel, he obtains the identity of the first - Nathan Zenck, who runs a fancy hotel -- and spies on his guests\' sexual rendezvous through hidden video cameras. Strachey confronts Zenck, who mentions that Bruno Slinger is sexually connected to Ronnie Linklater and reveals that the second initials are undoubtedly those of Howie Glade, who owns a lower quality motel. The third initials remain unknown, but after interrogating Glade, Strachey finds out that Linklater was previously involved in sexual liaisons every Wednesday night with an unknown man  who was injured and possibly killed by a fallen ceiling mirror weeks ago; Glade was unable to find out the man\'s identity, but manages to get the license plates to his car. Strachey manages to trace the plates to a used car dealer named Art Murphy, who refuses to cooperate with the investigation, threatening to bludgeon Donald until he retreats. At the couple\'s home, Timmy is attacked by the man who visited Rutka\'s hospital room earlier. Strachey arrives in time to drive him away, but Timmy is hospitalized. Timmy recovers, but the experience shakes Donald enough to consider abandoning the case, until Timmy, who has had a change of heart about Rutka, convinces him to press on. Next, Strachey interviews Linklater in his studio dressing room, but the kids show host denies that either he or Slinger had any involvement in Rutka\'s death, and refuses to reveal the identity of the man the motel mirror fell on. However, after Donald\'s talk with Ronnie, he gets the impression the man survived the accident. As Strachey leaves the studio, the man who attacked Tim ambushes Donald, knocking him unconscious. When he wakes, he is greeted by the man\'s boss -- Slinger, who also denies involvement in Rutka\'s murder and demands that he hands over the file Rutka had on Bruno. Slinger allows Strachey to leave unharmed, but the P.I. can\'t get any answers from the Congressman, who says that Ronnie never told him the identify of the man injured in the motel fall. Strachey gets a slight lead from the exchange, learning that Linklater and Rutka were both involved in St. Michaels\' choir. Back at the hospital, Tim is ready to be discharged, but the couple come across Art Murphy and his wife, visiting Bishop McFee. At Strachey\'s behest, Tim finds out that McFee is Murphy\'s brother-in-law and that he was the man that drove the car every Wednesday—and was sexually involved with Linklater, explaining the true nature of the accident that had put McFee into a coma until now. Tim then uses his connections in the seminary to ask St. Michael\'s local priest, Father Morgan, who would have been the parish priest when John Rutka was in the church choir. Morgan excuses himself, heading out the back way, but the authorities are there waiting for him. Strachey, who had been holding onto the car flap, identifies it as part of the car McFee drove on Wednesdays, and now driven by Morgan. Morgan is arrested, not only for his part in covering up McFee\'s history of sex crimes, but also for the apparent murder of John Rutka. Scandal hits Morgan, McFee and the entire parish. Come Saturday, Strachey, Tim, Eddie, John\'s sister Ann, and other friends are attending John Rutka\'s funeral. Eddie graciously offers Donald the remaining fee for his work in solving Rutka\'s murder and gives the couple a business card to send the bill to. Strachey looks at the name and figures out the last of the trio of mysterious initials - David Resuto, the Rutka family lawyer. Strachey immediately grills Ann as to why Resuto would be getting $14,000, the largest of the payments made out to anyone in Rutka\'s financial ledger. Ann reluctantly explains that the payments were for a life insurance policy—and the beneficiary is Eddie. The private eye, suspicious of the payments after being told earlier that Santin was removed from Rutka\'s will, follows him to the airport and catches up to him. As he confronts Eddie, he is shocked to see a very alive John Rutka standing next to him. John explains his elaborate plan to fake his death, frame Father Morgan for a fake murder, expose McFee as a pedophile , and use the insurance money to start up a network of cheap drugs for AIDS patients in Mexico. He knew that the controversy of outing has faded as acceptance of people based on sexual orientation is rising. Rutka reveals that Eddie initially believed his lover was dead, and that John was the one who planted the mud flap where Strachey could find it. Donald is outraged at the deception, until Rutka reveals that he too was a victim of McFee\'s molestation, starting when John was only 9. Donald protests that regardless of the sex abuse cover-up, Morgan will go to prison for a murder that he did not commit. Rutka agrees that Strachey can tell the authorities that he saw him still alive, and exonerate him for that part of his sentence. Donald wavers from his determination to turn Rutka in for his crimes, but before he allows the couple to leave the country, he follows-up on a throwaway comment Rutka made earlier. Rutka reveals that he had a file on Strachey, a former Sergeant in the U.S. military, who had to leave the service with an honorable discharge when his sexual orientation was revealed—at the expense of the lieutenant he was caught in bed with, who received a much more severe punishment as the scapegoat of the two. Rutka is allowed to leave the country. Donald and Timmy realize how much insight on the complexities of life—and people—this experience has given them, and they conclude that life is not as black and white as both of them previously thought. This doesn\'t stop them from toasting their new perspective—and their now finished fireplace—by performing the one act of absolute good they are still sure of—the destruction of Rutka\'s file on Strachey.'] ["In this romantic story The Jeweller  sells wedding rings to a young couple and teaches them some precious truths about the meaning of love and marriage. The jeweller also helps another couple to fight for their troubled marriage, rebuilding their relationship. The reborn love between this second couple teaches their daughter that a loving marriage is possible, and she eventually accepts the marriage proposal from the first couple's son."] ["In 1952, Deputy Sheriff Lou Ford  is a pillar of the community in his small west Texas town &mdash; patient, dependable, and well-liked. Beneath his pleasant facade, however, he is a sociopath with violent sexual tastes. As a teenager, Lou was caught raping a five-year-old girl by his adopted brother Mike, who pleaded guilty to the crime and served prison time to protect Lou. After being released, Mike was hired by the construction firm of Chester Conway . Mike eventually died on the job after falling off a beam through several floors in a building under construction. Lou believes that Conway planned the accident. At the prodding of Sheriff Bob Maples ([[Tom Bower , Lou visits Joyce Lakeland , a prostitute who is having an affair with Conway's son, Elmer . When Joyce objects to Lou's treatment of her and slaps him, he throws her on the bed and uses his belt buckle to spank her until her buttocks are bruised and bleeding. Joyce enjoys pain, and she and Lou begin a passionate love affair. Joyce suggests that Lou would never leave town with her, but they devise a plot to extort $10,000 from the Conways. Sheriff Maples and Chester Conway ask Lou to oversee the payoff. Lou has another plan: He viciously beats Joyce, believing he has killed her. When Elmer arrives, Lou shoots and kills him. He then plants the gun on Joyce, hoping to make the scene look like a murder/suicide. Joyce survives, however, and Conway announces his intention to see her executed for killing Elmer. Lou's reputation begins to falter: His longtime girlfriend and fiancee, Amy , suspects that he is cheating on her, and the county district attorney, Howard Hendricks , who arrived in town to solve the murders, suspects that Lou could be the killer. Lou is asked to join Sheriff Maples and Conway in taking Joyce to a hospital in Fort Worth where doctors can operate on her; Conway wants her alive so he can interrogate her as soon as possible. Lou waits in a hotel room while the surgery takes place. A shaken Maples arrives to tell him that Joyce died on the operating table. Lou and Maples return to west Texas by train. While browsing his father's books at home, Lou discovers some nude photographs of a woman that were hidden in a Bible. The woman was Helene, a housekeeper and babysitter in his youth who bears a strong resemblance to Joyce. Lou recalls that Helene introduced him to sadomasochism, urging him to strike her and proclaiming that she loved pain. Lou burns the photos. Hendricks arrests a local youth, Johnnie Pappas , whom Lou has previously befriended, as a suspect in the murders of Elmer and Joyce. He was found with one of the $20 bills Elmer was to give Joyce in the payoff; Conway had the bills marked in order to blackmail Joyce if she didn't leave town. Because Lou is close to Johnnie, Hendricks asks Lou to persuade him to confess. But it was Lou who had given Johnnie the marked $20 bill after taking it from Elmer. Lou confesses to Johnnie, who promises to protect him. Lou hangs Johnnie, making it look like a suicide. Johnnie's death only makes the town more suspicious of Lou. Journalist and union organizer Joe Rothman  implies that he knows Lou killed Elmer and Joyce and suggests Lou leave town. Amy persuades him to elope and acquiesces to his desire to spank her roughly in bed. At first Lou is satisfied, but his homicidal urges begin to resurface and, as his situation grows more desperate, he contemplates killing Amy. An alcoholic bum whom Lou had previously brutalized  says he knows Lou committed the murders and expects $5,000 to keep quiet. Lou asks him to come back in two weeks, when he and Amy plan to elope. That day, Lou beats Amy to death, then chases the bum down the street, accusing him of the crime. The bum is killed by another deputy, Jeff Plummer ([[Matthew Maher . The next morning, Plummer appears on Lou's porch to tell him that Maples committed suicide, heartbroken over Lou's crimes. Hendricks and Plummer try to get a confession from Lou, who cockily refuses. They have a letter that Amy intended to give him before they eloped, in which Amy begs him to come clean. Lou is arrested and sent to an insane asylum. After a few weeks, a slick lawyer, Billy Boy Walker , has him released and drives him home. Knowing that the authorities probably have evidence against him &mdash; and that the evidence could only be Joyce, who did not die after all &mdash; Lou begins to plot his own death. Joyce, now able to walk but still bearing the scars of that brutal night, is brought to Lou's house. She tells Lou that she refused to cooperate with the authorities because she loves him. Lou says he loves her, too &mdash; and then stabs her. Plummer opens fire, igniting the gasoline and alcohol Lou has spread around the house and causing an explosion that presumably kills everyone inside, including Lou."] ['Clinical psychologist Dr. Chris Kelvin is approached by emissaries for DBA, a corporation operating a space station orbiting the planet Solaris, who relay a message sent from his scientist friend Dr. Gibarian. Gibarian requests Chris come to the station to help understand an unusual phenomenon, but is unwilling to explain the exact nature. DBA is unsure how to proceed, as the mission to study Solaris has been sidetracked and none of the astronauts want to return home. In addition, DBA has lost contact with the security patrol recently dispatched to the station. Chris agrees to a solo mission to go to Solaris as a last attempt to recover the crew. Upon arriving at the space station, Chris learns that Gibarian has committed suicide and most of the crew have either died or disappeared under bizarre circumstances. Both surviving crew members, Snow and Dr. Gordon, are reluctant to explain the situation at hand. Alone in his crew quarters, Chris dreams about his dead wife Rheya —reliving when they first met and some of their most romantic and intimate moments. He awakens shocked and terrified to encounter Rheya alive again beside him in bed and leads her into an escape pod and jettisons it into space. Chris confides his actions to Snow and comes to understand that replicas of the crew\'s loved ones have been mysteriously appearing. When Rheya manifests a second time Chris lets her stay, but she admits she doesn\'t feel human; her memories feel artificial, in that she lacks the emotional attachment that comes with actually having lived them. Chris, Rheya, Snow and Gordon meet to discuss the situation and Gordon informs Rheya what Chris did to her previous replica. Rheya leaves the meeting horrified and Chris confronts Gordon, who in turn chastises him for getting emotionally involved with something that isn\'t real and may pose a threat to human beings. Later, during a dream, Chris questions a replica of Gibarian as to what Solaris\' motives are for providing the manifestations, but is told "there are no answers, only choices." Chris wakes to find Rheya dead, having committed suicide by drinking liquid oxygen and, in front of Gordon and Snow, Chris wills her back to a restored state. Gordon reveals that she has an apparatus which can permanently destroy a replica but Chris objects to using it on Rheya. He begins ingesting a chemical stimulant to stay awake in order to monitor Rheya. Chris eventually falls asleep and Rheya approaches Gordon who destroys her with the apparatus as she has done for all replicas who have requested her to do so. Chris confronts Gordon who maintains she merely facilitated in assisted suicide and in her xenophobia she only wants the preservation of the humans. Chris and Gordon then discover the body of Snow stashed away in a ceiling vent and realize that the Snow they have been interacting with is a replica. Snow admits to being a replica and explains that upon being dreamed into existence, he was attacked by his creator and thus killed the \'original Snow\' in self-defense. The Snow replica tells them that repeat usage of the apparatus has drained the ship\'s fuel cell reactor, making a return trip to Earth impossible. Furthermore, Solaris has reacted to the behavior of the humans by increasing its mass, thereby gravitationally pulling the space station toward the planet. Gordon and Chris begin prepping a smaller space vehicle called Athena to escape. Chris is shown pondering his experiences from the space station back on Earth, discontentedly concluding that the reason Rheya\'s replica wanted to die was because he "remembered her wrong"&mdash;as suicidal. One day he cuts his finger while chopping vegetables in his kitchen, but the wound immediately regenerates, just as Rheya\'s replica once did. Then Rheya appears, declaring that they transcend life and death and that all they\'ve done to each other is forgiven. This suggests that Chris isn\'t really on Earth, or that what\'s on Earth isn\'t really Chris. Chris never actually leaves the space station with Gordon: he sends her off alone and stays behind to plummet into Solaris.'] ["In 1949, young cowboy John Grady Cole and his best friend Lacey Rawlins leave their family ranches in San Angelo, Texas and cross the border on horseback south to Mexico to seek work. They encounter on the trail a peculiar 13-year-old boy named Jimmy Blevins, whom they befriend, and later meet a young aristocrat's daughter, Alejandra Villarreal, with whom Cole falls in love. Cole and Rawlins become hired hands for Alejandra's father, who likes their work, but Cole's romantic interest in his daughter is unwelcome by her wealthy aunt. After Alejandra is taken away by her father, Cole and Rawlins are arrested by Mexican police and taken to jail, where they again find Blevins. Blevins has been accused of stealing a horse and murder. He is killed by a corrupt police captain. Cole and Rawlins are sent to a Mexican prison for abetting Blevins' crime, where they must defend themselves against dangerous inmates. Cole and Rawlins are both nearly killed. Cole is freed by the aunt of Alejandra on the condition that she never sees him again. Rawlins is also freed. While Rawlins returns to his parents' ranch in Texas, Cole attempts to reunite with Alejandra over her family's objections. Her mother is confident that Alejandra will keep her word and not get back together with Cole - so much so that she even gives him her daughter's phone number. Cole urges Alejandra to come to Texas with him. She, however, decides she must keep her word and though she loves him, she will not go with him. Cole then sets out to get revenge on the captain who took the Blevins boy's life, as well as to get back his and Lacey's and Blevins' horses. After making the captain his prisoner, he turns him over to Mexican men, including one with whom he previously shared a cell. Riding through a small town in Texas and towing two horses behind the one he is riding, he stops to inquire what day it is . He asks if a couple of men would be interested in buying a rifle, as he needs the money. One is a sheriff's deputy and arrests him because all three horses have different brands and Cole is suspect as a horse thief. In court, Cole tells the judge his story from the beginning. The judge believes him and orders him freed and the horses returned to him. Later that evening, Cole shows up at the judge's home and is troubled. The judge had said good things about him in court but he feels guilty that Blevins was killed - and while there was nothing he could have done to prevent the killing, he never even spoke up at the time and is upset with himself for that. The judge tells him he is being too hard on himself and it could not have been helped; he must go on and live his life. Cole rides up to Lacey Rawlins on his family's ranch and asks him if he wants his horse back."] ['David Gordon , a popular science fiction author, lost his wife Mary when they were trying to adopt a child. Two years later, David is finally matched with a young boy named Dennis . Socially awkward, Dennis believes he is from Mars and only goes outdoors when under the cover of a large box to block out the sun\'s harmful rays. Although initially hesitant to adopt a boy by himself, David recognizes a part of him in Dennis and slowly coaxes him out of the box and into his home. With the help of David\'s friend Harlee  and sister Liz , David and Dennis begin an arduous process of learning about each other, from Dennis\'s incessant photo-taking habits, his inclination to eat only Lucky Charms, and his perpetual stealing, to David\'s continuing love of his wife, his love of baseball and his own struggles to be accepted by others. As David teaches Dennis how to be an "Earthling," father and son earn each other\'s trust and eventually find someone who will love them unequivocally.'] ["Becky Sharp , a socially ambitious English young lady manages to survive during the years following Napoleon's defeat at Waterloo. In her efforts to advance herself, she manages to link up with a number of gentlemen: the Marquis of Steyne , Joseph Sedley , Rawdon Crawley , and George Osborne . She rises to the top of British society and becomes the scourge of the social circle, offending the other ladies such as Lady Bareacres . Finally, Sharp falls into the humiliation of singing for her meals in a beer hall. But Becky never stays down for long."] ['During a war between France and the Protestant rebels of La Rochelle, Cardinal Richelieu orders Count de Rochefort to kidnap Constance de Bonancieux. The evil Milady de Winter, who wants revenge on d\'Artagnan, seduces him to keep him occupied. He soon discovers her true nature, however, and that she was once married to Athos, who had supposedly killed her after discovering what she was: a branded criminal. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis rescue Constance from her imprisonment in Saint Cloud and take her to safety in the convent of Armentieres. Milady sends d\'Artagnan poisoned wine along with a note to trick him into thinking that the other musketeers got drunk and imprisoned. As he goes to bail them out, he is attacked by Rochefort and his men. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis join the fight, at the end of which Rochefort runs away and one of his men is captured and tortured for information, revealing that Richelieu is going to the Dovecote Inn, before he drinks the poisoned wine and dies, revealing Milady\'s trap. Athos, Porthos and Aramis spies on Richelieu as the cardinal gives Milady orders to "persuade" the Duke of Buckingham not to send a relief force to aid the rebels, threatening him with exposure of the secret of his love affair with the queen, and to kill him if he does not comply. In return, Milady asks for a warrant so she can kill d\'Artagnan and Constance, and he reluctantly signs one, wording it in a way so that it does not leave any evidence against him. However, Athos takes the death warrant from de Winter and later tells d\'Artagnan of the plot. d\'Artagnan sends his servant Planchet to warn the Duke. In England, Milady asks Buckingham not to help the rebels, but he refuses, so Milady tries to assassinate him, but is captured. Buckingham has his servant Felton lock her away in the Tower of London prior to a proposed exile to America, but she seduces Felton and convinces him that Buckingham is his enemy. Felton helps her escape and return to France, and then kills Buckingham before Planchet can warn him. It is not long before La Rochelle surrenders. Now bent on killing d\'Artagnan and Constance, Rochefort and Milady, with a force of guards, occupy the convent at Armentieres, and battle the four musketeers when they arrive. While Rochefort and his men hold the musketeers at bay, Milady strangles Constance before being captured by Athos. d\'Artagnan duels Rochefort to the death and, despite Rochefort breaking his sword, spears him in the chest, killing him. Milady is sentenced to death by beheading by the four musketeers, and they hire an executioner to carry out the punishment. Right afterwards, they are arrested by the cardinal\'s guards. Richelieu charges d\'Artagnan for killing his two most valuable servants, but d\'Artagnan shows him the signed death warrant, which  fully legitimizes d\'Artagnan\'s actions. Utterly defeated and quite impressed at d\'Artagnan\'s achievement, the cardinal gives him a commission for either him or one of his three friends to become an officer. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis turn it down, so d\'Artagnan is now promoted to lieutenant of the musketeers.'] ['Katherine "Katy" McLaughlin  has big dreams of administering her father\'s Wyoming horse ranch one day, but her father, Rob , has other plans. He is currently grooming her older brother, Howard , to take over the ranch and sends Katy away to an exclusive private school where she constantly feels like a misfit. Being a similar, independent spirit to Katy, Rob has a hard time understanding his daughter as she continually defies his authority to follow her own path. When she comes home for the summer, Katy is met with her father\'s disapproval because she did not finish a writing assignment at school, but is happily greeted by her mother, Nell , and Howard. As much as Katy wants to run the ranch, Howard does not, and instead longs to attend college. One day while out riding, Katy finds a wild mustang, and feels an instant connection with the horse. She sets off to tame the mare, which she names "Flicka", despite Rob\'s protests that he does not want a mustang near his horses. Later on, Flicka is captured during a roundup. Rob still does not want a wild horse running amongst the saddle horses and forbids Katy from going near Flicka. Determined to prove she can run the ranch just as well as Howard, Katy defies Rob and starts training the mare at night. Flicka slowly warms to Katy and the two developed a close bond. When Rob finds out, he sells Flicka to the rodeo, leaving Katy devastated. Both Nell and Howard are furious at Rob about making the decision without including them. Seeing his sister heartbroken over losing her beloved horse, Howard finally stands up to his father and says that he does not want the ranch. The family becomes even more divided when Rob refuses to return Flicka. Howard and Nell refuse to help Rob with the ranch, which he is now considering selling since Howard does not want it. Meanwhile, isolated in her room, Katy starts writing about Flicka to try and escape her pain. At the rodeo, Howard and Katy  enter the competition that Flicka is being used in, hoping to get the horse back. Not realizing who she is at first, the frightened mare runs from Katy until the girl calls her name. Rob, however, catches onto his daughter\'s plan and tries to intervene. Katy freezes at the sight of her father, but Howard boosts his sister onto the mare\'s back and lets the two escape. Riding Flicka, Katy becomes lost in the mountains, and allows Flicka, who knows the terrain, to make her way towards the ranch. Back at the rodeo, the family reconciles and begins searching for Katy as a fierce thunderstorm moves in. As they near the ranch, Katy and Flicka are attacked by a mountain lion. The mare bolts, throwing Katy to the ground and the cat goes to attack her. Flicka protects Katy, but is badly wounded. The girl binds the mare\'s wounds and refuses to leave her. Already cold and wet, Katy quickly develops a high fever. After hours of searching, Rob finds the two and brings a delirious Katy back to the house. As her fever spikes dangerously high, Katy calls for Flicka as Nell tends to her. Rob thinks Flicka is mortally wounded and believes she should be put down, though fellow ranchers disagree. Overhearing the argument, a dazed Katy stumbles into the room and gives her father permission to shoot the horse. Heartbroken by her words, Rob goes outside and begins to cry as he finally understands his daughter\'s feelings and her pain. Later, a gunshot is heard and Katy bursts into tears, thinking Flicka is dead. The next morning, Nell finds Rob walking back to the house, supporting the injured Flicka. She runs outside to help and finds out that the gunshot was him shooting at the mountain lion. Both are stunned that the mare is still alive and decide not to put her down. Katy\'s fever breaks and over the next couple of days, she begins to recover. As he watches over his daughter, Rob finds the story that Katy had been writing about Flicka and begins reading it, eventually typing the story and sending it to the school so that Katy can pass for the year. When Katy wakes from the fever, she and Rob reconcile and he takes her to see Flicka, whom Katy is shocked to see is alive. Rob also apologizes to Howard and gives his son his blessing. Thrilled, Howard begins preparing for college. As a family, they decide to not sell the ranch, making it both a working ranch and a refuge for wild mustangs.'] ['Set in the suburban neighbourhood of "Burnfield" in Austin, Texas, five young adults are in the daily habit of hanging out by a garbage dumpster on the corner of a local convenience store, occasionally taunting the foreign clerk  who works there. The film\'s main character, Jeff , is an aimless soul unsure of his future. Jeff is dating Sooze , who has expressed the desire to leave Burnfield and become an artist. Jeff\'s best friends are Buff , and Tim , a troubled young honorably discharged military man who drinks too much and has a knack for shooting his mouth off. Sooze\'s friend Bee Bee  is a recovering alcoholic who is invited to join the group. One evening, an old friend of theirs, Pony , now a rock star, shows up looking to reconnect with them. Most of the group is glad to see him, although some of them are bitter and jealous of his recent success. Through actions and conversations they all contemplate what they want to do with the rest of their lives in this Generation X release.'] ['While vacationing in Switzerland, physician Chris Nielsen  meets artist Annie Collins . They are instantly attracted to each other, and bond as if they had known each other for a long time. They marry and have two children: Ian  and Marie . Their idyllic life comes to an end when the children die in a car crash. Life becomes very difficult: Annie suffers a mental breakdown, and the strains on their marriage threaten to lead to divorce, but they manage to struggle through their losses. On the anniversary of the day they decided not to divorce, Chris is killed in a car accident. Unaware that he is dead and confused when nobody can interact with him, Chris lingers on Earth. He watches Annie\'s attempts to cope with the loss and he attempts to communicate with her, despite advice from a spirit-like presence that it will only cause her pain. When his attempts only leave her more distraught, he decides to move on. Chris awakens in Heaven, and finds that his immediate surroundings are controlled by his imagination. He meets a man  whom Chris recognizes as Albert, his friend and mentor from his medical residency, and the spirit-like presence from his time as a "ghost" on Earth. Albert will be his guide in this new life. Albert teaches Chris about his new existence in Heaven, and how to shape his little corner of it and to travel to others\' "dreams". They are surprised when a Blue Jacaranda tree appears unbidden in Chris\'s surroundings, matching a tree in a new painting by Annie. Albert explains that this is a sign that the couple are truly soul mates. Chris encounters an Asian woman with the name tag "Leona", whom he recognizes as his daughter Marie, living in an area shaped like a diorama she loved in life. The two share a tearful reunion. Meanwhile on Earth, Annie is unable to cope with the loss of her husband and commits suicide. Chris, who is initially relieved that her suffering is over, quickly becomes angry when he learns that those who commit suicide are sent to Hell; this is not the result of any judgement made against them, but that it is their nature to create "nightmare" afterlife worlds based on their pain. Chris is adamant that he will rescue Annie from Hell, despite Albert\'s insistence that no one has ever succeeded in doing so. Albert agrees to find Chris a "tracker"  to help find Annie\'s soul. On the journey to Hell, Chris finds himself recalling his son, Ian. Remembering how he\'d called him the one man he\'d want at his side to brave Hell, Chris realizes Albert is Ian. Ian explains that he chose Albert\'s appearance because he knew that Chris would listen to Albert without reservation. Before they part ways, Ian begs Chris to remember how he saved his marriage following Ian and Marie\'s deaths. Chris then journeys onward with the tracker. After traversing a field containing the faces of the damned, they come to a dark and twisted replica of Chris and Annie\'s house. The tracker then reveals himself as the real Albert, and warns Chris that if he stays with Annie for more than a few minutes he may become permanently trapped in Hell. All that Chris can reasonably expect is a chance to say a final farewell to Annie. Chris enters the house to find Annie suffering from amnesia, unable even to remember her suicide and tortured by her decrepit surroundings. Unable to stir her memories, he "gives up", but not the way the Tracker hoped he would; he chooses to join Annie forever in Hell. As he announces his intent to stay to Annie, his words parallel something he had said to her when he left her in an institution following their children\'s deaths, and she regains her memories even as Chris is succumbing to her nightmare. Annie, wanting nothing more at that moment than to save Chris, ascends to Heaven, bringing Chris with her. Chris and Annie are reunited with their children in Heaven, whose original appearances are restored. Chris proposes reincarnation, so that he and Annie can experience life together all over again. The film ends with Chris and Annie meeting again as young children in a situation roughly parallel to their first meeting.'] ["Conflicted, light-skinned Sergeant Waters  ruthlessly heaps abuse upon his men. He calls them names, but he especially relishes torturing the jovial and highly talented C.J. Memphis ([[Larry Riley . Sergent Waters especially cannot stand the light-hearted behavior from the fellow black men in the platoon. When Waters is killed, there are plenty of suspects for Captain Davenport  to investigate. Some soldiers also believe that Sergeant Waters was killed by the Ku Klux Klan. Art Evans plays Private Wilkie, a nervous man too acquiescent for his own good. David Alan Grier plays C.J.'s closest friend, bonded by their Mississippi roots. Denzel Washington, in one of his earliest motion picture roles, portrays the deeply embittered Pfc. Peterson."] ["Curt Bridges  and his brother, Arthur , track down the panther which has killed many of the cattle on his family's ranch. At the same time their family begins to  fall apart at home while awaiting their return. The discovery of Arthur's body further fractures the family and sends Ma and Pa Bridges further into each of their respective personal problems."] ['In the small town of Paradise, Massachusetts, chief of police Jesse Stone  is on the phone with his ex-wife in Los Angeles who tells him not to call her that night. She\'s started seeing someone who finds it strange that the two still talk every evening. Jesse is dealing with other changes in his life. His deputy Luther "Suitcase" Simpson  is still in a coma from a head-wound he received in a supermarket robbery, his other deputy, Molly Crane, resigned from the force to have children, and her replacement, Rose Gammon , finds Jesse\'s behavior a little strange. Rose once worked for Jesse\'s predecessor. Jesse is still struggling to control his drinking. He receives advice on the street from a concerned neighbor, Hilda Evans , who recommends the music of Johannes Brahms to comfort him when he\'s feeling troubled. After stopping by the hospital to read to Luther, then stopping to give a parking ticket to brash Sybil Martin , Jesse returns home alone and plays a record album he purchased of Brahms\' piano music.The music is from Six Pieces for Piano, Intermezzo in A Major, Op. 118 No. 2 by Johannes Brahms. Completed in 1893 and dedicated to Clara Schumann, the collection was the second to last composition to be published during Brahms\' lifetime, and his second to last work composed for solo piano. As part of the murder investigation, Jesse drives to the home of Rebecca\'s sister, Leeann , who moved back to Massachusetts following the discovery of Rebecca\'s body to care for her ailing mother. After questioning her about her sister, Jesse asks how she could afford the expensive hospice care. Leeann tells him she made a lot of money in real estate while living in Beverly Hills. In the coming days, Jesse and Leeann talk on the phone and are clearly attracted to each other. Later, Jesse drives back to Leeann and they have dinner together, kissing each other goodnight. Meanwhile, Luther\'s "coply intuition" leads him to request a background check on Leeann, which reveals that she was reported missing by her landlady the day of the robbery. The report also indicates that Leeann worked as a waitress, not in real estate. Jesse deduces that the woman claiming to be Leeann is actually Rebecca. Jesse drives back to Leeann\'s home and reveals that he knows her true identity. Rebecca admits that when she had discovered the money laundering operation at the bank, she convinced Leeann to pose as a male bank robber and take her hostage. Her plans went wrong when the guard shot Leeann during the robbery. When the sisters reached the spot where they had planned to change clothes, Leeann died from her gunshot wound. Rebecca stripped Leeann of the robber\'s clothes, buried them, put her clothes on Leeann and buried her too. She took the money and returned to California, assuming her sister\'s identity. Two years later, her mother suffered a stroke the day after the body of Leeann was discovered and misidentified as Rebecca. She moved back to Massachusetts to care for her, still posing as Leeann. Knowing that if he arrests Rebecca, her mother will have no one. As he leaves, Jesse says, "You won\'t be hearing from me again." Back in Boston, Jesse tells Gino that the woman who stole his money from the bank used most of it taking care of her sick mother. At first thinking Jesse is being facetious, Gino comes to believe that Jesse in fact does not know where the money is and agrees to call off Terrance. Returning home to Paradise that night, Jesse calls Rebecca but is unable to speak. As he straightens his framed picture of Ozzie Smith that is perpetually crooked, Terrance steps from the shadows and fires a shot at him. Seeing Terrance in the reflection of the glass, Jesse avoids the shot, dives for his gun on the coffee table, and takes cover behind the kitchen counter where he returns fire and kills Terrance Genest. Afterwards, Jesse walks out onto the deck, sits down with a drink, and with Reggie at his side, looks out in loneliness at the evening sky.'] ['Avner, an adept Israeli military officer is selected as the leader of a Mossad team of expert agents for a covert mission to avenge the Munich massacre and other recent terrorist acts. They are initially successful in their assassinations but as they progress it becomes harder and harder to find their targets and they themselves are targeted with varying success by their enemies. Avner, having lost the majority of his team, begins having doubts about the mission and finally calls it off. He wishes to retire from Mossad and rejoin the regular ranks of the IDF, but his case officer is reluctant to let his most valuable asset go.'] ['Abandoned by her husband and trapped in a malaise that has left her depressed and indifferent to her surroundings, recovering drug addict Kathy Nicolo , living alone in a small house near San Francisco, ignores eviction notices erroneously sent to her for nonpayment of county taxes. Assuming the misunderstanding was cleared up months ago, she is surprised when Sheriff\'s Deputy Lester Burdon  arrives to forcibly evict her from her house. Telling Kathy that her home is to be auctioned off, Burdon feels sympathy for her, helps her move out and advises her to seek legal assistance to regain her house. Immigrant Massoud Amir Behrani , a former colonel in the Iranian military who fled his homeland with his family, now lives in San Francisco working multiple menial jobs. Living beyond his means, he maintains the façade of a respectable businessman so as not to shame his wife Nadereh , son Esmail  and married daughter Soraya. Seeing the auction of Kathy\'s house in the newspaper, he buys it for a quarter of its actual value intending to improve and sell the house and use the profits to secure his family\'s future. While driving by, Kathy is angered to see her house being renovated and confronts the construction workers, injuring her foot. Nadereh and Esmail treat her wound, but her jealousy at seeing how the Behranis have settled in only makes her more determined to get her house back. Taking Lester\'s advice, Kathy finds an attorney who assures her that because of the county\'s mistake, they will return Massoud\'s money and the house will be restored to her. Massoud, having already spent money on improving the house, is unwilling to accept anything less than the much higher appraised value of the property, which the county refuses to pay. Informed that her only option is to sue the county, Kathy instead tries to convince Massoud to sell back the house for what he paid by telling him she and her brother inherited it from their father. Massoud refuses and angrily manhandles Kathy back into her car. Desperate for help and a place to stay, Kathy seeks Lester out and enters his private life; the two begin an affair and eventually he abandons his wife and children and becomes her protector. Lester confronts Massoud under a pseudonym, threatening to have him deported if he refuses to resell the house back to the county. Massoud reports this to the police and identifies Lester from a photo, resulting in a reprimand by Internal Affairs, and furiously warns Kathy to back off. Now aware that Lester is in trouble, Kathy calls her brother Frank, but he is unwilling to help her. Despondent, Kathy attempts suicide outside her old house, but Massoud finds her and brings her inside the house. Kathy again tries to kill herself with pills, but Nadereh saves her by inducing her to vomit. As she and her husband carry Kathy to the bedroom, Lester breaks into the house, sees Kathy unconscious, and locks the Behranis in their own bathroom, refusing to let them out until Massoud agrees to relinquish the house. Massoud eventually offers to sell the house back to the county for the price he paid and will give Kathy the money in exchange for her putting the house in his name. Lester agrees to take Massoud and Esmail to the county office to finalize the transaction, while Kathy reluctantly goes along with the plan. Outside the office, Lester begins to manhandle Massoud and Esmail seizes Lester\'s gun and aims it at him. Massoud grabs hold of Lester and screams for help, drawing the attention of nearby police officers who misinterpret the situation and shoot Esmail instead of Lester. Massoud is arrested but is released after Lester confesses and is imprisoned. After his release, Massoud rushes to the hospital only to find his son did not survive. Massoud, distraught and grief-stricken after the loss of his son, goes home and kills Nadereh by lacing her tea with a lethal dose of medication. He then dons his old military uniform, tapes a plastic dust cover over his head, and asphyxiates himself beside Nadereh\'s body whilst clutching her hand. Kathy eventually finds the couple and frantically attempts to revive Massoud with CPR but she is too late. As the bodies of Massoud and Nadereh are taken away by paramedics, a policeman asks Kathy if the house is hers. After a long pause, she quietly replies "no".'] ["Ken McLaughlin's  mare Flicka gives birth to an all-white colt that, unknown to Ken's dad, Rob , was actually sired by a neighboring rancher's thoroughbred racehorse, Appalachia, rather than Rob's own stallion, Banner. Ken's mother, Nell , names the colt Thunderhead after the billowing white clouds she sees overhead. Ken trains Thunderhead as a race horse, but the colt suffers an injury during his first race, ending his racing career. Meawhile, the Albino, a wild stallion that has been raiding local ranchers' herds for years, steals Rob McLaughlin's best mares and kills Banner, putting the family near bankruptcy. The Albino is also Thunderhead's grand-sire. Rob, Ken, and the ranch hands search for the mares, but during the night, Thunderhead gets loose and runs off. Tracking Thunderhead on foot to a secluded valley, Ken discovers the Albino's herd, including his father's horses. The Albino attacks Ken, but Thunderhead fights and kills the Albino, saving Ken's life. Rob and the others arrive as Thunderhead rounds up the Albino's herd, heading them to the McLaughlin ranch. But once there, Thunderhead is uneasy. Rob tells Ken that Thunderhead is a king now and wants to roam his realm. Ken removes Thunderhead's halter, freeing him."] ["King Arthur  establishes the greatest reign England has ever seen through peace and prosperity, and along for the ride are his indispensable Knights of the Round Table, particularly Sir Lancelot ([[Robert Taylor . Then, Arthur finds himself a bride, the beautiful Guinevere . While she loves Arthur, she also loves Lancelot and though Lancelot repeatedly fights it, he loves her, too. Treachery is brewing as the evil Morgan le Fay  and her knight Sir Modred  work to trap them. Together they murder Arthur's advisor, the magician Merlin, by poisoning him. So begins the decline and eventual fall of Arthur and Camelot. Guenevere enters a convent. At the end, Arthur, and therefore England, fall in battle against Modred and his men. Lancelot seeks out Modred at his castle. He challenges Modred, and he and Modred then enter an epic fight, resulting in Modred's death. Lancelot goes back to the hall of the round table where Percival  sees the Holy Grail. In this version of the legend, Guinevere meets Lancelot before she marries Arthur. In the original legend, unlike the film, Arthur and Modred kill each other in battle, so Lancelot does not have to avenge him. Also, Modred and Morgan Le Fay appear to be lovers, not nephew and aunt as in the original stories, although this is never directly stated.{{cite news}}"] ['In the midst of a nuclear war, the Builders of the underground "City of Ember" place secret instructions to future generations in a small box, timed to open in 200 years. The box is thrust into the hands of the mayor of the underground complex. Each mayor, in turn, passes the box onto his or her successor. When the box has 47 more years left on the time-lock, the mayor holding the box dies suddenly. The significance of the box had not been explained to anyone else, and the mayor\'s family places it in a junk-filled closet. When it finally reaches year 200, the time-lock clicks open, but the event goes unnoticed. For generations, the people of Ember have lived in a huge underground complex built as a refuge for humanity. It is built into a vast cavern so high that it is filled with regular-sized buildings. Far above the tops of the buildings are banks of floodlights that light the city during the day and provide light for the greenhouses. The lights are powered by a massive generator. Now it is year 247 and Ember threatens to fall into darkness as the generator begins to fail. Blackouts are occurring with increasing frequency and last longer each time. There\'s also a major shortage of canned goods and light bulbs. At a rite of passage for all graduating students called Assignment Day, the mayor  stands before the graduating students as they choose, by lottery, what their occupations will be. Lina , a young girl dreaming to be a messenger, is assigned "Pipeworks Laborer" and Doon  is assigned "Messenger". The two swap occupations. Lina goes home to find her grandmother searching for something in the closet, which turns out to be the lost metal box. Unable to piece the torn papers inside the box together, Lina nevertheless resolves to decipher their meaning and enlists Doon\'s help. As blackouts become more frequent, Lina and Doon realize that the information inside the box could lead to the salvation of Ember. Racing against time, the two follow the clues, cleverly maneuvering around corrupt politicians. During their flight, it turns out that their parents had once joined in an attempt to make their way beyond Ember - an attempt which ended when Lina\'s father drowned after their tunneler hit an underground river. The pair realizes the document is a set of instructions on how to escape the city, and they search for the hidden exit. They also discover that the mayor has been hoarding canned food in a secret room. When they report the theft, they are declared traitors. Now on the run from the mayor\'s police, the pair puts their escape plan into action. They fetch Poppy, Lina\'s younger sister, and follow the instructions, which leads them to the surface where they see and feel the natural air and sky for the first time. At first, they despair, because it is dark and they assume that they haven\'t escaped, but they do not realize it is nighttime. In the morning, as the sun rises, they gaze in amazement at the glowing sun and blue sky. They then tie a message of their discovery to a rock and drop it back down to the city, where it is found by Doon\'s father .'] ['A famous painter named Claude Zoret falls in love with one of his models, Michael, and for a time the two live happily as partners. Zoret is considerably older than Michael, and as they age, Michael begins to drift from him, although Zoret is completely blind to this. When a bankrupt countess comes to Zoret to have a portrait made — with the real intent of seducing him and swindling his money — she finds Michael to be more receptive to her advances. At her lead, the two quickly become a couple and she immediately begins using Michael to steal from Zoret. When Zoret discovers what has been going on, he is crushed and his work suffers terribly. Michael sells the painting of himself that Zoret made and gave to him as a gift, and steals and sells the sketches Zoret made of their time in Algiers, where they first fell in love. Zoret begins work on his masterpiece: a large-scale painting of a man lying on a beach, using Algiers as a background, depicting "a man who has lost everything", as one character put it on first sight of the work. After completing the painting, Zoret falls ill. Charles Switt sits beside Zoret on his deathbed. Switt had always loved Zoret, and has stayed with him throughout, never criticizing Michael for fear of hurting his unrequited love. Switt sends a message to Michael, telling him that Zoret is dying and to come at once, but the Countess prevents him from getting it. Zoret\'s last words, which also serve as the prologue to the film, are "Now I can die in peace, for I have seen true love."'] ['Army Colonel William Edwards  is investigating the case of Major Harry Cargill , accused of collaborating with the enemy while he and his unit were held captive in a North Korean prisoner of war camp. Cargill willingly admits his guilt and brings forth evidence that proves that he signed a germ-warfare confession and broadcast anti-American speeches over the radio, seemingly an act of treason. It seems to be an open and shut case, were it not for Cargill\'s inexplicable refusal to defend himself. Arousing further suspicion is the fact that his collaboration immediately followed the deaths of two of his soldiers, and the surviving members in the unit all recite an identical, rehearsed account of those deaths. Edwards\' commander, General Connors , has a strong personal interest - his son, Captain Joe Connors , was one of the two deaths - and presses Edwards to recommend a court-martial, but Edwards delves into the mystery, refusing to accept the facile explanations. In the end, the shocking truth comes out. Lieutenant George Miller  reveals that after Lieutenant Harvey  was killed trying to escape, the rest of the men discovered that, under torture, Captain Connors had betrayed him. Over Cargill\'s strong objections, they decided to execute Connors; Miller picked the short straw and had to strangle him. Meanwhile, their captor, Colonel Kim , had given Cargill an ultimatum: give in, or all his men would be executed. General Connors is crushed that his son collaborated and calls him a traitor. Cargill argues with Connors\' judgment, stating that there must be a time limit on being a hero. He denounces the unwritten "Code" espoused by General Connors for demanding too much from soldiers, but General Connors reminds him that while Cargill anguished over the lives and families of 16 men, that many commanders had to anguish over the effect of their orders on the lives and families of thousands. Edwards agrees with General Connors that although Cargill acted out of a humane selflessness, Cargill\'s judgment was flawed. He recommends that all charges be dropped, but warns Cargill that there will be a court-martial, but Edwards himself will defend Cargill. Maybe they won\'t come up with all the answers, Edwards tells him, but "they\'ll know we asked the questions".'] ['Charlie Gordon , a mentally retarded man with a strong desire to make himself smarter, has been attending night school for two years where he has been taught by Alice Kinnian  to read and write. However, his spelling remains poor and he is even unable to spell his own name. Alice takes Charlie to the "Nemur-Straus" clinic run by Dr. Richard Nemur and Dr. Anna Straus. Nemur and Straus have been increasing the intelligence of laboratory mice with a new surgical procedure and are looking for a human test subject. As part of a series of tests to ascertain Charlie\'s suitability for the procedure, he is made to race Algernon, one of the laboratory mice. Algernon physically runs through a maze while Charlie uses a pencil to trace his way through a diagram of the same maze. Charlie is disappointed that he consistently loses the races. Nevertheless, he is given the experimental surgery. After the surgery, Charlie is initially angered that he is not immediately smarter than he was before and still loses in races against Algernon. Eventually, however, he beats Algernon in a race and then his intelligence starts increasing rapidly. Alice continues to teach him, but he soon surpasses her. Charlie\'s co-workers also try to tease him by making him work on a machine that they know he will not be able to work. When Charlie shows he can work the machine, his co-workers are not pleased with the fact that he is now intelligent and cannot be teased anymore. They sign a petition against him and he loses his job at the bakery. Charlie also starts staring at Alice\'s bottom and breasts as well as drawing and painting abstract nude figures of her. He also questions whether Alice loves her fiancé. One night, Charlie follows Alice back to her apartment and sexually assaults her, pulling her to the floor and kissing her forcefully until she breaks free by slapping him. The film then uses a montage sequence to show Charlie with a mustache and goatee riding a motorcycle, kissing a series of different women, smoking and dancing. At the end of the sequence, Charlie has returned home and Alice comes to visit him, both having learned during their time apart that they want to be together. A further montage sequence shows Charlie and Alice running through woods and kissing under trees accompanied by a voice-over of the two of them talking about marriage. Straus and Nemur present their research to a panel of scientists, including a question and answer session with Charlie. Charlie is aggressive during the session and then reveals that Algernon has just died, causing Charlie to believe that his own increased intelligence is only temporary. After suffering visions of his intelligence fading and of the Charlie from before the operation following him, Charlie decides to work with Nemur and Straus to see if he can be saved. Charlie discovers that there is nothing that can be done to prevent his own intelligence from fading. Alice visits Charlie and asks him to marry her, but he refuses and tells her to leave. Alice watches Charlie playing with children in a playground, having reverted to his former self.'] ['While working as a correspondent at the offices of the Northern Star newspaper, Kipling  is approached by a ragged, seemingly crazed derelict, who reveals himself to be his old acquaintance Peachy Carnehan . Peachy tells Kipling the story of how he and his comrade-in-arms Danny Dravot  travelled to remote Kafiristan , became gods, and ultimately lost everything. A few years earlier, the pair of rogues had met Kipling at his office. After signing a contract pledging mutual loyalty and forswearing drink and women until they achieved their grandiose aims, Peachy and Danny set off on an epic overland journey north beyond the Khyber Pass, "travelling by night and avoiding villages", fighting off bandits, blizzards, and avalanches, into the unknown land of Kafiristan . They chance upon a Gurkha soldier who goes by the name Billy Fish , the sole survivor of a mapping expedition several years earlier. Billy speaks English as well as the local tongue, and it is he, acting as translator and interpreter of the customs and manners, who smooths the path of Peachy and Danny as they begin their rise, first offering their services as military advisors, trainers, and war leaders to the chief of the much-raided village of Er-Heb. Peachy and Danny muster a force to attack the villagers\' most-hated enemy, the Bashkai. In their first battle, the natives decide that Danny must be a god when he is unharmed after being struck in the chest by an arrow. In fact, the arrow was stopped by a bandolier hidden beneath his clothing. As victory follows victory, the defeated are recruited to join the swelling army. Finally, no one is left to stand in their way, and they are summoned to the holy city of Sikandergul, where the chief high priest, Kafu Selim, sets up a re-enactment of the arrow incident, in order to determine whether Danny is a man or a god by seeing whether or not he bleeds. When Danny flinches, the monks grab him and rip open his shirt, only to be stopped however, by Danny\'s Masonic Jewel . By coincidence, the symbol on the Jewel matches a hidden symbol, known only to the highest holy man, of "Sikander" , who had passed through the country thousands of years before and promised to return. The holy men are convinced Danny is the son of Sikander. They hail him as king and lead the two men down to storerooms heaped with treasure that belonged to Sikander, which now belongs to Danny. As the months pass, Peachy is anxious to leave with the treasure before winter closes the passes . Danny is against it, however, and develops delusions of grandeur. First, he suggests that Peachy bow to him like the others. Then he begins making plans to turn the land into a modern country, to the extent that he envisages eventually meeting Queen Victoria "as an equal". Disgusted, Peachy decides to take as much booty as he can carry on a small mule train, with his old friend\'s blessing. Meanwhile, Danny decides to take a wife after seeing the beautiful Roxanne , despite Peachy\'s strong warnings. Roxanne, having a superstitious fear that she will be struck dead if she consorts with a god, tries frantically to escape, biting Danny during the wedding ceremony. The bite draws blood, and when everyone sees it, they realise Danny is human after all. The angry natives pursue him and Peachy. Billy tries to buy time by courageously charging the mob singlehandedly with a kukri, but the pair are soon captured. Danny is forced to walk to the middle of a rope bridge over a deep gorge; he apologises to Peachy before the ropes are cut. Peachy is crucified between two pine trees, but is cut down the next day when he survives the ordeal. Eventually, he makes his way back to India, but his mind has become unhinged by his sufferings. As Peachy finishes his story, he presents Kipling with Danny\'s head, still wearing its crown, thereby proving the tale is true.'] ["The film tells of two very different men who share a Brazilian prison cell: Valentin Arregui , who is imprisoned  due to his activities on behalf of a leftist revolutionary group, and Luis Molina  a homosexual in prison for having sex with an underage boy. Molina passes the time by recounting memories from one of his favorite films, a wartime romantic thriller that's also a Nazi propaganda film. He weaves the characters into a narrative meant to comfort Arregui and distract him from the harsh realities of political imprisonment and the separation from the woman he cares about. Arregui allows Molina to penetrate some of his defensive self and opens up. Despite Arregui occasionally snapping at Molina over his rather shallow views of political cinema, an unlikely friendship develops between the two. As the story develops, it becomes clear that Arregui is being poisoned by his jailers to provide Molina with a chance to befriend him, and that Molina is spying on Arregui on behalf of the Brazilian secret police. Molina has namely been promised a parole if he succeeds in obtaining information that will allow the secret police to find the revolutionary group's members. However, Molina falls in love with Arregui, and Arregui responds after a fashion, culminating in a physical consummation of their love on Molina's last night in prison. Molina is granted parole in the hopes Arregui will reveal information about his contacts when he knows Molina will be out of prison. Arregui provides Molina with a telephone number and message for his comrades. Molina at first refuses to take the number, fearing the consequences of treason, but he relents, and he and Arregui bid farewell with a kiss. In the final scenes Molina calls the telephone number, and a meeting is arranged with the revolutionary group. But the secret police have had Molina under surveillance, and a gun battle ensues, with the revolutionaries, assuming Molina has betrayed them, shooting him. As he wanders the streets wounded, the policemen catch up with him and demand that he disclose the telephone number in exchange for them taking him to the hospital for treatment, but Molina refuses and succumbs to his wounds. On the orders of the homophobic police chief , the policemen dump Molina's body in a rubbish pit and fabricate a story about his death and involvement with the revolutionary group. Meanwhile, back in the prison Arregui is being treated after being tortured once again. As the doctor administers him morphine to help him sleep, risking his job in the process, Arregui escapes into a dream where he is on a tropical island with the woman he loves. Although not made explicit, it is implied that he dies from his wounds."] ['The film takes place in 1825 India. The country is being ravaged by Thuggees, a Kali-worshiping cult also known as "Deceivers," who commit robbery and ritualistic murder. Appalled by their activities, English Captain William Savage undertakes a dangerous mission in which he disguises himself, and infiltrates the Thugee cult. At constant risk of betrayal and vengeance, Captain Savage undergoes a disturbing psychological transformation, experiencing the cult\'s insatiable bloodlust for himself. The film was shot in various locations around the arid steppe region in northwestern India.'] ["When three whalers become stranded in Northern Canada’s Arctic in 1896, they are rescued by Eskimos. In the beginning, the Eskimos accept the strangers' European ways, but as this increasingly influences and affects their customs, things slowly fall apart and cultural tension grows until the climax."] ['{{plot}} The film takes place in Nevada in 1885Detailed synopsis and begins with Art Croft  and Gil Carter  riding into the town of Bridger\'s Wells. They go into Darby\'s Saloon and find that the atmosphere is subdued, in part because of the recent incidents of cattle-rustling  in the vicinity. Everyone wants to catch the thieves. Gil learns that his former girlfriend left town at the start of the spring and he now drinks heavily to drown his sorrows. Art and Gil are possible rustler suspects simply because they are not often seen in town. The townspeople are wary of them, and a fight breaks out between Gil and a local rancher named Farnley . Immediately after the fight, another man races into town on horseback, goes into the saloon and announces that a rancher named Larry Kinkaid has been murdered. The townspeople immediately form a posse to pursue the murderers, whom they believe to be the cattle rustlers. The posse is told by the local judge that it must bring the presumed rustlers back alive for trial, and that its deputization by a deputy  is illegal, but little heed is taken of this. Art and Gil join the posse as well, as much to avoid being its target as to participate. Davies ([[Harry Davenport , a man vehemently opposed to forming the posse because of its capacity for "mob rule", also joins. Among the other people in the posse are "Major" Tetley ([[Frank Conroy  and his son, Gerald . The major informs the posse that three men with cattle bearing Kinkaid\'s brand have just entered Bridger\'s Pass, and therefore shouldn\'t be too difficult to catch. On their journey, members of the posse encounter a stagecoach. They try to stop it, but the stagecoach guard assumes that it is a stickup, and shoots, accidentally wounding Art in the left shoulder. In the coach are Rose Mapen  – Gil\'s old girlfriend – and her new, obviously rich husband, Swanson . Later in the night, in the Ox-Bow canyon, the posse finds three men sleeping on the ground, with what are presumed to be stolen cattle nearby. The posse interrogates the men: a young, well-spoken man, Donald Martin ; a Mexican named Juan Martínez  who claims to be unable to understand English; and a delusional old man named Alva Hardwicke, portrayed by veteran Hollywood character actor/silent film director Francis Ford . Martin claims that he purchased the cattle from Kinkaid, but that he received no bill of sale because the sale took place out on the range. No one believes Martin, and it is therefore decided that the three men are to be hanged at sunrise. Martin, as his last wish, writes a private letter to his wife and asks Davies, the only member of the posse that he trusts, to deliver it. Davies reads the letter, and, hoping to save Martin\'s life, gives it to the others to read. Because of the letter\'s eloquence, Davies believes that Martin is innocent and does not deserve to die. However, Martin finds out that his letter has been read, and becomes angry at the betrayal of his privacy. During the argument, the Mexican, who is actually a gambler named Francisco Morez, tries to escape and is shot. The posse discovers that Juan is able to speak "American" and ten other languages and that he has Kinkaid\'s gun. Major Tetley wants the men to be lynched immediately because he does not want any of the rustlers to escape through the courts. A vote is taken on whether the men should be hanged or taken back to face trial. Only seven of the group , among them Davies, Gerald Tetley, Gil and Art, vote to take the men back to town alive; the rest support immediate hanging. Gil tries to stop it, but is overpowered. The group must choose three people to hit the horses out from under the condemned men. Farnley and Jenny Grier , the only woman in the posse, volunteer, and Gerald Tetley is ordered by his father to be the third. While the others hit the horses of the old man and Morez, Gerald Tetley does not, and the horse therefore simply walks out from under Martin. Farnley shoots Martin to kill him. After the lynching, the posse heads back towards Bridger\'s Wells, leaving Sparks , a self-taught preacher, singing a hymn below the dangling bodies. On the way, they meet Sheriff Risley . They tell him with pride of their actions, but the sheriff replies that Lawrence Kinkaid was not killed, is under the care of the doctor in Pike\'s Corner, and that the men who shot him have already been arrested. Risley strips the deputy of his badge and asks Davies, who he knows would not have supported a lynching, to tell him who was involved. "All but seven," Davies replies. "God better have mercy on you," the sheriff tells the posse. "You won\'t get any from me." The men of the posse gather back in Darby\'s Saloon and drink in silence. Major Tetley returns to his house and locks the door so his son cannot come in. His son yells at him through the door, telling him the he knew from the beginning those men were innocent. Major Tetley walks into another room and shoots himself. In the saloon, Gil reads Martin\'s letter out loud to Art while the other members of the posse are listening. In the closing scene, mirroring the initial scene, Gil and Art ride out of town to deliver the letter to Martin\'s wife and family.'] ['Karen McCann  is happily married to Mack  and has two daughters, 17-year-old Julie   and six-year-old Megan . She lives in a nice house in Santa Monica, California and has a good job in a museum. However, her world is shattered when Julie is violently raped and murdered. Detective Sergeant Joe Denillo  assures Karen there is enough DNA evidence to help catch the killer. He also encourages her and her husband to seek counseling. At a support group they meet people in similar circumstances, including Albert and Regina Gratz , and Sidney Hughes . During the meeting, Karen overhears Albert talking to Sidney about something which alarms Regina. The next day Denillo tells Karen DNA tests have revealed the killer as Robert Doob , a delivery man with a criminal record. At the trial it is clear Doob is guilty, but because the defense was promised, but did not receive, a sample of the DNA to perform their own tests, the judge  dismisses the case. Karen and Mack are dumbstruck as Doob walks free. Mack is desperate to return to a normal life, but Karen cannot stop thinking of Doob. She finds that he lives in a flophouse, then keeps detailed records of his movements, stalking him. After observing Doob while he is urinating on a customer\'s lawn after a delivery she goes to Denillo — but he tells her there\'s no evidence of intent. Karen attempts to warn the delivery customer, but the woman only speaks Spanish and does not understand her. Karen later learns that the murderer of the son of a member of her support group has been killed in a drive-by shooting, just days after being released from prison. Angel , also in the self-help group, tells Karen the best way to get over her grief is to focus on the good times with her living daughter — and Karen realizes she has been so fixated on Doob that Megan has been deprived of her attention. Meanwhile, Doob has gone to Megan\'s school and struck up a conversation with the girl during recess. When Karen comes to pick up Megan, Doob deliberately intimidates her. Worried for Megan’s safety, Karen remembers what happened to the killer of her friend\'s son and approaches Sidney, who admits the drive-by shooting was set up by him and Martin. Karen demands their help and they agree to find a weapon, train her, and plan the murder, but tell her she has to carry it out. Karen agrees and they begin plotting. She also joins a self-defense class which helps her gain more confidence, helps rekindle her sex life with Mack, and improves her relationship with Megan. Karen feels encouraged and, although Martin doubts Karen is capable of murder, Sidney gives her a gun. The next day, Angel reveals that she is really an undercover FBI Agent investigating vigilante activity. Angel warns Karen not to kill Doob, as Karen would spend the rest of her life in prison. Karen calls Sidney to tell him she cannot go through with it. However, she soon changes her mind when she learns the Hispanic customer she tried to warn about Doob has been raped and murdered, in the same way Julie had been. Hearing Doob has again gotten off on a technicality bolsters her resolve. Karen sets a trap to lure Doob into her home, so that she can say killing him was self-defense. It works. After she shoots Doob dead and calls the police. Denillo arrives and tells Karen that he knows the truth and that she hasn\'t fooled him, to which she replies "prove it". He decides to tell his colleague that it was a "clear case of self-defense". When her husband arrives, he sits beside her, holding her hand, knowing what she has done.'] ["Set in London in 1938, the film focuses on highly successful and extremely popular theatre actress Julia Lambert, whose gradual disillusionment with her career as she approaches middle age has prompted her to ask her husband, stage director Michael Gosselyn, and his financial backer, Dolly de Vries, to close her current production to allow her time to travel abroad. They convince her to remain with the play throughout the summer, and Michael introduces her to Tom Fennel, an enterprising American who confesses his deep appreciation of her work. Seeking the passion missing from her marriage, and anxious to fill the void left when her close friend Lord Charles suggested they part ways to avoid scandalous gossip, Julia embarks on a passionate affair with the young man and begins to support him so he may enjoy the glamorous lifestyle to which she has introduced him. Their relationship revives her, sparking a distinct change in her personality. Always hovering in the background and offering counsel is the spirit of her mentor, Jimmie Langton, the theatrical manager who gave Julia her start and made her a star, while flesh-and-blood Evie serves as her personal maid, dresser, and confidante. Michael suggests they invite Tom to spend time at their country estate, where he can become better acquainted with their son Roger. At a party there Tom meets aspiring actress Avice Crichton, and when Julia sees him flirting with the pretty young woman she becomes jealous and anxious and angrily confronts him. He slowly reveals himself to be a callous, social-climbing, gold-digging gigolo, and Julia is shattered when their affair comes to an end. Avice, now romantically involved with Tom, asks him to bring Julia to see her perform in a play in the hope the actress will convince her husband to cast her in a supporting role in Julia's upcoming new project. The play is dreadful and Avice is not much better. Backstage, Julia compliments her even worse co-star and barely acknowledges Avice, although she promises to tell Michael about her. Afterwards, she forces Tom to admit he loves Avice, then - although her heart is broken by his admission - she assures him she will insist the ingenue be cast in her next play. When Julia's performance in her current play begins to suffer due to her personal discontent, Michael closes the production and Julia visits her mother and Aunt Carrie in Jersey, where Lord Charles comes to visit her. Julia suggests a romantic tryst, and he gently tells her that he's gay. Meanwhile, back in London, Avice auditions for Michael and, although Julia resents her, she is given the role. Julia returns home to begin rehearsals for the new play. Shortly after, she learns from her son that Avice has been one of Michael's casual trysts. Still, she is uncharacteristically solicitous toward the girl, making suggestions that place her in the spotlight and insisting her own wardrobe be drab to allow Avice to shine. What her director and fellow cast members don't realize is there's a method to her seeming madness - Julia has planned her sweet revenge for the opening night performance, during which she successfully affirms her position as London theatre's foremost diva."] ['During the late 18th century, the Bennet family, consisting of Mr. and Mrs. Bennet and their five daughters—Jane, Elizabeth, Mary, Kitty and Lydia—live in comparative financial independence as gentry on a working farm in rural England. As Longbourn is destined to be inherited by Mr. Bennet\'s cousin, Mr. Collins, Mrs. Bennet is anxious to marry off her five daughters before Mr. Bennet dies. Wealthy bachelor Charles Bingley has recently moved into Netherfield, a large, nearby estate. He is introduced to local society at an assembly ball, along with his haughty sister Caroline and reserved friend, Mr. Darcy, who "owns half of Derbyshire." Bingley is enchanted with the gentle and beautiful Jane, while Elizabeth takes an instant dislike to Darcy after he coldly rebuffs her attempts at conversation and she overhears him insult her. When Jane becomes sick on a visit to Netherfield, Elizabeth goes to stay with her, verbally sparring with Caroline and Darcy. Later the Bennets are visited by Mr. Collins, a pompous clergyman who talks of nothing but his patroness, Lady Catherine de Bourgh. Collins soon decides to pursue Elizabeth. Meanwhile, the handsome and charming Lieutenant Wickham of the newly-arrived militia captures the girls\' attention; he wins Elizabeth\'s sympathy by telling her that Darcy had cheated him of his inheritance. At a ball at Netherfield, Elizabeth, startled by Darcy\'s abrupt appearance and request, accepts a dance with him, but vows to her best friend Charlotte Lucas that she has "sworn to loathe him for all eternity." During the dance, she attacks him with witty sarcasm and Darcy responds in kind. At the same ball, Charlotte expresses concern to Elizabeth that Jane\'s behaviour to Mr. Bingley is too reserved and that Bingley may not realise she loves him. The next day, at Longbourn, Collins proposes to Elizabeth, but she declines. When Bingley unexpectedly returns to London, Elizabeth dispatches a heartbroken Jane to the city to stay with their aunt and uncle, the Gardiners, in hopes of re-establishing contact between Jane and Bingley. Later, Elizabeth is appalled to learn that Charlotte will marry Collins to gain financial security and avoid remaining a spinster. Months later, Elizabeth visits the newly-wed Mr. and Mrs. Collins at Rosings, Lady Catherine\'s manor estate; they are invited to dine there, and meet Darcy and Colonel Fitzwilliam, whom it transpires are Lady Catherine\'s nephews. Here Darcy shows greater interest in Elizabeth, especially when she replies to Lady Catherine\'s jabs with spirited wit. The next day, Colonel Fitzwilliam lets slip to Elizabeth that Darcy had separated Bingley from Jane. Distraught, she flees outside, but Darcy chooses that moment to track her down and propose marriage. He claims that he loves her "most ardently," despite her "lower rank." Elizabeth refuses him, citing his treatment of Jane and Bingley and of Wickham; they argue fiercely, with Darcy explaining that he had been convinced that Jane did not return Bingley\'s love. Darcy leaves angry and heartbroken. He finds Elizabeth later and presents her with a letter, which alleges Wickham is a gambler who demanded and received cash in lieu of the position intended for him by Darcy\'s father. It is further claimed that upon being refused more money, Wickham had attempted to elope with Darcy\'s 15-year-old sister, Georgiana, in order to obtain her £30,000 inheritance, but abandoned her upon learning that he would never receive the money. The Gardiners take Elizabeth on a trip to the Peak District and visit Darcy\'s estate, Pemberley, believing that he is away travelling. Elizabeth is stunned by its wealth and beauty and hears nothing but good things about Darcy from his housekeeper. There, she accidentally runs into Darcy, who has arrived home early. He invites her and the Gardiners to meet his sister. His manners have softened considerably and Georgiana takes an instant liking to Elizabeth. When Elizabeth learns that her immature and flirtatious youngest sister Lydia has run away with Wickham, she tearfully blurts out the news to Darcy and the Gardiners before returning home. Her family expects social ruin for having a disgraced daughter, but they are soon relieved to hear that Mr. Gardiner had discovered the pair in London and that they had married. Lydia later reveals to Elizabeth that Darcy had found them and had paid for the marriage. When Bingley and Darcy return to Netherfield, Jane accepts Bingley\'s proposal. The same evening, Lady Catherine unexpectedly visits Elizabeth and insists that she renounce Darcy, as he is supposedly engaged to her own daughter, Anne. Elizabeth refuses and unable to sleep, walks on the moor at dawn. There, she meets Darcy, also unable to sleep after hearing of his aunt\'s behaviour. He admits his continued love and Elizabeth accepts his proposal. Mr. Bennet gives his consent after Elizabeth assures him of her love for Darcy. In the U.S. release of the film, an additional last scene shows the newlyweds outside of Pemberley showing affection for each other.'] ['A New England assistant librarian at a school, Prudence Bell  has recommended a book to one of her students that has drawn the ire of the school board and she resigns one step ahead of being fired. She defends the book "Lovers Must Learn" and tells the prudish board that she\'s going to Rome where she will be surrounded by people who really know the meaning of love. She sails from New York to Italy and at the rail she accidentally picks the wrong man she was standing near as a protective consort. This all gets resolved via telegrams and gives us two potential romantic interests before even leaving. Albert Stillwell, a student of Etruscan history is a perfect gentlemen and scout, while Roberto Orlandi  is the perfect Roman lover, mature, romantic, poetic, and always interested. Once in Rome, Prudence checks into her boarding home and meets a self-centered American architect, Don Porter  who is running away from/to the love of his life, Lyda Kent , a controlling, manipulative bombshell of a woman tied up in her own love storms. Prudence needs a job and gets a tip during dinner that first night in Rome, an English speaking job at The American Book Shop near one of Rome\'s famous fountains. Bright and early the next morning she lands a perfect job with the bookstore owner, Constance Ford and her large, loud, fuzzy sheep dog. Their first meeting and friendly banter is a terrific lead into their characters and their budding friendship. The plot thickens as Prudence takes an Italian language course on her record player which sets off a yelling match between her and Don, who isn\'t a bit interested in her, yet. Don is a close confidant of Roberto and has several discussions about his relationship with Lyda and its impending implosion. [Lyda was a sophisticated artist, staying in Italy with financial support from her wealthy father. Lyda had gotten on the train to Switzerland on the same day that Prudence arrived in Italy. Don entered the train to confront Lyda, and she explained that she was "Frigid Bridget", which is a nickname that Don called her on their second date, and she said it probably wouldn\'t change, but never say never, she may come back to Italy or to him. The real reason she broke up with him is that she was bored with him, had been using him, and did not need him anymore/at the moment at least.] While in Switzerland, Lyda met a wealthy older man, Barkley, who had been in some trouble with the law, had been investigated by the U.S. Congress, and was in exile in Switzerland. Mr. Barkely asked Lyda to accompany him on his yacht, and "paint his portrait". There was some hanky-panky, Lyda lost interest, and returned to Italy but was followed by a man on Barkley\'s payroll, who was spying on her. During this period, with Lyda absent, Prudence becomes a rebound candidate and handles Don\'s interest with aplomb. The two run into each other at an outdoor cafe, on the same day that Prudence had accepted her position at the American Bookshop. Prudence is in a very good mood, and cheers Don up, who had been a bit down after Lyda\'s departure. With her fresh perspective on the beauty of the Roman square, he enjoys her company, feels renewed with hope, and he suggests that they spend the rest of the afternoon sightseeing before she starts her new job. So, they take a trip around Rome in horse drawn carriages, his red Vespa scooter, in a great travelogue and romantic journey. While at lunch late in the afternoon looking over the entire City of Rome, Don buys a candelabra from a peddler that serves as a symbol of Don\'s integrity because the candelabra looked to be pure gold. They had been just friendly neighbors getting to know each other and enjoying each other\'s company while they were sightseeing. At dinner, Emilio Pericoli sings the wonderful song "Al Di Là", his Italian version that rose to number 6 following the movie\'s release in \'62. They find themselves holding hands and sitting close together during the performance, quite a change from earlier in the afternoon when they had just been on friendly terms. Then they meet a musician  that Don knows, and they are invited to a Jazz Joint for a late evening performance. A fight ensues when the musician sees his Italian girlfriend making out with another guy, in the audience. Don and Prudence leave and ride in the horse-drawn carriage and they kiss in the darkness. They don\'t arrive home until 3 AM. The chaperone of the young girl staying in the boarding home, noticed a man come in at 3 AM, and immediately suspects Don when he comes to breakfast, which prompted a coy smile from Prudence. Summer holidays, August escapes arrive, the book store closes, and Don and Prudence sneak out of town on a tour and pretend to be "Mr. and Mrs." to stay in a room together. To Prudence\'s dismay, there are no other rooms available. Because she is a nice girl, she insists that Don sleep on a balcony. Don honors her request, but neither of them get any sleep that night. The next few days are uneventful. They continue on their bus tour. Don explains to her that the cathedrals have a lot of paintings and sculptures to educate the people about Christ, since the people could not read the Bible. Then, Prudence really feels comfortable with Don, now that she understands Don\'s true passion to study architecture and become an architect. The bus tour ends and they continue on by themselves to Lago Maggiore in northern Italy for a wonderful, innocent and beautiful tour of the garden spots of northern Italy, the Italian alps with "Al Di Là" playing over the lift speakers, Verona and its famous Romeo and Juliet balcony. . At the market place, the plot thickens. Prudence runs into Albert and his mother, and because his mother knows her mother, a fellow member of the State Historical Society, she is concerned that this woman will make a report to her mother back in the U.S. Prudence conceals the fact that she is no longer on the bus tour, but on a romantic trip with Don. Prudence lies to Albert and his mother. She said that she is getting cheese for an old man on the bus and that she has to get back. She makes a mad dash with her Romeo Don out of the market and eventually back to Rome. During this period, they stay in separate rooms at a chateau, but there is plenty of making out at picnics in the fields during the day. Prudence bought a wood carving of their chateau and gives it to Don for his birthday present, so that he will always remember their vacation together. A time well spent, relationships cemented rock solid and a good time had by all. Back in Rome, Lyda has got into more trouble and has an urgent need to see Don. She kisses Don in front of the window while the private eye on Barkley\'s payroll watches. Don knows he has to break off his relationship with her. Lyda and Prudence meet in Don\'s room back at the boarding house and Lyda invites Prudence and Albert to dinner at her studio. The visual daggers are shared as each shows the other whose territory Don Porter belongs in. Albert floats through several scenes and is always the clueless, nerdy student with just the right timing to defuse any situation, unbeknownst to him. Prudence has not heard from Don for 3 days. She decides to move on, and become a sophisticated woman during the rest of her time in Italy. She is determined that her first lover should be someone who she likes, if it cannot be with Don. She decides to have a sexual relationship with Roberto Orlandi, the Italian man who had pursued her at the beginning of her stay in Italy. She packs an overnight bag, ready to "practice" love with him. While waiting for Prudence to change into a negligee, Roberto calls the owner of the boarding house that Don and Prudence were residing and receives news. When Prudence comes downstairs to be a student of Roberto\'s seduction "lessons", Roberto plays along, then stops the action before anything serious happens. Robert confesses that during the previous 3 days, Don had stayed with him in his home, to think things through. Don had decided that he loved Prudence, but then he received an urgent telegram to rescue Lyda. Because of his integrity, he felt that he must be loyal to his former girlfriend, Lyda. Don is summoned to a fancy hotel where Lyda plays cat and mouse with the fact that she has married a possessive rich older man, Bentley, and needs Don to free her from her palatial prison. Don finally comes to his senses and realizes that Lyda is just using him every time she gets into a mess, to have Don bail her out, and that she does not love him or even care about him. Don heads back to Rome. Meanwhile, Prudence is convinced that Don wants to be with Lyda and makes her plans to leave Rome and return to the States. The process turns into a chaotic good-bye scene in the train station between Prudence and all the friends she has made while in Rome. On the train, Albert asks Prudence to marry him and confesses that he had fallen in love with her since the first day they met, but she evades him while the other passengers board the train. She sails back to New York City, and while waiting at the ship\'s rail, sees her parents, waves and begins to disembark. While stepping down, she sees a candelabra and roses weaving their way through the crowd and behind her family. Her heart leaps as she passes the family and slides into the arms of Don Porter her prize from her Rome Adventure.'] ['In this adaptation of Robert Cormier\'s novel, 14-year-old Adam Farmer  seeks to unearth the many secrets locked in his subconscious. Adam\'s journey through his mind is paralleled with a bike trip to Rutterburg, Vermont, with a package for his father. As he travels through several small towns, he starts to remember past events from his life. Adam\'s trip is prompted by a call from his girlfriend, Amy , who says her father met a reporter from Adam\'s alleged hometown of Rawlings, Pennsylvania, and the reporter had never heard of anyone named Farmer living there. Suspicious, Adam begins spying on his parents and finds two birth certificates with his name on them, but with different birthdates - Feb. 14  and July 14 . Adam confronts his father, who admits some shocking truths. Adam\'s real name is Paul Delmonte and the family was forced to relocate in a Witness Protection-type program after his father testified in state and federal trials against corrupt government officials. In reality, Adam is not biking to Vermont; he is riding in circles around the psychiatric facility where he has been held for the past three years, and the people he meets along the way are patients and workers at the facility. His "journey" is a quest to discover the whereabouts of his parents, who mysteriously disappeared . The memories Adam recounts are documented in "psychiatric sessions," which are, in fact, interviews to determine whether or not he knows more about his father\'s involvement with the government than he\'s telling. Adam\'s final interview ends with two possible outcomes, neither of which bode well for the boy: "Terminating" him or continuing to questioning him until he dies.'] ["Jessie Cantrell's dying wish is that her daughter, Casey, personally take a letter to Lord Richard Bredon who lives in the UK. Though confused by this turn of events, Casey nonetheless sets off from her home in America to fulfill this last request. After a failed attempt to find him at his country residence, she falls in with Lord Bredon's son, Michael. At first the younger Bredon is suspicious of Casey's motives but soon the two of them find themselves in the midst of a deep and powerful connection that they both realize is love at first sight. Eventually Casey is able to successfully find Lord Bredon in London. While visibly shaken by the news of Jessie's death, he denies ever having known her and refuses to accept the letter. Instead of deterring her, Richard's refusal only serves to make her more determined to uncover the truth. With the help of Michael and his best friend, she begins to ferret out the information, discovering a nest of lies at the heart of which is Michael's mother, Emily. Emily's determination to be the mistress of Bredon Hall and Richard's wife led her to manipulate events in her favor and separate Richard and Jessie, a couple who had fallen in love during the horrors of World War Two. After being given the information, Richard confronts Emily, but she isn't going down without a fight. She has one last trump card to play. A secret that has the potential to shatter the new found love between Michael and Casey forever."] ["In London, a young woman named Vivian Vedder  verifies that a carpenter has completed a coffin for her recently deceased mother's body, which she is transporting to Scotland by train. She boards the train that evening, as do Lady Margaret Carstairs , who owns and is transporting the famous Star of Rhodesia diamond; Lady Margaret's son Roland ; Holmes, whom Roland has hired to protect the diamond; Inspector Lestrade , who is also worried about the diamond's safety; and Watson and his friend Major Duncan-Bleek . Holmes briefly examines the diamond. Shortly afterward, Roland is murdered and the diamond is stolen. Lestrade, Holmes, and Watson learn nothing conclusive in questioning the other passengers, and Holmes is pushed out of the train, nearly to his death, but he climbs back inside and discovers a secret compartment in the coffin carrying Miss Vedder's mother. He suspects that one of the people on the train is the notorious jewel thief Colonel Sebastian Moran. Upon further questioning, Miss Vedder admits that a man paid her to transport the coffin. As Watson and Duncan-Bleek join the group, Holmes reveals that he swapped the diamond with an imitation while examining it. Lestrade takes possession of the real diamond. In the luggage compartment, Holmes and Watson find a train guard murdered with a poisoned dart. Meanwhile, a street criminal named Sands  incapacitates the conductor. Sands was hidden inside the coffin, and is in cahoots with Duncan-Bleek, who is in fact Colonel Moran. Sands and Moran go to Lestrade's room, where Sands knocks him unconscious and steals the diamond from him, but Moran double-crosses Sands, shooting him dead with the same dart gun he used to kill Roland and the guard. The train makes an unexpected stop to pick up several Scottish policemen led by Inspector McDonald . Holmes informs McDonald that Duncan-Bleek is really Moran, and McDonald arrests Moran and finds the diamond in his vest, but Moran seizes a policeman's gun and pulls the emergency cord to stop the train. During a scuffle in which the lights are turned off, Holmes subdues and handcuffs Moran, then secretly hides him under a table. When the lights are turned on again, the officers leave the train with Lestrade, his coat covering his face, believing he is Moran. As the train departs, Lestrade captures the thieves in the train station, and Holmes reveals to Watson and Moran that he recognized McDonald as an impostor and recovered the diamond from him during the fight."] ["The second chapter in what is known as Simon's Eugene trilogy , the story centers on Eugene Morris Jerome, a 20-year-old Jewish Brooklynite who is drafted into the United States Army during the last year of World War II and is sent to Biloxi, Mississippi for basic training. While there he learns to cope with fellow soldiers from all walks of life, falls in love, and loses his virginity in less than ideal circumstances, all while having to cope with an eccentric drill instructor."] ['The film opens with the Russian-born novelist -- who eventually became a member of Freud\'s \'Vienna Circle\'-- Lou Andreas-Salome  who had an unconsummated  \'love affair\' with German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche , and to whom he allegedly proposed in 1882  writing a letter to Dr Josef Breuer , after hearing of his newly developed talking cure (Breuer was a friend of Sigmund Freud . The two meet, and a reluctant and troubled Breuer agrees to Salome\'s plan; to cure the intense migraine attacks that plague Nietzsche, and at the same time, without his knowing, cure the despair that her refusal of marriage has inflicted upon him. Salome has persuaded Dr Overbeck  to send him to Breuer, however, Nietzsche offers no support to Breuer, so the course of treatment must end. In a chilling parallel, an encounter with a mistreated horse causes Nietzsche to redeem his appointment with Breuer . Nietzsche later visits a whorehouse, where he has another attack of migraine, exacerbated by the overuse of a sleeping draught. Nietzsche decides that he will, instead of pursuing treatment, leave for Basel. Meanwhile, an up and coming psychologist Sigmund Freud, friend of Josef and Mathilde Breuer, suggests that if Breuer was to make some confession to Nietzsche, he may stop seeing any positive sentiment shown as being a bid for power, and indulge in confessions of his own. So, the next time they met, Breuer makes the suggestion that, while he treats Nietzsche\'s body, Nietzsche must "treat" Breuer of the despair that he feels after falling in love with one of his patients, Bertha Pappenheim , otherwise known as Anna O., a famous case which was discussed in a joint book by Breuer and Freud, later on. The confessions lead to the two becoming open with each other, learning each other\'s way of life and finally the two becoming friends, but not before the film has explored a great deal of Nietzsche\'s philosophy and Breuer\'s psychoanalysis. Breuer\'s anguish over his supposed unhappiness is explored by means of his highly symbol-laden dreams, thus showing the importance of interpretation as a stepping stone in what would constitute Freud\'s approach to psychoanalytic techniques. The film is host to a variety of famous faces of the day; Josef and Mathilde Breuer, Friedrich Nietzsche, Lou Salome, Sigmund Freud, Bertha Pappenheim, Paul Rée as well as references to Franz Overbeck, and the music of the composer, Richard Wagner.'] ['In apartheid era South Africa, Shack Twala , a black revolutionary who had served time on Robben Island, is freed by Rina van Niekerk, his Afrikaner defence attorney, because he would be a victim of retroactive legislation. Rina, estranged from her husband Blane, is having a relationship with an English mining engineer, Jim Keogh , who has attended Shack\'s trial. Surprised by the verdict, Rina, Jim and Shack go off to celebrate at her house. They are stopped by the South African Police who are conducting identity document checks and arresting everyone who does not have their papers on them. As Shack has only just been released from prison he will not receive his papers until the next day. The police Constable and Shack antagonise each other leading to Shack being handcuffed and arrested. When Rina attempts to pull the Constable off Shack, the policeman hits her, knocking her to the ground. Jim assaults and knocks out the Constable making all three fugitives. At Police Headquarters, an SAP Brigadier is criticised by Major Horn of the South African Bureau of State Security  for not only arresting Shack but continuing with their random identity checks and arrests that have infuriated world opinion. The three fugitives are followed and monitored by BOSS to lead them to discover their escape route to Botswana and its facilitators, two Indian dentists; a stash of stolen uncut diamonds being used to fund the "Black Congress"  and the leader of the "Black Congress", a man named Wilby.'] ['In 1963 Oregon, Randle Patrick "Mac" McMurphy , a recidivist anti-authoritarian criminal serving a short sentence on a prison farm for statutory rape of a 15-year-old girl, is transferred to a mental institution for evaluation. Although he does not show any overt signs of mental illness, he hopes to avoid hard labor and serve the rest of his sentence in a more relaxed hospital environment. McMurphy\'s ward is run by steely, unyielding Nurse Mildred Ratched , who employs subtle humiliation, unpleasant medical treatments and a mind-numbing daily routine to suppress the patients. McMurphy finds that they are more fearful of Ratched than they are focused on becoming functional in the outside world. McMurphy establishes himself immediately as the leader; his fellow patients include Billy Bibbit , a nervous, stuttering young man; Charlie Cheswick , a man disposed to childish fits of temper; Martini , who is delusional; Dale Harding , a high-strung, well-educated paranoid; Max Taber , who is belligerent and profane; Jim Sefelt ; and "Chief" Bromden , a silent American Indian believed to be deaf and mute. McMurphy\'s and Ratched\'s battle of wills escalates rapidly. When McMurphy\'s card games win away everyone\'s cigarettes, Ratched confiscates the cigarettes and rations them out. McMurphy calls for votes on ward policy changes to challenge her. He makes a show of betting the other patients he can escape by lifting an old hydrotherapy console—a massive marble plumbing fixture—off the floor and sending it through the window; when he fails to do so, he turns to them and says, "But I tried goddammit. At least I did that." McMurphy steals a hospital bus, herds his colleagues aboard, stops to pick up Candy , a party girl, and takes the group deep sea fishing on a commandeered boat. He tells them: "You\'re not nuts, you\'re fishermen!" and they begin to feel faint stirrings of self-determination. Soon after, however, McMurphy learns that Ratched and the doctors have the power to keep him committed indefinitely. Sensing a rising tide of insurrection among the group, Ratched tightens her grip on everyone. During one of her group humiliation sessions, Cheswick\'s agitation boils over and he, McMurphy and the Chief wind up brawling with the orderlies. They are sent up to the "shock shop" for electroconvulsive therapy. While McMurphy and the Chief wait their turn, McMurphy offers Chief a piece of gum, and Chief murmurs "Thank you." McMurphy is delighted to find that Bromden is neither deaf nor mute, and that he stays silent to deflect attention. After the electroshock therapy, McMurphy shuffles back onto the ward feigning illness, before humorously animating his face and loudly greeting his fellow patients, assuring everyone that the ECT only charged him up all the more and that the next woman to take him on will "light up like a pinball machine and pay off in silver dollars." But the struggle with Ratched is taking its toll, and with his release date no longer a certainty, McMurphy plans an escape. He phones Candy to bring her friend Rose  and some booze to the hospital late one night. They enter through a window after McMurphy bribes the night orderly, Mr. Turkle . McMurphy and Candy invite the patients into the day room for a Christmas party; the group breaks into the drug locker, puts on music, and enjoys a bacchanalian rampage. At the end of the night, McMurphy and Bromden prepare to climb out the window with the girls. McMurphy says goodbye to everyone, and invites an emotional Billy to escape with them; he declines, saying he is not yet ready to leave the hospital—though he would like to date Candy in the future. McMurphy insists Billy have sex with Candy right then and there. Billy and Candy agree and they retire to a private room. The effects of the alcohol and pilfered medication take their toll on everyone, including McMurphy and the Chief, whose eyes slowly close in fatigue. Nurse Ratched arrives the next morning and discovers the scene: the ward completely upended and patients passed out all over the floor. She orders the attendants to lock the window, clean up, and conduct a head count. When they find Billy and Candy, the other patients applaud and, buoyed, Billy speaks for the first time without a stutter. Nurse Ratched then announces that she will tell Billy\'s mother what he has done. Billy panics, his stutter returns, and he starts punching himself in the face; locked in the doctor\'s office, he kills himself. McMurphy, enraged at Nurse Ratched, chokes her nearly to death until orderly Washington knocks him out. Some time later, the patients in the ward play cards and gamble for cigarettes as before, only now with Harding dealing and delivering a pale imitation of McMurphy\'s patter. Nurse Ratched, still recovering from the neck injury sustained during McMurphy\'s attack, wears a neck brace and speaks in a thin, reedy voice. The patients pass a whispered rumor that McMurphy dramatically escaped the hospital rather than being taken "upstairs." Late that night, Chief Bromden sees McMurphy being escorted back to his bed, and initially believes that he has returned so they can escape together, which he is now ready to do since McMurphy has made him feel "as big as a mountain." However, when he looks closely at McMurphy\'s unresponsive face, he is horrified to see lobotomy scars on his forehead. Unwilling to allow McMurphy to live in such a state—or be seen this way by the other patients—the Chief smothers McMurphy to death with his pillow. He then carries out McMurphy\'s escape plan by lifting the hydrotherapy console off the floor and hurling the massive fixture through a grated window, climbing through and running off into the distance, with Taber waking up just in time to see the Chief escape and cheering as the others awake.'] ["The film tells a tale of six central characters, their failures, obsessions and darkest desires. Set in an army post, it tells the story of Maj. Weldon Penderton  and his wife Leonora . Other central characters are Lt. Col. Morris Langdon  and his sick wife Alison , the Langdons' houseboy Anacleto  and a mysterious soldier, Pvt. Williams . The story begins at an Army base in the 1940s. Maj. Penderton assigns Pvt. Williams to a private house call instead of his usual duty, which is maintaining the stables. Meanwhile we are introduced to Maj. Penderton's wife, Leonora, who is about to go horseback riding with Lt. Col. Langdon. From the first scene with Leonora the viewer is aware of her extramarital affair with Langdon, as well as her strong bond with her horse, Firebird. Also a point made in the film is Williams's strong bond with all the horses in the stable. On one of their rides, Langdon and Leonora witness Pvt. Williams riding nude. Leonora and Penderton have an argument that same night which Williams witnesses through a window of their home, which develops into Williams spying on them from outside at first, then breaking into the house and watching Leonora sleep at night. As the nights continue Williams starts to sift through her feminine things, and caresses her lingerie. Penderton takes Leonora's horse and rides wildly into the woods, but he falls off and is dragged a distance by the horse. He then beats the horse. Pvt. Williams while riding naked comes to the horse and brings him back to the stable to tend the horse's wounds. Penderton becomes infatuated with Williams and starts to follow him around the camp. Upon finding out about her horse, Leonora interrupts her own party and repeatedly strikes her husband in the face with her riding crop. Alison Langdon, the wife of Lt. Col. Langdon, is recovering from having sliced off her nipples with a pair of pruning shears, the apparent result of depression following the death of her newborn child. Alison's only bond is with her effeminate Filipino houseboy. Alison, being very aware of her husband's adulterous behavior, decides to divorce him, but is then forced into an asylum by her husband as she tries to leave him. Langdon falsely tells Leonora and Penderton that Alison was going insane. Soon, Penderton is informed that Alison died of a heart attack, but in truth she committed suicide. One night Penderton looks out of his window to find Williams outside his house. He thinks that Williams has picked up his subtle signals and is coming to see him, but instead watches Williams enter his wife's room. He then enters his wife's room and shoots Williams."] ['In mid-1960s Tulsa, Oklahoma, the Greasers are a gang of tough, low-income teens. They include Ponyboy Curtis  and his two older brothers, Soda  and Darry , as well as Johnny Cade , Dally Winston , Two-Bit Matthews , and Steve Randle . Their rivalry is with the Socs , a gang of wealthier kids. Five of the Socs jump Ponyboy and cut his neck with a switchblade; Johnny had been similarly attacked the month before. Two Socs, Bob Sheldon  and Randy Adderson , confront Johnny, Ponyboy, and Two-Bit, who are talking to the Socs\' girlfriends, Cherry  and Marcia , at the drive-in. The girls defuse the situation by going home with the Socs. Later that night, Ponyboy and Johnny are attacked in a park by Bob, Randy, and two other Socs. They begin dunking Ponyboy in a fountain, but Johnny pulls out his switchblade and stabs Bob, killing him. On the advice of Dallas, Ponyboy and Johnny leave town, and hide out in an abandoned church in Windrixville. Ponyboy dyes his hair blonde with peroxide in case anybody spots him. He reads Gone with the Wind and quotes the Robert Frost poem "Nothing Gold Can Stay". Dally arrives with news that Cherry has offered to support the boys in court. They go out for food, then return to find the church on fire with children trapped inside. Johnny is hospitalized with severe burns and a broken back after he, Ponyboy, and Dally rescue the children. The boys are praised for their heroism, but Johnny is charged with manslaughter for killing Bob, while Ponyboy may be sent to a boys\' home. Bob\'s death has sparked calls from the Socs for "a rumble," which the Greasers win. Dally then drives Ponyboy to the hospital to visit Johnny. Johnny is unimpressed by the victory, and dies after telling Ponyboy to "stay gold," referring to the Frost poem. Unable to bear Johnny\'s death, Dally robs a grocery store at gunpoint and is killed by police. Ponyboy is eventually cleared of wrongdoing in Bob\'s death and allowed to stay with his brothers. Turning the pages of Johnny\'s copy of Gone with the Wind, Ponyboy finds a letter from Johnny saying that saving the children was worth sacrificing his own life. The story ends as it began, with Ponyboy writing a school report about his experiences.'] ['Sam Martin  runs a charter boat with his alcoholic first mate Harvey . He is forced by financial necessity to run guns for some revolutionaries.'] ["Diana , Nevs  and David  were playmates as children, members of the rich British aristocracy. Diana and Neville are in love, but his father  opposes the match, disapproving the Merrick family's lifestyle. Neville is thus sent to Egypt for business purposes and become wealthier. At the same time, David, also in love with Diana and good friends with her brother Jeffry , marries her, after Diana's wait in vain for two years for Neville's return. During their honeymoon to Paris and after the arrival of police inspectors, David commits suicide without an explanation. Diana does not explain the reasons behind her husband's action. Jeffry, who was deeply connected to David, blames his sister for his friend's disappearance: he falls deeper into alcohol as his sister starts a reckless life, seducing man after man. Years later, Neville returns to England to marry Constance . Jeffry is gravely ill and both Diana and Nevs come to his bedside. As they meet, they realize they are still in love and spend one night together. Jeffry passes away and Neville marries Constance. A few months go by: Diana falls ill  and is visited by Neville—Diana professes her love for him before realizing Constance is in the room. She reveals the reason for David's suicide: he was a thief, pursued by the Police. Diana, realizing that their love will ruin him, tells him that his wife is pregnant and sends him away. Diana drives herself into a tree, in front of which she and Neville had fallen in love and swore eternal fidelity."] ["Kreton  is an alien from outer space who is fascinated by human beings. Against the wishes of his teacher, he repeatedly visits Earth. During his latest visit, his teacher reluctantly agrees to allow him to stay and study the humans. He becomes friends with a suburban family and stays with them, after they agree to keep his alien status a secret. Along the way, he falls in love with their daughter , however, there is a force field around him that prevents any physical contact as his race has abolished any form of affection. After repeatedly breaking the one rule from his teacher, which is not to get involved in the humans' lives, he is stripped of all his powers so that he can realize that being human isn't always happy: it comes with other less desired emotions such as pain, sadness and jealousy. Once his cover is blown on Earth and he is reported to the police, he decides that those emotions are not worth the trouble and he returns to his own planet."] ["The young d'Artagnan arrives in Paris with dreams of becoming a king's musketeer. Quite unused to the city life, he makes a number of silly faux-pas. He comes into conflict with three musketeers, Athos, Porthos, and Aramis, each of whom challenges him to a duel for some insult or embarrassment. Later, D'Artagnan helps them to defend themselves from Cardinal Richelieu's guards headed by Jussac, who arrive during the duel. He is invited to join them in their efforts to oppose the Cardinal, who wishes to increase his already considerable power over the king. D'Artagnan also begins an affair with his landlord's wife, Constance Bonancieux, who is the Queen's dressmaker. Meanwhile the Duke of Buckingham, former lover of the Queen, turns up and asks for something in remembrance of her; she gives him her diamond necklace. The Cardinal learns of the incident and suggests to the none-too-bright King to throw a ball in his wife's honor, and request she wear the diamonds he gave her. The Cardinal also sends Milady de Winter to England to steal the necklace. She seduces the Duke and steals two of the necklace's diamonds. Meanwhile, the Queen has confided her troubles in Constance, who asks d'Artagnan to ride to England and get back the diamonds. D'Artagnan and the three musketeers set out, but encounter the Cardinal's men on the way. Only d'Artagnan and his man make it through to Buckingham, where they discover the loss of two of the diamond studs. The Duke replaces the two studs and d'Artagnan races back to Paris to deliver the necklace and save the Queen from embarrassment. He encounters Porthos, Athos, and Aramis on his way; they are wounded but not dead as d'Artagnan had feared. The film ends with d'Artagnan being made a musketeer for his services to the crown."] ["The movie revolves around former child star, Cilla McGowan , who has found more satisfying work, restoring old houses. In search of a normal life, Cilla buys her grandmother's farmhouse in Virginia's Shenandoah Valley, to rescue it from ruin. Cilla's hope for serenity is soon eclipsed by haunting dreams of her famous grandmother, who died of a supposed overdose in the house, more than 30 years before. Cilla soon begins a romantic relationship with Ford Sawyer , her handsome neighbor, who ultimately comforts and protects her when her dark dreams and family secrets turn into a real-life nightmare."] ['The film opens with the creation of the 1984 commercial for Apple Computer, which introduced the first Macintosh.Apple\'s 1984: The Introduction of the Macintosh in the Cultural History of Personal Computers. Duke University. Retrieved on 2011-10-07. Steve Jobs  is speaking with director Ridley Scott , trying to convey his idea that "We\'re creating a completely new consciousness." Scott, however, is more concerned at the moment with the technical aspects of the commercial. The film then flashes forward to 1997 as Jobs, who has returned to Apple, is announcing a new deal with Microsoft at the 1997 Macworld Expo. His partner, Steve Wozniak , is introduced as one of the two central narrators of the story. Wozniak notes to the audience the resemblance between "Big Brother" and the image of Bill Gates  on the screen behind Jobs during this announcement. Asking how they "got from there to here," the film turns to flashbacks of his youth with Jobs, prior to the forming of Apple. The first flashback of the film takes place on the U.C. Berkeley campus during the period of the early 1970s student movements. Jobs and Wozniak are shown caught on the campus during a riot between students and police. They flee and after finding safety, Jobs states to Wozniak, "Those guys think they\'re revolutionaries. They\'re not revolutionaries, we are." Wozniak then comments that "Steve was never like you or me. He always saw things differently. Even when I was in Berkeley, I would see something and just see kilobytes or circuit boards while he\'d see karma or the meaning of the universe." Using a similar structure, the film next turns to a young Bill Gates at Harvard University, in the early 1970s, with classmate Steve Ballmer , and Gates’ high school friend Paul Allen . As with Wozniak in the earlier segment, Ballmer narrates Gates\' story, particularly the moment when Gates discovers the existence of Ed Roberts\'  MITS Altair . Gates\' and Allen\'s early work with MITS is juxtaposed against the involvement of Jobs and Wozniak with the Homebrew Computer Club, eventually leading to the development of the Apple I in 1976 with the help of angel investor Mike Markkula . The story follows the protagonists as they develop their technology and their businesses. At a San Francisco computer fair where the Apple II computer is introduced, Gates , attempts to introduce himself to Jobs, who snubs him. This is followed by the development of the IBM-PC with the help of Gates and Microsoft in 1981. It also follows Jobs\' relationship with his high school girlfriend  and the difficulties he had acknowledging the birth and existence of their daughter, Lisa. Around the time his daughter was born, Jobs unveiled his next computer, which he named, The Lisa. The Lisa was then followed in 1984 by the Macintosh, a computer inspired by the Xerox Alto. The main body of the film finally concludes with a birthday toast in 1985 to Steve Jobs shortly before he was fired by CEO John Sculley  from Apple Computer. It also includes a brief epilogue, noting what happened afterward in the lives of Steve Jobs and Steve Wozniak. The movie ends with Steve Jobs returning to Apple after its acquisition of NeXT Computer, and Bill Gates appearing live via satellite at a MacWorld Expo in 1997, during Jobs\' first Stevenote keynote address, to announce an alliance between Apple and Microsoft.'] ["John Drury  is passing through when townsfolk are about to kill Duke, a horse they believe to be dangerous. He convinces them to reprieve the animal if he can ride it. He does, earning the gratitude of Ruth Gaunt . He then volunteers to deal with an outlaw known as the Hawk who has been terrorizing the area. Solid citizen Henry Simms  volunteers to guide him to the Hawk's territory. But Simms is actually the Hawk and he ties Drury to a tree, leaving him to die. Simms then leads a raid on a ranch, kills a man and plants Drury's harmonica at the scene. With the help of his horse Duke, Drury manages to free himself. However, a group of vigilantes, believing that he is the Hawk, accuse him of murder and take him to face a hanging judge. Fortunately, Ruth shows up, with the news that a wounded witness has regained consciousness and confirmed Drury's claim that Simms is the real bandit. Simms' men burst in and hold everyone at gunpoint. Simms takes Ruth with him to his hideout, but Drury manages to escape and follow them. The posse overpowers Simms' henchmen and captures the rest of the gang. Simms and Drury fight; when Drury is distracted by the arrival of help, Simms knocks him out and tries to flee, only to run into the deadly hooves of an enraged Duke."] ['The film begins with the sentencing of Jean-Baptiste Grenouille , a notorious murderer. Between the reading of the sentence and the execution, the story of his life is told in flashback, beginning with his abandonment at birth in a French fish market. Raised in an orphanage, Grenouille grows into a strangely detached boy with a superhuman sense of smell. After growing to maturity as a tanner\'s apprentice, he makes his first delivery to Paris, where he revels in the new odors. He focuses on a redheaded girl selling plums , following her and repeatedly attempting to sniff her, startling her with his behavior. To prevent her from crying out, he covers the girl\'s mouth and unintentionally suffocates her. After realizing that she is dead, he strips her body naked and smells her all over, becoming distraught when her scent fades. Afterwards, Grenouille is haunted by the desire to recreate the girl\'s aroma. After making a delivery to a perfume shop, Grenouille amazes the Italian owner, Giuseppe Baldini , with his ability to identify and to create fragrances. He revitalizes the perfumer\'s career with new formulas, demanding only that Baldini teach him how to preserve scents. Baldini explains that all perfumes are harmonies of twelve individual scents, and may contain a theoretical thirteenth scent. He also tells a story about a perfume discovered in an Egyptian tomb that was so perfect that it caused everyone in the entire world to briefly believe they were in paradise the moment the bottle was opened. When Grenouille discovers that Baldini\'s method of distillation will not capture the scents of all objects, such as iron chains and dead animals, he becomes depressed. After receiving a letter of presentation written by Baldini, Grenouille leaves to learn a different method in Grasse. En route to Grasse, Grenouille realises that he has no body odor, and is therefore a cipher. He decides that creating the perfect perfume will prove his worth. Upon arrival in Grasse, Grenouille catches the scent of Laura Richis , the beautiful, redheaded daughter of the wealthy Antoine Richis  and decides that she will be his "thirteenth scent", the linchpin of his perfume. Grenouille finds a job in Grasse under Madame Arnulfi  and Dominique Druot  and learns the method of enfleurage. He kills a young lavender picker and attempts to extract her scent using the method of hot enfleurage, which fails. After this, he attempts the method of cold enfleurage on a prostitute he hired, but she becomes alarmed and tries to throw him out. He murders her and successfully preserves the scent of the woman thanks to the animal fat. Grenouille embarks on a killing spree, targeting beautiful young girls and capturing their scents using his perfected method. He dumps the women\'s naked corpses around the city, creating panic. After preserving the first twelve scents, Grenouille plans his attack on Laura. During a church sermon excommunicating him it is announced that an innocent man has confessed to the murders under torture. Richis remains unconvinced and flees the city with his daughter, planning to marry her as soon as possible. Grenouille tracks her scent to a roadside inn and sneaks into her room that night, appearing to hesitate as she stirs. However the next morning, Richis discovers Laura lying dead in her bed. Soldiers capture Grenouille moments after he finishes preparing his perfume. On the day of his execution, he applies a drop of the perfume to himself, forcing the jailers to release him and give him their clothes. The executioner and the crowd in attendance are speechless at the beauty of the perfume; they declare Grenouille innocent before falling into a massive orgy. Richis, still convinced of Grenouille\'s guilt, threatens him with his sword, before being overwhelmed by the scent and embracing Grenouille as his "son". Eventually, the town awakens and decides that the godly Grenouille could not have been the murderer. Druot is convicted for the murders and hanged, since it was his backyard where the clothes and hair of the victims were found. Walking out of Grasse unscathed, Grenouille has enough perfume to rule the world, but has discovered that it will not allow him to love or be loved like a normal person. Disenchanted by his aimless quest and tired of his life, he returns to Paris. Back in the city, Grenouille returns to the fish market where he was born and pours the remaining perfume over his head. Overcome by the scent and in the belief that Grenouille is an angel, the nearby crowd devours him. The next day, all that is left are his clothes and the empty bottle, from which one final drop of perfume falls.'] ['In 1787 prisoners are shipped from Newgate Jail on the Charlotte to found a new penal colony in Botany Bay, New South Wales. Amongst them is Hugh Tallant  an American medical student who had been wrongly imprisoned. During the journey he begins to clash with the villainous Captain Gilbert , and is soon plotting a full-scale mutiny against him.{{cite news}}'] ["{{expand section}} Professor Challenger leads team of scientists and adventurers to a remote plateau deep within the Amazonian jungle to investigate reports that dinosaurs still live there. The boisterous, arrogant Professor Challenger , a reputed biologist and anthropologist, dares the London Zoological Society to mount an expedition to verify his spectacular claim, without physical proof, that his previous expedition to the Amazon Basin found live dinosaurs. Apart from him and his 'socialite' counterpart, Professor Summerlee , it consists of experienced discoverer Lord Roxton , the young reporter Ed Malone  - who got publicly struck down with Challenger's umbrella at his arrival - and Jennifer Holmes , Malone's news agency's boss's daughter, who is allowed by her father to come essentially as one of the conditions for putting up the money. In Brazil they are joined by Jennifer's brother David  and local 'guide' Manuel Gomez . They soon discover the dinosaurs and other creatures are real and dangerous, but lose their helicopter and thus are desperate for a way down from the isolated plateau. They learn Roxton knew about the fate of Burton White, an explorer whose diary they find, search for diamonds, and confirm that the local tribesmen are lethal guardians of the plateau's secrets. Another thing they learn is that Roxton accidentally killed Gomez' brother on a separate trip before this one, leaving Gomez hungry for revenge. During a volcanic eruption, they manage to escape from the plateau, carrying a Tyrannosaurus rex egg with them. The egg hatches when it is dropped by accident, and Professor Challenger resolves to take the infant dinosaur  back to London with them."] ['John Singer is a deaf-mute whose small world brings him in contact with a young girl, Mick, who cherishes a seemingly hopeless dream of becoming a concert pianist. At first hostile, Mick soon becomes friends with Singer, hoping to enlarge his small world. Three other central characters come to Singer for help also, each of them seeing in him a powerful force. Yet some are so obsessed with their own troubles that they fail to see that Singer has some very serious ones of his own.'] ['Seven years after World War II, a 12-year old boy named David  escapes a Stalinist labor camp in Bulgaria where he has spent his entire life. He sets out on a risky journey to Denmark, initially believing he is on an important mission to deliver a letter, but eventually discovering that the "mission" was to reunite him with his mother, of whom he only has faint memories. Along his journey, he faces danger, fear, loneliness, hunger, and encounters various people. Johannes , his friend and mentor in the camp, who prepares him for escape, is killed by a guard, leaving David to face escape on his own. David is helped by a guard to escape, who gives him a compass and tells him he must go southwest to Greece, take a boat to Italy and finally go north to Denmark, a peaceful and neutral country. Since David was locked in a camp all his life, he has repressed feelings and trusts no one, and so feels lost and disoriented in the world. Along his journey, though he is mistreated by some people, he is well-treated by others. Gradually he learns that some people can be trusted, and to open up and experience his own feelings. Finally, with the help of decent people whom he has learned to trust, David and his mother are reunited.'] ['In 1973, Susie Salmon , a 14-year-old girl living in Pennsylvania with her parents, sister, and brother, dreams about becoming a photographer some day. One day, Ray Singh , a boy Susie has a crush on, approaches her at her locker and slips a note into her textbook. He asks her out for the following Saturday. As Susie walks home through a cornfield, she runs into her neighbor, George Harvey , who coaxes her into an underground den that he says he has built for the neighborhood children. Inside, Susie becomes uncomfortable in Harvey\'s presence and attempts to leave; when he grabs her, she kicks him in the face and runs into the field and onto the street, rushing past classmate Ruth Connors . Meanwhile, the Salmon family becomes worried that Susie failed to return. Her father, Jack , leaves to search for her, while her mother, Abigail , waits for the police. In town, Susie sees her father, but he does not respond to her calls. Susie then runs home to find Harvey soaking in a bathtub. After seeing her charm bracelet hanging on the sink faucet near a bloody shaving razor, Susie realizes that she never escaped the den and was actually murdered by Harvey. Screaming, she is pulled into the "In-Between", that is neither Heaven nor Earth. From there, Susie watches over her loved ones, unable to let go despite her new afterlife friend, Holly , urging her to move on. Investigating Susie\'s disappearance with Detective Len Fenerman , Jack thinks Susie was murdered by someone she knew. He begins obsessively researching neighbors, including Harvey, who is actually the one who murdered Susie; Jack also comes to think that Harvey is the killer. But Fenerman, after he interviewed Harvey, he is unable to find any evidence that would link him as a suspect. Susie\'s sister, Lindsey , comes to agree with her father\'s suspicions, but their casework takes an emotional toll on Abigail, and Jack invites her alcoholic mother, Lynn , to move in with the family. Feeling alienated from her husband, Abigail leaves for California. In her afterlife, Susie inspects a lighthouse and learns that Harvey, who has now targeted Lindsey as his next victim, has murdered six other females, including Holly, and that he stuffed Susie\'s body into a safe in his basement. One night, Jack, carrying a bat, trails Harvey into the cornfield. However, Jack accidentally stumbles across Susie\'s friend, Clarissa . Her boyfriend, Brian , who mistakenly thinks that his girlfriend is being assaulted, nearly beats Jack to death while Harvey watches from a hiding spot. As Jack recuperates, Lindsey breaks into Harvey\'s house looking for evidence. Upstairs, she finds a notebook containing a sketch of the den, a lock of Susie\'s hair, and news articles about Susie\'s disappearance. Harvey returns home but Lindsey manages to escape and runs home to discover that her mother has returned. Not wishing to spoil the happy reunion of her parents, she hides the book from them and instead gives it to her grandmother. Fearful of being caught, Harvey flees, taking the safe with Susie\'s remains with him. The realm in Susie\'s afterlife begins expanding into a larger heaven, and she is greeted by Harvey\'s other victims. She resists Holly\'s urging to enter heaven along with the others, claiming she has one final thing to do. Meanwhile, Ruth and Ray are present when Harvey drives up to dispose of the safe at a sinkhole dump site on the Connors\' property. Susie returns to Earth and enters Ruth\'s body, causing Ruth to faint. Ray rushes to Ruth\'s aid only to realize she has become Susie. They share a kiss, completing Susie\'s last wish, and she returns to Heaven, as Harvey drives away. Meanwhile, the safe is seen tumbling down the sinkhole before disappearing into the muddy water. Sometime later, Harvey meets a young woman outside a diner and offers her a ride, but she rebuffs him and leaves. A large icicle falls from an overhead branch, hitting Harvey on the shoulder. He loses his balance on the ice and falls backward over a cliff to his death. Time passes, and Susie sees that her family is healing, which Susie refers to as "the lovely bones" that grew around her absence. As the film concludes, Susie finally enters Heaven, telling the audience: "My name is Salmon, like the fish; first name Susie. I was 14 years old when I was murdered on December 6, 1973. I was here for a moment and then I was gone. I wish you all a long and happy life."'] ['Several American and British civilians are stuck in a lifeboat in the North Atlantic after their ship and a U-boat sink each other in combat. Willi , a German survivor, is pulled aboard and denies being an enemy officer. During an animated debate, Kovac  demands the German be thrown out and allowed to drown. However, cooler heads prevail, with Garrett  and columnist Connie Porter  asserting the German\'s prisoner of war status, and he is allowed to stay. One passenger, an infant, dies almost immediately after boarding. His mother is a young English woman ([[Heather Angel , who, after being treated by a nurse ([[Mary Anderson , must be tied down to stop her from hurting herself. The woman sneaks off the boat while the other passengers sleep, drowning herself in the night. The film then follows the lifeboat inhabitants as they attempt to organize their rations, set a course for Bermuda, and coexist as they try to survive. The characters start out being good-natured, cooperative, and optimistic about rescue. However, they descend into desperation, dehydration, and frustration with each other. The back stories of the characters are examined, and divisions of race, religion, sex, class, and nationality are brought to the surface. The passengers also cooperate through this stress, such as when they must amputate the leg of one of their boatmates due to gangrene. Kovac takes charge, rationing the little food and water they have, but Willi gradually takes control away from him. Willi is later revealed to be the U-boat captain. One morning, while the others are sleeping, the injured German-American Gus Smith  catches Willi drinking water from a hidden flask. Too delirious and weak to wake anybody up, Gus is pushed overboard by Willi and drowns while the others sleep. Upon waking, the others discover Gus missing and Willi is questioned. When they notice that the German is sweating, the other passengers discover the hoarded flask in his jacket. In a spasm of anger they descend upon him as a group, beat him, and throw him overboard, striking him multiple times with Gus\'s boot to prevent him from re-boarding. Musing on Willi\'s treachery, Rittenhouse  asks, "What do you do with people like that?" The survivors are subsequently spotted by the German supply ship to which Willi had been steering them. Before a launch can pick them up, both the supply ship and rescue-lifeboat are sunk by an Allied warship. A frightened young German seaman is pulled aboard the lifeboat. He pulls a gun on the boat occupants but is surprised and disarmed. He asks in German, "Aren\'t you going to kill me?" The film ends with surviving passengers arguing about keeping the new German sailor aboard or throwing him off to drown as they await the Allied vessel to rescue them. Again the question is asked, "What do you do with people like that?"'] ["Martha Horgan  struggles to have a normal life in spite of being mentally challenged. She is fired from a job at the local dry-cleaner's after accusations of stealing from the cash register, something she believes the boyfriend of her work colleague Birdie  has been doing. Depressed, she returns to the home of Aunt Frances  and discovers that a handyman , looking for work in any capacity, has been hired to fix the porch of the main house before the residence hosts a gala event for a local politician. The politician's wife  has damaged the porch by driving a car into it, irate over her husband's affair with Frances. Mackey, the handyman, is kind to Martha, offering her a ride into town as well as defending her from Birdie's boyfriend Getso , a bully who insults her, by breaking the windshield on Getso's van. Martha becomes increasingly fond of Mackey as time goes on. Mack recognizes Martha's feelings but he honorably abstains from engaging in sexual intercourse. One night, however, Mack returns to Martha's home drunk, lets himself in and proceeds to initiate coitus with a more than willing Martha on her couch. He later sleeps with Martha's aunt, who is drunk and despondent following the gala, during which her love interest, the local politician, reconciles and leaves with his ex-wife. Mack leaves as soon as the porch job is done, feeling guilt of being unfaithful to Martha. Still desperate to clear her name at work, Martha proceeds alone to enter the home of Birdie, her former co-worker. Getso is there. He confronts Martha and attempts to shoo her away before he calls the police. Martha feels cornered and stabs Getso to death with a sandwich knife."] ['The miniseries is an adaptation of The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red , written by Ridley Pearson under the pseudonym Joyce Reardon, Ph.D. Pearson\'s novel was based on the script of Stephen King\'s Rose Red. The plot revolves around the construction of the Rimbauer mansion, Rose Red, in Seattle, Washington, USA. The film traces a series of mysterious accidents throughout the mansion\'s early history which eventually leads it to being haunted. The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer is a prequel to the 2002 TV miniseries Stephen King\'s Rose Red. In its efforts to "explain" the supernatural events in the earlier project, it is set at the turn of the 20th century, when the stately, sinister Rose Red mansion is constructed by powerful Seattle oil magnate John Rimbauer  as a wedding present for his timid, submissive young bride, Ellen . Rimbauer owned an oil company, and used much of his wealth to build the mansion, which was in the Tudor-Gothic style and situated on {{convert}} of woodland in the heart of Seattle, Washington, in the United States. The site was a Native American burial ground . The house appeared cursed even as it was being constructed: Three construction workers were killed on the site, and a construction foreman was murdered by a co-worker. Shortly after her marriage to Rimbauer, Ellen began keeping a remarkable diary. This diary became the secret place where Ellen could confess her anxieties about her new marriage, express her confusion over her emerging sexuality and contemplate the nightmare that her life was becoming. The diary not only follows the development of a girl into womanhood, it follows the construction of the Rimbauer mansion—called Rose Red—an enormous home that would be the site of so many horrific and inexplicable tragedies in the years ahead. At first impressed by her husband\'s extravagance, Ellen eventually comes to hate and fear John, especially when learning a few unsavory facts about his past. Meanwhile, the mansion seems to be festooned with ghosts, possibly those of the many people close to John who have mysteriously vanished. The eerie moanings and manifestations are interpreted as a warning to Ellen that she, too, may some day disappear without a trace. As revealed in the miniseries, Ellen Rimbauer and her maid and closest friend Sukeena continue to live in the house. Ellen believed that if she continued to build the house, she would never die. Rimbauer used nearly all of her dead husband\'s fortune to continually add to the home over the next several decades, enlarging it significantly . Mysterious disappearances continued: Deanna Petrie, an actress friend of Ellen Rimbauer\'s, and Sukeena both disappeared over the next few years. Ellen Rimbauer herself disappeared in 1950, though through supernatural means, the house continued to grow, with new rooms, hallways, and staircases appearing overnight.'] ["In New York City during the middle of a hot summer, body parts of men are showing up in the Hudson River. The police suspect it to be the work of a serial killer who is picking up homosexual men at West Village bars like the Eagle's Nest, the Ramrod, and the Cock Pit, then taking them to cheap rooming houses or motels, tying them up and stabbing them to death. Officer Steve Burns , who resembles the victims, is sent deep undercover into the urban world of gay S&M and leather bars in the Meatpacking District in order to track down the killer. He rents an apartment in the area and befriends a neighbor, Ted Bailey  a struggling young gay playwright. Burns's undercover work takes a toll on his relationship with his girlfriend Nancy , due to both his refusal to tell her the details of his current assignment and Burns building a close friendship with Ted, who himself is having relationship issues with his jealous and overbearing dancer boyfriend Gregory. Burns mistakenly compels the police to interrogate a waiter, Skip Lee , who is intimidated and beaten to coerce a confession before police discover Skip's fingerprints don't match the killer's. Burns is disturbed by this police brutality, and comes to believe that the police are motivated by homophobia. Outraged, and exhausted by his undercover assignment, he almost quits his job. However, Burns is convinced by his boss  to continue with the investigation. Following a new lead, Burns investigates Columbia University students who studied with one of the previous victims, a college professor. At the film's conclusion, Burns thinks that he has found the serial killer, a gay music student who attacks him with a knife in Morningside Park. Burns brings the man into custody, but shortly afterward Ted's mutilated body is found. The police dismiss the murder as a lover's quarrel turned violent and put out an arrest warrant for Gregory, whom Ted had earlier described to Steve as controlling and possessive. With the police under the impression that the murders have been solved, Burns moves back in with Nancy. In an ambiguous finale, Burns begins shaving his beard in the bathroom while Nancy secretly inspects clothes that he left on a chair: a leather peaked cap, aviator frames, and a leather jacket that all look very similar to the outfit the killer wore. Burns, meanwhile, wipes off his shaving cream and looks directly at the camera."] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} Writer, ex-con and 40-something bottle-baby Tim Madden, who is prone to blackouts, awakens from a two-week bender to discover a pool of blood in his car, a blond woman\'s severed head in his marijuana stash, and the new Provincetown, Massachusetts police chief, Captain Luther Regency, shacked up with his former girlfriend Madeleine. As his father Dougy helps try to unravel the mystery, Madden is dogged by the psychotic Capt. Regency, who has it in for him because a car crash that he was involved in with Madeline has left her unable to have children. Flashing back, Madden remembers the time when he encouraged Madeline to swing with a Li\'l Abnerish couple from down South, the fundamentalist preacher Big Stoop and his Daisy Mae-ish wife, Patty Lareine, whose ad Tim had come across in Screw magazine. It is on the trip back that the car crash occurs, Madeline incensed along the way that Tim has so enjoyed Patty Lareine\'s charms. Except for his father, who is dying of cancer, Tim suspects everyone, including Patty Lareine, multi-millionaire prep-school pal Wardley Meeks III — and even himself — of murder. Patty Lareine had left Big Stoop, married Wardley, left him in a messy divorce which netted her a rich cash settlement, and in turn married Tim, whom she fancied. Patty Lareine disappears, and Tim goes on his fatal bender that has left his memory in shards after receiving a letter from Madeline informing him that her husband is having an affair with his wife. Tim remembers his assignation in the local tavern\'s parking lot with the blond porn star Jessica Pond, while her effete husband Lonnie Pangborn watched from the sidelines, distraught. It was Jessica\'s head in the Hefty bag with his grass, but soon another head turns up in his marijuana stash, that of Patty Lareine. We eventually learn that she and Wardley, a bisexual skewed towards the gay side, had been involved in a massive marijuana deal, one that also involved Pond and Pangborn, who are also missing. Will Tim be able to get to the bottom of the mystery and save himself from another stretch in stir? As Dougy reminds him, "Tough guys don\'t dance," and Tim has been doing everything but the Charlston in his attempt to keep ahead of the forces closing in on him.'] ['Foxfire is narrated by Maddie Wirtz, a high school senior living a rather normal life in the suburbs of Portland, Oregon. Maddie is in control of her life, with a boyfriend, and plans to go to art school. One day in science class, the students are watching the teacher Mr. Buttinger try to make Rita Faldes dissect a frog. A mysterious and beautiful leather jacket-clad "new student" stands up to Mr. Buttinger and releases Rita\'s frog. When Mr. Buttinger sentences them both to detention, the drifter reveals that she\'s not a new student after all, and escapes through the same window as the frog. Later, in the girls\' restroom, the drifter and some other girls are listening to Rita describe Mr. Buttinger\'s untoward advances. When the drifter says the only way to stop the teacher is to stick together, the only girls to stay are Rita, Violet, and Maddie. When detention time comes, Mr. Buttinger indeed begins his advances toward Rita, but is startled by Violet\'s entry. When Maddie and the drifter come in soon after, he realizes the situation is becoming serious. The girls confront the teacher about his abuse, and they become involved in a physical altercation, which ends when the ordinarily shy Rita slams his face against a lab bench and tells him "if you ever put your hands on me again, I\'m gonna snip your little nuts off with my toenail clippers." At this point Goldie Goldberg walks in, and joins the assault by declaring "this is great; Buttinger is such a fuck." The girls run from the school and then decide to go home. At Maddie\'s house, Maddie is surprised by a knock at the window, which turns out to be the stranger from the earlier assault, there to return Maddie\'s dropped address book. The girl tells Maddie she\'s a drifter who got kicked out of school "for thinking for herself." Maddie agrees to let her sleep on the floor. The next morning, Maddie catches up with the girl on a bridge. The girl tells Maddie her name is "Legs", and brings Maddie\'s art supplies up onto the bridge. Maddie, who is afraid of heights, can\'t join her. A truck startles Legs, who drops the art portfolio over the edge of the bridge. Legs climbs over the edge of the bridge to retrieve the bag, which deeply impresses Maddie. As they part, Maddie tells Legs of an abandoned house up the river where Legs could stay. At school, the girls are called in to the principal\'s office, where their claims of sexual harassment fall on deaf ears, and they are suspended for three weeks. The girls are escorted off campus, and Maddie is not allowed to retrieve her art school portfolio. Instead of going home with the news of their suspension, they all decide to go to the abandoned house up the river. There they meet Legs, who suggests they break into the school to get Maddie\'s portfolio. The girls sneak into the high school through a vent, and go into the art room. While the other girls are busy collecting Maddie\'s work, Goldie is put off by an unflattering Polaroid, and moves into a side room to smoke a joint. She throws her match into a pile of oily rags, starting a fire, and setting off the sprinklers. The girls have to escape the police who come to investigate, and eventually reconvene at the house. Back at the house, Legs decides to commemorate the night by giving herself a tattoo of a flame on her breast. One by one, the other girls ask Legs to give them the same tattoo. This act dictates the final bond that tie the girls together. However, things start to go terribly wrong. First, Maddie is threatened by a group of jocks who dislike the idea of the girls reporting their abusive teacher, since he is also the coach of their football team. During an attempt to "teach her" a lesson, she is rescued by the rest of the group and they steal Dana\'s  car, with Legs driving. Eventually, after running into some cops on patrol, they continue their run after Legs refuses to stop, leading to an accident which in turn leads to Legs being put in a correctional facility. The girls continue on, but aren\'t as close-knit anymore. Goldie gives in to the pressure and runs away from home. Maddie somehow finds her and brings her back to the abandoned house. After Legs gets out, she returns to the "hang out", and is shocked to see Goldie\'s state. She, together with Maddie, go to Goldie\'s  parents home, demanding 10 grand for rehabilitation purposes for Goldie. When her father refuses, Legs threatens him with his own gun and takes him hostage to the house, where they tie him to a chair and pressure him for the money. Goldie, oblivious to this, is startled to see her dad and calls out to him in surprise. This however, surprises Rita, who accidentally shoots Goldie\'s father in the chest. Chaos ensues, but the girls keep calm and decide to take him to the hospital. Rita drives the others while Maddie and Legs stay back. The scene towards the end of the film centers around Legs and her relationship with Maddie. Legs is done with her current circumstances and surroundings and is shown walking the highway again, looking for a ride. It is this same highway upon where Maddie almost lost her art portfolio. Maddie finds Legs and calls out to her in an attempt to make her stay. Legs is hesitant, but holds to her decision to leave. Upon Maddie\'s disappointment, Legs asks her to come along. After thinking for a while about her future, Maddie decides to stay but assures Legs that she will never forget her. Legs, hopeful that Maddie will choose to come along, is slightly overwhelmed, but understands and reciprocates, by telling Maddie she will always be in her heart. As Legs\' boards the truck that stopped, Maddie watches it disappear down the road and walks over to climb the bridge (in the same way that Legs did, thus conquering her fear of heights. In a voice-over, we hear that Maddie has graduated high school, got accepted into art school, and has traveled half way around the world, stopping at airports and bus stops along the way. She has not seen Legs again, but she meets the others once in a while, and they get together to reminisce about the past.'] ["Philo Vance's entry does not make it into the final of the Long Island Kennel Club's dog show, disappointing fellow competitor Archer Coe , who had hoped to savor a victory over Vance. Coe is found dead the next morning in his bedroom, locked from the inside. District Attorney Markham , Police Sergeant Heath  and everyone else assume it was suicide since he was shot through the head and was found holding a pistol. However, Vance is not convinced. He soon finds evidence that shows that Coe was murdered. Coroner Dr. Doremus  determines the victim died of a stab wound. There is no shortage of suspects; Coe was very much disliked. His niece Hilda Lake  resented her uncle's tight control of her finances and jealousy of any men who showed interest in her. Her boyfriend, Sir Thomas MacDonald , suspected Coe of killing his dog to ensure winning the competition. Raymond Wrede , the dead man's secretary, was in love with Miss Lake, but had been laughed at when he sought Coe's support. Coe's next door neighbor and lover Doris Delafield  had been cheating on him with Eduardo Grassi . When Coe found out, he canceled a contract to sell his collection of Chinese artworks to the Milan museum for which Grassi worked. Liang , the cook, had worked long, hard and illegally to help Coe amass his collection. He warned his employer against the proposed sale and was fired as a result. Even Coe's own brother Brisbane ([[Frank Conroy  made it clear that he despised him. Finally Gamble , the head servant, had concealed his criminal past. Brisbane Coe becomes Vance's prime suspect. His alibi of taking a train at the time of the murder is disproved. However, when he is found dead in a closet, Vance is both puzzled and enlightened. Among Brisbane's effects, Vance finds a book titled Unsolved Murders; a bookmarked page details a method of using string to lock a door through the keyhole without leaving a trace. Part of the mystery is solved. Later, an attempt is made on the life of Sir Thomas using the same dagger used to kill Coe. Finally, a Doberman Pinscher belonging to Miss Delafield is found seriously injured, apparently struck with a fireside poker. From these and other clues, Vance finally solves the crime. It turns out that two men had sought Coe's life that night. The successful murderer had struggled with Coe, stabbed him, and left him apparently dead. However, Coe awakened soon after. Too dazed to recall the fight and notice that he was mortally wounded, he went upstairs to his bedroom and opened his window before dying. Brisbane entered the chamber, saw his brother apparently asleep in his chair. He shot the corpse and arranged the scene to look like a suicide. However, downstairs he ran into the actual killer, who had seen that Archer Coe was still alive and came back to finish the job. In the darkness, he mistook Brisbane for Archer and killed the wrong man. Delafield's dog then wandered in, attracted by the commotion, and attacked the murderer. While sure of the killer's identity, Vance has no proof. He therefore arranges for Sir Thomas and Wrede to quarrel over Hilda Lake. When Wrede instinctively reaches for the poker to strike his rival, the healed Doberman which Vance had brought recognizes its attacker and leaps on him. Wrede confesses he became enraged when Coe refused to assist his courtship of Miss Lake, precipitating the initial stabbing."] ['Ree Dolly , age 17, looks after her mentally ill mother, her brother Sonny  and her sister Ashlee . Every day, Ree makes sure her siblings eat, while teaching them basic survival skills like hunting and cooking. The family is very poor. Ree\'s father, Jessup, has not been home for a long time and his whereabouts are unknown. He is out on bail following an arrest for manufacturing methamphetamine. The sheriff tells Ree that if her father does not show up for his court date, they will lose the house because it was put up as part of his bond. Ree sets out to find her father, following his trail into a world where meth use is common, violence is frequent, women are scared of their men, and people are bound by codes of loyalty and secrecy. She starts with her meth-addicted uncle Teardrop  and continues on to more distant kin, eventually trying to talk to the local crime boss, Thump Milton. Milton refuses to see her; the only information Ree comes up with are warnings to leave the situation alone and stories that Jessup died in a meth lab fire or skipped town to avoid the trial. When Jessup fails to appear for the trial, the bondsman comes looking for him and tells Ree that she will have about a week before the house and land are seized. Ree tells him that Jessup must be dead, because "Dollys don\'t run." He tells her that she will need to provide proof that her father is dead in order to avoid the bond\'s being forfeited. Ree tries to go to see Milton again and is severely beaten by his women. Teardrop shows up and rescues Ree, promising her attackers that she will not say anything or cause any more trouble. Teardrop tells Ree that her father was killed because he was going to inform on other meth cookers, but he does not know who killed him; he warns her that if she ever finds out who did that she must not tell him because it could get him killed. A few nights later, the same three Milton women who beat Ree come to her house. They offer to take her to see "her daddy\'s bones". The women place a burlap sack on her head and drive her to a pond, where they get into a rowboat and row to the shallow place where her father\'s submerged body lies. They tell Ree to reach into the freezing water and grasp her father\'s hands so they can cut them off with a chainsaw; the severed, decaying arms will serve as proof of death for the authorities. Ree takes the hands to the sheriff, telling him that someone flung them onto the porch of her house. The bondsman comes back to the house and gives Ree the cash portion of the bond, which was put up by an anonymous associate of Jessup. Ree tries to give Jessup\'s banjo to Teardrop, but he tells her to keep it at the house for him. As he is leaving, he tells her that he now knows who killed her father. Ree reassures Sonny and Ashlee that she will not ever leave them, regardless of the money she just received. As the film closes, Ashlee retrieves Jessup\'s banjo and begins to play.'] ["Seventeen-year-old Catherine Morland, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Morland , is a tomboy with a wild imagination and a passion for Gothic novels. Family friends Mr. and Mrs. Allen , invite Catherine to spend the season in Bath and she readily accepts. At her first ball, Catherine meets and dances with Henry Tilney . The following day, Catherine makes the acquaintance of the Thorpe family. She becomes good friends with Isabella Thorpe  and she meets Isabella's brother, John ([[William Beck , when she is reunited with her own brother, James . John flirts with Catherine at a ball, but she is more interested in meeting with Henry and his sister, Eleanor ([[Catherine Walker . Catherine is pressured by Isabella and John into riding to Blaise Castle, despite her having made plans for a walk with Henry and Eleanor. John assures her that he saw Henry driving a phaeton to Wick Rocks, but while Catherine is in John's carriage, she sees the Tilneys walking along the street. Catherine asks John to stop, knowing he lied to her, but he refuses. Catherine runs into the Tilney family at the opera and makes her apologies, before planning another walk. John tells Henry's father, General Tilney ([[Liam Cunningham , that Catherine is the Allens' heir, and the General invites her to spend the day with the family. Catherine is delighted when she learns Henry and Eleanor love books as much as she does. On her return home, Isabella tells Catherine that she and James are engaged. James and John announce that they are to leave Bath for a few weeks and after talking about marriage with Catherine, John leaves believing she is in love with him. Isabella catches the eye of Henry's older brother, Captain Frederick Tilney , and flirts with him after she learns how low James' income will be. General Tilney invites Catherine to stay with his family at Northanger Abbey and she accepts. When Isabella tells Catherine that John is going to propose to her, Catherine tells her friend to write to him and explains that he is mistaken. Isabella continues to flirt with Frederick and Catherine asks Henry to convince his brother to leave her alone. However, he tells Catherine that Frederick will be leaving town soon to re-join his regiment. Catherine states that Northanger Abbey looks exactly as she imagined it and she becomes intrigued by Mrs. Tilney's death. Due to her overactive imagination, Catherine starts to believe that General Tilney murdered his wife. Henry catches her in his mother's chamber and becomes offended when he realises what she has been thinking. Catherine apologises and Henry tells her that perhaps it is possible to read too many novels. Catherine receives a letter from James, in which he reveals that his engagement to Isabella has been called off, because she allowed Frederick to seduce her. Eleanor explains to Catherine that her brother has no intention of marrying Isabella. Catherine gets a letter from Isabella, asking her to apologise to James for her, but Catherine states that she will do no such thing. General Tilney returns home from a trip away and orders Eleanor to send Catherine home to Fullerton that night. Catherine endures the trip alone and believes that Henry told the General about her suspicions. A few days later, Henry comes to Fullerton and explains that the General discovered that Catherine's family were not as rich as John led him to believe. He apologises for his father's actions and explains that even though he will probably be disinherited, he loves Catherine and proposes. Catherine accepts and they couple marry."] ['White widow Bea Pullman  and her daughter Jessie  take in black housekeeper Delilah Johnson  and her daughter, light-complexioned Peola  — exchanging room and board for work, even though Bea is struggling to make ends meet herself. Delilah and Peola quickly become like family to Jessie and Bea. They particularly enjoy Delilah\'s pancakes, made from a special family recipe. Five years later, Jessie and Peola prove to be challenging children to raise: Jessie is demanding, not particularly studious, relying instead on her charm, and is the first person to call Peola "black" in a hurtful way, making it clear that their childhood idyll is doomed. Peola does not tell her classmates at school that she is "colored" and is humiliated when her mother shows up one day, revealing her secret. Bea finds it difficult to make a living selling pancake syrup . Using her wiles to get a store on the busy Atlantic City boardwalk refurbished for practically nothing, she opens a pancake restaurant on the boardwalk . Later, at the suggestion of a passerby, Elmer Smith , she sets up an even more successful pancake flour corporation, marketing Delilah as an Aunt Jemima-like figure. She gives Delilah a 20% interest in the business but Delilah continues to act as Bea\'s housekeeper. As a result, Bea becomes a wealthy business woman, but all is not well as the story advances ten years.  Eighteen-year-old Jessie , home on college vacation, falls in love with her mother\'s boyfriend, Stephen Archer , who is unaware at first of her affections. Meanwhile, Peola , ashamed of her African-American heritage, attempts to pass as white, breaking Delilah\'s heart. Peola runs away from her Negro college and takes a job as a cashier in a white store. When her mother and Bea track her down, she is again humiliated to be identified as black and ultimately tells her mother that she is going away, never to return, so she can pass as a white woman without the fear that Delilah will show up. Delilah is literally heartbroken and, in a melodramatic scene, takes to her bed and dies, murmuring Peola\'s name and forgiving her. The black servants are glimpsed singing a spiritual as she passes, Bea holding her hand at the end. Delilah\'s last wish had been for a large, grand funeral, complete with a marching band and a horse-drawn hearse. Just before the processional begins, a remorseful, crying Peola appears, begging her mother to forgive her. Peola returns to her Negro college and presumably abandons her efforts to pass as white. The film ends with Bea breaking her engagement with Stephen because of the situation with Jessie and doesn\'t want to hurt her feelings while being with him; although Bea promises to come find him once Jessie has forgotten him. The movie ends with Bea embracing Jessie while remembering Jessie\'s insistent demands for her toy duck  back when she was a toddler.'] ['The genesis of the movie arises out of the Cold War tensions existing between the United States and the Soviet Union during the early 1960s. The film presents a dramatic account of a series of coincidental events leading up to an accidental thermonuclear first-strike attack by a group of United States “Vindicator” bombers  against Moscow, the capital of what was then the Soviet Union. Amidst an ordinary tour for VIPs at the U.S. headquarters of the Strategic Air Command  in Omaha, Nebraska, an alert is initiated when SAC radar indicates an intrusion into American airspace of an unidentified flying object. The standard procedure of SAC is to keep several groups of bombers constantly flying around the clock as a most immediate response to any potential nuclear attack on the country. Upon any initial alert from headquarters, these airborne groups proceed to pre-identified aerial points around the globe called "fail-safe points" to await an actual "go code" before proceeding towards Russian targets. Shortly after reaching those points, the flying object is identified merely as an off-course airliner and the alert is canceled. However, a technical error sends an errant "go code" to a group of bombers, ordering them to proceed and attack their target. Coincidentally and simultaneously, a new Russian jamming device begins radio jamming of communications between SAC headquarters and the bomber group with the result that the group commander, Colonel Jack Grady , begins to lead the attack on Moscow. Pressure mounts as the President of the United States  and his advisers attempt to recall the group or shoot them down. Communications are begun with the Soviet Chairman, whereupon mistakes on both sides  are acknowledged. The jamming is reversed; however, SAC training and protocols cause the crew to reject counter-orders to abort the mission. Upon confirmation regarding the completion of the accidental attack on Moscow, the President realizes the severity of the situation and seeks a resolution to the matter that will avoid reprisal from the Russians and, ultimately, an all-out nuclear holocaust. With this threat in mind, the President orders an immediate similar nuclear strike on New York City.'] ['Tilo , an immigrant from India, is a shopkeeper,an unusually strong clairvoyant, and a chosen Mistress of Spices. The Spices she gives to her customers help them to satisfy their certain needs and desires, such as "sandalwood to dispel painful memories; black cumin seed to protect against evil eye." As a young girl, Tilo was initiated as one of several young Mistresses of Spices by the First Mother , who warns the girls about certain rules they must follow, or face dire consequences. They are instructed never to leave their respective stores all around the world, physically touch the skin of the people they meet, or use the great and incomprehensible strength and power of the Spices to their own ends. Tilo ends up in the San Francisco Bay Area in a store called "Spice Bazaar". Tilo\'s customers include Haroun, a cab driver , a grandfather  dealing with an American-born granddaughter Geeta , Kwesi, a man trying to impress his girlfriend  and Jagjit, a teenager trying to fit in at school . Her life takes a turn one day, when a handsome man on a motorcycle  crashes outside her store. Tilo tends to his injuries, while trying to ignore their strong, mutual romantic attraction. Her life changes when he touches her and they begin to fall deeply in love. This man, Doug, is an American and an architect. But the Spices are angry and jealous, and things soon start to go sour in her relationships with her other customers. Haroun gets in an accident, Geeta\'s family situation does not improve, Jagjit falls in with the wrong crowd at school, and Kwesi\'s girlfriend breaks up with him. Doug comes to meet her that night and sadly tells her that his mother died. Tilo recognizes that the source of these misfortunes is her breaking of the rules. The First Mother comes to her in a vision and chastises her. She vows that she will return to India, and posts a notice about a closing sale. She goes all out to help her customers one last time and tells the Spices that she will spend just one night with Doug, and then she will give herself totally to them. She closes the store and goes off with Doug for the night. After a sweet night of romantic love-making, she leaves him a note that she must leave and cannot return, but she will always truly and deeply love him. Then she goes back to the store and sets the Spices on fire, with her at the center of the flames, as a sign of eternal servitude to the Spices. Doug comes searching for her, and finds the store devastated. But Tilo has not been burned after all; she is still there, alive and barely conscious. There is no sign of a fire, but there has been an earthquake. We see a vision of the First Mother sitting at the beach, telling her that because she demonstrated her willingness to give up everything for the Spices, now she can have everything she desires and the Spices will never desert her again. Doug agrees to help her rebuild the store, and she happily reunites with him.'] [" Lilies is set in a Quebec prison in 1952. Jean Bilodeau , the local bishop, is brought to the prison to hear the confession of Simon Doucet , a dying inmate. But Doucet in fact has a very different revelation for Bilodeau: he has enlisted his fellow inmates to stage a play set in 1912, when Bilodeau and Doucet were childhood friends.  Most of the film consists of the play within the film, presented by the inmates for Bilodeau and Doucet. Because it is taking place within a prison, the female roles are portrayed by the male prisoners. The young Bilodeau and Simon are performed by younger inmates . The play dramatizes a period during Bilodeau and Simon's childhood in Roberval, Quebec, when they were both coming to terms with their homosexuality. Simon has a romantic relationship with Vallier , while Bilodeau remains repressed and tries desperately to convince Simon to join the seminary with him. All three are involved in a school play dramatizing the martyrdom of Saint Sebastian, with Simon in the lead role. The St. Sebastian play's homoerotic undertones contribute to Bilodeau's sexual awakening, which involves an unrequited love for Simon. Bilodeau recognizes the nature of the relationship between Simon and Vallier, and confronts them one afternoon after the rehearsal of the St. Sebastian play. Simon and Vallier attack and subdue Bilodeau, so that Simon can engage him in a derisively passionate kiss. In the middle of the kiss, Vallier's mother, the Countess de Tilly  enters the arena, forcing Simon to break off the kiss and flee. Vallier's mother  is unperturbed at what she has seen, and has Vallier escort her to the arrival of a Parisian aristocrat arriving in a hot air balloon. Simon's father is also at the arrival, where Vallier's mother unwittingly reveals to him that she saw his son passionately kissing Bilodeau. In a rage, Mr. Doucet finds Simon and brutally beats him, to the point where he must find medical attention for his wounds. He chooses to see a Parisian doctor staying at the hotel in town , and he meets Lydie-Anne , a young Parisian baroness. Because of the beating, Simon renounces his love for Vallier and appears to fall in love with Lydie-Ann, eventually becoming engaged to her. However, Vallier's mother, encourages Vallier to attend the engagement party and declare his love for Simon. At the party, it becomes apparent that Simon never stopped loving Vallier and was only using Lydie-Ann to pass as heterosexual. Because her feelings are hurt, Lydie-Ann reveals to Vallier's mother that her estranged husband is living happily in Paris with a new wife and child. She also tells her that she came to Roberval on the recommendation of Vallier's father, and while he mentioned structures and the landscape of the town, he never once spoke of the wife or child he left behind there. After the party, Simon and Vallier meet for one last romantic encounter. Afterwards, Vallier's mother says that she will be going to Paris, and invites Simon and Vallier to see her off. Instead, she leads them to a place in the woods, where she lies down in a shallow grave and has Vallier strangle her to death. Bilodeau witnesses the murder, and is spurred to confess his love for Simon. When rejected, he sets fire to the room where Vallier and Simon are staying and locks the door, so that they cannot escape. Because there are no windows and no other way to ventilate the space, the two young men are soon overcome by the smoke and heat. Bilodeau is remorseful and returns in time to drag Simon to safety, but leaves Vallier in the room. Bilodeau falsely tells the policemen who have arrived on the scene that Vallier is already dead, so they do not go back to save him, and he perishes in the flames.  The play reveals that Vallier's murder is the crime for which Simon Doucet was falsely arrested and convicted. Thus, the play was designed not as Doucet's confession of his sins, but a ploy to extract a confession of guilt from Bilodeau. As a result, Bilodeau asks Doucet to kill him, but Doucet refuses."] ['In 1987, Latif Yahia , an Iraqi soldier fighting in the Iran–Iraq War, is called to become a "fedai"  for Uday Hussein , the playboy son of Iraqi president Saddam Hussein . Latif comes from an upper-class family and had attended school with Uday, where the other students would remark on their likeness. Latif initially refuses the position, but is imprisoned and tortured, ultimately relenting when his family is threatened. Latif undergoes minor cosmetic surgery to perfect his resemblance to Uday and practices emulating the young Hussein\'s mannerisms and wildly volatile persona. He is given access to all of the luxurious benefits of the Husseins\' fortune, including massive palaces, expensive wardrobes and Uday\'s Ferrari and various other exotic cars. Latif tries to resist Uday\'s exorbitant merrymaking and erratic behavior, at one point fleeing a nightclub in another of Uday\'s Ferraris to attempt to see his family, who believe he has died in the war. However, he is apprehended by Uday\'s bodyguards and beaten. After an appearance at a conference with several Kuwaiti leaders, an attempt is made on Uday\'s  life, apparently by a member of a rebel opposition group, possibly a Kurd. The real Uday, though, is more concerned with the Kuwaitis, who he believes have been slant drilling from Iraq\'s Rumaila oil field. The First Gulf War is launched with Uday proclaiming "The Age of the Sheikhs is over!" Uday\'s increasingly violent, sadistic tendencies are displayed when he kidnaps a 14-year-old school girl and forces her to escort him to a party. At the party, based on an actual 1988 celebration honoring Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak\'s wife Suzanne, Uday becomes enraged with his father\'s personal bodyguard Kamel Hana Gegeo . Uday believes Gegeo facilitated an affair between Saddam and Samira Shahbandar, which devastated his mother, Sajida Talfah, and he also expresses jealousy at the trust his father places in Kamel Hana. When Gegeo passes sarcastic comments about Uday\'s sexual advances towards his young victim, Uday butchers him with an electric carving knife in front of all of the guests. The next morning, Uday\'s bodyguards are seen dumping the naked, beaten body of the young girl. Latif, acting as Uday, is later sent to Basra to rally support among Republican Guard soldiers as Coalition forces have taken control of the war. At Basra, another attempt is made on Latif\'s life. To Uday\'s great concern, Latif nearly loses a pinky in the assault, which presumably would mean Uday would have to have his amputated to maintain their resemblance, but doctors are able to save Latif\'s finger. Later, Latif is confronted by the father of the young girl Uday killed. Uday eavesdrops on the conversation and is outraged by the man\'s pleas for "justice" and "compassion." Uday orders Latif to kill the man, but Latif refuses and instead slits his own wrists, to Uday\'s amusement. After Latif recovers, he confronts Uday at his birthday party. The confrontation escalates to a shootout and Latif escapes in Uday\'s Mercedes with Uday\'s lover, Sarrab . The two escape to Malta, but Sarrab, fearing for her daughter in Iraq, calls Uday begging for the chance to return without being harmed. A would-be assassin sent by Uday just misses shooting Latif almost as soon as they arrive on the island. Uday calls Latif and offers him one final chance to return to Iraq, threatening to kill his father if he refuses. Latif\'s father encourages him not to return and he is killed. However, Latif does return to Iraq, not to continue to serve as Uday\'s double, but rather to kill him, with the help of a man whose bride killed herself after being raped and beaten by Uday on their wedding day. In an adapted version of the attempt on Uday\'s life made by the 15th Shaaban in 1996, Latif and his partner ambush Uday while he is attempting to lure young girls into his Porsche. They wound him severely, including–consistent with unconfirmed reports of the real-life attack–mangling his genitals with a direct shot. One of Uday\'s bodyguards catches up to Latif as he flees the scene. The guard, however, is one who Latif could have killed as he fled from Uday\'s birthday party before leaving the country but spared, and the guard extends him the same courtesy. The movie ends by stating that Latif has been a very difficult man to find after these events. Uday was permanently handicapped by the attack but survived until his killing by the U.S. forces in 2003.'] ['While picking up his son and daughter for a weekend visit, Jack  tells his estranged wife Adrienne  that he still "loves her" and wants to move back home.  Adrienne suggests that his remorse is due to his falling out with the other woman, but in any event says she needs time and space to think. The rift that this causes between the daughter and her mother is palpable. Typical teenage angst and rebellion follow and Adrienne is sure she is losing her daughter over the events that are unfolding in her marriage. Adrienne drives to Rodanthe, North Carolina, to look after a friend\'s bed-and-breakfast for the weekend while she\'s away. The house is rustic, romantic, and right on the beach, and partially in the surf at high tide. The only guest for the weekend, Paul , is a very TYPE A personality surgeon who arrives at the inn with his own emotional baggage. He has flashbacks of a surgery which ended tragically. The family of the patient, who live in Rodanthe, is suing him. The husband wrote to Paul asking to speak to him; this is what brings him to Rodanthe. A storm moves in and the two team up to protect the inn. They dine together, share stories, and eventually turn to each other for emotional comfort. A genuine romance is born. With Adrienne’s advice and moral support, Paul opens up to the patient\'s widower and in doing so faces his own pain. Paul carries guilt for passing up a relationship with his son in favor of his career, but with he had decided to go down to South America to salvage his relationship with his son. Paul is now very reluctant to leave Adrienne and Rodanthe but he knows that he must go to his estranged son Mark  who left his stressful practice with his workaholic dad to become a physician there . During their separation, Adrienne and Paul exchange numerous handwritten letters expressing their longing to be with each other once again. On the evening that Adrienne and Paul were to finally reunite, he was a no show! Adrienne was unable to determine if he caught his flight back from South America from the Airlines. Unfortunately, Paul had been killed in a flash mudslide. His son, Mark, arrives at Adrienne\'s door the following day with a box of Paul\'s personal belongings, as well as gratitude to Adrienne for "giving him back the father he knew when he was a child". Adrienne is seen struggling, for what appears to be days or weeks, with a nearly unbearable grief. Eventually, her daughter is able to coax the story from her mother. This is a turning point for their relationship and it allows Adrienne to begin to deal with her loss. She tells her daughter the story of a very special type of love and encourages her daughter to seek that out for herself someday. Adrienne finally is granted a respite from her heart-rending sadness when, during a solitary sojourn along the beach on a strikingly beautiful day, she looks up to see a small herd of magnificent wild horses go thundering on by her. She, her children and her best friend walk down to the dock where Adrienne and Paul had danced, and Adrienne was finally able to kiss Paul goodbye.'] ['The film begins with Ron Kovic\'s childhood during a summer in Massapequa, New York. He plays war in the woods, attends a Fourth of July parade, plays and wins at a local neighborhood baseball game, and watches President John F. Kennedy\'s inaugural address, which later inspires him to enlist in the Marines. After Ron Kovic and his classmates hear an impassioned lecture about the Marine Corps, Ron decides to enlist. He misses his prom because he is unable to secure a date with his love interest, Donna. He confronts her at the prom and has a dance with her on his last night before leaving. The film then moves to Kovic\'s second Vietnam tour in October 1967. Now a Marine sergeant and on patrol, his unit massacres a village of Vietnamese citizens, believing them to be enemy combatants. During the retreat, Kovic becomes disoriented and accidentally shoots one of the new arrivals to his platoon, a younger Marine private first class, named Wilson. Despite the frantic efforts of the Navy Corpsmen present who try to save him, Wilson later dies from his wounds, leaving a deep impression on Kovic. Overwhelmed by guilt, Kovic appeals to his executive officer , who merely tells him to forget the incident. The meeting has a negative effect on Ron, who is crushed at being brushed off by his XO. The platoon goes out on another hazardous patrol in January 1968. During a firefight, Kovic is critically wounded and trapped in a field facing sure death, until a fellow Marine rescues him. Paralyzed from the mid-chest down, he spends several months recovering at the Bronx Veterans Administration hospital. The hospital living conditions are deplorable: rats crawl freely on the floors, the staff is generally apathetic to their patients\' needs, doctors visit the patients infrequently, drug use is rampant , and equipment is too old and ill-maintained to be useful. He desperately tries to walk again with the use of crutches and braces, despite repeated warnings from his doctors. However, he soon suffers a bad fall that causes a compound fracture of his thighbone. The injury nearly robs him of his leg, and he vehemently argues with the doctors who briefly consider resorting to amputation. Ron returns home, permanently in a wheelchair, with his leg intact. From the start, he notices how all his family and friends treat him differently now that he is paralyzed. He begins to alienate his family and friends, complaining about students staging anti-war rallies across the country and burning the American flag. Though he tries to maintain his dignity as a Marine, Ron gradually becomes disillusioned, feeling the effects of his paralysis on his life, and realizes that all the things he was taught from birth, like honor, patriotism, and courage, were illusions which he would give up any day to get his legs back. In Ron\'s absence, his younger brother Tommy has already become staunchly anti-war, remarking to Ron directly in his face what the war had done to him, leading to a rift between them. His highly religious mother also seems unable to deal with Ron\'s new attitude as a resentful, paralyzed veteran. His problems are as much psychological as they are physical and he quickly becomes alcoholic and belligerent. During an Independence Day parade, he shows signs of post-traumatic stress when firecrackers explode and when a baby in the crowd starts crying. He reunites with his old high school friend, Timmy Burns, who is also a wounded veteran, and the two spend Ron\'s birthday sharing war stories. Later, Ron goes to visit Donna at her college in Syracuse, New York. The two reminisce and she asks him to attend a vigil for the victims of the Kent State shootings. However, he cannot do so, because his chair prevents him from getting very far on campus because of curbs and stairways. He and Donna are separated after she and her fellow students are captured and taken away by the police at her college for demonstrating a protest against the Vietnam War. After returning home drunk one night after having a barroom confrontation with a World War II veteran who expresses no sympathy to Ron, Ron\'s disillusionment grows severe enough that he has an intense fight with his mother, yelling at her that there was no God, and that they murdered civilians in Vietnam in disregard of Christian morals. Ron travels to a small town in Mexico  that seems to be a haven for paralyzed Vietnam veterans. He has his first sexual experience with a prostitute he believes he\'s in love with. Ron wants to ask her to marry him but when he sees her with another customer, the realization of real love versus a mere physical sexual experience sets in, and he decides against it. Hooking up with another wheelchair-using veteran, Charlie, who is furious over a prostitute\'s mocking his lack of sexual function due to his paralysis, the two travel to what they believe will be a friendlier village. After annoying their taxicab driver, they end up stranded on the side of the road. They quarrel and fight about what each of them had really done in Vietnam, knocking each other out of their wheelchairs. Eventually, they are picked up by a man with a truck and eventually driven back to the "Village of the Sun". On his way back to Long Island, Ron makes a side trek to Georgia to visit the parents and family of Wilson, the Marine he accidentally killed during his tour. He tells them the real story about how their son died and confesses his guilt to them. Wilson\'s widow, now the mother of the deceased Marine\'s toddler son, admits that she cannot find it in her heart to forgive him for killing her husband, but adds that maybe God can. Wilson\'s parents, however, are more forgiving and even sympathetic to his predicament and suffering, because Wilson\'s father fought in the Pacific Theater during World War II and is disillusioned with the war in Vietnam. In spite of the mixed reactions he receives, the confession seems to lift a heavy weight from Ron\'s conscience. Ron joins Vietnam Veterans Against the War  and travels to the 1972 Republican National Convention in Miami. He and his compatriots force their way into the convention hall during Richard Nixon\'s acceptance speech and cause a commotion that makes it onto the national news. Ron himself tells a reporter about his negative experiences in Vietnam and the VA hospital conditions, that the Vietnam war is wrong, and tells him that the Vietnamese people are a proud people fighting against the US for their independence, fueling rage from the surrounding Nixon supporters. His interview is cut short when guards eject him and his fellow vets from the hall and attempt to turn them over to the police. They manage to break free from the police, regroup, and charge the hall again, though not so successfully this time. The film ends with Kovic\'s speaking at the 1976 Democratic National Convention, shortly after the publication of his autobiography, Born on the Fourth of July.'] ["Dr. Susan Wheeler  is a surgical resident at Boston Memorial Hospital. Wheeler is devastated when her best friend is pronounced brain dead and ends up in a coma after minor surgery at the hospital. Looking at the records, Susan finds that over the previous year a number of other fit young people have ended up the same way. She comes across two similarities to the cases: they all took place in the same operating theatre , and all the comatose bodies were moved to a remote facility called the Jefferson Institute. She continues to investigate, increasingly alone, starting to wonder if she can trust even her own boyfriend, Dr. Mark Bellows . Eventually she discovers that the Jefferson Institute is a front for black market organ sales, where the patients organs are sold to the highest bidder. Boston Memorial is in on this, purposely inducing comas in patients whose organs match those of potential buyers. The patients are rendered brain dead via covert carbon monoxide poisoning, through a pipe that leads from the basement to the OR. Susan's investigation then reveals the mastermind behind all of it - Dr. George Harris  , Chief of Surgery, who she has been confiding in all along. Dr. Harris tries to stop Susan from exposing the truth, and attempts to render her brain dead with carbon monoxide in operating room eight, under the pretext of performing a appendectomy. However Dr. Bellows, now having realized the truth as well, manages to find and disconnect the pipe before it can poison Susan. The movie ends with Susan awake, being wheeled out of the operating room holding Dr. Bellows hand. Meanwhile Dr. Harris stands defeated in the operating room, as two police officers wait outside to arrest him."] ["Starting in 1951, Faye Price is a famous Hollywood actress who, while entertaining the troops during the Korean War, falls in love with Ward Thayer, a rich heir. Seven years later, they are married, with four children. Ward loses his job and considers suicide, but Faye offers to start acting again. Originally, this upsets Ward, because he wasn't fond of moving to Fairfax, California. On the set of her new movie, the director and producer fight each other and the director eventually leaves the set. Faye offers to direct the scene herself. At first, nobody thinks she will be able to, but she turns out to direct the scene with a lot of success. She is soon offered directing jobs at television series, including Zane Grey Theater. Meanwhile, her home life is less fortunate. Ward has been depressed since going bankrupt and he has started an affair. When Faye finds out, she immediately kicks him out of the house. However, she soon agrees to give him another chance and they decide to work together on films as director and producer. Their film debut becomes a blockbuster success with positive reviews and she is contracted by Universal. Years later, their children have grown up. Lionel is a student, hoping to be a photographer one day, Greg is still in school and wants to become a football player, Valerie is an actress waiting for her big break and Anne is the quiet youngest sister. Greg admits his grades aren't good enough and that he dropped out of school to join the army. Lionel shocks his parents by admitting he is homosexual. Faye is surprised, but accepts the news. Ward, however, is outraged and cuts him out of his life, with forbidding his other children to ever contact him again. Anne is furious and decides to run away. Faye is devastated, but can't afford to quit her job and look for her. Soon, Greg announces he will serve for the army in Vietnam. The entire family comes together to say goodbye, but Ward refuses to speak to Lionel. Later, Faye receives a phone call from the police, informing her that Anne has been arrested for drug possession. Faye picks her up and is shocked to find out she is pregnant. Ward convinces her to try to make her give up her child. Anne is in tears after giving birth, but reluctantly agrees to give up the baby for adoption. Tragedy reaches the Thayer family when it is announces that Greg died in Da Nang, only a few days before peace was declared. At the funeral, Ward finally acknowledges his now only son Lionel, but still has trouble accepting that he is gay. Meanwhile, Faye is nominated for an Oscar. Valerie is jealous of her mother's success and they get into a fight when she announces she dropped out of UCLA for the lead role in a cheap horror film, for which she is required to go nude. The Oscar nomination takes all of Faye's time. This makes Anne feel very neglected and she starts to hang out at her friend's place a lot. During this time, she bonds with the father of this family, Bill O'Hara. Faye finally decides to forgive Ward and they reunite. Soon, the Thayer family deal with a second tragedy, when Lionel and his boyfriend John get into a car accident. Lionel survives, but John dies. He has trouble dealing with his loss and spends all his time working as a photographer. Later, Anne upsets her parents by admitting she is dating the much older Bill. Ward is furious and confronts Bill with the fact he is seeing a 17-year-old girl. However, Anne and Bill are still determined to marry and it doesn't take long before she gets pregnant again. Meanwhile, Valerie finally gets her big break, when she is given the second lead role in her mother's newest film project. The lead player, George Waterson, at first treats her badly, because he thinks she is a horrible actress. However, she eventually wins his heart and they start a secret relationship. Lionel finds love as well, with Paul Steel, a drug addicted actor who was recently fired. In the end, the movie directed by Faye and starring Valerie becomes a great success and Val enjoys her overnight stardom. Later, Anne gives birth to a son. The labor and baby reminds me of her first pregnancy and she blames her mother for having given up her first baby. Ten years later, Val makes Anne realize that Faye was actually a great mother, but didn't have a lot of time. Anne tries to apologize, but she is too afraid. Suddenly, Faye dies. Anne feels guilty for not having apologized, but Ward assures her that Faye knew how much she loved her."] ['In the film\'s prologue, a hotelier ushers a child into a bomb shelter during the Liverpool Blitz. We see a brief flashback to a woman leaving her baby in a basement surrounded by flickering candles. Before departing from the house, she quickly drops a string of pearls on the child\'s pillow, twined around a single rose. Years later, 16-year-old Stella Bradshaw  lives in a working class household with her Uncle Vernon ([[Alun Armstrong  and Aunt Lily  in Liverpool. Lacking an adult in her life that she feels close to, she frequently goes into phone booths to speak with her mother, who never appears in the film. Stella has no interest in schoolwork and her uncle, who sees a theatrical career as being her only alternative to working behind the counter at Woolworth’s, signs her up for speech lessons and pulls the strings to get her involved at a regional playhouse. After an unsuccessful audition, Stella gets a job gofering for Meredith Potter , the troupe\'s sleazy, eccentric director. The impressionable Stella develops a crush on the worldly, self-absorbed Potter, whose homosexuality completely eludes her. Potter reveals himself to be a cruel, apathetic man who treats Stella and everyone else around him with scorn and condescension and has a long history of exploiting young men. His latest dalliance is with Geoffrey ([[Alan Cox , another teenage apprentice. Stella is quickly caught up in the backstage intrigue and also becomes the object of passes from several men surrounding the theatre company, among them P.L. O\'Hara , a brilliant actor who has returned to the troupe for a stint playing Captain Hook in its Christmas production of Peter Pan. In keeping with theatrical tradition, O\'Hara also doubles in the role of Mr. Darling.  O\'Hara carries himself with grace and charisma, but privately is as troubled and disillusioned as the other members of the cast. Haunted by his wartime experiences and a lost love , O\'Hara embarks on an affair with Stella, to whom he feels an inexplicably deep emotional connection. Stella, who still has her mind set on winning Potter\'s favor, remains emotionally detached but takes advantage of O\'Hara\'s affections, seeing it as an opportunity to gain sexual experience. Disturbed by Stella\'s pursuance of the abusive Potter, O\'Hara visits her aunt and uncle, who fill him in on Stella\'s history. He soon finds out that Stella\'s long-missing mother was his lost love, whom he then knew by the nickname Stella Maris, making Stella — who he\'s been sleeping with — his child, a daughter rather than the son he had imagined. Keeping his discovery to himself, O\'Hara gets on his motorcycle and drives back out to the seaport. Distracted, he slips on the wet gangplank, hits his head and is pitched into the water. Potter takes on the role of Captain Hook for the last performance. Stella is later seen hastening to the phone booth to confide her woes over the phone to "her mother" — as has been her habit throughout the film. We are suddenly reminded that the absent Stella Maris had years ago won a nationwide contest to be the voice of the speaking clock. It is her recorded voice that provides the only response to her daughter\'s confidences.'] ['The Odom family lives in a large, white, Southern house in Mount Pleasant, South Carolina, just off Pitt Street, looking out onto Charleston Harbor. Lucille Odom  is nearing the end of her last year of high school when her mother, Helen Odom , leaves the family, breaking all ties. Lucille is left to care for her recently retired father, Warren Odom . The family then spends the summer trying to get their lives together, which is complicated when the older daughter of the family, Rae , moves back home with a new husband  and a new baby on the way, about which Rae has mixed feelings. While reminiscing about their mother Rae tells Lucille that their mother tried to abort Lucille when she was pregnant. Warren notices his daughters in a new and different way now that his wife is gone and he is no longer working. Everything changes for Lucille as she comes-of-age and learns about her family in new ways.'] ["15-year-old Tracey Berkowitz  is naked under a tattered shower curtain at the back of a bus, looking for her little brother Sonny , who thinks he's a dog. Tracey's journey leads into the dark underbelly of the city, into the emotional cesspool of her home, through the brutality of her high school, the clinical cat-and-mouse games with her shrink and her soaring fantasies of Billy Zero  - her rock and roll saviour. Her travels also put her in contact with the seedier inhabitants of the city, like Lance , her would-be saviour who ultimately puts her life in jeopardy. Tracey's stories begin to intertwine truth with lies, and hope with despair, as she moves closer to the truth of Sonny's disappearance."] ['November 1959. Perry Smith ([[Robert Blake  and "Dick" Hickock ([[Scott Wilson  concoct a plan to invade the home of the Clutter family, as Mr. Clutter supposedly keeps a large supply of cash on-hand in a safe. While the two criminals felt that their plan for the robbery was sound, it quickly unravels, resulting in the murder of Mr. and Mrs. Clutter, as well as their two teenage children. The bodies are discovered the next day, and a police investigation is immediately launched. As the investigation builds, the two wanted men continue to elude law enforcement by heading south and crossing into Mexico, but after a while they return and decide to travel to Las Vegas to win some money at gambling; there they are arrested for parole violation, being in possession of a stolen car and passing bad checks. The police separately interrogate the two men about the Clutter murders. Both Smith and Hickock admit to their check bouncing offenses, but deny knowing anything about the murders. Next the police confront them with evidence, such as a bloody footprint matching the boots worn by one of the men , but they are slowed by Smith\'s refusal to provide answers. The police claim that another mistake made by the men is that they left a witness. Finally, Hickock confesses and states that he does not want to be executed for the crime, claiming that Smith committed all of the murders. When Smith learns that Hickock confessed, he claims that it was Hickock who killed the entire family, not he. Smith and Hickock are both found guilty of the crime and sentenced to be hanged. A representation of their final moments and their execution are presented at the conclusion of the film. The story of the murders are told in flashback, or analepsis, after the arrest of the suspects.'] ['In London, a serial killer is raping women and strangling them with neckties. Most of the film takes place in Covent Garden, which at the time was still the wholesale fruit and vegetable market district. Fairly early in the film, the audience sees that fruit merchant Robert Rusk ([[Barry Foster  is in fact the murderer. However, circumstantial guilt has already built up around his friend, Richard Blaney . Blaney\'s ex-wife Brenda  runs a matchmaking service that Rusk used until he was blacklisted for beating up his dates. One day, Rusk shows up at her office and tries to seduce her; when she spurns his advances, he rapes and strangles her in a fit of rage. Suspicion falls on Blaney, who had earlier threatened her in public. The subsequent murder of Blaney\'s girlfriend, Barbara "Babs" Milligan , occurs off-screen: the audience sees her entering Rusk\'s apartment with him, but the camera then pulls back down the stairs all the way out to the other side of the street. The audience next sees Rusk at night carrying a large sack and lifting it into the back of a lorry among sacks of unsold potatoes bound for Lincolnshire. Rusk soon finds that his distinctive jeweled tie pin  is missing, and realises that Babs must have torn it off as he was murdering her. He climbs into the back of the lorry, but it starts off on its journey north. The killer desperately scrabbles through the sack of potatoes to find the dead woman\'s hand. Rigor mortis has set in, and he has to break her fingers in order to prise the pin from her grasp. Blaney is jailed, while protesting his innocence. Chief Inspector Oxford , the detective investigating the murders, reconsiders the previous events and begins to believe that he has arrested the wrong man. He discusses the case with his wife  in several scenes of black humour concerning her ineptitude as a cook. Blaney escapes from prison. Oxford knows he will head to Rusk\'s flat for revenge, and immediately goes there. Before this, Blaney arrives to find that the door to the flat is unlocked. He creeps in and sees what appears to be Rusk asleep in bed; he strikes the body twice with a metal bar. However, we see that the body is in fact the corpse of another of Rusk\'s female victims. Oxford bursts through the door. Blaney is still standing by the corpse holding the metal bar. They hear Rusk carrying something large and heavy up the staircase, so the two men wait in the flat. When Rusk enters, he is dragging a large trunk to cart away the body. The film ends with Oxford\'s urbane but pointed comment, "Mr. Rusk, you\'re not wearing your tie."'] ['While vacationing in Italy, Nick Morell , son of John Morell , a famous English philosopher and amateur musician and his wife Catherine , becomes friendly with young Guido , and Morell discovers the boy has an extraordinary instinct for orchestration and a phenomenal music memory. A neighboring couple, Signor and Signora Boudini  become aware of the boy\'s talents, and she appeals to his parents to let her educate him musically. Torn by their love for their son and, they feel,the duty to let the world hear his talent, they consent. The boy is tutored by Dr. Lorenzo ([[John Slater . Signora Bondini denies the boy all contact with his parents and everyone else except her. She also has neither sent his letters to his family, nor let him see the ones they\'ve sent to him. He becomes phenomenally successful and makes the grand tour of Europe as Signora Bondini is enraptured by the acclaim given her through her "discovery" of the boy. She prepares to take him to America and also prepares adoption papers.'] ["A former family man and pianist studying at Juilliard music school, Romulus Ledbetter , now suffers from paranoid schizophrenia and lives in a cave in Inwood Park, New York. He believes that a man named Cornelius Gould Stuyvesant is controlling the world with rays from the top of the Chrysler Building, and that his mind is inhabited by moth-like seraphs. On Valentine’s Day, he discovers the frozen body of a young man, Scotty Gates , left in a tree outside his cave. The police, including Romulus's daughter Lulu , dismiss the man's death as accident however, a homeless ex-lover of Scotty tells Romulus that he was murdered by the famous photographer David Leppenraub . Determined to discover the truth behind Scotty’s death and prove his worth to his daughter, Romulus manages to get an invitation through a former friend to perform one of his compositions at Leppenraub’s farm. What unfolds thereafter is a twisted tale of mystery, deception, and a man's struggle against his own mind."] ['A Gainesville, Florida auto upholsterer George Gattling, played by Paul Giamatti, is a man out of place in the world and out of place in his own skin. Gattling attempts to transcend his mundane life by training a wild red-tailed hawk. He owns University Custom Auto Shop and is the disgruntled patriarch of his family: his divorced sister, Precious, and her 20-year-old autistic son, Fred. He\'s also the unwitting case study of a "life-gone-wrong" for Betty, a young psychology student who works in the auto shop. Gattling dreams of capturing and training hawks. It is an ancient art that requires precision  and extremes . It is the obsession he shares with Fred. In the quiet pre-dawn tracking of the birds, Gattling feels like a man temporarily freed from the absurdity of civilized life. After several years of failed attempts, George and his nephew Fred capture the most magnificent bird they have ever seen—the red-tailed hawk. That night, Fred dies in a freak accident, drowning in his water bed. Grief-stricken, George sees his only chance to survive tied together with this bird. He becomes determined to tame her &mdash; meaning that he will not eat or sleep, nor will she, until it\'s all over. At his weakest moment, he locks himself into a battle of wills with the only creature on earth that would rather die than succumb. To the rest of the world, it appears George has gone mad; the closer he gets to achieving success, the crazier his family thinks he\'s become. Betty is the only one who realizes that George must take himself to the bottom to truly be saved. She watches as George is released into a world where the senses are awakened and emotions are unchecked—a world where one can see and feel the "blood of things". {{Citation needed}}'] ['The film traces the sexual awakening of Theresa Dunn, a young teacher searching for excitement outside of her mundane existence. Suffering with severe body image issues and a sense of inadequacy following a childhood surgery that left a large scar on her back, Irish American Theresa finds first love with her older, married university professor, who ends the affair as her time in college comes to an end. The end of the affair leaves Theresa feeling used, and she begins daydreaming about being reunited with her professor. Theresa enters the sexual revolution of the 1970s feeling confused, as she is simultaneously repelled and attracted to the sexual experimentation she witnesses going on around her. Although she continues to teach by day, developing a reputation as a gifted and caring teacher to deaf children, at night she goes clubbing at a series of increasingly seedy bars, picking up men for one-night stands. The recreational sexual encounters slowly become an addiction, as Theresa begins pursuing more dangerous men with violent sexual proclivities to enhance her "high". She views her one night stands with shady low-lifes as a way to provide excitement and adventure to her otherwise boring and ordinary existence. An encounter with an Italian thug named Tony  develops into a nascent relationship, and the two begin regularly meeting for increasingly rough and dangerous sex, culminating in Tony\'s introduction of a switchblade knife into their sex play. Meanwhile, Theresa attempts to date a welfare case worker named James, whom her family holds up as the paragon of Irish-American youth. The relationship quickly falters, as James turns out to be just as shallow and emotionally manipulative as Tony. Theresa ultimately breaks up with Tony, who then stalks her, including harassing her outside the school where she works until the older brother of one of her students beats him up. With the new year approaching, Theresa resolves to leave her clubbing behind and take control of her life. Seeking one final hookup on New Year\'s Eve, Theresa picks up a man named Gary, who turns out to be a sexually confused war veteran. At Theresa\'s apartment, Gary finds himself unnable to attain an erection. Misreading Theresa\'s frustration as her questioning his sexuality, Gary attacks her and begins beating and raping her. After Theresa screams "Do it!" Gary stabs her to death. Theresa\'s dead face drifts farther away from the screen and into a black void as the film ends.'] ['Laevsky is a Russian aristocrat employed by the civil service who is careless about his work, mostly drinking and playing cards. He lives with Nadya, a woman he seduced away from her husband. He receives a letter telling him her husband has died, but does not tell Nadya. He has come to the realisation that he has never loved Nadya and fears having to marry her. He is in debt and trying to find ways to escape his situation, and becomes increasingly irritable. Nadya is neglected and distracts herself flirting with other men which leads to trouble. Captain Kirilin is insistent that he will not be ignored, although she has moved on to other men. Kirilin requires her to meet him or he will cause a scandal. Nadya cries and regretting the way Kirikin is offensive and begged him for not pursuing her to sleep with him but she gave up and asked Kirilin "where?". Laevsky found out that Nadya has slept with Kirikin after he got a message that someone important wants to see him. He followed the messenger only to realize that he has been dragged to witness the scene of sex between Nadya and Kirilin. {{Expand section}}'] ["Three rookie cops, Roy Fehler, Gus Plebesly and Sergio Duran, report for duty with the Los Angeles police department. Roy is married with a daughter and intends to eventually become a law student. Gus is a father of three. Serge is a native of East L.A. who never expected to end up patrolling its streets. Each is assigned a veteran partner. Roy's is the greatly experienced Andy Kilvinski, who has been on the force for nearly a quarter-century and has his own unique style of law enforcement. For example, he will have hookers driven around for hours in a paddy wagon, simply to keep them off the streets for a night. Gus rides with Whitey Duncan. As they answer a burglary call at a market, Gus opens fire on a suspicious figure in the alley, only to discover to his horror that it is the owner of the store. Roy begins to frustrate his wife Dorothy by becoming obsessed with police work, neglecting his family and dropping out of law school. He likes the life on the street, but during a convenience store holdup, Roy asks a parked couple to move their car and is unexpectedly shot with a shotgun. Gus and Serge discuss their fear of being shot. Serge temporarily partners with Andy, and together they handle a volatile situation with a slum landlord. Roy gradually recovers and quickly encounters a shootout, but doesn't flinch. As the rookies mark a year on the job, Andy reaches his 25th anniversary and mandatory retirement. He discusses the difficulties of police work at a farewell party with the younger men. Roy is assigned to the vice squad, where the job is anything but glamorous. Dorothy has had enough. She leaves him and takes their daughter. The young cops are delighted to get a visit from Andy, who has retired to Florida but misses police work, regretting never having spent more time on a personal life. After speaking with Roy one last time on the phone, Andy picks up a gun and kills himself. Depression gets the better of Roy, who begins to drink on the job. He answers a burglary call and the victim turns out to be Lorrie, a nurse who helped him after he got shot. Later on patrol, a prostitute speeds off with Roy hanging from the car. He barely avoids serious injury and Lorrie helps patch him up, but he draws a three-week suspension for being drunk. Roy begins seeing Lorrie socially and comes to his senses, appreciating the need for personal relationships and remembering what led Andy to end his life. He goes on a routine patrol with both Gus and Serge and answers a domestic disturbance report. A man appears out of nowhere, and before Serge can disarm him, Roy is shot. He dies in Gus's arms."] ["In the present, siblings Michael and Carolyn arrive at the Iowa farmhouse of Francesca Johnson, their recently-deceased mother, to see about the settlement of their mother's estate. As they go through the contents of her safe deposit box and the will, they are baffled to discover that their mother left very specific instructions that her body be cremated and her ashes thrown off the nearby Roseman Covered Bridge, which is not in accordance with the burial arrangements they had known from their parents. Michael initially refuses to comply, while Carolyn discovers a set of photos of her mother and a letter. She manages to convince Michael to set aside his initial reaction so they can read the documents she has discovered. Once alone, they go through a series of letters from a man named Robert Kincaid addressed to their mother, revealing that he had an affair with her in 1965. The siblings find their way to a chest where their mother left a letter, a series of diaries and other mementos. They discover their mother, an Italian war bride, had had a four-day affair with Robert Kincaid, a photographer who had come to Madison County, Iowa to shoot a photographic essay for National Geographic on the covered bridges in the area.{{cite web}} The affair took place while her husband and children were away at the Illinois State Fair. The story in the diaries also reveals the impact the affair had on Francesca and Robert’s lives, since they almost elope, but she stops at the last minute in consideration of a bigger picture that includes the consequences on the lives of her children and husband, while he finds meaning and his true calling as an artist. The story also has deep consequences on the lives of Michael and Carolyn, both of whom are facing marital issues, but their mother’s story helps them to find a sense of direction in their lives. At the end the Johnson siblings agree to their mother’s request."] ["{{Plot|dateSummer's BeginningBridget VreelandLena KaligarisTibby RollinsCarmen LowellSummer's End Brian breaks up with Effie to reunite with Tibby. Effie is upset, and steals the Pants and takes them to Greece to visit her grandmother, but loses them. The girls fight about whether the pants are worth saving. Lena travels to Greece to find them, and the Sisterhood follow to help and to reunite her with Kostos. She is frightened, but her friends convince her. The girls are unable to find the Pants, but the summer ends with a renewal of their commitment to each other."] ['Belles on Their Toes recounts the story of the Gilbreth family after the death of efficiency expert Frank Gilbreth, husband of Dr. Lillian Gilbreth and father to twelve children.'] ['John Dawson, a steel-mill owner loses his legs and his company in an accident engineered by his crooked secretary/treasurer, Jim Marley. After meeting a blind peddler, Marchant, he travels the country, under an assumed name, organizing beggars, peddlers, and the handicapped into a dues-paying system.'] [" The story is set in Paris ten years before Columbus discovered America. Quasimodo is a deformed  bell-ringer of the famous Cathedral of Notre Dame in Paris. His master, Jehan Frollo, the evil brother of the saintly archdeacon, Dom Claude Frollo, prevails upon the hunchback to kidnap the fair Esmeralda, the adopted daughter of Clopin, who is the king of the oppressed beggars of Paris' underworld. The dashing Captain Phoebus rescues her from Quasimodo, while Jehan escapes and leaves him. Phoebus is entranced by Esmeralda, and takes her under his wing. Quasimodo is sentenced to be lashed in the public square. As he suffers under the sting of the whip, Esmeralda pities him, and brings him water. Quasimodo later hates Jehan for betraying him.  Jehan and Clopin both learn that Phoebus plans to wed Esmeralda. Clopin leads the beggars into the house of Phoebus' fiance, where Phoebus has brought Esmeralda and disguised her as royalty. Clopin demands Esmeralda be returned, and Phoebus only does so after Esmeralda says that she does not belong with the aristocracy. However, Esmeralda sends him a note, to say goodbye to him a last time. During their meeting in Notre Dame, Jehan stabs and wounds Phoebus and lays the blame on Esmeralda. She is sentenced to death, but is rescued from the gallows by Quasimodo and takes refuge in the cathedral, where Dom Claude invokes the sacred right of sanctuary, protecting her from arrest. Clopin leads the whole of the underworld to storm the cathedral that night, while crafty Jehan attempts to loot the treasure vaults. Quasimodo routs the invaders with rocks and torrents of molten lead, and kills Jehan by throwing him off the ramparts of Notre Dame. Just before he does, however, Jehan fatally stabs Quasimodo in the back with his knife. Phoebus comes to the rescue and encounters Esmeralda. As she and Phoebus clasp each other to their hearts, Quasimodo rings his own death toll. Esmeralda and Phoebus leave without even noticing that Quasimodo is mortally wounded, but Dom Claude and Pierre Gringoire, a street poet, enter just in time to see him die. After ringing the bell, Quasimodo dies. The last image of the film is the great bell, swinging silently, holding the corpse of Quasimodo."] ['It\'s January 1964 in the period when American troops were euphemistically termed "military advisors" in Vietnam. Major Asa Barker  has been given this command: a poorly-manned outpost named Muc Wa in rural Vietnam somewhere near the Da Nang to Phnom Penh  highway that a decade earlier had been the scene of a massacre of French soldiers during the First Indochina War. Barker is a weary infantry veteran in his third war , who provides veteran supervision to a cadre of advisors attached to a group of South Vietnamese who garrison the deserted village of Muc Wa."Muc Wa" is a real Special Forces base in the Plain of Reeds, southern Vietnam. The name is pronounced "muc-hwa", but spelled "Muc Hoa". Barker, as a seasoned officer, knows that he cannot defend his position due to lack of numbers and the quality of his local troops. He is still obliged to carry out the orders of his superior, General Harnitz , who sends Barker U.S. re-enforcements to appease him. His command consists of a handful of U.S. soldiers  and some reluctant former Vietnamese paddy farmers turned militiamen. Barker is a capable commander who has ended his career by having an affair with a senior officer\'s wife. He argues that the hamlet is deserted and has no importance, but sends a detachment from his command. The detachment is commanded by the brash but nervous Lt. Hamilton, and includes veteran sergeant Oleonowski, who is suffering from battle fatigue, a drug-addicted medic, Cpl. Lincoln, and a young draftee, Cpl. Courcey, who quickly befriends an elderly native volunteer, nicknamed "Old Man". On their way to Muc Wa along a dirt road, the column is ambushed at a roadblock, resulting in ARVN Cpl. Cowboy capturing and beheading the lone Viet Cong attacker. On reaching the hamlet, Hamilton sets up his defenses in a triangular formation and receives supplies brought in by helicopter. At the rear of the hamlet is a graveyard of 302 French soldiers with a placard above the entrance that reads, in French, "Étrangers, dites aux Spartiates que nous demeurons ici par obéissance à leurs lois ", which refers to the Battle of Thermopylae. While he is investigating it, Courcey spots a one-eyed VC soldier, who is presumably a scout. Back at Barker\'s base, Barker receives a Psy-ops officer who claims that he will be able to predict which one of Barker\'s outposts the VC will attack next. During the following night Muc Wa is attacked by the VC, sustaining its first casualty when Lt. Hamilton is killed along with a few South Vietnamese soldiers. The next day, Sgt Oleonowski commits suicide rather than face the pressure of command. When Barker is informed of the deaths, he wants to pull his troops out now that they lack an experienced leader, but this request is refused by Harnitz, forcing Barker to send his own deputy to Muc Wa. When the psy-ops man predicts Muc Wa will be attacked, Barker contacts them by radio only to learn that they\'re under attack from the Viet Cong. True to Barker\'s predictions, the outpost is overwhelmed by the massive numbers of Viet Cong who number in the many thousands, not the few hundred predicted by the high command, and they are all well armed with various automatic weapons, not outdated rifles. Barker is order by Harnitz to withdraw the American troops, leaving behind the South Vietnamese troops, including the walking wounded. The idealistic Courcey refuses to leave the wounded, so Barker stays behind with him to help evacuate the remaining South Vietnamese troops and militiamen. This leaves Barker, Courcey, the Old Man and his fellow South Vietnamese militiamen at Muc Wa, and in the ensuing battle almost everyone is killed, including Barker who had stayed behind to cover their escape. The only American survivor is ironically the willing volunteer, Courcey, whose idealism and enthusiasm for the Vietnam War has now been killed along with all his comrades. He wakes up after the battle in the morning to find that everyone else is dead and the soldiers, including Barker, are stripped of their fatigues. The VC have withdrawn having left him for dead. As Courcey wanders to the grave site, he finds another survivor: the wounded, one-eyed VC scout that he saw earlier. The VC points his rifles at Courcey before dropping it out of exhaustion. Courcey says to the one-eyed VC, "I\'m going home, Charlie, if they\'ll let me" as he wanders off the grave site.'] ['Murder, homosexuality, nymphomania, and sadism are among the themes of this black comedy focusing on a brother and sister who become involved with a young, sexy, amoral drifter with a mysterious past. Kath is a lonely middle-aged woman living in the London suburbs with her ageing father Kemp, referred to as Da Da or the Da Da. When she meets the attractive Sloane sunbathing on a tombstone in the cemetery near her home, she invites him to become a lodger. Soon after he accepts her offer, Kath seduces him. Her closeted brother Ed makes him the chauffeur  of his pink 1959 Pontiac Parisienne convertible. Kemp, recognizing Sloane as the man who killed his boss years before, stabs him in the leg with a gardening tool. Sloane takes delight in playing brother against sister and tormenting the elderly man. He gets Kath pregnant and a jealous Ed warns him to stay away from her. When Sloane murders Kemp to protect his secret, they blackmail him by threatening to report him to the police unless he agrees to participate in a ménage à trois in which he becomes not only a sexual partner but their prisoner as well.'] ["On the island of Tutuila , a smoking, drinking, jazz listening, young prostitute named Sadie Thompson  arrives, claiming she is waiting for employment upon a ship. At the same time, 'moralists' arrive, including Mr. Davidson  and Mrs. Davidson . The characters all end up staying in the same hotel, where the Davidsons plot to teach the natives about sin and Sadie entertains a bunch of marines. Sadie begins to fall in love with Sergeant Timothy O'Hara , who isn’t fazed by her past. He tells her that he has a best friend who married a former prostitute and the couple now lives happily in Australia. Davidson sets about trying to 'redeem' Sadie, much to her disgust. She doesn't see why she should have to answer to him above anyone else; finding himself self-important. Davidson tricks her into telling him about her past in San Francisco and, once she refuses to repent, he declares that he will go to the Governor and have her deported. Sadie is terrified of the idea but O'Hara assures her that it won't happen. He tells her he wishes she would go to Australia and wait for his term of service to finish, after which they'll marry. This they both agree upon. Davidson gets his way, however, and Sadie is livid. She and O'Hara go to plead with the Governor, begging him to let her go to Australia instead of back to San Francisco. Once we find Davidson has also managed to get O'Hara punished for being immoral, we're told that Sadie will be able to go to Australia instead, but only if Davidson okays it. Davidson refuses and Sadie pleads, but to no avail. She eventually confesses that, if she goes back to San Francisco, there is 'a man there who won't let her go straight', which is what she wants to do. Davidson figures out this means that there is a warrant for her arrest back in San Francisco. Sadie claims that she was framed and is innocent, but it won't matter since, if she ends up in San Francisco, she'll have to go to prison nonetheless. Davidson still refuses, saying she must atone for her past. Sadie pleads and pleads and eventually offers to repent. Davidson, however, says that her offer of repentance doesn’t matter and that the only way to fully repent is for her to go to prison. Sadie runs to her room, crying out for Davidson. Davidson returns and Sadie confesses she is afraid. Davidson then tells her that, if she repents, there will be nothing to fear and he begins to pray with her. Sadie converts to Christianity. Three days later, we're told that Sadie has been praying the entire time. She has put away her old things and has become a modest woman. O'Hara returns and finds Davidson is gone, apparently 'trying to stop the locals from dancing on the beach'. O'Hara tells Sadie that he has a fishing boat waiting to take her and her things to a ship, that will then take her to Australia, where they can marry and be free. Sadie is extremely afraid and refuses to go, saying that 'old Sadie is dead' and she must go to San Francisco and prison, to repent. She fully relies and believes in Davidson now. O'Hara does everything he can, including forcibly taking her from the room, but Davidson is waiting outside. O'Hara tries to attack him but Sadie asks him not to, so he doesn’t. O'Hara, extremely upset, leaves and Sadie pleads with Davidson not to get him in trouble, for 'it was all her fault'. She has become childlike and dependent on Davidson. Later that night, Sadie is asleep and everyone else is heading to bed. Davidson can not sleep and goes out for a walk in the rain.  His wife says he can’t sleep for 'the unpleasant dreams he’s been having about Miss Thompson'. A fellow boarder suspects they aren’t 'all that unpleasant'. Outside, Davidson is struggling with himself and realizes that he is sexually attracted to Sadie and unable to handle it. He looks into her window and eventually is able to return inside to his room. Sadie, frightened because she heard noises, is waiting in Davidson's room. Davidson is shocked and sends her back to her room. Here the last reel is missing but the rest of the film apparently included Davidson jumping into the ocean and killing himself, unable to handle his conflicted passions. A fisherman finds his body. Sadie and O'Hara reconcile and head for Australia."] ['In Greentown, Illinois, a small town enjoying the innocence of an upcoming autumn as the days grow shorter, two young boys—reserved Will Halloway and somewhat rebellious Jim Nightshade—leave from an after-school detention for "whispering in class" and hurry off for home. When the boys hear about a strange traveling carnival, Mr. Dark\'s Pandemonium Carnival, from a lightning-rod salesman, they decide to see what it is all about, but Will is fearful, as most carnivals end their tours after Labor Day. When the ominous Mr. Dark, the Illustrated Man, rides into town on a dark midnight, setting up his massive carnival in a matter of seconds, the boys are both thrilled and terrified. It seems to be just another carnival at first, but it is not before long that the forces of darkness are manifesting from the haunting melodies of the carousel—which can change your age depending on which way you ride it—and from the glaring Mirror Maze. With his collection of freaks and oddities, such as the Fat Man, Mr. Electro, and the blind Dust Witch, Dark intends to take control of the town and seize more innocent souls to damn. It will take all the wit and hope of the two boys to save their families and friends, with aid from an unlikely ally, Will\'s father, the town librarian, who understands more than anyone else that "something wicked this way comes".'] ['The film tells the remarkable and sometimes harrowing story of four young men and the extremes they went to in order to capture their pictures in the crucial days prior to the downfall of Apartheid in South Africa.Tribute.ca: Steven Silver & Frank Rautenbach The Bang Bang Club Interview'] ['The Montelli family move into what they think would be the house of their dreams. However, after discovering that there is a tunnel leading into the house, an evil presence is shown to be lurking within, unknown to the family. After unusual and parnormal activities, like unknown bangings on the door, an ugly message on the youngest kids of the Montelli family\'s room\'s wall , the Montelli mother, Dolores  tries to have the local priest, Father Frank Adamsky , bless the house but he is driven away by her sacrilegious husband, Anthony , who is strict and abusive, before he can properly help. Soon afterward, the family go to church with Anthony, so he can "apologize" for being rude to Adamsky, but the Montelli\'s elder son, Sonny , stays as he is "not feeling well." He soon hears an alarming noise, and goes downstairs to get his father\'s gun, and hears laughter, following it, he then falls victim to demonic possession. Soon, a now possessed Sonny starts to have sexual feelings for his sister Patricia  and decides to "play a game" with her where he is a famous photographer and she is his model. She agrees and eventually ends up having sex with him. She goes to tell Father Adamsky this, but has a breakdown while telling him; Sonny becomes more sinister and like a demon, as his face starts turning into a demon like face, startled he tries to keep his family away, but is unsuccessful due to the possession by the demon, who usually contacts Sonny through his earphones. On Sonny\'s birthday he isolates from his birthday party, and calls Patricia who comes up to check on him. However, due to his demon phases and his body becoming more like a demon, he sends her away calling her a "damn bitch." Patricia runs away, crying, and tries to tell Adamsky that she thinks Sonny is possessed or something, but he doesn\'t answer. Instead, Dolores slaps Patricia after eavesdropping on them. Later that night, the evil spirit tells Sonny to "kill \'em" to which he goes and gets his father\'s gun, shoots his father, then his mother, his younger sister, his younger brother, and after a chase finally kills Patricia. The next day the cops have arrived and pick up the bodies; Sonny is arrested, but states he does not recall of ever killing his family, and is taken away. Adamsky then realizes that Sonny is possessed and asks the church if he can perform an exorcism on Sonny but they refuse, not believing him. He therefore takes it upon himself to free Sonny, and frees him from the prison and takes him to church where Sonny escapes after seeing the crosses on the doors. Adamsky soon runs after Sonny and traces him to the house, where he performs the exorcism, releasing Sonny\'s soul. As the cops arrive, Adamsky asks Father Tom  to take Sonny away from him, while Adamsky is revealed to be possessed. His whereabouts and what happens afterwards is unknown.'] ['{{copyedit}} A demonstration by nuclear weapons protesters  in London, England is interrupted when one of the protesters is violently killed. British security forces learn that a militant group attached to the CND plans a significant act of terrorism. The person killed during the protest demonstration was planted by the terrorists. The Commanding Officer of the Special Air Service, Colonel Hadley, prescribes a line of inquiry for the investigation. At the SAS\'s headquarters in Stirling Lines, two foreign officers arrive to train with the SAS. Captain Hagen is a member of the U.S. Army Rangers and Captain Freund is a member of GSG9. They are taken to the Close Quarter Battle house and witness an SAS room entry assault first hand. Colonel Hadley introduces them to the SAS man playing the "hostage", Captain Peter Skellen, and informs them they\'ll be with Skellen\'s troop, consisting of Baker, Dennis and Williamson. During an exercise in Brecon Beacons, Hadley and Major Steele discover Skellen\'s troop torturing Hagen and Freund. Skellen is dismissed from the Regiment. The torture along with Skellen\'s dismissal are a ruse to repaint Skellen as a disgraced former SAS operative, and Hagen and Freund are innocent victims in the scheme. Skellen meets with his intelligence contact, Ryan, who informs Skellen that he should meet Frankie Leith and Rod Walker. Leith and Walker run The People\'s Lobby, the militant group believed to be planning the act of terrorism. Skellen tells his wife Jenny that he\'ll be going away for a while on a mission. Skellen then visits a bar frequented by members of The People\'s Lobby and begins a conversation with Leith. Skellen initiates a romantic relationship with her, to the annoyance of Walker and his cohorts Helga and Mac. Leith takes Skellen to the organization\'s offices and introduces him to the group. Leith appreciates Skellen\'s SAS background, and offers him a job as security consultant to the PL; she also allows him to move in with her. To strengthen his cover story, Hadley informs Hagen and Freund of Skellen\'s location. The wronged men attack Skellen at Leith\'s home and inflict a severe beating; as a result Leith\'s few remaining doubts about Skellen vapourise, but Walker and his cronies still are not fully convinced. Helga observes Skellen meeting the same unknown individual  in various locations. Their scrutiny intensifies even more when Walker and his associates witness Skellen meeting with his wife and daughter. They use photos from their surveillance to convince Leith that Skellen is not all he seems. Walker orders Helga to kill Ryan, cutting Skellen\'s link to Hadley. Hadley has no choice but to trust Skellen\'s abilities to uncover the group\'s plans and escape alive. He orders police protection for Skellen\'s family. Despite his official advisory capacity, Skellen is denied details about the upcoming operation. On the day of the operation, Leith and Walker instruct Helga and Mac to take Skellen\'s family hostage. Leith uses this to blackmail Skellen into unconditional co-operation. The terrorists and Skellen arrive at the U.S. Embassy in a hijacked coach. Wearing stolen U.S. Air Force uniforms, they gain entry to the secure compound and take the U.S. Ambassador, U.S. Secretary of State, U.S. Chief of Staff, British Foreign Secretary, along with their wives and the embassy staff, all hostage. Hadley and his police counterpart, Commander Powell, arrive at the Embassy to receive the demands of the terrorists: Unless a U.S. Nuclear Missile is launched at Holy Loch Naval Base, all the hostages will be killed. Meanwhile, Dennis and Neil arrive at Skellen\'s home with two fellow SAS troopers. They set up in the attached house next door, using sensing devices to covertly observe Helga, Mac and their captives through the wall. Currie questions Leith\'s motivations, and Leith responds that her ultimate goal is the disarmament of the whole world. This opens a debate about method and political philosophy that only antagonizes the terrorists. Skellen manages to separate himself from the group by feigning a need for the toilet. He uses a torch to signal Hadley via Morse code, telling him to attack at 10 a.m. while Skellen creates a diversion. Hadley can\'t get permission for an SAS attack because the British Home Secretary insists that Powell resolve the situation through negotiation. As the tension mounts inside the embassy, a mistake by one of the terrorists causes the death of the U.S. Chief of Staff. This allows Powell and Hadley to get the permission for their assault. Frayed nerves cause Helga and Mac to squabble with their charges, allowing the SAS operatives next door the opportunity to burst through the wall and kill both Helga and Mac. As the SAS mount an assault on the embassy, the terrorists panic. Skellen overpowers and kills two terrorists. The SAS, deploying from helicopters, force open doors and enter through windows. As they methodically clear the embassy, Skellen kills more terrorists including Walker. Skellen joins with Baker and his troop to search for Leith, as the other troopers bundle the hostages to safety. When Skellen hesitates to kill Leith on sight, Major Steele kills her before she can kill Skellen. The Ambassador thanks the troopers as they leave the embassy. Skellen and his troop apologise to Hagen and Freund and explain the reason for their actions, and make peace. Skellen departs on one of the helicopters with his colleagues. An on-screen list of notable terrorist incidents appears over the closing credits, accompanied by a rendition of the British Labour Party\'s Red Flag anthem.'] ['Sometime in the future, Earth is recovering from "The Robot Wars" that devastated the planet seven years earlier. Most of humanity now lives on the Moon within a domed city called New Washington, but their survival depends on an anti-radiation drug called Raddic-Q2 which is manufactured on the distant planet Delta 3. As scheduled, Delta 3 sends a massive cargo ship with a supply of the drug, but the ship crashes into New Washington\'s dome and causes widespread destruction. The colony leader, Senator Smedley (played by [[John Ireland , and science advisor Dr. John Caball , try to contact Nikki , the leader of Delta 3, but instead hear from Omus , the "Robot Master," Caball\'s former apprentice, and the newly self-proclaimed Emperor of that world. Omus states that the crash was a deliberate attack and he demands the people of New Washington recognize his authority as their leader, or else he will send more ships with an invasion force of robots under his control. Smedley refuses to give into Omus\' threats and Caball suggests launching the Starstreak against him – an advanced starship designed for both space exploration and defense of the Moon colony, but Smedley goes against the plan since the ship has yet to be fully tested. Caball boards the ship anyway, and prepares it for launch, during which he accidentally exposes himself to a dose of deadly radiation while in the reactor room. With no time to obtain any of the radiation drugs, Caball calls his son Jason  to help him pilot the ship. Tagging along are Smeldey\'s daughter Kim , and "Sparks," a teleporting pilot robot that Kim had salvaged from the wreck of the cargo ship and repaired with a new body. When the three arrive, Caball convinces them of the urgency to stop Omus at all cost. They agree to help steal the Starsteak and set course to Delta 3. Shortly after launch, a malfunction forces the Starstreak to stop at Earth, and the crew separate from the ship to land the forward saucer section on the planet. While Caball conducts repairs, Jason and Kim explore the area hoping to locate an old friend of Caball\'s named Charley who mans a nearby refueling depot. They are unaware however, of small figures that stalk them in the woods. Jason eventually finds Charley dead and then notices that Kim has disappeared. He and Sparks eventually find her with a group of harmless children who are survivors of the Robot Wars, but with more pressing matters to attend to, Jason decides to leave the kids behind with some food supplies, but promises to come back for them once their mission is complete. Meanwhile on Delta 3, Nikki has formed a resistance force and tries to take back the Citadel – a massive tower controlled by Omus and his robot minions. Her infiltration attempt fails and Nikki can only pray that help arrives soon. Elsewhere, the Starstreak has left Earth and achieved light speed, but enters a gravity vortex that threatens to destroy the ship. The crew eventually manages to escape the storm with Delta 3 conveniently appearing before them. Upon landing, the crew finds Nikki and her people, but soon a group of Omus\' robots surround them. The party is then greeted by a hologram of Omus and Caball demands to meet face-to-face. Omus agrees and has Caball brought before him while Jason and the others plan to sneak inside the Citadel. Omus shows off his latest achievements to his old mentor, and how he was able to turn the mining robots into shock troopers that easily took control of the planet. Caball remains unimpressed and tries to talk Omus into giving up his plan to control humanity. Omus refuses to listen and then dons a transparent helmet where he shows Caball another creation – a spinning disco ball-like device that drives Caball mad with pain and eventually kills him. Once the others finally reach Omus\' chambers, Jason finds his father murdered, but Kim reveals that Caball had severe radiation sickness and was about to die soon anyway. A furious Jason then confronts Omus, but Omus\' robots take him prisoner. Soon, all the robots suddenly turn on their master and run out of control, allowing Jason and the others to flee the control room. Jason hears from Sparks who has teleported to one Omus\' cargo ships and taken over the main computer system. The robot frenzy however, overloads critical systems and explosions begin to rip through the Citadel. Sparks escapes in the cargo ship, while the others make it back to the Starstreak and lift off. They leave Omus sitting in his control room while everything explodes around him. The destruction of the Citadel eventually causes the whole planet to explode. The last scene shows the two ships heading back toward Earth, with the cargo ship hauling a supply of Raddic-Q2.'] ['Frederick Frenger, Jr. , a violent psychopath recently released from a California prison, starts a new life in Miami. Before leaving the airport, he steals luggage and kills a Hare Krishna after breaking his finger. Junior checks into a hotel and hooks up with Susie Waggoner, a naive prostitute who is a student at a community college. They become romantically involved and take a house together, with Susie blissfully unaware of Junior\'s criminal activities and harboring fantasies of living happily ever after. An investigation of the Hare Krishna murder leads grizzled cop Sgt. Hoke Moseley to come knocking on their door. Moseley shares a home-cooked dinner with the couple, upon Susie\'s suggestion, and plays it cool while seemingly indicating to Junior that he\'s on to him. He overtly suspects Junior has been in prison and wants him to come to the police station for a lineup. Being a proactive criminal, Junior goes to Moseley\'s home that night, assaults him, and steals his gun and badge. Junior begins using the badge, demanding bribes as rewards after breaking up robberies, only to keep the loot for himself. He\'s highly enjoying his new role as criminal with a badge and the perks it holds for him. Susie happily cooks for him. While at a grocery store, Junior witnesses an armed robbery and decides to break it up. He lectures the gunman about avoiding a life of crime, but the gunman runs a truck over him. Junior complains to Susie that the "straight life" has made him too soft. Moseley tracks down the couple through a utility account opened up in Susie\'s name. He pretends to run into her at the grocery store, where they swap recipes. After she lies that she has left Junior, Moseley tells her that Junior\'s a murderer and that he and the police are looking for him. Back home, to test whether he will lie to her, Susie deliberately ruins a pie by adding too much vinegar to it. To her disappointment, Frenger compliments the dessert and eats it with gusto. The next day, Junior asks Susie to drive him around town on errands. Their first stop is a pawn shop, which he robs. In the course of the robbery, the pawnbroker chops off several of Frenger\'s fingers before being killed by him. Badly injured, he limps to the car, but Susie drives away upon realizing what he\'s done. Moseley pursues him to the house, where he shoots and kills Junior. Junior, being ironic with his last words, tells Moseley, "Susie\'s gonna get you, Sarge." Susie then arrives and Moseley asks why she stayed with him for so long. She explains that he ate everything she ever cooked and never hit her.'] ['A group of agents of the U.S. Office of Strategic Services  is sent to German-occupied Italy during World War II to knock out the German-held Italian railroad system. In accomplishing this mission, most of them are killed because of an inside betrayal. After the war, one of the survivors, Captain Webster Carey , resolves to find the traitor. Captain Carey returns to Orta, near Milan, to find out who betrayed his World War II O.S.S. team and caused the deaths of several villagers. Much to his surprise, his old love Giulia , whom he thought dead at the hands of the Nazis, is alive and married to a powerful Italian nobleman, Barone Rocco de Graffi . The villagers are unfriendly, but Carey persists in his clandestine efforts to flush out the traitor.'] ["Combining elements of Tennessee Williams and William Faulkner, the story focuses on eighteen-year-old Purslane Hominy Will, who leaves the Florida trailer park where she lives with her abusive boyfriend to return to her hometown of New Orleans following the drug overdose death of her jazz singer mother Lorraine, a free spirit she had not seen for several years. The girl is startled to discover one-time Auburn University professor of literature Bobby Long and his protégé and former teaching assistant, struggling writer Lawson Pines, living in her dilapidated childhood home. Both men are heavy drinkers who spend their days smoking numerous cigarettes, quoting Dylan Thomas, Benjamin Franklin, and T.S. Eliot, playing chess, and spending time with the neighbors while Bobby strums a guitar and sings melancholy country-folk songs. The two convince Pursy her mother left the house to all three of them, although in reality she is the sole heir and the time they legally are allowed to remain in it is limited by the terms of the will. Pursy moves in and proves to be the most responsible and sensible member of the dysfunctional family the three create. The men's efforts to drive her away gradually abate as they grow fond of her with the passing of time. Bobby - unshaven, slovenly, and suffering from ailments he prefers to ignore - attempts to improve the lot of the young girl by introducing her to The Heart is a Lonely Hunter and encouraging her to return to high school and get her diploma. Lawson, suffering from writer's block, finds himself attracted to Pursy but hesitant to complicate his life further by becoming involved with her. Memories of Lorraine linger for all of them, especially Pursy, who vividly recalls her mother ignoring her in favor of pursuing a career. Her sense of who her mother was is altered somewhat when she finds a cache of letters Lorraine wrote her but never mailed, letters that lead her to discover not only how her mother really felt about her, but the true identity of her father as well."] ["The film follows the course of Jolene's life over the course of ten years, as an abused 15-year-old foster child up until her life as a 25-year-old woman. At 16 she is a teen bride, but her marriage is disrupted when she is seduced by her uncle-in-law Phil . Her marriage break-up pushes her towards a lesbian relationship with an emotionally needy attendant, Cindy, who she meets at juvenile detention. This is followed by a liaison with drug-dealing tattoo artist. Her strange choices continue in her relationship with a mobster named Sal in Las Vegas. Later in life she becomes involved with Brad, a wealthy psychopath.'Jolene': Dan Ireland's poignant film follows heroine's 10 years of misadventures Seattle Times. 4 November 2010"] ['The Rolf family takes a vacation from the cityThe specific city is not identified in the film. at a large Victorian era mansion in the California countryside. The family consists of Marian , her husband Ben , their young son David , and their elderly aunt Elizabeth . The owners of the house are the Allardyce siblings, brother Arnold and sister Roz, played by actors Burgess Meredith and Eileen Heckart, respectively. The Allardyces appear at the beginning of the film when they inform their new tenants of a particularly odd requirement for their rental: that the Allardyces\' elderly mother continues to live in her upstairs room and the Rolfs provide her with food during their stay. The siblings explain that the old woman is obsessed with privacy and will probably not interact with them, so meals are to be left outside her door. As it turns out, this task falls to the mother who quickly succumbs to the allure of the ornate house and its period decor. Various "accidents" occur during the summer, including the suspicious death of Aunt Elizabeth. As the film progresses, Ben becomes increasingly depressed and anxious while Marian becomes increasingly obsessed with the house, the old woman in the attic, and all of the Victorian artifacts. It gradually becomes clear that Marian is somehow being possessed or controlled by the house and that a malevolent force is slowly consuming the family. As Ben readies his family to leave the house, Marian decides to go back inside to tell Mrs. Allardyce that they are leaving. After she fails to return to the car Ben goes inside to get her, but cannot find her. Ben decides to confront the elderly Mrs. Allardyce whom he has not seen face to face. Ben is horrified when he finds that his wife has somehow become the old woman in the attic, or perhaps always has been. Ben is thrown from an attic window, landing on the windshield of his car. In shock, David runs toward the house and is killed when one of the chimneys falls on him. When the house is fully rejuvenated and glistening like new, the voices of the Allardyce siblings are heard marveling at the house\'s beauty and rejoicing over the return of their mother. The house is shown to be filled with pictures of various people, many from years past, some more recent - including those of Ben, David and Aunt Elizabeth.'] ["In 1380 England, a priest  called Nicholas leaves his village after being caught in flagrante delicto with a married woman. After hiding in the woods, he is found by a travelling acting troupe who at first think he is a robber. Reluctantly, they allow him to join their group to replace one of their members who has just died. They are forced to travel to a new district after a collapsed bridge stops them taking their normal route. Eventually, the troupe reach a strange town that has a castle . On arrival, the actors find all the townsfolk in the market square to hear a woman sentenced to death for killing a boy. Her conviction is based on the testimony of a Benedictine Monk . Next day, the troupe perform a biblical passion play, but only a few people come to watch and they make very little money. The group's leader, Martin , then takes the decision to perform a morality play based on the events surrounding the child murder. He and Nicholas visit the condemned woman in the dungeons. However, despite her being mute, the men come away with the strong belief she is innocent of the crime. Nevertheless, the players perform their play, portraying the woman as a seductress who lured the boy to his death. However, this interpretation infuriates the child's bereaved parents, who heckle the stage, adding more to the story. Watching from a castle window is the Norman Lord de Guise . The sheriff and his men arrive and clear the square by force. The acting troupe are told to leave town by first light. However, Nicholas's strong conviction urges the others join him and investigate further the circumstances of the murder but they refuse. That night, the former priest digs up the boy's body only to discover it has been violated before death. While in the graveyard, he meets two men, the King's Justice and his squire, who are carrying out their own investigations. Nicholas is then forced to leave by the town's sheriff. However, outside town, Nicholas refuses to continue with the troupe and returns disguised as a monk. Shortly afterwards, Martin relinquishes his role as the group's leader and follows him. Back in the town, Nicholas enters the church in disguise. He finds the monk who testified at the trial and tells him that he knows the woman is innocent as he knows of the boy's injuries, and this was witnessed by the King's Justices. But the monk reveals he had nothing to do with the death, intimating he is protecting someone else. Nicholas leaves and is found by Martin. The two of them then learn from the King's Justice that the monk has been found dead . It is then revealed that the authorities also knew that wherever de Guise goes, boys disappear. Nicholas then obtains more evidence to prove that the woman is not the real killer . At the execution, the acting troupe, who have also all returned, seize the scaffold and perform the play again with the new information inciting the crowd against de Guise. Guards are called out of the castle, forcing the actors to flee to the church. But unbeknown to them, de Guise is already there performing an act of penitence. Nicholas presents the evidence to de Guise who without much coercion admits everything, knowing that he is untouchable under the feudal system. But when Nicholas tells him that the boy he raped and murdered had the plague, he stabs the former priest. As Nicholas stumbles outside the church, de Guise walks back towards his castle through the throng of townsfolk. But when he reaches the gate the portcullis is lowered, condemning him to be lynched by the mob. The film concludes with the acting troupe holding Nicholas in his final death throes. Before leaving, Martin acknowledges that he will live on in the play that they will now perform when they reach Durham."] ['David Kepesh is a cultural critic and professor, in a state of \'emancipated manhood\'. Previously married, he has a son who has never forgiven him for leaving his mother. His relationships with women are usually casual, brief and sexual in nature. His Pulitzer Prize-winning friend, George O\'Hearn, suggests that he "bifurcate" his life: have conversations and enjoy art with a wife, and "keep the sex just for sex". Believing himself to be an independent and self-actualized individual, he encounters Consuela Castillo, a beautiful and confident student who attends one of his lectures. She captures his attention like no other woman, and they begin a serious relationship. David is also in a casual 20-year relationship with Caroline, another former student. Over dinner, Consuela invites David to her graduation party. George advises him to leave her before she leaves him. Consuela waits for an answer, but David only promises, "I\'ll have to check my schedule." Consuela is frustrated. In the end, he agrees to attend. On the day of the event, David phones Consuela and claims he has blown a tire and is stuck in bad traffic and it will be unavoidably delayed. In reality, he is sitting in his car, anxious about meeting Consuela\'s family. Heartbroken and annoyed, Consuela hangs up. Sometime over the course of the next two years, David introduces his friend, George at a poetry conference; George collapses on the stage and later passes away. David\'s son Kenny is embroiled in an affair. Two years pass before Consuela and David come in contact again. On New Year\'s Eve, David arrives home to find a message from Consuela. She mentions that she needs to tell him something before he finds out from someone else. At his apartment, Consuela announces that she has found a lump in her breast and will need surgery. Grief-stricken, David cries and asks her why she didn\'t tell him sooner. Consuela then asks David to take photos of her breasts, before the doctors \'ruin\' them in the surgery. David agrees. In the final scene, David visits Consuela at the hospital where she is recovering from her surgery. Consuela says, "I will miss you". David responds, "I am here" as he climbs into the hospital bed and gently kisses her face. In a fantasy scene, the film flashes back to David and Consuela on the beach where Consuela told David she loves him.'] ['{{Plot}} Mark Renton  and Spud  are running down Princes Street pursued by security guards. Renton\'s close circle of football enthusiast friends are introduced: James Bond-obsessed amoral con artist Sick Boy , clean-cut athlete Tommy , simpleminded, good-natured Spud, and violent sociopath Begbie . Sick Boy, Spud and Renton are all heroin addicts and spend their time shooting up at the flat of their drug dealer "Mother Superior" Swanney . After awaking from a heroin induced state, Renton decides to quit heroin. Realizing he needs one last high he buys opium rectal suppositories from Mikey Forrester . After this final hit  he locks himself into a cheap hotel room to endure withdrawal. He realises that being around his friends sober, he feels that he is missing something. He later goes with his friends to a club, finding that his sex drive has returned and eventually leaves with a young woman named Diane . After sex Diane refuses to let him sleep in her room and he spends the night on a sofa in the hallway of the flat. In the morning he realizes that Diane is a fifteen-year-old schoolgirl and that her "flatmates" are actually her parents. Horrified, Renton tries to shake the incident but is forced to remain in touch after Diane blackmails him. Tommy had been dumped by his girlfriend Lizzy after a chain of events initiated by Renton. Renton had stolen one of Tommy and Lizzy\'s personal sex tapes, hiding it in the case of a football video. Lizzy angrily believed that Tommy had returned their tape to the video store. Sick Boy, Spud and Renton decide to start using heroin again and a brokenhearted Tommy begins using as well, despite Renton\'s reluctance to get him started. One day the group\'s heroin-induced stupor at Swanney\'s flat is violently interrupted when Allison, their friend and fellow addict, discovers that her infant daughter Dawn has died from neglect. All are horrified and grief-stricken especially Sick Boy who is implied to be Dawn\'s father. Renton and Spud are later caught stealing from a book shop and are pursued by security guards and arrested. Due to prior convictions Spud goes to prison but Renton avoids punishment by entering a Drug Interventions Programme, where he is given methadone. Despite support from his family Renton is constantly depressed and bored with life and escapes to Swanney\'s flat where he nearly dies of an overdose. Renton\'s parents take him home and lock him in his old bedroom so he can beat the addiction. As Renton lies in his bed and goes through severe withdrawal symptoms, he hallucinates Diane singing on the bed, his friends giving him advice and Allison\'s dead baby crawling on the ceiling. The heroin withdrawal is inter-cut with an imagined TV game show in which host Dale Winton asks Renton\'s parents questions about HIV. Renton is finally roused from his nightmares and hallucination by his parents who tell him he needs to get tested. Despite years of sharing syringes with other addicts Renton tests negative. Though clean of heroin, Renton is nevertheless bored and depressed, feeling that his life has no purpose. He visits Tommy in his now dark filthy flat. Tommy is now a full-on heroin addict and is HIV positive. On Diane\'s advice, Renton moves to London and starts a job as a property letting agent. He begins to enjoy his new life of sobriety and saves up money on the side while corresponding with Diane. Begbie commits an armed robbery and arrives at Renton\'s London flat seeking a hiding place. Sick Boy, who now sees himself as a well-connected pimp and drug pusher also shows up at Renton\'s doorstep. They soon learn of Tommy\'s death from toxoplasmosis and travel back to Edinburgh for his funeral. Back home, they meet Spud, who has been released from prison. Sick Boy suggests a profitable but dangerous heroin transaction, but needs Renton to supply half of the initial £4,000. After the purchase, Renton injects a dose of heroin to test the purity. The four then sell the heroin to a dealer for £16,000. They go to a pub and celebrate, discussing possible plans for the money. As Begbie and Sick Boy leave to order another round of drinks, Renton suggests to Spud that they steal the money, but Spud is too frightened of Begbie to consider it. Renton believes that neither Sick Boy nor Begbie deserve the cash. Early in the morning as the others sleep, Renton quietly takes the money. Spud sees him leave but does not tell the others. When Begbie awakens he destroys the hotel room in a violent rage which attracts the police. Renton travels to London and vows to live a stable, traditional life. Later, Spud finds £2,000 Renton has left for him, so he can have a clean start.'] ['On July 29, 1939, renowned British big game hunter Captain Alan Thorndike  slips through the forest undetected near the Berghof, Adolf Hitler\'s residence near Berchtesgaden. Getting the dictator in his telescopic sight, he pulls the trigger on his unloaded rifle and gives a wave. He ponders a moment, then loads a live round, but is discovered at the last second by a guard, and the shot goes wild. After being beaten up, Thorndike is taken to Major Quive-Smith . Quive-Smith is also a devoted hunter and an admirer of Thorndike. Thorndike explains that it was a "sporting stalk", not to kill, but just for the thrill of going after the biggest game of all. The Nazi half-believes him, but insists he sign a confession that he was in fact working for His Majesty\'s government. When Thorndike refuses, he is tortured, but remains steadfast and warns of "questions being asked in high places" if he is killed, as his brother, Lord Risborough , is a very important diplomat. The phrase gives Quive-Smith the idea to have Thorndike thrown off a cliff to make his death look like an accident. Thorndike survives when his knapsack gets caught in a tree, breaking his fall. He eludes his German pursuers and reaches a port. He steals a rowboat, but is forced to abandon it hastily when a patrol boat comes near. He swims to a Danish ship about to sail for London. Vaner , the English cabin boy, helps Thorndike hide. The Germans find Thorndike\'s coat and passport aboard the rowboat and search the nearby ship. Though they find nothing, they place agent Mr. Jones  on board using Thorndike\'s passport to continue looking even after the ship leaves the harbour. Jones is met by German agents in London. Thorndike, mistakenly believing he is now safe, casually debarks and is spotted. He manages to shake off his pursuers by ducking into the apartment of Jerry Stokes , a young woman. Jerry lends him money so he can reach his brother. When Lord Risborough tells his brother that the British government, continuing its pre-war policy of appeasement, would have to extradite him if he were found, Thorndike decides to hide in Africa. Jerry tries to refuse a large cash reward, leading Lady Risborough  to assume that it is payment for other services, but Thorndike insists. He also buys her a new hatpin, as she had lost hers when they first met. She chooses a cheap chromium arrow and insists Thorndike present it to her. Thorndike likens it to her, saying both are "straight and shiny". By this point, Jerry is in love. Quive-Smith arrives in London to join the hunt. When Thorndike calls on his solicitor, Saul Farnsworthy , the Nazis are once again on his trail. Chased into a London Underground station, Thorndike struggles with Jones, who is killed when he is thrown onto an electrified rail. Thorndike tells Jerry to have Lord Risborough send him a letter in three weeks time care of Lyme Regis Post Office. As in the novel, Thorndike hides in a cave. However, when he goes to pick up the letter, the postmistress  seems alarmed and sends a girl on an errand. Thorndike grabs the letter and beats a hasty retreat. Back at his cave, he finds the letter is from Quive-Smith, who has followed him to his lair. Quive-Smith seals the only entrance and passes his quarry the confession and a pen through an air hole, threatening to leave him trapped inside. Quive-Smith also slides in Jerry\'s beret with the arrow pin, informing Thorndike that she was thrown out a window to her death when she would not betray him. They only discovered Thorndike\'s location through the address he had written down for her. Badgered by the Nazi, the grief-stricken Thorndike finally admits that he subconsciously intended to assassinate Hitler after all. He then agrees to sign the confession. Quive-Smith unblocks the entrance, but waits to shoot him as he crawls out. Thorndike however has other plans; he uses his belt, a slat from his bed, and a stick to fabricate a bow, using Jerry\'s pin as the tip of a makeshift arrow, and shoots the German through the air hole. When Thorndike emerges, Quive-Smith manages to wound him before dying. By the time he recovers, the war has started. Thorndike joins the R.A.F. as a Bomber Command crewman. On a mission over Germany, Thorndike unexpectedly parachutes into the Reich with his hunting rifle to finish what he had started.'] ["The Trojan Women was one of a trilogy of plays dealing with the suffering created by the Trojan Wars. Hecuba , Queen of the Trojans and mother of Hector, one of Troys most fearsome warriors, looks upon the remains of her kingdom; Andromache , widow of the slain Hector and mother of his son Astyanax, must raise her son in the war's aftermath; Cassandra , Hecuba's daughter who has been driven insane by the ravages of war, waits to see if King Agamemnon will drive her into concubinage; Helen of Troy , waits to see if she will live. But the most awful truth is unknown to them until Talthybius , the messenger of the Greek king, comes to the ruined city and tells them that King Agamemnon and his brother Menelaus have decreed that Hector's son Astyanax must die — the last of the male royalty of Troy must be executed to ensure the extinction of the line."] ['Although liberated on January 27, 1945, Levi did not reach Turin until October 19 of that year. After spending some time in a Soviet camp for former concentration camp inmates, he embarked on an arduous journey home in the company of former Italian prisoners of war from the Italian Army in Russia. His long railway journey home to Turin took him on a circuitous route from Poland, through Russia, Romania, Hungary, Austria and Germany.'] ['{{Expand section}} Victoria "V.I" Warshawski is a Chicago based private detective who agrees to babysit for her new boyfriend; then he is murdered. Being the detective type, she makes the murder her next case. In doing so she befriends the victim\'s daughter, Kat, and together they set out to crack the case.'] ["Veronica is an adventurous, curious, slightly tomboyish young woman in Venice. Her lover Marco  cannot marry her because her family is not wealthy enough to provide a good dowry. Marco, a future Senator, marries a foreign noblewoman instead. Veronica's mother  must think of the future and her family's financial security, as she still requires dowries for her younger daughters and money for her son's commission. Rather than go to a convent, Veronica's mother suggests she become a courtesan, a highly paid, cultured prostitute like her mother and grandmother before her. At first Veronica is repelled by the idea, but once she discovers that courtesans are allowed access to libraries and education, she tentatively embraces the idea. Veronica quickly gains a reputation as a top courtesan, impressing the powerful men of Venice with her beauty, wit, and compassion. Marco finds it difficult to adjust to his new wife, who is nothing like Veronica, and becomes jealous as she takes his friends and relatives as lovers. After Marco's cousin Maffio, a poor bard who was once publicly upstaged by Veronica, attacks her, Marco rushes to her aid. They rekindle their romance and Veronica stops seeing clients. War breaks out between the Ottoman Empire and Venice, and the city appeals to France for aid. Veronica is encouraged to seduce the king of France and secures a military alliance. Marco becomes despondent that she has broken her promise of fidelity. Veronica points out that she sacrificed their love for the good of the city, while he only did it to protect his family's political standing, and Marco leaves for war angry. While the Senators are fighting at sea, a plague hits the city. Religious zealots take the war and plague as punishment for the city's moral degradation, and Veronica's home is quarantined and almost ransacked by a mob. Veronica is summoned to appear before the Inquisition on charges of witchcraft and refuses to name her clients. When it appears that she will be executed, Marco publicly shames the Venetian ministers and senators into standing. Bewildered by the extent of sin in the city, the Inquisitor drops the charges of witchcraft, and Marco and Veronica reconcile."] ["Set in the late 18th century, the story follows the life of Georgiana Cavendish, Duchess of Devonshire. While her beauty and fashion made her famous, extravagance and gambling made her infamous. She is married to the cold and much older William Cavendish, the 5th Duke of Devonshire. Despite the Duke's blatant infidelities, Georgiana becomes a fashion icon, a doting mother, a shrewd political operator, and darling of the common people. Reeling from her husband's affair with her best friend, Lady Bess Foster, Georgiana takes on her own lover, the future prime minister Charles Grey, with whom she gives birth to a child in secret, Eliza Courtney."] ['The primary characters are known only as The Young Girl and The Chinaman. The daughter of bitter, fearful, poverty-stricken colonials, the Girl is a pretty waif who wears an old silk dress and a man\'s fedora and paint her lips bright red when out of her mother\'s sight. She and her family are French, but live in Vietnam where her mother is a schoolteacher to local children. Her weak-willed mother, violent older brother, and timid younger brother live in a rural section across the river. The girl is a loner but an excellent student, who dreams of being a writer. She meets the Chinaman when crossing the river on the ferry, returning to the city after a school holiday ended. He is the son of a Chinese businessman whose fortune was made in real estate, and has recently returned from Paris after dropping out of school. He has the look but lacks the self-assurance of the playboy he fancies himself to be, and he is mesmerized the first time he sees her standing by the rail on a crowded ferry crossing the Mekong River. After some awkward conversation, he offers her a ride to Saigon in his chauffeur-driven limousine and she accepts, although the two barely speak during the drive. The Girl gives her age at the beginning of the film as 15, but lies to The Chinaman by stating that she is 17. He lies to her, telling her he is 32. The following day, he waits for her outside her boarding school, and the two go to the room he rents for entertaining mistresses in the seedy Chinese quarter, where they make love. They realize that "a future together is unthinkable" because she is scheduled to return to Paris soon, and he is arranged to marry a Chinese heiress. Aware of the limited time they have together, they fall into a relationship in which they shed all responsibilities that come with commitment. Every day after school, the girl goes to the bachelor room. The girl\'s family discovers the affair, and though at first angry, they encourage her to continue because the Chinaman is wealthy and able to pay off some of their debts. Despite this added tension, the affair continues passionately. The Chinaman even goes so far as to beg his father for the allowance to be with the girl instead of entering into his arranged marriage, but his father would rather see him dead than with a "white girl." Though both devastated, the Chinaman marries his arranged bride, and the girl boards a ship days later to return to France. Decades later, the girl is a successful writer. The Chinaman telephones her, as he is visiting France with his wife. He assured her that he never stopped loving her, and that he would not stop for the rest of his life.'] ['A town in Wyoming is up in arms. Somebody has shot the sheriff, Billy Kelly, and things are so bad that preacher Sam Stone and businessman George Gates implore the mayor, Ned West, to bring in outside help. They arrange for a gunfighter called "Waco" to be pardoned by the governor and sprung from jail. Waco rides to town and immediately cleans it up, defying boss Joe Gore by becoming sheriff, firing the deputy and bringing in old partner Ace Ross to be by his side. Preacher Stone is happy but wife Jill is not. She used to be involved with Waco, who isn\'t going to like it that she got married while he was behind bars. Also unhappy is rancher Ma Jenner, whose boys Ike and Pete seek revenge on her behalf because Waco killed their brother. And mayor West has troubles of his own because of an attack on his daughter Patricia. It all comes down to a gunfight. Waco is outnumbered, particularly after Ace chickens out and abandons him, but the mayor and preacher come to his aid. Gore and the Jenners end up dead, but so does Stone, which means Jill and Waco can be together again.'] ['The story opens on a small-town street. A man throws a bundle of papers onto the sidewalk from the back of a truck labeled "Chronicle". Clift is sitting in a bar when a woman offers him a drink. He refuses, telling her how alcohol seems to be poisonous to him. After talking with her for a while, he finds out that she is married to the editor of the paper where he is hoping to work. The editor shows up to meet his wife only to find her talking to Monty. When he asks how Monty found him, Monty says, "I heard that there was a bar where newspaper people hang out. I came here since it is the closest to the Chronicle, the only paper in town." The Mrs. says that Monty can write and that he deserves the chance to prove it. Ryan says, "OK, so write!" Clift hems and haws momentarily, but then delivers the following story: "The Chronicle is pleased to announce the addition of a new member to our staff. He met the Editor in Chief, who went so far as to insult his own wife in an effort to provoke the new staff member. Instead of punching the editor in the face, he accepted a position on the paper."'] ['A couple proceeds with the purchase, and moves in. George appears not to be strong of faith, but Kathy is at least a nominal Catholic. The couple turns to Father Delaney to bless the home. Father Delaney  encounters troubles in trying to bless the home, including a room full of flies, out of season, violent stomach sickness, and later, blisters on his palm when trying to make even a phone contact with Kathy at the home. In his further efforts to confront the evil, he suffers a car wreck from brake and steering malfunction, a lack of support by his superiors in the diocese as he describes the occult things he\'s seen, and ultimately, blindness and a mental breakdown. It is most moving when he is at the altar of the church, praying, "Give them strength of mind and body, that they may do Your will," and a high-mounted statue begins to crumble and drop dust down in the chancel area. Refusing to run, he continues the prayer at a scream, "Oh, Lord, give them strength of mind and body, that they may do Your will!" weeping at the seeming triumph of evil over good. After this, we are shown Father Delaney, sitting in an outdoor garden area, in a totally unresponsive state. Presumably, his mind is gone. George begins to be more sullen and angry over perceived cold in the house, and obsesses with splitting logs and keeping the fireplace stoked. One of the two boys suffers a crushed hand when a sash window falls on it, and the little girl has an imaginary friend, Jody, who seems to be of a malevolent nature. Mom, Kathy, catches a glimpse of two red, swine-like eyes, outside the daughter\'s 2nd story window. The family dog, Harry, a black Labrador, obsesses over a secret room in the basement. George\'s land surveying business begins to suffer with his lack of attendance, and his partner is concerned. The business partner\'s wife, very sensitive to the paranormal, is at once both repulsed and intrigued by the things she feels when at the house. "Boy are these vibes ever strong!" she says at one point. The Lutz\'s witness a black, bubbling substance coming up in the toilets, an "ooze" coming down from nail holes in the walls, a babysitter being trapped in a closet despite its not having a locking doorknob, the disappearance of $1,500.00 cash, and Kathy\'s aunt, a nun, running from the house and vomiting. Kathy observes George\'s persistant waking at 3:15 am, feeling he must go check on the boathouse, and other unsettling incidents. Kathy has nightmares in which she is given details about the killings of the home\'s prior family. Their research at the library and at the county records office suggest that the house is built atop a tribal burial ground, and that a known devil worshiper named Ketcham had once lived on the land. Finally, the paranormal events drive the family to flee the house one night, in the pouring rain, no longer even worried about their possessions. The final titles tell us that, "Today the Lutzs live in another state."'] ['Encouraged to explore as a child by her late father ([[David Morse , Dr. Eleanor "Ellie" Arroway  works for the Search for Extraterrestrial Intelligence  program at the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico. She listens to radio transmissions in hope of finding signals sent by extraterrestrial life. Government scientist David Drumlin  pulls the funding from SETI because he believes the endeavor is futile. Arroway gains backing from mysterious and secretive billionaire industrialist S. R. Hadden , who has been following her career and allows her to continue her studies at the Very Large Array  in Socorro County, New Mexico. Four years later, with Drumlin seeking to close SETI, Arroway finds a strong signal repeating a sequence of prime numbers, apparently sent from the star Vega. This announcement causes both Drumlin and the National Security Council, led by National Security Advisor Michael Kitz , to attempt to take control of the facility. As Arroway, Drumlin, and Kitz argue, members of the team at the VLA discover a video source buried in the signal: Adolf Hitler{{\'}}s welcoming address at the 1936 Summer Olympics in Berlin. Arroway and her team postulate that this would have been the first significantly strong television signal to leave Earth\'s atmosphere, which was then transmitted back from Vega, 26 light years away. The project is put under tight security and its progress followed fervently worldwide. Arroway learns that the signal contains more than 60,000 "pages" of what appear to be technical drawings. Hadden succeeds in decoding the pages; he explains that the drawings are meant to be interpreted in three dimensions. This reveals a complex machine allowing for one human occupant inside a pod to be dropped into three rapidly spinning rings. The nations of the world fund the construction of the machine in Cape Canaveral at the Kennedy Space Center\'s Launch Complex 39. An international panel is assembled to choose one of ten possible candidates to travel in the machine. Although Arroway is one of the top selections, Christian philosopher Palmer Joss , a panel member whom Arroway met in Puerto Rico and with whom she had a brief romantic encounter, brings attention to her lack of religious faith. As this differentiates her from most humans, the panel selects Drumlin as more representative. On the day the machine is tested, a religious fanatic  destroys the machine in a suicide bombing, killing Drumlin and many others. After the destruction, however, Hadden reveals to Arroway that a second machine is hidden in Hokkaido, Japan, and that Arroway will be its pilot. Arroway, outfitted with several recording devices, is locked into the pod of the Japanese machine, dropped into the rapidly spinning, rotating rings, and disappears. When the pod travels through a series of wormholes, she experiences displacement and can observe the outside environment. This environment includes a radio array–like structure at Vega and signs of a highly advanced civilization on an unknown planet. Arroway finds herself in a surreal beachfront landscape similar to a childhood picture she drew of Pensacola, Florida, and a blurry figure approaches that becomes her deceased father. Arroway recognizes him as an alien taking her father\'s form and she attempts to ask numerous questions. The alien deflects her inquiries, explaining that this journey was just humanity\'s first step to joining other spacefaring species. Arroway considers these answers and falls unconscious. She later awakens to find herself on the floor of the pod; the machine\'s control team is repeatedly calling for her. She learns that from outside the machine it appears the pod merely dropped through the machine\'s spinning rings and landed in the safety net. Arroway insists that she was gone for approximately 18 hours, but her recording devices show only static. Kitz resigns as national security advisor to lead a congressional committee to determine whether the machine was an elaborate hoax designed by Hadden, who has since died. Arroway is described as an unwitting accomplice in the hoax; she asks them to accept her testimony on faith. Kitz and White House Chief of Staff Rachel Constantine  together reflect on the fact that while Arroway\'s recording device only recorded static, it recorded 18 hours of it. Arroway and Joss reunite, and Arroway receives ongoing financial support for the SETI program at the Very Large Array.'] [' Meg Murry is having a difficult time. Her father, astrophysicist Dr. Jack Murry, has mysteriously disappeared. Her youngest brother, Charles Wallace, a genius, is teased and belittled and thought to be stupid because he does not talk to anyone but family. Meg does not get along with her peers, teachers, her 10-year-old twin brothers, or even with herself. Into this unhappy situation comes a stranger, the mysterious, weirdly dressed Mrs Whatsit, and her friends Mrs Who and Mrs Which. They take Meg, Charles Wallace and their new friend Calvin O\'Keefe via tesseract to other planets, preparing the children for a mission to rescue Dr. Murry from the malevolent "IT" on the planet Camazotz. Along the way they ride on the back of a beautiful winged creature , learn about the shadow of tangible evil known as the Black Thing, and visit the Happy Medium. Once they reach Camazotz, however, it is up to Meg, Calvin and Charles Wallace to face the dangers of CENTRAL Central Intelligence, aided only by each other and a pair of Mrs Who\'s glasses. They do find and rescue Dr. Murry, but Charles Wallace is seduced away from his family by IT\'s agent, the Man with Red Eyes, and thus comes under the control of IT. Dr. Murry manages to tesser himself, Meg and Calvin away from Camazotz, but Charles Wallace is left behind, trapped in the mind of IT. Angry with her father, Calvin and herself for leaving Charles Wallace behind, Meg is cared for by the sightless and motherly Aunt Beast on the planet Ixchel, and argues with Mrs Which about returning to rescue her brother. Returning alone to Camazotz, Meg must find a quality in herself—love—to free Charles Wallace, and possibly free the planet Camazotz as well.'] ['About to leave London for a much-needed vacation, Holmes and Watson receive a cryptic invitation. Intrigued, Holmes accepts and is met by the prime minister of the fictional country of Rovinia, who begs him to escort Prince Nikolas home. It turns out that his father has been assassinated, and Nikolas is the heir. Holmes agrees. Arrangements have already been made for an airplane. When it develops problems, a smaller replacement only has room for the prince and Holmes, leaving Watson behind. When Watson protests, Holmes suggests he follow on a passenger ship bound for Algiers. On the voyage, Watson reads that the airplane has crashed in the Pyrenees and that it is unlikely that there are any survivors. Fortunately, Holmes has an aversion of plans made by others and is aboard the ship with Nikolas. He instructs Watson to introduce the prince to the other passengers as his nephew. Though Watson suspects everyone, from American singer Sheila Woodbury to exercise fanatic Agatha Dunham to a secretive pair who later turn out to be archeologists, of being killers, it is not until the ship makes an unscheduled stop at Lisbon that the real Russian agents come aboard: Gregor, circus knife thrower Mirko, and a hulking mute named Gubec. First, Mirko tries to kill Holmes with a throw through a porthole, then Gregor substitutes an explosive party favor, but Holmes foils both attempts. Finally, the villains succeed in kidnapping the prince when they dock at Algiers, only for Holmes to reveal that the "prince" was a decoy; the real prince had been posing as a steward, hidden in plain sight the whole time.Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] ['{{plot|section|dateThe murderCluesSuspectsMotive After concluding his enquiries on the suspects, Poirot gathers all of them in the dining room to present his solution to the crime. He has concluded into two possible scenarios of the murder. The first scenario, which he calls the simple solution, is based on several clues, planted by the suspects to imply that Ratchett\'s/Cassetti\'s murder was a result of a mafia feud, intending to throw off-track any investigations. Then Poirot analyzes his second solution, referring to it as a more complex one than the previous, according to which every passenger of the Calais coach, including the steward, Michel, were linked to the Armstrong case, thus providing them with sufficient motives: *McQueen was the son of the District Attorney who prosecuted the case and was very fond of Mrs. Armstrong; *Beddoes was Colonel Armstrong\'s army batman and the family butler; *Miss Debenham was Mrs Armstrong\'s secretary; *Col. Arbuthnott was an army friend of Col. Armstrong; *Princess Dragomiroff was Sonia Armstrong\'s godmother; *Miss Schmidt was the Armstrongs\' cook; *Countess Andrenyi was Mrs Armstrong\'s sister; *Count Andrenyi was Mrs Armstrong\'s brother in law. *Miss Ohlsson was Daisy\'s nursemaid; *Mrs Hubbard was Mrs Armstrong\'s mother; *Foscarelli was the Armstrongs\' chauffeur; *Hardman was, at the time, a policeman who was in love with Paulette; *Michel was Paulette\'s father. Ratchett was sedated by Beddoes and McQueen. Each of the passengers then stabbed him in turn. As soon as Poirot finishes his explanation, everyone in the car is dumbfounded. Poirot suggests that Bianchi should choose which explanation they should present to the police: the simple or the complex one. Bianchi decides that this "simple" solution will be more than enough for the local police and that Ratchett deserved everything he got. A cover-up is therefore instigated. Poirot agrees with the decision, and he departs to conduct his report to the police, even though he admits he will struggle with his conscience. The train becomes unbound with snow and starts on its way as everyone toasts one another.'] ["The film begins with Jane Eyre running away from Thornfield Hall in the middle of the night and finding herself alone on the moors, in the pouring rain. She manages to reach the doorstep of Moor House, the home of Mr. St. John Rivers, a clergyman, and his two sisters. They take Jane in, saving her life. There follows a flashback, to the ten-year-old Jane Eyre, an orphan, living with her maternal uncle's family, the Reeds, at Gateshead. Jane’s aunt, Sarah Reed, doesn't like Jane and is very cruel to her; Mrs. Reed's three children are also abusive towards her. One day, Jane is locked in the Red Room, where her uncle died, and which Jane believes is haunted. She knocks herself unconscious on the door, after a huge puff of smoke comes down the chimney. Jane's aunt sends her to Lowood School for Girls, which is run by a cruel clergyman, Mr. Brocklehurst. Mrs Reed tells him that Jane is a deceitful child and is not to be trusted. Jane tells her aunt how much she hates her and that she is a hard-hearted woman. Jane arrives at Lowood. While another pupil, Helen Burns, is being beaten, Jane accidentally drops her tray. Mr. Brocklehurst brands her a liar and makes her stand on a chair all day. Jane and Helen become close friends, but Helen later dies of typhus. Eight years later, Jane leaves Lowood and takes up a post with Alice Fairfax of Thornfield Hall. She will be a governess to Adele Varens, a young French orphan girl. When she first arrives at Thornfield, a gloomy, isolated mansion, Jane mistakes Mrs. Fairfax for her employer, but she finds out that she is only the housekeeper for her absent master. While Jane is walking into town, to post a letter, a horse passes her and throws its rider. Jane helps the gentleman to his horse. Later, back at the mansion, she learns that the horse rider is Edward Rochester, master of the house. He jokingly tells her that she must have bewitched his horse to make him fall. They gradually fall in love with each other. One night, Jane is awoken by a strange noise at her door, to find that Mr. Rochester's room is on fire, which the two of them manage to extinguish. He thanks her for saving his life and holds her hand affectionately. The next day, Rochester leaves Thornfield to visit Lady Blanche Ingram, his future wife; he brings her back to Thornfield with him a few weeks later. When a man named Richard Mason, of Spanish Town, Jamaica, shows up, Jane can see that Rochester is disturbed. That night, a scream awakens everyone. Rochester assures his guests it is just a servant's reaction to a nightmare, but after they go back to their rooms, he has Jane secretly tend a bleeding Mason, while he fetches a doctor. Rochester has the doctor take Mason away. Jane receives a letter from her old nurse, Bessie. Jane's cousin, John Reed, has committed suicide, the news of which has so shocked his mother, Sarah Reed, that it has brought on a stroke. Apparently, Mrs. Reed has been asking to see Jane. Jane returns to Gateshead, where her dying aunt shows her a letter from Jane's paternal uncle, John Eyre, asking for her to go to live with him in Madeira. He wants to adopt Jane and bequeath her at his death. Jane notices that the letter was dated three years ago. Mrs. Reed admits to telling her uncle that Jane had died of typhus at Lowood School. She tells Jane that she  has been cursed by her. Jane forgives her aunt and returns to Thornfield, where she begins corresponding with John Eyre. Jane informs Rochester that she must leave Thornfield, due to his impending marriage to Blanche Ingram. But Rochester suddenly proclaims his love for Jane and proposes to her; they kiss passionately. However, during the wedding ceremony, Mr. Mason appears, along with a lawyer, declaring that Mr. Rochester cannot marry Jane, because he is still married to Mr. Mason’s sister, Bertha; he adds that his sister is still living at Thornfield Hall. Mr. Rochester admits this is true and takes Jane to meet his wife, calling her his own demon; they find her locked away in a room at Thornfield. Rochester tells Jane that his father wanted him to marry Bertha for her money. Once they were married, he discovered that she was rapidly descending into madness and was forced to lock her away in Thornfield; she was the one responsible for the strange happenings in the house. Refusing to go against her principles, and despite her love for Rochester, Jane leaves Thornfield in the middle of the night. After Jane regains her health, St. John finds her a teaching position at a nearby charity school. One night, St. John appears, informing her that her uncle, John Eyre, has died, leaving her all his property and that she is rich, to the tune of 20,000 pounds. Jane offers to share the money with St. John and his sisters, suggesting that they live together at Moor house; they agree to the offer. St. John asks Jane to marry him and go with him to India. Jane agrees to go to India with him, but rejects the marriage proposal, suggesting that they travel as brother and sister, as that's how she sees their relationship. On the moor, Jane suddenly hears Rochester's voice calling her name. Jane returns to Thornfield, only to find the house a blackened ruin. She learns from Mrs. Fairfax that Rochester's wife set the house on fire and died, jumping from the roof. Jane finds Rochester, but in the rescue attempt he has lost his eyesight. Jane reunites with him and they embrace."] ["After being released from prison after six years, ex-convict Brett Hanson becomes lost in a new and unfamiliar world of freedoms and responsibilities. Struggling to reconcile himself with his disastrous past, he embarks on a journey to his home of Southern Louisiana to reunite with the ex-wife he left behind, May . Along this journey, he meets two teenagers: Martine , a troubled 15-year-old who has just escaped her family, and Gordy , a geeky outcast desperately seeking acceptance. Martine and Gordy offer to give Brett a lift home, and on the ensuing road trip the three reflect on their own personal misfit status while discovering in themselves and each other the acceptance each so deeply desires. Brett weighs whether to start a new life or rekindle his love with May -- he's not sure she'll take him back -- while Martine reevaluates her relationships with boys and her family and Gordy struggles with his affection for Martine."] ["In the early 1970s, the twins are essentially purchased by sleazy manager  with plans to turn them into rock stars. The brothers form a punk rock band called the Bang Bang. As the band's success grows, a music journalist, Laura , follows the band writing an article. A romantic relationship develops between Laura and Tom causing friction between the two brothers."] ["Life is difficult in a small town in British Columbia, Canada in the wake of a terrible school bus accident in which numerous local children are killed. Hardly able to cope with the loss, their grieving parents are approached by a lawyer, Mitchell Stephens , who wants them to sue for damages by claiming the bus was faulty. Stephens is aware that urging for a class action suit while the town is so aggrieved is ethically questionable, but persists anyway. He is meanwhile haunted by his dysfunctional relationship with his own adult daughter whom he may soon lose permanently to drug abuse. At first most of the parents are reluctant to sue, but eventually they are persuaded by Stephens that filing a class action lawsuit would ease their minds and also be the right thing to do. As most of the children are dead, the case now depends on the few surviving witnesses to say the right things in court. In particular, it is 15-year-old Nicole Burnell , who was sitting at the front of the bus and is now paralyzed from the waist down, whose deposition is all-important. Before the accident, Nicole was a budding country music prodigy and she senses that her parents want justice and a large cash settlement to replace her lost music earnings—and not necessarily in that order. In the pretrial deposition, she unexpectedly accuses driver Dolores Driscoll ([[Gabrielle Rose  of speeding and thus causing the accident. When she does so, all hopes of holding the bus company liable vanish along with the possibility of a big settlement. It is implied that Nicole's motivation was partly to thwart and punish her parents, especially her sexually abusive father. Those involved know that Nicole is lying but can do nothing. The trial never occurs, leaving the townspeople, and Stephens, to cope in other ways with the uncertain future."] ["Alma can't stand to have one more birthday without seeing her estranged daughter, Elizabeth, who lives in Sydney, Australia. But Alma doesn't fit into her daughter's political-hostess life even for a visit, and she finds more sympathy in her granddaughter. Alma, in a burst of rebellion, buys a supercharged hotrod and sets out on a voyage of self-discovery to Melbourne. Along the way, she meets con artists, gangsters, and a ponytailed white-knight in a camper and she finds not only adventure and romance, but also the courage to go back and face her relationship with her daughter and set it right."] ["Rogue Trader tells the true story of Nick Leeson, an employee of Barings Bank who after a successful spell working for the firm's office in Indonesia is sent to Singapore as General Manager of the Trading Floor on the SIMEX exchange. The movie follows Leeson's rise as he soon becomes one of Barings' key traders. However, everything isn't as it appears&nbsp;— through the 88888 error account, Nick is hiding huge losses as he gambles away Baring's money with little more than the bat of an eyelid from the powers-that-be back in London. Eventually the losses mount up to well over £800 million and Nick, along with his wife Lisa, decide to leave Singapore and escape to Malaysia. Nick doesn't realise the severity of his losses until he reads in the newspaper that Barings has gone bankrupt. They then decide to return to London but Nick is arrested en route in Frankfurt. Nick is extradited to Singapore where he is sentenced to six and a half years in jail and is diagnosed with colon cancer. Because of this, he did not complete his sentence."] ["Jim Norman, a high school history teacher, moves back to his old hometown to teach after being offered a job there. He moved from the town after he witnessed his brother, Wayne, murdered by a gang of greasers in 1963. The murderers themselves were killed shortly afterward by an oncoming train, having parked on the tracks. Jim has nightmares about his brother's murder as he starts teaching in the town. Students that are close to him start to be involved in various accidents that look like suicides. One by one, students are slain so the greasers, disguised as living teens, can return to class. The greasers plan to kill Jim the same way they murdered Wayne to keep themselves out of Hell. They intend to have a child witness the event, leading them to try to kidnap Jim's son Scott. Jim finds out that there is a way to let his own brother return. The gang also needs the remaining living member of their gang, Carl Mueller, who left before the train struck. Jim finds Carl, who panics, thinking Jim wants revenge. He runs back to town, fulfilling the gang's plan for a reunion. The gang harasses Jim's family to ensure Jim's compliance in reenacting the murder. After the gang releases the family, Jim hides them inside a church, which the demonic gang cannot enter. Jim tries to bring his brother back in the church's graveyard as the gang lures his wife and son outside and hold them hostage. Jim finds that something is blocking Wayne's return, and must cooperate with the thugs in reenacting the murder. He returns to the train tunnel in which the first murder took place, though both he and Carl change their dialogue and actions from those taken 27 years before. Frustrated, the gang leader stabs Carl, which allows Wayne to come back. Wayne distracts the gang while Jim gets his family out of the gang's car. The gang tries to escape in their car, only to have it struck by a ghost train which sends them back to Hell. Wayne offers to have Jim come with him to the afterlife, which Jim refuses. Wayne says he can move on to heaven and see his parents because the greasers are no longer a threat. Wayne goes back to the afterlife as Jim's family heads home."] ["The movie is set during the Dirty War in 1970s Buenos Aires, Argentina, where the military government is abducting those opposed to its rule. Cecilia, a dissident journalist, is kidnapped by the secret police to join the ranks of the 'disappeared'. Cecilia had earlier published a provocative article in her outrage over the disappearance of students protesting bus fares. As her husband Carlos, a theatre director, begins to search frantically for her, he realizes that he has acquired psychic power that enables him to predict the future. This not only puts him in high demand by those who have also lost a loved one, it helps Carlos to foresee what happens to his wife and other detainees. At one point, Carlos visits the Naval Mechanics School, the notorious torture centre. The movie has graphic images of suffering such as the rape and torture scenes of Cecilia and her daughter Teresa. The closing caption mentions that around 30,000 Argentines disappeared between 1976 and 1983."] ['The action takes places mainly on board an old wooden-walled battleship, HMS Battledore, which has been purchased by a Trust for the rehabilitation of young criminals, and intended by the founder to put backbone into young jellyfish. Shortly after joining the board of management of the Trust, Miss Marple witnesses the sudden death of a fellow trustee, who has just returned from a surprise visit to the ship. She manages to obtain a small sample of his snuff, which is found to have been poisoned. She visits the ship, much to the distress of the Captain and crew, who do not like visitors. Her first night on board, one of the officers is murdered - run through with a sword and then hanged. As the police investigation proceeds, the assistant matron is killed, apparently by a poisoned mousetrap. Miss Marple sets a trap by pretending to be left alone at night on the deserted ship, but secretly smuggling in Chief Inspector Craddock and another policeman. She finds a large sum of money hidden in a cannon which turns out to have been embezzled by Commander Breeze-Connington, money he feels is owed to him after he was passed over for promotion. It was protected by a poisoned mousetrap. After the commander appears and admits all, Miss Marple calls out to the police inspector to make the arrest, but he and his colleague have accidentally been locked in and cannot help. Miss Marple and Breeze-Connington engage in a ferocious fencing match, before she is disarmed. Just as he is about to administer the coup de grace, however, he is hit over the head from behind by Mr. Stringer who, alarmed at what might be going on, had secretly rowed out in the dark. The finale is a court martial for Captain Rhumstone who has been accused of mismanagement. Seeing the hilt of the sword toward him, he mistakenly thinks he has been found guilty but is corrected by Miss Marple. Nevertheless, he announces that he must resign just the same because Matron wants to get married, and so does he. He fully realises that it is a golden rule of the trust that there should be no hanky-panky between the sexes on board ship, so he makes his farewell and turns to go. Miss Marple stops him, saying, "I think I speak for my fellow trustees when I say that golden rule is hereby rescinded. You\'re a fine sea dog captain, but it seems to me the Battledore could do with a woman\'s hand at the helm. As Matron and the Captain wave good-bye to Miss Marple, he says, "As soon as I saw her, I said, \'What an old darling\'!"'] ["When his father dies, Paul Prior , a disillusioned and battle-weary war photographer, decides to return home to an isolated town in the South Island of New Zealand. His brother Andrew , a local ostrich farmer, is caught off-guard by Paul's sudden reappearance after 17 years away. Worlds apart, they barely recognise each other. Andrew, a pious man, pressures Paul into staying to help sort out the sale of their father's cottage and the adjoining orchard. Andrew is married to the highly religious Penny . Reluctantly revisiting the dilapidated family property, Paul discovers the old den tucked away in the equipment shed. It belonged to his orchardist father Jeff  who, away from his puritanical wife Iris , had secretly harboured a love of wine, literature and free-thinking philosophy. When Paul as a child had accidentally stumbled upon this wondrous booklined universe, he had been included in his father's secret, promising never to tell anyone about it. Paul sets about clearing up and stumbles upon 16-year-old Celia  in the den. She has been using the derelict hide-away as a private haven to write her stories and to fuel her dream of living in Europe, far away from the small town she longs to escape. Paul curtly sends her away, unaware that she is the daughter of his first girlfriend, Jackie , now the local butcher. Paul's former principal persuades him to take up a temporary relief position at the local high school teaching English. Celia, who has a passion for writing and thirst for experience of the world, is one of his students. Intrigued, Paul allows her to visit him at home. It isn't long, however, before their growing friendship comes under scrutiny from a judgemental Andrew and an envious Jackie. Paul is very protective of Celia, who doesn't think she fits in with the youth culture of the town and feels unsafe at home with her mother's sleazy boyfriend, Gareth . After Gareth beats her, Paul violently confronts him. Celia and Paul are forbidden to see each other. Despite the warnings, Celia continues to visit and Paul encourages her in her ambitions as a writer. While the relationship seems to be something Paul cherishes, we also see his struggle with intimacy with other women and his vices in drink and sometimes drugs. Suddenly, in the middle of winter, Celia goes missing. Paul is the last to see her, but denies knowing her whereabouts. He faces not only mounting suspicions and violent threats within the township itself, but also has his own wavering doubts about his involvement with Celia. Concerned for Celia's safety, Paul admits that on the morning she went missing she'd made him promise not to tell a soul about her ticket to Spain. When Jackie discovers a packed suitcase beneath Celia's bed, along with a passport, the urgency of a police enquiry is raised. As the painful truth gradually emerges, Paul is forced to confront his own family tragedy and betrayal that he ran away from as a youth, and to face the grievous consequences of silence and secrecy that has surrounded his entire adult life. The rest of the film is shown in flashbacks of Paul's teenage years intercut with his interactions with Celia. His suspicion of her parentage is documentes, and he calls attention to the fact that she was born to Jackie eight months after he left. Celia finds Paul's wallet, hidden away in the den, and within it the picture Paul found of Celia as a baby; she assumes he is her father. However, it is revealed that her biological father was actually Paul's father, whom the teenaged Paul  witnessed having sex with Jackie in the den. As a result, Paul's mother Iris shot herself in the river in view of Paul, and that is why he left at age 17. Andrew was kept in the dark about everything, and did not find out about his father and Jackie's affair until Celia was mentioned in his father's will. Andrew blames Paul for his lonely upbringing and for leaving him to grow up with Jeff, whom he never connected with . In a flashback we see Andrew begging Paul to stay as he walks out. Through confrontations with his nephew Jonathan , and later Andrew, Paul learns of how Penny accidentally killed Celia. Jonathan, an aspiring photographer, was given a camera by Paul and used it to take pictures of an unknowing Celia; Andrew found them and took the camera and the photos. Penny stumbled upon them in Andrew's desk, and assumed Celia was Andrew's lover. It wasn't until an angry Andrew saw Celia walking home  that he stopped her to inform her of her inheritance. He took her to his house, and as he was finding the documents, Penny discovered Celia and assumed the worst. Through a misunderstanding of what each was talking about — Celia asking if Penny knew she was Andrew's sister, Penny assuming Celia was mocking her for not knowing she was Andrew's lover — Penny became enraged and pushed Celia over the balcony. Jonathan calls the police, and Andrew, taking the blame for his wife, is arrested. Celia's body is found in a river, and after the funeral, Paul burns the den and reconciles with Jackie. The film closes with a flashback to the last time Paul saw Celia; they openly talk about being siblings, and they say goodbye as she walks down the road to her untimely death."] ['For most of his childhood, 17-year-old Michael Oher  has been in foster care with different families, largely because of his mother\'s drug addiction, throughout Memphis, Tennessee. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend\'s father, whose couch Mike had been sleeping on, asks Burt Cotton ([[Ray McKinnon , the coach of Wingate Christian school, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike\'s size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his abysmal academic record. At his new school, Michael is befriended by a boy named Sean Jr. "SJ" . SJ\'s mother Leigh Anne Tuohy  is a strong-minded interior designer and the wife of wealthy businessman Sean Tuohy . Leigh Anne notices Michael walking on the road, shivering in the cold; when she learns he intends to spend the night huddled outside the school gym, she offers him a place to sleep at her house. The next morning, when she sees Michael leaving, she asks him to spend the Thanksgiving holiday with her family. Slowly, Michael becomes a member of the Tuohy family, even as Leigh Anne\'s rich friends wonder what she is doing. One even suggests that her teenage daughter Collins  is not safe around him, much to Leigh Anne\'s disgust. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael\'s legal guardian, she learns he was separated from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that even though he scored low in almost every category in a career aptitude test, he is in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts". After his grades improve, Michael is allowed to join the school football team. He has a shaky start due to his polite and gentle nature, yet after some encouragement by Leigh Anne to tap into his "protective instincts" and regard his teammates as he would members of his family, Michael dominates on the field. SJ sends out videos of the games to college coaches around the country. Leigh Anne discovers that to get a NCAA Division I scholarship, Michael needs a 2.5 GPA, so they hire a tutor, Miss Sue . Some of the teachers help out as well, and Michael ends up with a GPA of 2.52. When coaches come to recruit Michael, Leigh Anne makes it clear that she prefers the University of Mississippi  as both she and her husband are alumni. Miss Sue, another Ole Miss alumna, tells Michael  that the FBI buries body parts under the University of Tennessee\'s Neyland Stadium for research; Leigh Anne particularly loathes that school. Michael commits to Ole Miss. Subsequently, Michael and the Tuohys become the subject of an NCAA investigation. The investigator tells Michael that the Tuohys and Miss Sue are fervent Mississippi boosters, who are subject to special restrictions, and his high school coach got a job at Ole Miss after Michael chose the school. Michael confronts Leigh Anne, asking her if she only took him in so he would play football for her alma mater. Michael then goes to his birth mother\'s apartment in the projects. His old friends welcome him, but their leader makes crude remarks about Leigh Anne and Collins. Michael becomes angry and in the ensuing fight subdues his former friends and then flees. Leigh Anne searches for Michael. He finally calls her, and they meet. Leigh Anne tells him she will support any decision he makes. Michael satisfies the investigator by explaining that he chose Ole Miss because his whole family has gone there. Later, Leigh Anne and her family take Michael to the Ole Miss campus to begin college. The film ends with an emotional goodbye between Leigh Anne and Michael. The closing credits show the 2009 NFL Draft with the real Michael Oher being drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round. Photographs of Oher and the real Tuohys follow, with Oher\'s success in the NFL detailed. The credits include a dedication to director John Lee Hancock\'s father, a football player and coach who died in 2009.'] ["When the young Iris Murdoch meets fellow student John Bayley at the University of Oxford, he is a naive virgin easily flummoxed by her libertine spirit, arch personality, and obvious artistic talent. Decades later, little has changed and the couple keeps house, with John doting on his more famous wife. When Iris begins experiencing forgetfulness and dementia, however, the devoted John struggles with hopelessness and frustration to become her caretaker, as his wife's mind deteriorates from the ravages of Alzheimer's disease."] ["Angela's Ashes tells the story of Frank McCourt and his childhood after his family are forced to move from America back to Ireland because of financial difficulties and family problems derived from his father's alcoholism. The film chronicles young McCourt's life in Limerick, Ireland, during his childhood in the 1930s and 1940s, the difficulties that ensued, and finally Frank's way of earning enough money to return to the land of his dreams: America. Michael Legge was praised for his portrayal of the adolescent Frank. In particular, he was said to acquiesce his role as an innocent teenager growing up with typical coming of age rites such as sexuality, maturity and peer pressure in a Catholic Irish setting."] ["Catherine Ballou , an aspiring schoolteacher, is traveling by train to Wolf City, Wyoming, to visit her rancher father, Frankie Ballou . En route she unwittingly helps accused cattle rustler Clay Boone  elude his captor, the sheriff , when Boone's Uncle Jed , a drunkard disguised as a preacher, distracts the lawman. She reaches the ranch to find that the Wolf City Development Corporation is trying to take the ranch away from her father, whose only defender is an educated Indian, Jackson Two-Bears . Clay and Jed appear and reluctantly offer to help Catherine. She also hires legendary gunfighter Kid Shelleen  to come and help protect her father from fast-drawing Tim Strawn , alias Silvernose, the hired killer who is threatening Frankie. Shelleen arrives, a drunken stumblebum who is literally unable to hit the broad side of a barn when he shoots and whose pants fall down when he draws his gun. Strawn kills Frankie, and when the townspeople refuse to bring him to justice, Catherine becomes a revenge-seeking outlaw known as Cat Ballou. She and her four gang members rob a train carrying the Wolf City payroll, and Shelleen, inspired by his love for Cat , shapes up and kills Strawn. Later he casually reveals that Strawn was his brother. Cat poses as a lady of loose morals and confronts town boss Sir Harry Percival ([[Reginald Denny , owner of the Wolf City Development Corporation. A struggle ensues, Sir Harry is killed, and Cat is sentenced to be hanged on the gallows. Just after the noose is placed around her neck, Uncle Jed  cuts the rope as she falls through the trapdoor. Her gang then spirits her away in a daring rescue."] ['Hud Bannon  is an ambitious, brash, callous and self-centered man whose life fits him like a cheap suit. He has few interests other than enjoying himself and avoiding responsibility. His life is limited to drinking, brawling in bars, joyriding in his sporty pink Cadillac, and sleeping with women . Although his elderly rancher-father Homer  is a deeply principled man, none of his ethics have rubbed off on Hud; he\'s  the spoiled youngest son and baby-brother of Homer\'s eldest son, Norman. Also living at the Bannon Ranch is Hud\'s teenage nephew Lonnie . Lonnie\'s late father was Hud\'s elder brother, Norman, who died in a car wreck as a result of Hud\'s recklessness. Hud wrongly believes that his brother\'s death is the primary cause of Homer\'s anger and resentment toward him. The age difference between Hud and  Norman makes Hud much nearer in age to his nephew Lonnie than he would otherwise be. Throughout the early part of the film, Lonnie is continuously seeking ways to develop a post-childhood brotherly relationship with Hud, looking toward establishing as a young man the kind of personal bonds that can exist between young-adult brothers. Indeed, in the course of the screenplay\'s unfolding of its events, Hud does begin to open up to his nephew. but for reasons that will later be revealed, the transparent falseness of Hud’s opening up to Lonnie only confirms the despicable nature of his character. Hud, in a true act of adult cruelty  comes to recognize Lonnie’s desire for an emotional attachment to him, and tries to use this attraction to gain Lonnie’s support in his moves against Homer. The central challenge in the screenplay’s plot that the Bannons have to confront is the fact that Homer has probably permanently destroyed the ranch’s operational and financial viability through his own acts of carelessness. He buys some cheap Mexican cattle which, unknown to him, are infected with foot-and-mouth disease. He failed to quarantine these animals , though they had been bought from sources both out of the state and out of the country entirely. Homer only calls in Hud after some of the cattle in the herd have simply dropped dead, without obvious cause. Homer alone decided upon what course of action to take and merely wanted Hud to share standing watch over the dead carcasses in shifts until the state veterinarian arrived to formally test them. Hud, who suspects what the problem might be when Homer tells him the origin of the newly bought cattle, recommends they quickly sell them before word gets out. But Homer, ignoring both Hud’s suggestion and the financial consequences to the ranch, does not alter his decision, and he calls in the state veterinarian . The vet immediately issues a legally binding order that the Bannon ranch be quarantined. Thus, no livestock movement to or from the ranch is possible. After the test results come back, the vet orders the entire herd be destroyed and buried on the ranch under state supervision, to quarantine the infection there and to keep it from spreading. Although this will probably bankrupt the Bannons, Homer complies, rather than risk spreading the disease or passing the problem on to unsuspecting buyers. Hud is angry that his inheritance has been eroded; he attempts to have Homer declared legally incompetent, so that he can usurp control of their ranch. In a key scene, Hud takes Lonnie out for a night on the town. They get drunk and triumph in a barroom brawl. Afterwards, back on the ranch, Hud begins to reflect on "old times" when he and Lonnie\'s father used to do the same thing. He briefly lets down his guard about his feelings toward his brother, Norman\'s untimely death, and his father\'s coldness towards him. Homer confronts Hud as they come into the ranch house; he accuses his son of trying to corrupt Lonnie. Most angering of all to Homer is that fact that he clearly sees the cunning, ulterior motive of Hud in his show of personal attention and feigned affection toward Lonnie, in that Hud is trying to use this attraction to gain Lonnie’s support in his moves against Homer. A huge blowup between father and son ensues; Hud accuses Homer of hypocrisy, "quoting Scripture like he wrote it himself" and nursing a hatred for him over Norman\'s death. Homer reveals that his disappointment runs deeper than that and long predated the fatal wreck: "I took that hard, but I buried it!" He is then goaded by Hud into spilling out his deep, visceral disgust for him, saying that Hud cares about no one but himself and is so unethical that he\'s "not fit to live with." Hud says, "My mama loved me, but then she died." Lonnie and Hud are both attracted to the Bannons\' middle-aged housekeeper, Alma ; yet Hud is crude and insulting to her, while Lonnie is protective. Although Hud\'s attraction to her is  somewhat mutual, Alma keeps her distance because she has already been "around the block" with macho womanizers like Hud. In a drunken rage, Hud forces himself upon Alma, and Lonnie comes to her aid. She promptly flees the ranch, disgusted and demoralized at Hud\'s brutishness. After Lonnie drops her off at the bus station, Hud happens by as she is waiting. He apologizes for his drunken assault, but not for his attraction to her. Driving back to the ranch, Lonnie spots his grandfather at the roadside. Homer has fallen from his horse during a survey of the Bannon ranch. Hud pulls up behind Lonnie, and both try to help Homer, but he does not survive. At the very end, Homer accuses Hud of being eager for him to die. Although Lonnie initially idealized Hud for his charm and liveliness, he is repelled by his uncle\'s treatment of Homer and Alma; Lonnie now sees Hud for what he is. After Homer\'s funeral, Lonnie leaves the ranch, not sure if he will ever return. Lonnie tells Hud to put his half of their inheritance in the bank, then walks off. For a moment, Hud feels the emptiness of his life, which he has created by driving everyone who loved him away. But after a swig of beer and a moment\'s thought, he dismisses Lonnie\'s departure with a deprecating wave and a smile of indifference. Hud goes back into the Bannon house alone; the final fade-out shows the window shade\'s pull-ring, swaying to and fro.'] ['The film is based on the events that happened on the ship Exodus in 1947 as well as events dealing with the founding of the state of Israel in 1948. Nurse Katherine "Kitty" Fremont  is an American volunteer at the Karaolos internment camp on Cyprus, where thousands of Jews - Holocaust survivors - are being held by the British, who won\'t let them go to Palestine. They anxiously wait for the day they will be liberated. Ari Ben Canaan , a Hagannah rebel who previously was a captain in the Jewish Brigade of the British Army in the Second World War, obtains a cargo ship and smuggles 611 Jewish inmates out of the camp for an illegal voyage to Mandate Palestine before being discovered by military authorities. When the British find out that the refugees are in a ship in the harbor of Famagusta, they blockade it. The refugees stage a hunger strike, during which the camp\'s doctor dies, and Ari threatens to blow up the ship and the refugees. The British relent and allow the Exodus safe passage. Meanwhile, Kitty has grown very fond of Karen Hansen , a young Danish-Jewish girl searching for her father, from whom she was separated during the war. She has taken up the Zionist cause, much to the chagrin of Kitty, who had hoped to take young Karen to America so that she can begin a new life there. During this time, opposition to the partition of Palestine into Arab and Jewish states is heating up, and Karen\'s young beau Dov Landau  proclaims his desire to join the Irgun, a radical Zionist underground network. Dov goes to an Irgun address, only to get caught in a police trap. After he is freed, he is contacted by members of the Irgun and is interviewed by Ari Ben Canaan\'s uncle Akiva . Before swearing Dov in, Akiva forces the boy to confess that he was a Sonderkommando in Auschwitz and that he was raped by Nazis. Due to his activities, Akiva has been disowned by Ari\'s father, Barak , who heads the mainstream Jewish Agency trying to create a Jewish state through political and diplomatic means. He fears that the Irgun will damage his efforts, especially since the British have put a price on Akiva\'s head. When Dov successfully bombs the King David Hotel in an act of terrorism, leading to dozens of fatalities, Akiva is arrested and sentenced to hang. Meanwhile, Karen\'s father has been found, but he is ill in hospital in Jerusalem and does not recognize her. Karen has gone to live at Gan Dafna, a fictional Jewish kibbutz near Mount Tabor at which Ari was raised. An actual kibbutz named Dafna is located near the present Lebanese border. Kitty and Ari have fallen in love, but uncle Akiva\'s imprisonment is an obstacle, and Ari must devise a plan to free the prisoners. Dov Landau, who had managed to elude the arresting soldiers, turns himself in so that he can use his knowledge of explosives to rig the Acre prison and plan an escape route. All goes according to plan; hundreds of prisoners, including Akiva, manage to escape. For the historical incident on which this is based, see Acre Prison break. Akiva is fatally shot by British soldiers while evading a roadblock set up to catch the escaped prisoners. Ari is also badly wounded. He makes his way to Abu Yesha, an Arab village near Gan Dafna, where his lifelong friend, Taha,  is the mukhtar. Kitty is brought there and treats his wound. An independent Israel is now in plain view, but Arab nationals commanded by Mohammad Amin al-Husayni, the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem, plot to attack Gan Dafna and kill its villagers. Ari receives prior warning of this attack from Taha, and he manages to get the younger children of the town out in a mass overnight escape. Karen, ecstatic over the prospect of a new nation, finds Dov  and proclaims her love for him; Dov assures her that they will marry someday. As Karen returns to Gan Dafna, she is ambushed and killed by a gang of Arab militiamen. Dov discovers her lifeless body the following morning. That same day, the body of Taha is found hanging in his village, killed by Arab extremists with a Star of David symbol carved on his body. Karen and Taha are buried together in one grave. At the Jewish burial ceremony, Ari swears on their bodies that someday, Jews and Arabs will live together and share the land in peace, not only in death but also in life. The movie then ends with Ari, Kitty, and a Palmach contingent entering trucks and heading toward battle.'] ["During the 1999 Russian Presidential elections, the two leading candidates are Igor Komarov , a former Colonel of the KGB, and a retired General Nikolai Nikolayev . An investigation by the FSB ensues when a car bomb explodes outside one of Komarov’s pharmaceutical companies, and a virus is stolen from inside. Heading the investigation FSB agents Sonia Astrova  and her colleague Andrei Kasanov . They come up against difficulty by the director of the FSB, Anatoly Grishin . A British Embassy worker from Moscow, Sir Nigel Irvine ([[Michael York , travels to southern Spain to try and find Jason Monk , a former CIA operative who ran double agents in the Soviet Union, and tries to convince him to go to Moscow and investigate the Komarov Industries bombing. Eventually, after much persuasion, including help to find his Russian daughter, Monk agrees to go. Once in Moscow, Jason finds an old friend, Victor Akopov , whose brother Sergei was a double agent of Jason’s, who was personally executed by Komarov. Victor agrees to hide Jason from Komarov’s men. Pretending to be a friend of Sonia Astrova’s father, he gains access to her office and steals a sample of residue from the bombing, which he gives to another friend of his, Vladimir Tonkin , a former scientist. Tonkin finds that the explosive used was Semtex H, with a direct traceable link to the FSB. When he tells Jason about his findings, he is killed by Vladimir Dorganosov , the same man who attacked Komarov industries and stole the bioweapon, who has since released it into a Muslim village in Dagestan. Outgoing Russian president Cherkassov  wants the biological situation in Dagestan to be dealt with internally, but later on, after much persuasion from Komarov and Grishin, he sends out an international alert to identity and contain the outbreak. Sonia locates Leonid Zaitzev , a cleaner who worked at the Komarov Industries plant and saw Dorganosov steal the virus, who has gone on the run after his home was ransacked. While questioning him, Grishin arrests Zaitzev and fires Sonia and Andrei. Zaitzev was later by killed by Dorganosov while in custody. Sonia goes home to find Jason waiting for her, and agrees to help him access the FSB network. However, they are fired at by Dorganosov, and a car chase ensues, with Dorganosov tracking them by using Sonia’s phone, until she discards it. They go to Andrei’s house, where they find him already dead. After the chase, Dorganosov demands the rest of his payment from his contractor, who is none other than Anatoly Grishin. While they are arguing, Komarov himself arrives and orders Grishin to kill Dorganosov. While at Victor’s apartment, Jason and Sonia come to realise that Grishin knew about the bombing in advance, and raid his house for information. Jason is injured, and while he is unconscious, Sonia locates his daughter Elena  and brings her to him. While trawling through the information gained from Grishin’s computer, they come across a photograph which reveals that Grishin and Komarov are old friends, and a secret manifesto written by Komarov, which tells of his plans to unleash genocide on any “undesirables” from Russia. Jason realises that the bombing and the theft of the bioweapon were planned by Komarov from the beginning. The virus was released to look like a terrorist attack, allowing Komarov to be elected President, he being the only candidate with an anti-terror campaign. It was also the beginning of the genocide. Jason and Sonia go Komarov’s Presidential opponent, General Nikolayev, who stages a press conference and tells of Komarov’s involvement in the bombing at his facility. However, Grishin arrives and introduces Komarov, who tells of his coincidental ownership of vaccines to every virus in his facility. The move boosts Komarov’s popularity, and leads to his election. Jason and Sonia confront Komarov’s American electoral hacker, Harvey Blackledge , who tells them of a facility outside Moscow. Afterwards, Blackledge was killed by an assassin posing as a taxi driver. Jason and Sonia travel there, and find that Komarov’s famous speech of “sun rays spreading across Russia” means his plan for genocide, with different viruses each targeting different ethnic minorities within the country. After battling to escape the facility, Jason and Sonia find Victor dead in his apartment. Jason then travels to Elena’s house where he is captured by Komarov’s men. After being interrogated by Grishin, he escapes with the help of Elena, and Sonia, who kills Grishin and takes his phone, which allows them to locate the FSB agents spreading the viruses. After Jason secretly hands Grishin's phone to Sir Nigel, he orders the arrests of the rogue FSB agents. Komarov’s plan is revealed publicly, and riots ensue in the streets, calling for his resignation. Komarov, hidden from the public, instigates martial law. When he is spotted, he orders his men to fire into the crowd of people trying to get to him. Before they can fire, however, Nikolayev arrives and commands them to lower their weapons. The crowd storm the building, however Komarov escapes down an alleyway, where he is confronted by Jason Monk and Sonia. As he tries to kill Jason, however, he is shot, and the crowd rushes in and kills him. Nikolayev becomes the acting President, and Sonia is appointed head of the FSB. Jason moves back to Spain with Elena, and resumes his job hiring out a fishing boat."] ["This story is set during World War II in the summer of 1943, in the aftermath of the fall of the Fascist government of Benito Mussolini. The German army uses the ensuing political vacuum to occupy most of the peninsula of Italy. Italo Bombolini , the mayor of the wine-making hill town of Santa Vittoria, learns that the German occupation forces want to take all of Santa Vittoria's wine with them. The townspeople frantically hide a million bottles in a cave before the arrival of a German army detachment under the command of Sepp Von Prum . The Germans are given a few thousand bottles, but Von Prum knows there is a lot more. The two very different men engage in a battle of wits. Finally, with time running out, a frustrated Von Prum threatens to shoot Bombolini unless the hidden wine is given, but no one speaks up. Not being a fanatic, Von Prum leaves without harming the mayor."] ["= German ski instructor Christian Diestl is hopeful that Adolf Hitler will bring new prosperity to Germany, so when war breaks out he joins the army as a lieutenant. Dissatisfied with police duty in Paris, he requests to be transferred and is assigned to the front in North Africa. He sees what the war has done to his captain  and the captain's wife , and he is sickened by their behavior. Michael Whiteacre and Noah Ackerman befriend each other during their U.S. Army draft physical examination and attend basic training together. They are then stationed in London. Michael is in show business and romantically involved with socialite Margaret Freemantle  who, coincidentally, in 1938 dated Christian in the Bavarian Alps when she went on a skiing vacation. She was upset by his Nazi beliefs and deserted him on New Year's Eve to return to Michael. Noah, who is Jewish and works as a lowly department store clerk, attends a party Michael throws, where he meets Hope Plowman. She falls in love with him and introduces her fiancé to her provincial father, who doesn't like Jews but has never met one. After a chat with Noah, the father approves of the marriage. In the service, a commanding officer and some of the tough guys in his company try to bully Noah and demonstrate their bigotry. Noah gains the respect of the enlisted men by standing up to them in a series of fist fights, even though he's much smaller and is badly hurt. Each of these soldiers come to view the war differently. Christian is conflicted, hating what the war has done to his fellow Germans but unable to escape from his role in it. He despises what his fellow soldiers have done in the name of the Fatherland but is determined to fulfill his duty to the end. Michael spends most of the war in a comfortable job, nowhere near any fighting, thanks to his Broadway fame. He finally decides to join the fight after Margaret shames him into it. By pulling strings, he rejoins his old outfit on the front in the war's final days, almost too late to matter. Noah simply does his duty to the best of his ability, hoping to live through the horrors of war and get home safely to his wife and their new baby. He has a heroic moment where he risks his own life to save a fellow soldier, one who was especially prejudiced against him in boot camp. He then helps liberate a concentration camp full of Jews and comes face-to-face with the German result of virulent anti-Semitism. The war is all but over as Christian finds himself alone in a remote setting. Michael and Noah happen along at the same time, and the momentary confrontation between them typifies the madness and futility of war."] ["The 1998 film, directed by Paul McGuigan, dramatises three stories from the book: * The Granton Star Cause is a comedy, where Boab is having a very bad day indeed. His parents throw him out so they can indulge in sado-masochism and he is sacked from his job, dumped by his girlfriend and dropped from his football team. It has elements of Franz Kafka's The Metamorphosis. One of the characters is a pitiless and profane God, who transforms him into a fly as punishment for wasting his life. * A Soft Touch: Kevin McKidd plays a cuckolded husband while Gary McCormack is Larry, the ruthless upstairs neighbour who steals his electricity and his wife, played by Michelle Gomez. * The Acid House: An acid trip and a bolt of lightning result in amiable schemie Coco Brice exchanging bodies with the baby of a middle class couple. All three sections are independent, but are linked by setting and by the reappearance of incidental characters, in particular Maurice Roëves who appears variously as an inebriated wedding guest, a figure in a dream, and a pub patron. All three of his parts symbolise a human manifestation of God. The film offended elements of the UK tabloid press with a depiction of a cynical and jaded, foul-mouthed God. In some English-speaking countries  it has been screened with subtitles because of the heavy Edinburgh accents."] ['{{main}} The film opens with images of Venetian life in 1596, especially discrimination against the Jews. Words on the screen inform the audience about anti-Semitism in the period, describing the system of the ghetto and Jewish usury. Shylock and Antonio are seen among a crowd watching Jews being thrown from the Rialto Bridge into the canal. Otherwise, the film follows the plot of Shakespeare\'s play closely. There are some significant emendations: In Act III, scene I, Tubal tells Shylock that in Genoa, a person "showed me a ring that he had of your daughter for a monkey." Shylock replies "Thou torturest me, Tubal: It was my turquoise; I had it of Leah when I was a bachelor; I would not have given it for a wilderness of monkeys." Nothing more is said of it. However, in an added scene at the end of the film, there is a close-up shot of the turquoise ring on Jessica\'s finger, implying that Jessica has somewhat remained loyal to her Jewish heritage. Another significant emendation is that we don\'t see that Antonio receives the good news that three of his ships were not stranded and have returned safely after all at the end of the film.'] ["Middle-aged Lilly Moffatt  sets up a school in a Welsh coal mining town, despite the determined opposition of the local squire . Eventually, she considers giving up. Then she discovers a promising student Morgan Evans , a miner seemingly destined for a life of hard work and heavy drink. With renewed hope, she works hard to help him realise his potential. Through diligence and perseverance, Morgan gets the opportunity to take an examination for Oxford University with, hopefully, a prized scholarship. Moffatt, the rest of the teachers, and their students are hopeful Morgan will pass the Oxford interview, and so he does. However, Bessie Watty , a young woman who has recently given birth to Morgan's child, blackmails the faculty into giving her part of Morgan's scholarship money in order to help raise the baby. The conniving young woman has designs on another male suitor. Instead, Moffatt volunteers to adopt the child so that Morgan's academic future will not be ruined and Watty will be free to marry another man, unfettered by her responsibility to the child . Morgan quickly hears about Watty's scandalous, self-serving motives, and insists upon raising the child himself. Through a heartfelt and persuasive conversation, Moffatt convinces the young man to continue his higher education and contribute something to the world."] ["Three couples are followed as they struggle to have children. Diana and Andy Douglas are a newlywed with great careers trying to have a baby for eleven months, without any results. As they visit the doctor, they are crushed to find out that Diana has problems with her ovary and she has a 1 in 10,000 chance to become pregnant. Diana, who always wanted to have a child, considers finding a surrogate mother, but the process proves to be very painful because Andy always wanted to have a child as well, she thinks she is preventing him from living his dream and files for divorce. Eventually, Andy convinces Diana that he only wants to be with her and together, they decide to adopt a child. They find Jane, a student who thinks a baby will destroy her promising future. After giving birth to a girl, Hilary, Diana is filled with joy to finally become a mother. Jane, however, changes her mind and claims her baby back. Meanwhile, Diana turns out to be pregnant after all and in the end, she ends up with two children, following Jane's decision not to have the child after all. Another plot involves Charlie Winwood, an orphan who, like Diana, always wanted to have children. He is married to Barbie, an aspiring actress who isn't too enthusiastic to become a mother. While Barbie is on a vacation in Las Vegas, Charlie makes a visit to the doctor and finds out he is sterile. However, five weeks later, Barbie announces she is pregnant, which means she cheated on him. Charlie immediately leaves her and later meets Beth, another orphan who is now enjoying her life as a single mother. They fall in love with each other and soon marry. Not only does Charlie become the father figure of her child, but they also decide to adopt another child. The plot also centers on Pilar and Brad Coleman, an older couple who, after Brad's daughter announces she is pregnant, decide to try and become pregnant as well. The age proves to be a great obstacle. Even after an artificial insemination, she suffers a miscarriage. Crushed, she decides not to continue the process, until she becomes pregnant. She eventually delivers twins, but one of them dies."] ['In Los Angeles, California, on January 15, 1947, police officers Dwight \'Bucky\' Bleichert  and Lee Blanchard , investigate the murder of Elizabeth Short . As he is investigating, Bucky learns that Elizabeth was an aspiring actress, although she had not had any big breaks in her career. However, Elizabeth had become desperate for money and was paid to make a "stag" film with a friend of hers, Lorna Mertz. Through questioning a former roommate of Elizabeth, Bucky is told that Elizabeth liked to hang out with "sisters" or lesbians. He goes to a lesbian nightclub and meets a woman, Madeleine Linscott , who looks like Elizabeth. She tells him that she knew Elizabeth well, but because she is from a prominent family, she insists that her name be kept out the papers. In exchange for his silence, she promises him sexual favors and the two sleep together. Through his own investigation of the murder, Lee becomes obsessed with the case and trying to track the killer. His obsession leads him to become erratic and slightly abusive towards his longtime girlfriend Katherine \'Kay\' Lake , who is also close friends with Bucky. Through his relations with Madeleine, he meets her father, Emmett Linscott, her mother, Ramona, who is addicted to prescription medication, and her sister, Martha. A few days later, after having an argument with Lee about an old case, Lee and Bucky have a fight and Bucky leaves. He later goes to Kay and Lee\'s home looking for him, only to find him gone. He questions Kay as to where he is and she confesses that there was a tip about a drug deal occurring with a recently released convict, Bobby DeWitt, that Lee had helped send to jail. Bucky goes to the location of the drug deal, and is involved with an altercation with Bobby DeWitt on the main stairs in the atrium of the building. Bobby gets away, and Bucky chases him up the stairs, only to find Bobby shot to death. Bucky looks up to see that it was Lee, standing on the stairs across the lobby, who had murdered Bobby. Bucky sees a shadowed figure holding a rope sneak up behind Lee, and Bucky calls out to warn him. However, the shadowed man is able to wrap his rope around Lee\'s neck, but Lee fights back until they are both backed up against the railing of the stairs. Bucky is in shock and is unable to help Lee. As Lee continues to struggle, another shadowed figure walks up to Lee and the man with the rope and slits Lee\'s neck, causing both men to fall over the railing and onto a fountain several floors below, leading to the death of both. While dealing with the grief of losing Lee, Kay and Bucky sleep together and begin dating. Bucky is still intent on solving Elizabeth\'s murder, along with Lee\'s, and his search for answers leads him to an old housing site that Madeleine\'s father helped build. In one of the houses, Bucky sees the set that was used to film the porn movie that Elizabeth was in. Bucky also finds a barn on the property, which is below the Hollywoodland sign and a drawing of a man with a Glasgow smile drawn on the wall with blood. It is also the picture that Madeleine has in her parents\' house, and is also the same smile that was carved into Elizabeth\'s face during her murder. Bucky then accuses Madeleine\'s father Emmett ([[John Kavanagh  and Madeleine of murdering Elizabeth. However, Madeleine\'s mother Ramona  reveals that she was the one to kill Elizabeth, one of the reasons being that she looked so much like her Madeleine. A few moments after her confession, Ramona kills herself in front of Bucky, Madeleine, and Emmett. A few days later, Bucky goes to the Linscott\'s house again, and after speaking with Madeleine\'s sister, he discovers that it was Madeleine who had murdered Lee, as Lee was trying blackmail her father, as he was desperate for money. Bucky finds Madeleine at a motel, and although she insists that he won\'t shoot her because he would rather have sex with her, he tells her she is wrong and shoots her dead. Bucky later goes to Kay\'s house, and when she opens the door he sees a crow chirping by Elizabeth\'s body on the front lawn, then realizes that it was only a hallucination. Kay tells him to come in and closes the door as the film ends.'] ["The film stars William Powell as Arthur Peabody, who is undergoing a mid-life crisis as he approaches his 50th birthday. Much of the story is shown in flashback as Peabody tells his skeptical doctor the source of malaise. Peabody goes on vacation with his wife Polly  to a Caribbean resort. While there, he hears singing coming from a distant key  and takes his boat to do a little fishing. To his surprise, he reels in Lenore, a beautiful mermaid played by Ann Blyth. Although mute, Lenore is mischievous and childlike and more than a little bit alluring – so much so that before long Peabody has taught her to kiss. He hides Lenore by letting her soak in a suds-filled bathtub and then in the resort’s fish pond. But confusion ensues as his wife thinks he has a big fish in their bathtub and later suspects him of infidelity with Cathy Livingston , a vacationing singer. Things get even more complicated when, after Polly returns home without Peabody, police suspect him of murder. At the film's conclusion, Arthur Peabody and his wife are happily back at home in Boston with only Lenore’s comb left to prove the reality of his adventure."] ["Marielle is happily married to Charles Delauney, and they have a four-year-old son together, Andre. After being visited by Marielle's parents, who warn her about Charles, Marielle, Charles and Andre go on holiday in Switzerland. While Marielle is being greeted by a neighbor, Andre tries to get his ball from the lake and ends up drowning. Charles blames Marielle, and she ends up having a nervous breakdown. Two years later, Charles visits her in a hospital and tells her he still loves her, and although she confesses she loves him too, she says they can't rebuild the past. They divorce, and Marielle begins a new life in New York. There, she meets Malcolm Patterson, the only person to employ her. After showering her with gifts and romantic meals, Malcolm proposes, and after much persuasion she accepts. Shortly after they are married, Malcolm and Marielle begin trying for a baby and when she is unable to conceive, Malcolm is clearly angry. She attempts to tell him about her past but he doesn't listen, and tells her never to think about the past. Three months later, she visits him at the office and is introduced to his new secretary, Ms. Saunders. She announces she is pregnant. Malcolm hires a nanny for Marielle, much to her annoyance. When their son Theodore is born, the nanny insists that consistency is important in Teddy's life. Malcolm begins preparing a train set for Christmas. Marielle attempts to tell him about the anniversary of her first son's death, but he cuts her short. The next day, she goes to church and lights a candle for Andre alone, however bumps into her ex-husband Charles there. They talk about the past and share a hug, which is witnessed by her chauffeur. The next day, Marielle takes Teddy to the park and once again, sees Charles. He is angry that Marielle didn't mention having another son, and says it's not fair that she has a husband, a new life and a son and he has nothing. He then asks her if she'd go to the ends of the earth to find someone she loved, and she hurries off. That night she is on the phone to Malcolm and hears something upstairs. She tells Malcolm who tells her not to worry. After they end the phone call she goes upstairs anyway and sees the nanny gagged and tied up, and discovers Teddy is missing. While the house is being searched, detective John Taylor questions the servants and the chauffeur tells about how he saw Marielle with Charles. John then questions Marielle and Malcolm listens, stunned, while she tells about her past. Marielle insists it isn't in Charles's nature to hurt a child. The police search Charles's house and find Teddy's blue pyjamas there. He is arrested on suspicion of kidnap. Marielle goes to the police station and Charles insists he didn't kidnap Teddy. In court, all the evidence seems to be pointing to Charles. However, outside John Taylor reveals to Marielle that Malcolm knew all about her past. It is later revealed that Malcolm kidnapped his own son - he had been having an affair with Ms. Saunders and that he was going to start a new life with her and Teddy, and that he'd only married Marielle to get a baby, as Ms. Saunders was infertile. Marielle and Malcolm divorce, and at the end of the film, John reveals he loves Marielle as she prepares to begin a new life with Teddy in Vermont."] ["Hercule Poirot is travelling on the Orient Express. While on the journey, Poirot meets a very close friend Bouc, who works for the Compagnie Internationale des Wagons-Lits. The train is stopped when a landslide blocks the line on the second night out from Istanbul, and American millionaire Samuel Edward Ratchett is found stabbed to death the next morning. Since no footprints are visible around the train and the doors to the other cars were locked, it seems that the murderer must still be among the passengers in Ratchett's car. Poirot and Bouc work together to solve the case. They are aided by Pierre Michel, the middle-aged French conductor of the car. A key to the solution is Ratchett's revealed involvement in the Armstrong tragedy in America several years earlier, in which a baby was kidnapped and then murdered."] ['Art professor and mountaineer Dr. Jonathan Hemlock  is a retired government assassin called on to return to work for two more "sanctions", a euphemism for officially approved killings. During his career with a secret government agency called "C2", Hemlock amassed a private collection of 21 rare masterpiece paintings, paid for from his previous sanctions. The director of C2, Mr. Dragon , is an albino ex-Nazi confined to semi-darkness and kept alive by blood transfusions. Dragon wants Hemlock to kill two men responsible for the death of another government agent, codename Wormwood. Insisting he is retired, Hemlock refuses until Dragon threatens to expose Hemlock\'s art collection to the IRS. Hemlock agrees, and he travels to Zurich and carries out the first sanction for $20,000, twice his usual fee, and a letter guaranteeing no trouble from the IRS. Returning from Europe, Hemlock meets C2 courier Jemima Brown , who seduces him and steals his money and IRS exemption letter. Dragon agrees to return them if Hemlock completes another assassination. Hemlock is reluctant, but agrees when he learns that the C2 agent killed, Wormwood, was in fact an old friend of his named Henri Baq . He demands $100,000 plus expenses. He is told the target is a member of an international mountain climbing team which in the summer will ascend the north face of the Eiger in Switzerland. Hemlock will be the American member of the team, and must kill one of the climbers—C2 is unsure of the target\'s identity, and Hemlock is only told that the man walks with a limp. Hemlock travels to Arizona to train at a climbing school run by a friend, Ben Bowman , who whips him back into shape with the help of an attractive Native American woman called George . Hemlock also encounters an enemy, Miles Mellough , a former ally from the military who betrayed him in Southeast Asia. He tries to kill Hemlock by hiring George to drug him, but Hemlock survives. Later he lures him and his bodyguard into the desert, where he shoots the bodyguard and leaves Mellough to die in the sun. Hemlock travels to Switzerland with Bowman, the "ground man" or supervisor of the climb, and meets the other members of the climbing party at the Hotel Bellevue des Alpes at Kleine Scheidegg. After a brief conflict within the climbing team, mainly due to the headstrong German member, Karl Freytag , the men begin their ascent of the Eiger North Face in poor weather conditions. The French climber is struck by falling rocks and dies. With Hemlock now leading, the surviving members retreat towards a tunnel window that connects to a railroad station inside the mountain, carrying the dead climber between them. At the last moment, Freytag and the Austrian Anderl Meyer  fall to their deaths when their anchors come loose. Hemlock is saved, dangling alone a few meters from the tunnel window. Bowman and a rescue crew make their way through the Eiger to the tunnel window, where they attempt to throw a rope to Hemlock. Hemlock notices Bowman is limping, a sign that identifies him as Hemlock\'s target. Hemlock says, "You\'re limping, Ben," reluctant to trust that Bowman will rescue him. Bowman throws him the rope, and Hemlock attaches it, then reluctantly cuts his own rope. He falls onto Bowman\'s rope, and is pulled into the tunnel to safety. On the train back to Kleine Scheidegg, Bowman admits he became involved with "the other side" years earlier and had no idea there would be a killing. Bowman admits he had become involved with Miles Mellough because he owed a debt to him, that he had gotten his daughter George off drugs. Back at Kleine Scheidegg, Hemlock is approached by Bowman, who looks to mend his relationship with the assassin—wondering if he still counts Bowman among his "friends". After Hemlock is rejoined by Jemima Brown, he takes a phone call from Dragon who assumes Hemlock killed all three of the other climbers intentionally, to ensure he killed the target. Jemima wonders if Dragon is correct.'] ['A band of friends go on a drunken, all-night spree, spending a night in a high-class San Francisco brothel.'] ['Emotional Arithmetic focuses primarily on three people who formed a bond in the Drancy internment camp, where they were imprisoned by the Nazis during World War II: Jakob Bronski , who saw goodness in two orphaned children in the camp, Melanie  and Christopher , and who helped them to survive. Decades after their release from Drancy, their emotional wounds still affect their lives in different ways when they meet again. Now in her 50s, Melanie is married to David Winters , a cold and grouchy older professor of history, who was once her teacher and who has been unfaithful to her with his current students. A now-elderly poet, Jakob, having survived the gulag, has recently been released from a Russian psychiatric hospital. Christopher, a non-Jewish Irishman who had been interred at Drancy by mistake, now works as an entomologist in Paris. The three are reunited at a farm in the Eastern Townships of Quebec, where Melanie and David live with their grown son, Benjamin , a gourmet cook, who prepares a "life-changing" meal served outside, at a table set up under a tree.'] ["The film is an exposé of the lives and loves of the residents of a small New England mill town, where scandal, homicide, suicide, incest, and moral hypocrisy hide behind a tranquil façade in the years immediately preceding and following World War II. At the core of its plot are three women. Constance MacKenzie is a prim and proper sexually repressed woman who had an affair with a married New York City businessman and bore him a child out of wedlock. She has struggled to shield her daughter Allison, a high school senior and aspiring author, from her tarnished past, leading her to believe she returned to Peyton Place with her newborn baby after her husband died. Selena Cross, Allison's best friend, is a good girl living on the wrong side of the tracks. Her alcoholic step-father, Lucas Cross, terrorizes the family, abusing his wife and child behind closed doors. Other characters include Allison's classmate and confidant Norman Page, anxious to gain his independence; bad girl Betty Anderson, who longs to have a relationship with wealthy Rodney Harrington; new school principal Michael Rossi, who attempts to crack Constance's icy veneer; and Dr. Matthew Swain, the town's leading physician who places his long time medical career in jeopardy to save Selena during the trial in which she is charged with Lucas's murder."] ['In 1931 Berlin, American artist Sally Bowles  performs at the Kit Kat Klub. A new arrival in the city, Brian Roberts ([[Michael York , moves into Sally\'s boarding house. A reserved English academic and writer, Brian gives English lessons to earn a living while completing his doctorate in Philosophy. Sally unsuccessfully tries to seduce Brian and suspects he may be gay. Brian tells Sally that on three previous occasions he has tried to have physical relationships with women, all of which have failed. The unlikely pair become friends, and Brian is witness to Sally\'s anarchic, bohemian life in the last days of the German Weimar Republic. Later in the film, Sally and Brian become lovers despite their earlier reservations, and Brian and Sally conclude with irony that his previous failures with women were because they were "the wrong three girls." Sally befriends Maximilian von Heune , a rich playboy baron who takes her and Brian to his country estate. It becomes ambiguous which of the duo Max is seducing, epitomized by a scene in which the three dance intimately together in a wine-induced reverie. After a sexual experience with Brian, Max loses interest in the two, and departs for Argentina. When Sally triumphantly tells Brian that she slept with Max, Brian begins to laugh and reveals that he slept with Max as well. After the ensuing argument, Brian storms off and picks a fight with a group of Nazis, who beat him senseless. Brian and Sally make up in their rooming house, where Sally reveals that Max left them an envelope of money. Later on, Sally finds out that she\'s pregnant and is unsure whether Brian or Max is the father. Brian offers to marry her and take her back to his university life in Cambridge. After a scene that strongly hints Sally prefers the life of a singer to the life of a mother and housewife, she proceeds with an abortion. When Brian confronts her, she shares her fears and the two reach an understanding. The film ends with Brian departing for England by train, and Sally continuing her life in Berlin, singing "Cabaret" to a highly appreciative audience.  {{original research}} A subplot concerns Fritz Wendel , a German Jew passing as a Christian. Fritz eventually reveals his true religious background when he falls for Natalia Landauer , a wealthy German Jewish heiress. Although they marry, the audience are left wondering what their fate will be. The Nazis\' violent rise is a powerful, ever-present undercurrent in the film. Though explicit evidence of their actions is only sporadically presented, their progress can be tracked through the characters\' changing actions and attitudes. While in the beginning of the film National Socialist members are sometimes harassed and even kicked out of the Kit Kat Klub, a scene midway through the film shows everyday Germans rising in song to rally around National Socialism, and the final shot of the film shows the cabaret\'s audience is dominated by Nazi party members. While he does not play a role in the main plot or subplot, the "Emcee"  serves in the role of storyteller throughout the film, acting as a sort of voyeur in the circus atmosphere. His surface demeanor is one of benevolence and hospitality , but when the floor show gets underway, he exposes the audience to the seedy world of the Cabaret. His intermittent songs in the Kit Kat Klub are risque and pointedly mock the Nazis. In a scene when Sally experiences delirium, the Emcee is seen holding her breasts - the significance of this is never explained, and it is not clear if it is memory or fantasy. The rise of the National Socialist movement and their increasing influence on German society is dramatically demonstrated in the beer garden scene: A boy — only his face seen — sings to the seated guests what first seems an innocent lyrical song about the beauties of nature. This gradually becomes the strident "Tomorrow Belongs to Me" as the camera shifts to show that the boy is wearing a brown Hitler Youth uniform and lifts his hand in the Nazi salute. One by one, nearly all guests in the beer garden get up and voluntarily join in the singing and saluting. The oldest gentleman among them, however, obviously feels differently, and does not share the common exaltation; he obviously has grown wise enough not to join the chorus and turns away uneasily. Max and Brian flee the beer garden after the show of grass roots solidarity, realising that the Nazis will be difficult to "control" now. Earlier in the film the NSDAP enjoyed relative favor with the main characters, due to their strong opposition to Communism, which was a natural risk to the trio\'s increasingly lavish lifestyle. Although the songs throughout the film allude to and advance the narrative, every song except "Tomorrow Belongs to Me" is executed in the context of a Kit Kat Klub performance. The voice heard on the radio reading the news throughout the film in German was that of associate producer Harold Nebenzal, whose father Seymour Nebenzahl made such notable Weimar films such as M , Testament of Dr. Mabuse , and Threepenny Opera .'] ['Returning to the small Florida town where he grew up, Billy Turner  learns that his father has been killed. With little help from the police, Billy will take matters into his own hands and go up against a ruthless local mob in a desperate search to find the killer.'] ['{{plot}} Dr. Edward Pretorius  is a scientist who has developed the Resonator, a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality. His assistant, Dr. Crawford Tillinghast , activates the machine and soon sees strange creatures in the air. When he is bitten by one of them, he urges Pretorius to turn the machine off. However, the crazed Pretorius refuses, claiming that the machine\'s effects on his brain are giving him an "orgasm of the mind." Events transpire to the point where Crawford escapes Pretorius\' attic laboratory with an axe, fleeing outside. When the police arrive, they find Pretorius decapitated. Crawford is arrested for the murder. Crawford is committed to a psychiatric ward, where he is treated by Dr. Katherine McMichaels . After Crawford gives his account of Pretorius\' death, Katherine conducts a brain scan and notice that Crawford\'s pineal gland has grown. Katherine, convinced of Crawford\'s innocence, decides to let him return to the house in order to show her the Resonator. They are accompanied by Detective Bubba Brownlee , who investigated Pretorius\' death. Upon returning to the house, Katherine and Crawford rebuild the Resonator. Crawford reactivates the machine, which causes more creatures to appear. A severely deformed Pretorius, still alive, appears in the attic and tells the trio of a world beyond that is more pleasurable than normal reality. Pretorius\' body gruesomely breaks apart when Crawford attempts to touch him, leading Bubba to draw his gun and fire at the mad doctor. Crawford shuts off The Resonator, making Pretorius and the creatures vanish. It is now morning, and the three discuss the creatures over breakfast. Katherine - who insists that the Resonator could possibly cure schizophrenia - suggests that they turn the machine back on, but Bubba and Crawford disagree. They all go to sleep, each with a headache. But while everyone is sleeping, Katherine gets back up to feel the pleasure from the machine and turns it back on, bringing forth a worried Crawford and the now almost unrecognizable Edward who is mutated and covered in slime. Bubba enters the scene as Edward grabs Katherine and rips off her clothes, preparing to eat her mind and take her to the world of beyond. Crawford and Bubba go down into the basement to shut off the power, but encounter a giant worm-monster, prompting Crawford to conclude the vibration waves permeate the entire house. The worm begins to devour Crawford, but Bubba succeeds in shutting off the power, bringing a hairless Crawford back, and sending Edward away. The freed Katherine then turns off the machine and meets the others downstairs, crying and feeling ashamed and horrified for turning it back on. Bubba decides that they should leave the house, but as Katherine puts lotion on Crawford\'s inflamed skin, she expresses her desire to monitor the machine to figure out where the creatures are coming from. Bubba refuses and tells her to go get dressed. She begins to explore other parts of the house, finding Edward\'s old S&M outfits and putting one on. She then starts to tease a sleeping Crawford, until Bubba comes in and tells her to snap out of it, which she does, throwing a robe over the outfit. All of a sudden the power returns and The Resonator turns back on, as all three of them run up into the attic to deactivate it. Katherine and Crawford are attacked by little bee-like creatures that strip the flesh off of their victims, and as Bubba pushes them out of the way, he is devoured to the bone. A now almost fully mutated Edward, without any legs or proper arms, grabs Katherine and starts to drag her flesh torn, bleeding body towards him. Crawford fights Edward and succeeds in freeing Katherine but then his enlarged pineal gland pops out of his forehead like an antenna. Katherine short circuits the machine by spraying it repeatedly with a fire extinguisher. She then takes Crawford back to the hospital, where she is evaluated for insanity and schizophrenia, since her story was just like Crawford\'s and she is blamed by Dr. Bloch and the police for this evening\'s events. Vindictive Dr. Bloch then orders for Katherine to get shock treatment. Dr. Bloch then goes to perform an autopsy on an undead Crawford, who is on the lookout for brains to eat with the use of his antenna. As Katherine is being prepared for shock treatment by a sadistic staff member, Crawford attacks and eats Dr. Bloch\'s brain. Katherine escapes, gets new clothes, and drives back to the house with a bomb. Crawford follows her on a hijacked ambulance car. Katherine puts the bomb on The Resonator, sets it for 5 minutes, and goes to leave, only to have Crawford chain her up in Edward\'s S&M room, claiming that he loves her. As he is about to eat her brain, she bites off his exposed, enlarged pineal gland, reverting him to his senses. However, Crawford is pulled away by a completely deformed, mutated Edward. Meanwhile, Katherine manages to attract the leech creatures that sense her movement and bite through the straps, releasing her. Crawford fights Edward, only to be eaten by him. Edward chases Katherine into the laboratory, where Crawford\'s form begins to tear out through Edward\'s skin and muscles. The two fight for the control of the deformed body, until it dissolves in its own digestive fluids. Katherine finally frees herself and jumps out the attic window, right as the whole attic explodes. She lands on her legs, breaking one, and as the neighbors gather around her, she goes from sobbing to laughing hysterically as she tells them, "It ATE him!"'] ["The film begins with a small IRA team, including Martin Fallon  and Liam Docherty , watching as two British Army Land Rovers approach the roadside bomb they have set for them. At the last minute, a school bus overtakes the army vehicles and detonates the bomb as it passes, killing the children. After most of the team escape the scene pursued by the soldiers, Fallon travels to London in a bid to escape the past. In London, he is approached by a contact who asks him to take on one last job on behalf of local gangster Jack Meehan  and his brother Billy Meehan . They offer Fallon money, a passport and passage to the US if he kills a rival gangster. Initially reluctant, he nonetheless takes on the job. However, as he is carrying out the hit in a graveyard, he is seen and confronted by the local Catholic priest, Father Michael Da Costa . The confrontation is watched from a distance by Billy Meehan, who tells his brother there is a witness to the killing. Fallon visits the church and confesses to the priest in a bid to ensure his silence; he also meets and finds himself becoming attracted to the priest's blind niece Anna , who lives at the church along with her uncle. Meehan, however, insists that Fallon must kill the priest too and tells Fallon he will not be paid until the loose end is tied up. Fallon now finds himself targeted by both the Meehans and the IRA, who see him as a security risk following his disappearance, and send Docherty and another member, Siobhan Donovan , to London to persuade him to return to Ireland. Billy Meehan eventually decides to take matters in his own hands and goes to the church looking for Fallon, but Anna kills him in a struggle when he attacks her after finding her alone in the church house. Fallon meanwhile manages to outwit a group of Meehan's men who had been assigned to kill him after tricking him aboard a boat he was assured would be taking him to the US. Returning to the church, Fallon finds Jack Meehan with a bomb he intends to use to kill the priest and his niece but which will be blamed on Fallon and his IRA connections. After a struggle, Anna and Michael escape, but the bomb goes off killing Meehan and leaving Fallon fatally injured. In his dying moments, Fallon confesses his past to the priest, who grants him absolution. Fallon dies in peace."] ['Four customers purchase  items from Temptations Limited, an antiques shop whose motto is "Offers You Cannot Resist". A nasty fate awaits all of them—particularly those who cheat the shop\'s Proprietor . The Gatecrasher - Edward Charlton  purchases an antique mirror for a knockdown price, having tricked the Proprietor into believing it is a reproduction. When he takes it home, Charlton holds a séance at the suggestion of his friends, and falls into a trance. He finds himself in a netherworld where he is approached by a sinister figure. The figure appears to stab him, and Charlton awakes screaming. Later, the figure\'s face appears in the mirror and orders Charlton to kill so that he can "feed". Charlton butchers people until the apparition is able to manifest himself outside of the mirror. The figure then explains that Charlton must do one more thing before the figure can walk abroad and join the others like him. The figure says he will take Charlton "beyond the ultimate", and persuades Charlton to kill himself by impaling himself on a knife. The mirror stays in Charlton\'s flat for years after his death, until the latest owner also decides to hold a séance. Once the séance starts, Charlton\'s hungry spectre appears in the mirror. An Act of Kindness – Christopher Lowe is a frustrated middle management drone trapped in a loveless marriage with Mabel . Bullied by his wife, and shown no respect by his son, he befriends Jim Underwood  an old soldier now scratching out a living as a match and shoe lace seller. In an effort to impress, Lowe tells Underwood that he is a decorated soldier. To back up this lie, he tries to persuade the Proprietor to sell him a Distinguished Service medal. When the Proprietor asks that Lowe provide the certificate to prove he had previously been awarded the medal, Lowe steals the medal. Underwood is impressed by the medal, and asks Lowe to come to his house for tea. Once there he meets Underwood’s daughter, Emily . Over time Lowe is seduced by Emily\'s frankly rather creepy charms, and they start an affair. Emily then produces a miniature doll of Mabel, and holds a knife to it. She asks Lowe to order her to do his will. Lowe agrees that she should cut the doll. When she does, a drop of blood appears from its mouth. A disturbed Lowe dashes home to find Mabel dead. Underwood and Emily then appear at Lowe’s home, and walk in to the sound of the wedding march. Later, Emily and Lowe are married. Lowe\'s son (played by the future writer [[John O\'Farrell  and Jim Underwood attend the wedding. When the time comes to cut the cake, Emily asks all present whether they wish her to. They all agree and Emily brings the knife down, but rather than cut the cake, she cuts into the head of the decorative groom on top. Blood pours out of it, and Lowe falls on to the table, dead. Underwood and Emily explain to Lowe\'s son that they always answer the prayers of a child "in one way or another". The Elemental – Reggie Warren  is a somewhat pompous business man who enters Temptations Ltd and puts the price tag of a cheaper snuff box in the one he wants to buy, whilst out of sight. The Proprietor sells him the box at the altered price, bidding him farewell with a cheery "I hope you enjoy snuffing it." On the train home, an apparently batty old clairvoyant/white witch, Madame Orloff  disturbs Warren whilst he reads his paper, advising him he has an Elemental on his shoulder. Warren dismisses her, but has cause to call on her services when his dog disappears and his wife Susan  is attacked and choked half to death by an unseen force. Orloff exorcises the Elemental from Warrens\' home, and all seems well—even the dog returns. Later though the Warrens hear noises up stairs, and Reggie heads up to investigate. He is knocked down and falls to the foot of the stairs, unconscious. When he awakes, he finds Susan possessed by the elemental. She/It says Reggie tried to deny her life, and kills him before cackling and having a smashing time walking through the front door. The Door – William Seaton  is a writer who purchases an ancient ornate door from the Proprietor. He is unable to meet the Proprietor\'s asking price, but agrees a reduced price with him. When the Proprietor goes to the back of the shop to note Seaton\'s details, he leaves the till open. After Seaton leaves, the Proprietor starts counting the money in the till. Seaton\'s wife, Rosemary  thinks the door is too grand to lead to stationery cupboard, but when she touches it seems to be able to see what originally lay behind it. The Door begins to exert a strange fascination over Seaton, and he finds that when he opens it a mysterious blue room lies beyond. There, he finds the notes of Sir Michael Sinclair , an evil occultist who created the door as a means to trap those who entered through it, so that Sinclair can take their souls and live forever. Seaton escapes, but when he tries to leave his house he finds that the door’s influence has spread, and he and Rosemary are trapped. In a trance, Rosemary is unable to stop herself from opening to the door and entering the room, where she is incapacitated by Sinclair. Sinclair carries her through the doorway, mocking Seaton by asking him to follow, as two souls are better than one. Seaton starts to smash the door with an axe, and the room and Sinclair start to crumble. Seaton tries to rescue Rosemary, but is attacked by Sinclair. Seaton has Rosemary continue axing the door, and manages to break free. They continue demolishing the door, destroying the room and turning Sinclair to a skeleton and then dust when they break the door from its hinges. Back at the shop, the Proprietor finishes counting and finds all the money present and correct. Between each of the segments, a shady character is seen to be casing the shop. In the end, he enters and persuades the Proprietor to hand him two loaded antique pistols. He then tries to rob the Proprietor, who refuses to hand him any money and walks towards the thief. The thief shoots, but finds bullets cannot stop the Proprietor. Terrified, the thief staggers back, is hit by a swinging skeleton, falls into what appears to be a combination of a coffin and an iron maiden, and is spiked to death. "Nasty", the Proprietor says. The Proprietor then welcomes the viewer as his next customer, and explains he caters for all tastes, and that each purchase comes with "a big novelty surprise".'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens in a boys\' high school in Germany at the beginning of World War I. The instructor, Kantorek, gives an impassioned speech about the glory of serving in the Army and "saving the Fatherland". Almost to a man, the young men are moved to join the army. The young enlistees are shown in basic training, aching for "action" fighting in the war. Their training officer  tells them to forget everything they know; they are going to become soldiers. Rigorous training diminishes the recruits\' enthusiasm some, but after little more than marching drills, suddenly the boys\' are told they are "going up front". The new soldiers arrive by train at the combat zone, which is mayhem, with soldiers everywhere, incoming shells, horse-drawn wagons racing about, and prolonged rain. One in the group is killed before the new recruits can reach their post, to the alarm of one of the new soldiers . The new soldiers are assigned to a unit composed of older soldiers, who are not exactly accommodating. The young soldiers find that there is no food available at the moment. They have not eaten since breakfast &ndash; but the men they have joined have not had food for two days. One of them  had gone to locate something to eat and he returns with a slaughtered hog. The young soldiers "pay" for their dinner with cigarettes. "For the Fatherland" the young soldiers\' unit is sent out on night duty and they move into position packed into a flat cargo truck. As the driver drops them off at their destination, he tells them, "If there\'s any of you left, there will be someone here to pick you up in the morning." The young recruits watch the truck intensely as it leaves. Katczinsky gives the "schoolboys" some real world instructions, telling them how to deal with incoming shells, "When you see me flop, you flop. Only try to beat me to it." The unit strings up barbed-wire and tries to avoid shells. Flares light up the night sky as the enemy tries to spot them, machine guns hammer and a bombardment begins. Behm is killed by machine gun fire; most of the soldiers keep low in the trenches. Franz Kemmerich runs out to retrieve Behm, but, upon returning to the trench, realizes that he\'s carrying a corpse. He is scolded by Katczinsky for risking his life. When the truck arrives in the morning most of the unit has survived.  Back at the bunker in the trenches, the soldiers play cards and fight off the rats who eat their food and gear. The young soldiers are showing signs of great stress: nightmares, shaking uncontrollably, and screaming about the unrelenting bombs. One recruit  loses control, runs out of the trench and is injured. Some of the soldiers want to leave the trench and attack, but the enemy seems to have superior firepower. When food finally comes, the men have to fight to get their share. Then they are overcome by rats and the soldiers kill the rats with spades. Suddenly there is a break in the bombing and the men are ordered out to fight. A loud rumbling can be heard as the enemy approaches. The soldiers are in trenches with their rifles ready as incoming shells move closer and closer. They can do nothing but wait. The enemy French soldiers come into view, running toward the trenches, but the Germans hold their fire until the enemy is closer. Paul witnesses several soldiers die from shellfire. The Germans use machine gun fire, hand grenades and rifles to mow down the enemy. The enemy suffers great losses, but succeeds in entering the trenches, where hand-to-hand combat with bayonets begins. The Germans retreat to a second line, from where they launch a counterattack. At great cost they enter the French front line, but are unable to hold their position, and are ordered to withdraw to their original positions. The men of Second Company return from the battle and line up for a meal. The cook refuses to feed them because he wants the entire company to arrive. The men explain that this is all that is left of the company &ndash; 80 of the original 150 &ndash; and the cook refuses to give them all the food he has prepared. An argument follows and violence seems imminent when an officer arrives and orders the cook to give all the food to the men The men start out eating greedily, but then settle into a satiated torpor. They hear that they are to return to the front the next day and begin a semi-serious discussion about the causes of the war and of wars in general. They speculate about whether geographical entities offend each other and whether these disagreements involve them. Tjaden speaks familiarly about himself and the Kaiser. They speculate about whether it is the Kaiser or the manufacturers that need the war or whether it is the result of a fever. Katczinsky suggests roping off a field and stripping the kings and their ministers down to their underwear and letting them fight it out with clubs. It is finally decided that they should go see their friend Kemmerich, who was wounded in the battle and is in a dressing station, and bring him his things. Five of the men find Kemmerich in a very bad condition, complaining that his watch was stolen while he was under ether, and that he is in pain in his right foot. Not realizing that Kemmerich did not know, Mueller lets slip that his right leg has been amputated; Kemmerich becomes upset. Kemmerich expresses regret that he would never become a forester and Paul tries to reassure him. Mueller sees Kemmerich\'s boots under the bed and tactlessly asks him for them. Kemmerich asks Paul to give his boots to Mueller and then loses consciousness. Paul tries to summon a doctor, but the doctor and the medic can do nothing. As Kemmerich finally succumbs to his wounds, Paul leaves the dressing station with Kemmerich\'s boots and breaks into a run. Mueller is trying to talk about math to Katczinsky when Paul brings him the boots. Mueller is pleased and says that he will not mind returning to the front in such fine boots. Paul describes how he reacted to Kemmerich\'s death by running and how it made him feel more alive and then hungry. In a sequence of battle scenes, Mueller is wounded and his boots are passed on to another soldier, who is also wounded and presumed killed. One day Corporal Himmelstoss arrives to the front and is immediately spurned because of his bad reputation. In an attack on a cemetery, Paul stabs a French soldier, but finds himself trapped in a hole with the dying man in for an entire night. Throughout the night, he desperately tries to help him, bringing him water, but fails miserably to stop him from dying. He cries bitterly and begs the dead body to speak so he can be forgiven. Later, he returns to the German lines. Then the company have a day off the front line, and soon everyone gets drunk and eats as much as they can. While washing in the river, the men catch the attention of French women who invite them in their house at night. Going back to the front line, Paul is severely wounded and taken to a Catholic hospital, along with his good friend Albert Kropp. Kropp\'s leg is amputated, but he does not find out until some time afterwards. Around this time, Paul is taken to the bandaging ward, from which, according to its reputation, nobody has ever returned alive; but he later returns to the normal rooms triumphantly, only to find Kropp in agony. Earning a furlough, Paul then takes a brief trip back to his home, where he finds his mother is ailing. The people in his town are mindlessly patriotic and ignorant about what is happening at the front. He visits Kantorek, only to find him lecturing another class about the "glory of war." Disgusted, he returns to the front, where only a few men of the Second Company have survived, including an old hand, Tjaden. Paul asks Tjaden about Katczinsky, thinking that he is dead, but Tjaden reveals that Katczinsky is still alive. Paul goes looking for Kat, finds him scrounging for food, to no avail. Kat is wounded in the ankle by a bomb dropped from an airplane. So Paul decides to carry Kat to the field hospital. Enroute, though, the same plane drops another bomb, and the shrapnel from this explosion kills Kat, while Paul, in ignorance, continues to carry him to the field hospital. Paul is grief-stricken. In the final scene, Paul is back on the front lines. He pats each of the young soldiers arms as he and his fellow comrades were patted in the beginning of the movie. He sees a butterfly just beyond his trench. Paul stands up from his crouched position in the trench to get a better look, but becoming too exposed, he is shot and killed by an enemy sniper.'] ['Joe Bonham , a young American soldier hit by an artillery shell during World War I, lies in a hospital bed. He is a quadruple amputee who has also lost his eyes, ears, mouth and nose. He remains conscious and able to reason, however, rendering him a prisoner in his own body. As he drifts between reality and fantasy, he remembers his old life with his family and girlfriend . He also forms a bond, of sorts, with a young nurse  who senses his plight. At the end of the film, Joe tries to communicate to his doctors, via Morse code, and wishes for the Army to either put him in a glass coffin in a freak show as a demonstration of the horrors of war, or kill him. In the end, however, he realizes that the Army will grant neither wish, and will leave him in a state of living death. In the film\'s climax, his nurse attempts to euthanize him by clamping his breathing tube, but her supervisor stops her before Joe can succumb. This does not occur in the novel. The film ends with Joe weakly chanting "S.O.S. Help me."'] ['The film, in which W. Somerset Maugham  is himself a minor character, drifting in and out of the lives of the major players, opens at a party held following World War I in 1919 at a country club in Chicago, Illinois. Elliott Templeton , an expatriate, has returned to the United States for the first time since before the war to visit his sister, Edith Bradley , and his niece, Isabel , engaged to be married to Larry Darrell , of whom Elliott strongly disapproves for rejecting both inclusion in their social stratum and working in the common world. Larry is traumatized by the death of a comrade who sacrificed himself on the last day of the war to save Larry and announces that he plans to "loaf" on his small inheritance of $3,000 a year. He refuses a job offer from the father of his friend Gray , a millionaire who is hopelessly in love with Isabel, too. Larry and Isabel agree to postpone their marriage so that he can go to Paris to try to clear his muddled thoughts. Meanwhile, Larry’s childhood friend, Sophie Nelson , settles into a happy marriage with Bob MacDonald , only to lose him and their baby in a tragic car accident. In Paris, Larry immerses himself in a Bohemian life. After a year, Isabel visits and Larry asks her to marry him immediately. Isabel does not understand his search for meaning and breaks their engagement. Before she returns to Chicago she cannot carry through with a scheme to seduce Larry and trick him into making an "honest woman" of her. She marries Gray to provide her the elite social and family life she craves. Meanwhile, Larry works in a coal mine in France, where a defrocked priest, Kosti , urges him travel to India to learn from a mystic. Larry studies at a monastery in the Himalayas under the tutelage of the Holy Man , then makes a lone pilgrimage to the mountaintop where he finds enlightenment. The Holy Man tells Larry to return to the world to share what he now knows about life. Back in Paris, Maugham meets Elliott by chance and learns that Isabel and her family are living with Elliott after being financially ruined by the stock market crash of 1929. Gray has had a nervous breakdown and suffers from terrible headaches. Elliott "sold short" before the crash and "made a killing" in the market. Maugham arranges a lunch for Elliott and his household to meet an old friend, who turns out to be Larry. Larry is able to help Gray using an Indian form of hypnotic suggestion. Later at a disreputable nightclub, they encounter Sophie, now a drunkard. Larry reforms and arranges to marry Sophie, but when he tells Isabel, who is still in love with him, she ploys to prove to Larry that Sophie\'s reform is only temporary. She successfully tempts Sophie back into drinking and Sophie disappears. Sophie is murdered and her death reunites Larry and Maugham during the police investigation. Maugham and Larry visit Elliott on his deathbed in the South of France. Larry gives Elliott peace of mind after he is deliberately excluded from an important soiree hosted by a princess with whom he had a row, herself once an American Midwesterner like Elliott. Larry persuades Miss Keith , her social secretary, to allow him to use a blank invitation to counterfeit one for Elliott. Isabel inherits her uncle\'s fortune, which she can use to underwrite Gray\'s attempt to rebuild his father\'s bankrupt brokerage. Larry refuses to reconcile with Isabel, deducing that she caused Sophie\'s return to drinking, and ultimately, her murder. Instead he decides to work his way back to America aboard a tramp steamer. Maugham tries to console Isabel with the knowledge that Larry is happy because he has found in himself the quality of true "goodness."'] ["Tidewater, Virginia 1808. The story begins at sea with the main protagonist, Crusoe , en route to Africa to retrieve slaves. His ship runs into a powerful storm, and the entire crew perishes except for Crusoe. He eventually makes his way to a tropical island, where he is alone and stranded until he discovers that a dog and a small flock of geese have also survived. He befriends the dog, and gains a close ally. He initially encounters many challenges, but Crusoe eventually manages to make himself at ease on the island. Later he finds a rifle inside the shipwreck, and, weapon in hand and dog by his side, begins exploring the island. After spending more time on the island, Crusoe stumbles upon a group of tribesmen who are indigenous to the area but not the island. He finds, to his horror, that they are cannibals. Following this discovery, Crusoe begins chopping down trees in an attempt to build a boat and escape. His plans do not immediately succeed, and he fashions a cavern into a homestead. Subsequently his dog gets sick, and his attempts to cure him fail. Crusoe finds him dead the following morning. This starts a period of intense loneliness for Crusoe. Through his grief he fails to notice several small boats approaching the island. The natives have come to this island to perform the ritual cremation of their chief along with the sacrifice of three of their fellow tribesmen. The chief lies dead on a great branch armchair, which is set ablaze. At the same moment, the throats of two of the tribesmen are cut, but just before the last killing, Crusoe shoots his rifle, distracting the would-be assassins. The man who was to be sacrificed  escapes; as does Crusoe. The two meet by chance in the forest and Crusoe, fearing for his life, threatens the man with his gun. The tribesman, however, doesn't perceive this as a threat. They both return to the beach thinking the cannibalistic tribesmen have left in their boats. From this moment the tribesman, named Lucky, starts to trust Crusoe. Crusoe takes him back to his cave but still doesn't allow Lucky to sleep in the cave with him. He leaves him chained by the ankle outside the cave. The following morning Crusoe finds Lucky gone. He sees smoke coming from the place of the sacrifices and investigates. There he discovers the head of Lucky. Crusoe ends up in the trap of another tribesman  who ties him to a tree near his cave. The following day, Crusoe attempts to take revenge on the tribesman. A pursuit follows, and Crusoe tries to shoot the tribesman which surprises him. During their struggle they stumble into some quicksand. The cannibal is able to escape the shifting sands, leaving Crusoe to sink. As Crusoe is about to perish he is granted clemency from the cannibal who decides to help by lowering him a tree branch. Soon, the two attempt to collaborate in the native language of the cannibal. In time, Crusoe is able to understand the intentions of the cannibal. These intentions are to manufacture a small boat to return home with the help of Crusoe. After completing construction on the boat, Crusoe decides to build a second boat. A strange shot however, announces the arrival of another ship, this one full of European sailors. Crusoe runs to high ground and attempts to catch their attention. Little does he know that they have come to the island to capture his new friend. Crusoe has other concerns, however, like returning home. He stows away on their ship, hoping to catch a ride. While hiding onboard he discovers that among the crew there is a scientist, Dr. Martin ([[Michael Higgins , who has studied cannibals and plans to bring his friend back to London. Crusoe, does not agree with this plan, and attempts to free his friend without being seen by the crew. Crusoe eventually escapes the island which helps him to realize that liberty and life are precious."] ["Homicide detective Nate Burns  once lived a tough life in Baltimore, but decides to move to a small Alaskan town, after being offered the position of chief of police. Burns leaves Baltimore just a few weeks after his partner is shot and killed, feeling partially responsible for what has happened. Nate finds himself not very welcome by the town's residents, but takes an immediate interest in Meg Galligan . Meg is a young pilot, whose father left and disappeared in 1994; leaving her mother Charlene , who Meg constantly argues with, to single-handedly take care of her. Soon, Nate helps in the search and rescue of two lost mountain climbers, and asks for Meg's help in getting there. Upon their rescue, Nate also locates a frozen corpse, who turns out to be Meg's father. It's clear that he was murdered, as the axe used to kill him is still embedded in his body. Meg has trouble mourning for her father, because she has always been mad at him for abandoning his family. Meg suggests that Nate begin to investigate, but he is reluctant to do so, explaining that he moved from Baltimore to avoid murder cases. After giving in, Nate starts collecting information, and soon finds that nobody in town liked the man, and that he had affairs with several of the townswomen. Soon, Max, one of the locals, seemingly commits suicide. Nate believes that Max had something to do with Meg's father's death. This upsets Meg, as Max was a well-liked man in town. Eventually they find Max's journal, in which he admits to the murder. Nate however, doesn't believe he was the sole murderer, and refuses to believe that he committed suicide. With the help of Meg, Nate continues the investigation. As they take their relationship to a new level, he finds out that they are being followed. Fearing for their own lives, Nate starts questioning everyone in town. Nate proposes to Meg, and soon after getting engaged, Nate is fired, because the locals have been complaining that all the trouble started after he arrived. Nate briefly considers returning to Baltimore, until he learns that an earring was found next to the body. As the police arrive to arrest the murderer, he takes a woman hostage and shoots Meg in the arm. He is arrested after Nate shoots him. In the final credits, the location of filming is stated to be Alberta, but in fact it was filmed in Dawson City in Yukon Territory, the town where the Yukon and Klondike Rivers meet."] ['The film opens with Tom Joad , released from prison and hitchhiking his way back to his parents\' family farm in Oklahoma. Tom finds an itinerant ex-preacher named Jim Casy  sitting under a tree by the side of the road. Casy was the preacher who baptized Tom, but now Casy has "lost the spirit" and his faith . Casy goes with Tom to the Joad property only to find it deserted. There, they meet Muley  who is hiding out. In a flashback, he describes how farmers all over the area were forced from their farms by the deed holders of the land. A local boy , hired for the purpose, is shown knocking down Muley\'s house with a Caterpillar tractor. Following this, Tom and Casy move on to find the Joad family at Tom\'s Uncle John\'s place. His family is happy to see Tom and explain they have made plans to head for California in search of employment, as their farm has been foreclosed by the bank. The large Joad family of twelve leaves at daybreak, along with Casy who decides to come. They pack everything into a dilapidated 1926 Hudson "Super Six" sedan adapted to serve as a truck in order to make the long journey to the promised land of California.  The trip along Highway 66 is arduous, and it soon takes a toll on the Joad family. The elderly Grandpa  dies along the way. After he dies, they pull over to the shoulder of the road, unload him, and bury him. Tom writes the circumstances surrounding the death on a page from the Family Bible and places it on the body so that if his remains were found, his death would not be investigated as a possible homicide. They park in a camp and meet a man, a migrant returning from California, who laughs at Pa\'s optimism about conditions in California. He speaks bitterly about his experiences in the West. The family arrives at the first transient migrant campground for workers and finds the camp is crowded with other starving, jobless and desperate travelers. Their truck slowly makes its way through the dirt road between the shanty houses and around the camp\'s hungry-faced inhabitants. Tom says, "Sure don\'t look none too prosperous." After some trouble with a so-called "agitator," the Joads leave the camp in a hurry. The Joads make their way to another migrant camp, the Keene Ranch. After doing some work in the fields, they discover the high food prices in the company store for meat and other products. The store is the only one in the area, by a long shot. Later they find a group of migrant workers are striking, and Tom wants to find out all about it. He goes to a secret meeting in the dark woods. When the meeting is discovered, Casy is killed by one of the camp guards. As Tom tries to defend Casy from the attack, he inadvertently kills the guard. Tom suffers a serious wound on his cheek, and the camp guards realize it won\'t be difficult to identify him. That evening the family hides Tom under the mattresses of the truck just as guards arrive to question them; they are searching for the man who killed the guard. Tom avoids being spotted and the family leaves the Keene Ranch without further incident. After driving for a while, they have to stop at the top of a hill when the engine overheats due to a broken fan belt; they have little gas, but decide to try coasting down the hill to some lights. The lights are from a third type of camp: Farmworkers\' Wheat Patch Camp , a clean camp run by the Department of Agriculture, complete with indoor toilets and showers, which the Joad children had never seen before. Tom is moved to work for change by what he has witnessed in the various camps. He tells his family that he plans to carry on Casy\'s mission in the world by fighting for social reform. He leaves to seek a new world and to join the movement committed to social justice. Tom Joad says: I\'ll be all around in the dark. I\'ll be everywhere. Wherever you can look, wherever there\'s a fight, so hungry people can eat, I\'ll be there. Wherever there\'s a cop beatin\' up a guy, I\'ll be there. I\'ll be in the way guys yell when they\'re mad. I\'ll be in the way kids laugh when they\'re hungry and they know supper\'s ready, and when the people are eatin\' the stuff they raise and livin\' in the houses they build, I\'ll be there, too. As the family moves on again, they discuss the fear and difficulties they have had. Ma Joad concludes the film, saying: I ain\'t never gonna be scared no more. I was, though. For a while it looked as though we was beat. Good and beat. Looked like we didn\'t have nobody in the whole wide world but enemies. Like nobody was friendly no more. Made me feel kinda bad and scared too, like we was lost and nobody cared.... Rich fellas come up and they die, and their kids ain\'t no good and they die out, but we keep on coming. We\'re the people that live. They can\'t wipe us out, they can\'t lick us. We\'ll go on forever, Pa, cos we\'re the people.   The first part of the film version follows the book fairly accurately. However, the second half and the ending in particular are significantly different from the book. While the book ends with the downfall and break-up of the Joad family, the film switches the order of sequences so that the family ends up in a &#34;good&#34; camp provided by the government, and events turn out relatively well.{{citation needed}} In the novel Rose-of-Sharon  Rivers  gives birth to a stillborn baby. Later she offers her milk-filled breasts to a starving man, dying in a barn. These scenes were not included in the film. While the film is somewhat stark, it has a more optimistic and hopeful view than the novel, especially when the Joads land at the Department of Agriculture camp – the clean camp.{{citation needed}}Steinbeck, John. The Grapes of Wrath, 1939. Penguin Classics; Reissue edition October 1, 1992. Ivy and Sairy Wilson, who attend to Grandpa&#39;s death and travel with the Joads until they reach California, are left out of the movie. Noah&#39;s departure from the family is passed over in the movie. In the book, Floyd tells Tom about how the workers were being exploited, but in the movie he does not appear until after the deputy arrives in Hooverville. Sandry, the religious fanatic who scares Rose of Sharon, is left out of the movie. Vivian Sobchack argued that the film uses visual imagery to focus on the Joads as a family unit, whereas the novel focuses on their journey as a part of the &#34;family of man&#34;. She points out that their farm is never shown in detail, and that the family members are never shown working in agriculture; not a single peach is shown in the entire film. This subtly serves to focus the film on the specific family, as opposed to the novel&#39;s focus on man and land together.{{cite journal}}'] ['At a modern-day nursing home, an elderly man named Duke  begins to read a romantic story from his notebook to a fellow patient . The story he tells begins in 1940. In Seabrook Island, South Carolina, local country boy Noah Calhoun  is smitten with seventeen-year-old heiress Allie Hamilton  after seeing her at a carnival, and they share an idyllic summer love affair. Noah takes Allie to an abandoned house, which he explains that he intends to buy for them. Later that evening, she asks him to make love to her, but they are interrupted by Noah\'s friend Fin ([[Kevin Connolly  with the news that Allie\'s parents have the police out looking for her. When Allie and Noah return to her parents\' mansion, they ban her from seeing Noah, whom they say is "trash, trash, trash not for you!". The two break up and the next morning, Allie\'s mother announces that the family is returning home to Charleston. Noah writes a letter each day to Allie for one year, but Allie\'s mom intercepts them all and keeps them hidden from Allie. As each lover sees there is no contact from the other, Noah and Allie have no choice but to move on with their lives; Noah and Fin enlist to fight in World War II and Fin is killed in battle. Allie becomes a volunteer in a hospital for wounded soldiers, where she meets an officer named Lon Hammond, Jr. , a young lawyer who is handsome, sophisticated, charming and comes from old Southern money. The two eventually become engaged, to the delight of Allie\'s parents, but Allie sees Noah\'s face when Lon asks her to marry him. When Noah returns home from the war, he discovers his father has sold their home so that Noah can buy the abandoned house, fulfilling his lifelong dream to buy it for the departed Allie, whom by now he hasn\'t seen for several years. While visiting Charleston, Noah witnesses Allie and Lon kissing at a restaurant; he convinces himself that if he fixes up the house, Allie will come back to him. Later, Allie is startled to read in the newspaper that Noah has completed the house and she visits him in Seabrook. In the present, it is made clear that the elderly woman is in fact Allie, who is suffering from Alzheimer\'s disease and cannot remember any of the events of the film so far. Duke, the man who is reading to her, is her husband, but Allie cannot recognize him. Back in the forties, the day after Allie arrives in Seabrook, she and Noah renew their relationship and make love. In the morning, Allie\'s mother appears on Noah\'s doorstep, telling Allie that Lon has come to Seabrook to take her home. She takes Allie out for a drive, and reveals that 25 years earlier, she also loved a common man. She leaves Allie with a bundle of letters -- all of Noah\'s letters, and hopes that Allie will make the right choice. Allie confesses to Lon that she has been spending time with Noah. He is angry but says that he still loves her. Allie tells him she knows she should be with him, but she remains indecisive. In the present, Duke asks Allie whom she chose. Becoming lucid, she remembers that the story Duke was reading is the story of how they met. Young Allie appears at Noah\'s doorstep, having left Lon at the hotel and chosen Noah. Elderly Allie suddenly remembers her past; after finding out about her illness, she herself wrote their story in the notebook with instructions for Noah to "read this to me, and I\'ll come back to you". But only minutes later Allie relapses, losing her memories of Noah. She panics, not understanding who he is, and has to be sedated. The elderly Noah has a heart attack, and we see Allie is alone for a time. However, as soon as he is sufficiently recovered, Noah  goes to Allie\'s room one evening to find her lucid again. Allie questions Noah about what will happen to them when she won\'t be able to remember anything anymore, and he reassures her that he will never leave her. She asks him if he thinks their love for each other is strong enough to "take them away together"; he replies that he thinks their love could do anything. After telling each other that they love one another, they both fall asleep in Allie\'s bed. The next morning, a nurse finds them dead in each others\' arms.'] ["Set in picturesque coastal Cornwall, in a tight-knit fishing village in 1936, Ladies in Lavender stars Judi Dench and Maggie Smith playing the leading roles of sisters Ursula  and Janet Widdington . Andrea is played by Daniel Brühl. A gifted young Polish violinist from Krakow, Andrea is bound for America when he is swept overboard by a storm. When the Widdington sisters discover the handsome stranger on the beach below their house, they nurse him back to health. However, the presence of the musically talented young man disrupts the peaceful lives of Ursula and Janet and the community in which they live. Holidaying artist Olga Daniloff, the sister of famed violinist Boris Daniloff, becomes interested in Andrea after hearing him play the violin. As time progresses, Olga and Andrea grow closer. Olga tells her brother of Andrea's talent, and he asks to meet Andrea in London. Although Andrea cares deeply for the sisters, he knows this is his chance to start a career, and he leaves with Olga without saying goodbye to the women. He later sends them a letter, along with a portrait of himself painted by Olga, thanking them for saving his life. The sisters travel to London to attend Andrea's first public performance."] ['Beth left her small town and despite the disapproval of her parents, married Jake “the Muss” Heke. After eighteen years they live in an unkempt council house and have six children. Their interpretations of life and being Māori are tested. Their eldest daughter, Grace, keeps a journal in which she chronicles events as well as stories which she tells her younger siblings. Jake is fired from his job and is satisfied with the unemployment benefit, spending most of the days getting drunk at the local pub with his friends. There he is in his element, buying drinks, singing songs and savagely beating any other patron whom he considers to have stepped out of line. He often invites huge crowds of friends back from the bar to his home for wild parties. While Jake portrays himself as an easy-going man out for a good time, he has a vicious temper when drinking. This is highlighted when his wife dares to “get lippy” at one of his parties and he savagely attacks her in front of their friends. Beth is shown to love her kids deeply but is incredibly flawed and weak. She too turns to drink when things go wrong, with angry outbursts and occasional violence on a much smaller scale. Her children are shown to do everything for themselves and even resignedly clean the blood-streaked house after her beating, which is obviously not a first from their reaction. Nig, the Heke’s eldest son, moves out to join a street gang whose rituals include facial tattoos . This usually shows the heritage of the person; in Nig’s case, he shows only the heritage of his mother, with the Moko located on only one side of his face. He is subjected to a merciless beating by the gang members but then embraced as a new brother by the leader and later sports the gang’s tattoos. Nig cares about his siblings, but despises his father for his thoughtless brutality. He is angered when his mother is beaten, but deals with it by walking away. The third son, Mark “Boogie” Heke has a history of minor criminal offences and is taken from his family and placed in a foster home as a ward of the state due to the situation with his parents. Despite his initial anger, Boogie finds a new niche for himself, as the foster home’s manager Mr. Bennett helps him embrace his Māori heritage. Jake does not care that Boogie is taken away; he comments that it will do him some good, to toughen him up a bit. Beth is heartbroken, and goes to an effort to get the money together to visit him. Jake pays for the rental car from gambling winnings but deserts the family to go to the pub and they never make the journey. Grace, the Heke’s 13-year-old daughter, loves writing stories as an escape from the brutality of her life. Her best friend is a homeless boy named Toot who lives in a wrecked car. She despises the future she believes is inevitable and is constantly reminded of getting married and playing the role of the wife, which she believes is catering to one’s husband’s demands and taking a beating when one has deserved it. She dreams of leaving and being independent and single. Grace is raped in her bed by father’s friend “Uncle Bully” who tells her that it is her fault for “turning him on” by wearing her “skimpy little nighty”. She becomes depressed. She tries to go to her friend Toot for support, but he kisses her, trying to show his love for her. She reacts violently and storms out, believing him to be “just like the rest of them”. After wandering through the city streets one night, Grace comes home to an angry Jake. As she is about to go to bed, Bully asks for a goodnight kiss in front of everyone, to test his power over her. Grace refuses and her father tears up her journal and nearly beats her up. She runs out to the backyard crying. Beth returns home a minute later and goes outside looking for Grace, only to find that she has hanged herself from a tree branch. Jake is soon kicked out of home by a newly defiant Beth after he refuses to change his lifestyle and stays in the pub with his mates while the rest of the family are attending Grace’s traditional Māori funeral ceremony. Beth stands up to him properly for the first time as he refuses to let her be taken to the marae; he has always felt second rate for not being in touch with his heritage, in his words, “a black bastard”. The film cuts back and forth between the mourning, Jake in the pub bottling it up and the family on the marae. Boogie impresses Beth with his Māori singing at the funeral and Toot says his goodbyes, telling her the gentle kiss was all he meant by it. Boogie reassures Toot that Grace loved him and Beth tells him to live with them. Reading Grace’s diary later that day, Beth finds out about the rape and confronts Jake in the pub. Jake at first threatens Beth, but Nig steps between them, protecting his mother. He hands him Grace’s diary and Jake, true to form, reacts by severely beating Bully, even to the point of stabbing him with a glass bottle in the crotch. Beth blames Jake just as much as Bully for allowing the circumstances under which it happened. She leaves and states her intentions to leave with their children and return to her Māori village and traditions, defiantly telling Jake that her Māori heritage gives her the strength to resist his control over her. Jake hopelessly sits on a curb outside the pub as the family leaves, with sirens wailing in the background, presumably for him.'] ['"Duddy" Kravitz  is a brash, restless young Jewish man growing up poor in Montreal, Canada. His taxi driver father Max  and his rich uncle Benjy  are very proud of Duddy\'s older brother Lenny, whom Benjy is putting through medical school. Only his grandfather  shows the motherless Duddy any attention. Duddy gets a summer job as a waiter at a Jewish resort hotel in the Laurentian Mountains. His hustle, energy and coarse manners irritate condescending college student and fellow waiter Irwin. Irwin gets his girlfriend Linda, the daughter of the hotel\'s owner, to persuade Duddy to stage a clandestine roulette game. Unbeknownst to Duddy, the roulette wheel is crooked, and he loses his entire $300 earnings to Irwin and some hotel guests. Fortunately for Duddy, the other waiters find out and make Irwin give back the money. Unaware of this, the hotel guests, led by Farber, feel bad and give him a further $500. Duddy starts a serious relationship with another hotel employee, French-Canadian Yvette . One day, she takes him on a picnic beside a lake. Duddy is stunned by the beauty of the setting, and his ambition crystallizes: taking to heart his grandfather\'s maxim that "a man without land is nobody", he decides he will buy all the property around the lake and develop it. Because the current owners might not want to sell to a Jew, he gets Yvette to front for him. Duddy sets out to raise the money he needs. He hires blacklisted, alcoholic American director Friar  to film weddings and bar mitzvahs. His first customer is Farber, who drives a hard bargain. If he does not like the result, he will not pay. Despite Friar\'s artistic pretensions, the film is a success, and more orders are quickly forthcoming. However, when a piece of land comes up for sale, Duddy does not have enough money. He begs his father to get him an appointment with his friend Dingleman, "the Boy Wonder," a rich, successful gangster who had equally humble beginnings. Dingleman turns down his request for a loan but later invites him to discuss his scheme on a train to New York. It turns out that Dingleman just wants a dupe to take unknowingly the risk of smuggling heroin, but Duddy gets a loan out of it. On the train, Duddy meets good-natured Virgil  and, ever open to a deal, offers to buy his pinball machines, which are illegal in the United States. When Virgil shows up, Duddy does not have enough money to pay him, so Duddy hires Virgil as a truck driver, even though he has epilepsy. Tragedy strikes when Virgil has a seizure while driving and crashes; he is left permanently paralyzed from the waist down. Duddy is distraught and guilt-ridden. Blaming Duddy, Yvette leaves him to care for Virgil. Duddy becomes alarmed when Dingleman finds out about his lake. When the last piece of property Duddy needs comes on the market, Dingleman bids for it. Desperate, Duddy forges Virgil\'s signature on a check to buy the land, leading to a final rupture with Yvette and Virgil. Undeterred, Duddy proudly takes Max, Lenny and his grandfather to see his property. When Dingleman shows up to offer to raise the financing for its development, Duddy tells him to get off his land. However, Duddy\'s grandfather refuses to pick out a plot for his farm; Yvette has told the grandfather what Duddy did to get it.'] ['Nacib  is the owner of bar in a small town. He meets Gabriela , a sensual girl, who he is immediately attracted to. Taken by her, he hires her on as a cook. However, Nacib soon grows annoyed by the attention she receives. He proposes to her in the hopes that the attention quells. After their marriage, he insists that she dress and behave more prudishly so that men are not so enamored of her. Unfortunately, Gabriela cannot help but stray and Nacib is forced to annul the marriage when he finds her in bed with his friend Tonico . Later, as both Nacib and the town begin to undergo a transformation, Nacib takes in Gabriela as his mistress.'] ["In 1806 in the village of Pontresina, Switzerland, a mountain man named Marcus  is in love with Ciglia , a young village woman who has been rejecting the advances of Lorenz . The mischievous Pia  throws herself at Marcus, but she is also rejected. Marcus and Ciglia profess their love, while the jealous and vindictive Pia looks on. Following the end of the French Army occupation, the people of Pontresina celebrate their liberation with a boisterous masked dance. At the party Ciglia becomes frightened of a drunken Marcus and she asks to be taken home. Marcus goes home confused. When Pia boldly attempts to seduce Marcus, he accepts her advances. The next day Ciglia receives permission from her uncle Tass  to marry Marcus. Pia and her mother approach Tass, and then confront Marcus. With Ciglia overhearing, they demand that Marcus marry Pia, who plays the cowering innocent. Ciglia leaves Marcus, and Marcus and Pia get married. Lorenz soon takes advantage of Ciglia and eventually they also get married. During a heavy snowstorm, Pia is worried about Marcus and tries to form a rescue party to find him. With no one willing to join, she turns to Lorenz and Ciglia. Ciglia overreacts to the news, making Lorenz suspicious about her affections. Ciglia soon discovers Marcus safely arriving in the village. Consumed in jealously and sorrow, Lorenz confronts Marcus, urging him to leave the village, even offering him money, but Marcus refuses. Later in the mountains, Lorenz ambushes Marcus and the two exchange gunfire. Marcus returns to the village, followed by the accusing and dying Lorenz. The villagers turn against Marcus despite Ciglia's cries of his innocence. Pia falsely accuses Ciglia of putting Marcus up to the murder of Lorenz. Soon the villagers turn into a mob and pursue Marcus and Ciglia into the mountains. With no other recourse, Marcus and Ciglia walk hand in hand into the path of an avalanche."] ['Set 18 months after the events of the second movie, an attack is taking place in Washington DC, explosions, helicopters and machine guns firing. A man runs through a burning White House to the Oval Office. United States President Gerald Fitzhugh  videotapes his confession in the oval office of The White House. Afterwards, he looks out the window as a shadowy figure arrives in the background. The movie then cuts one week earlier. The Tribulation Force, consisting of Rayford Steele, his daughter Chloe Steele, Buck Williams, Bruce Barnes, and Chris Smith, and many other unnamed people, are in the process of stealing Bibles from a Global Community  compound. The GC bursts into the warehouse and shoots Chris Smith wounding while the remaining Trib Force members escape. The guards ask Chris who he works for to which he replies "The Son of Man," they ask him again and Chris\' answer is "God Almighty" at that point the guard executes him. At Washington, D.C., somewhere at a rural lake, the president and his vice-president, John Mallory, are taking some time away from the White House. Mallory informs Fitzhugh of Nicolae\'s plans and how he has found evidence that Nicolae is planning an attack on American soil. Before he shares the information, a car explodes behind them. Troops storm in attempting to kill the President. Another man fires a rocket-propelled grenade and Mallory dies from the ambush attack, but a militia group comes to the aid of the President. Back at the Trib Force underground headquarters, Bruce Barnes performs a double wedding ceremony: Buck to Chloe, and Rayford to Amanda White, the newest member who once knew Rayford\'s first wife before the vanishings. After the ceremony is over, Buck heads over to L.A. and Rayford flies to New Babylon. Nicolae meets with Fitzhugh who expresses his deepest concern over the news of Mallory\'s death, and teams up with Carolyn Miller , who poses as Nicolae\'s top aide at GC headquarters. Together, they find Nicolae\'s secret plan of stealing bibles and lacing them with anthrax before distributing them. The GC block their escape, with Fitzhugh killing one of the guards in the process. Fitzhugh is recruited by Miller\'s ragtag military team to help take out Nicolae, which he participates in. As Fitzhugh enters the GC building and asks to see the president . Fitzhugh enters Nicolae\'s office, but Nicolae was already aware of Fitzhugh\'s assassination attempt and foils it. Fitzhugh tries to shoot Nicolae with three rounds, but isn\'t affected as they go through him and hit a guard instead. Nicolae turns on all of the TVs in his office revealing that World War III has begun, the screens shows footage of cities being destroyed, bombs being dropped  and a wave  destroying an aircraft carrier. Outside in the background of Nicolae\'s office, air raid sirens are blaring, explosions rise into the sky and machine guns and tank blasts are heard. Using supernatural techniques, Nicolae throws Fitzhugh out of a 20-story window, landing on top of a car. Nicolae goes over to the window to see, in disgust, Fitzhugh getting up and walking away. Nicolae then looks to the sky and say, "That\'s not humanly possible, is it?". Everyone is shocked when Fitzhugh returns to the militia base and informs them that the plan failed: Carolyn takes this the hardest. The underground Trib Force HQ is hit as World War III approaches. Bruce and Chloe are infected with the virulent bacteria, but in the end it is Chloe who survives when red wine, used in the communion they just took part of, is revealed to be the antidote. Buck meets Fitzhugh in a destroyed White House, where he helps the president become a Christian. Fitzhugh then confronts Nicolae where he activates a personal transmitter , hoping to obliterate the entire GC headquarters, and himself, with a missile locked onto the transmitter\'s location. The missile hits the GC building and Fitzhugh is killed in the explosion as the building collapses and dust flies from the bottom. Buck Williams then gets a call in the elevator from Chloe as she tells him about the wine and Bruce\'s death. Buck promises to come home from his trip soon as the elevator stops and the door opens to reveal an armed Carolyn. She lowers her weapon and Buck states that "we need to talk," implying that they had met before. Before the credits, what\'s left of the Global Community Building is burning down, police sirens are wailing in the background and explosions are still going on. Nicolae Carpathia walks out from the flames looking very mad, completely unharmed.'] ['Quills begins during the Reign of Terror, with the incarcerated Marquis de Sade penning a story about the libidinous Mademoiselle Renard, an aristocrat who meets the preeminent sadist in her executioner. Several years later, the Marquis is confined to the asylum at Charenton, overseen by the enlightened Abbé du Coulmier. The Marquis has been publishing his work through laundress Madeleine "Maddy" LeClerc, who smuggles manuscripts through an anonymous horseman to a publisher. The Marquis\' latest work, Justine, is published on the black market to great success. Napoleon orders all copies of the book burned and the author shot, but his advisor, Delbené, tempers this contentious idea with one of his own: send traditionalist Dr. Royer-Collard to look in at Charenton and silence the Marquis. Meanwhile the Abbé teaches Madeleine to read and write and resists his growing attraction to her. Dr. Royer-Collard arrives, informing the Abbé that the Marquis\' "therapeutic writings" have been distributed for public consumption. Horrified, the Abbé rejects Royer-Collard\'s offers of several archaic "treatments" and asks to speak with the Marquis himself, who promptly swears obedience . Royer-Collard takes his leave for the time being and travels to the Panthemont Convent in Paris to retrieve his promised bride, the underage Simone. They are given a run-down chateau by the Emperor, with a handsome young architect, Prouix, on hand for its renovation. The hasty marriage incites much gossip at the asylum, prompting the Marquis to write a farce to be performed at a public exhibition. The audacious play, titled "The Crimes of Love", is interrupted when the inmate Bouchon (British character actor molests Madeleine off-stage, prompting her to hit him in the face with an iron. Royer-Collard shuts down the public theater and demands that the Abbé do more to control the Marquis. Infuriated, the Abbé confiscates the Marquis\' quills and ink, prompting more subversive behavior, including a story written in wine on bedsheets and in blood on clothing. This results in further deprivation, eventually leaving the Marquis naked in an empty cell. One of the maids reveals that Madeleine has been helping the Marquis. Madeleine is whipped on the order of Dr. Royer-Collard until the Abbé stops him by offering himself instead and declaring that she will be sent away. That night she visits his chamber to beg him to reconsider sending her away and confesses her love for him in the process, prompting him to kiss her passionately. He abruptly breaks away at the realization of what he is doing. Madeleine is angry with him the next day and the Abbé is shown as sexually frustrated. While this is occurring at the asylum, Simone has been violently introduced to the adult world by her husband. She unrepentantly purchases a copy of the Marquis de Sade\'s Justine, seduces Prioux, and the young lovers run off together. She leaves behind a letter explaining her actions and her copy of Justine. Upon finding this, Dr. Royer-Collard seizes on the Marquis as the source of his troubles and embarks upon a quest for revenge. About to be sent away from Charenton for her role in assisting the Marquis, Madeleine begs a last story from him, which is to be relayed to her through the asylum patients. Bouchon, the inmate at the end of the relay, is excited by the story, breaks out of his cell, and kills Madeleine. The asylum is set afire by the pyromaniac Dauphin and the inmates break out of their cells. Madeleine\'s body is found by her blind mother and the Abbé in the laundry vat. The Abbé is completely devastated by Madeleine\'s death and Bouchon is captured and imprisoned inside an iron dummy. The Abbé blames the Marquis for Madeleine\'s death and prods him into a fury. The Marquis claims he had been with Madeleine in every way imaginable, only to be told she had died a virgin. The Abbé cuts out the Marquis\' tongue as punishment for his involvement. In a later scene, the Abbé has sex with the corpse of Madeline in a dream. The Marquis\' health declines severely, though perverse as ever, he decorates his oubliette with a story, using feces as ink. As the Abbé finishes reading the last rites, he offers the Marquis a crucifix to kiss, which he swallows and chokes on, thus committing suicide. A year later, the new Abbé du Maupas arrives at Charenton and is given the grand tour. The asylum has been converted into a print shop, with the inmates as its staff. The books being printed are the works of the Marquis de Sade. At the end of the tour, the new Abbé meets his predecessor, who resides in the Marquis\' old cell. Yearning to write, he begs paper and a quill from the Abbé, who is herded off by Royer-Collard, now overseer of the asylum. However, the peephole opens, and Madeleine\'s mother thrusts paper, quill, and ink through. The Abbé begins to scribble furiously, with the Marquis providing the narration.{{cite web}}'] ['The morning after a violent thunderstorm, David Drayton  and his wife Stephanie  check outside to find many broken windows and their boathouse collapsed. David decides to go to the local grocery store to buy supplies, bringing his neighbor Brent Norton , and his five-year-old son, Billy . The store is crowded with people who are also recovering from the storm. The power grid has gone down, leaving the store with only a generator for the refrigeration units. A panicked man, Dan Miller  runs into the store with a bloody nose warning of something dangerous in the oncoming mist, which envelops the store making it impossible to see outside. A siege mentality starts to form. Mrs. Carmody , a religious fanatic, believes that this is the beginning of Armageddon. A visibly shaken woman, , exclaims that she must return to her children at home. She implores others for help, but eventually leaves alone. Shortly afterward, David and Billy befriend a teacher named Amanda Dumfries . David, as well as mechanics Myron  and Jim ([[William Sadler , bag-boy Norm ([[Chris Owen , and assistant manager Ollie Weeks  investigate the loading bay generator and find that the exhaust vent is plugged. Norm volunteers to go outside and unplug the vent. When the door is opened, Norm is snatched and devoured by a mass of tentacles. The group convinces most of the survivors that there are dangerous creatures outside, but Norton and a few other skeptics decide to venture outside to seek rescue. One of them volunteers to be tied to a rope so that David can measure how far they go. After disappearing into the mist, the rope is suddenly dragged, and David pulls it back to find only the man\'s lower body at the end of it. At night, enormous flying insects land on the windows and pterodactyl-like animals prey on them, eventually causing the glass to break. Two people are killed and one is badly burned. Mrs. Carmody is mysteriously spared by one of the insects when she prays. After the invasion, Carmody starts fire-and-brimstone preaching and quickly gains followers among the distraught survivors. David and a group of volunteers attempt to retrieve medical supplies for the burn victim from the neighboring pharmacy. The pharmacy appears to be empty, but its patrons have been ensnared in webs. David\'s party also discovers an American MP who has been webbed to a pillar. The MP gasps that the mist was "their fault" and begs to be freed of the webbing, but his chest is covered with large pustules which then burst into many small spiders. David\'s party is then attacked by dozens of otherworldly spider like monsters. Two members of David\'s party are killed by the acidic webbing of the spider creatures, and the surviving members flee the pharmacy with the supplies. At the store, two of the soldiers have committed suicide and the remaining soldier, Private Jessup , reveals that the local military base was filled with rumors about Project Arrowhead - an attempt to look into other dimensions, but the scientists responsible for the experiment may have inadvertently opened a doorway into a dimension containing the creatures that surround them. Jim, who since the trip to the pharmacy has thrown in with Ms. Carmody, overhears this discussion and drags Private Jessup before Mrs. Carmody, revealing that the soldiers and the Arrowhead project are responsible for their plight. Ms. Carmody whips the congregation into a killing fury, urging them to sacrifice Jessup so that the creatures will leave them alone. Jessup is repeatedly stabbed and thrown out of the store, where he is grabbed by a large crab-like creature and taken away. Fearing Mrs. Carmody\'s congregation, David and a handful of survivors secretly gather supplies and embrace David\'s earlier idea to flee. The next morning David and his group are intercepted by Mrs. Carmody, who destroys the supplies and again begins to whip her followers into a frenzy. She orders her followers to murder David and everyone in his group, but is shot and killed by Ollie, forcing her horrified followers to step aside and allow David\'s group to leave. While running to the car, Ollie, Myron and Cornell are killed by creatures, and Bud Brown runs back to the store and is allowed back inside. Amanda, David, Billy, Dan and Irene  make it to the car and David retrieves Ollie\'s gun. They drive past the store window, as Bud Brown and Mrs. Carmody\'s former followers watch. Driving through the mist, David returns home to find his wife dead, webbed into a corner. Heartbroken and in tears, he drives the group south, glimpsing destruction. The group encounters a gigantic tentacled beast, hundreds of feet tall, that casually strides past them. Eventually they run out of gas and pull over, disheartened that they hadn\'t seen any other survivors. While Billy is sleeping, the four adults discuss their fate and decide that there is no point in going on. With four bullets left in the gun and five people in the car, David shoots and kills Amanda, Dan, Irene and his son. Distraught and determined to die, David exits the vehicle in anguish. He turns towards a loud approaching rumble and out of the mist comes a self-propelled artillery vehicle, followed by a squad of soldiers equipped with NBC suits and flamethrowers killing the monsters. The mist recedes and several trucks of soldiers and survivors pass David. Among them are various people from the market and the one woman who walked out by herself and her two young children. Realizing that they were only moments from being rescued and that he just killed four people including his own son needlessly, a distraught David falls to his knees screaming while soldiers look on in confusion.'] ["The film follows several characters both black, white as well as mixed. Maxwell Fleury  is a white plantation owner's son who suffers from an inferiority complex and makes rash decisions to prove his worth. He lives with his beautiful wife, Sylvia . Maxwell is tormented by extreme jealousy of his wife, and is envious of his younger sister Jocelyn . Jocelyn is being courted by Evan Templeton , a war hero visiting the Governor of the island, his father Lord Templeton . The film also follows David Boyeur , a young black man emerging as a powerful politician representing the common people and seen as a threat to the white ruling class. Mavis Norman , a woman from the elite white class strikes up a romantic interest in Boyeur and much of the film explores the tension between these two. Finally, the film takes a look at the interracial romance between Margot Seaton , a black drug store clerk, and Denis Archer , aide to the Governor. Other characters include Hilary Carson  who Maxwell Fleury thinks is having an affair with his wife; Colonel Whittingham , the head of police, who investigates the murder of Hilary Carson central to the plot; a journalist named Bradshaw ; and finally Julian Fleury  and his wife  who are both hiding secrets from their children. The characters and their relationships with each other are all shown to be complex and the issues being addressed were rather taboo for 1957. Furthermore, the film can be enjoyed for the lush, beautiful scenery and unpredictable plot dynamics. Belafonte breaks his character to sing a calypso title song."] ["The film is a romantic melodramaabout two childhood friends who grow up to be soldiers in Austria. One of the friends, Leo,  becomes infatuated with Felicitas , who turns out to be the wife of a powerful count . The count calls Leo out for a duel of honor, but insists that it be done under the false pretense that the quarrel was due to angry words exchanged between the two at a card game in order to protect the count's reputation. Leo kills the count in the duel, but then is punished by the military, being sent away to Africa for five years. Due to Ulrich's intervention, Leo only serves three years before being recalled home. He return journey focuses on his dream of being reunited with Felicitas. Before he left for Africa, Leo had ask Ulrich  to take care of Felicitas' needs while he was away, but Ulrich — unaware that his friend is in love with Felicitas — falls in love with her himself and marries her. Upon his return, Leo finds himself torn between temptation for Felicitas — which the young woman encourages — and his friendship for Ulrich. Condemned by a local pastor for continuing to associate with Felicitas, Leo eventually loses control of his emotions. Felicitas plays Leo for a fool. He tries to kill her by choking her, leading to a climactic duel between the two boyhood friends. While racing to stop the duel, Felicitas falls through a layer of thin ice and drowns. Meanwhile, the friends reconcile, realizing that their friendship is more important than Felicitas."] ['Jane Coslaw , the narrator of the film, is the oldest sister in a dysfunctional family of four. Her narration centers on her strained relationship with her younger, paraplegic brother Marty  and their parents Nan and Bob. Their rocky relationship changes after a series of murders in their small rural town of Tarker\'s Mills, Maine. First, a railroad worker, Arnie Westrum , is killed by a werewolf. The county coroner believes that Arnie passed out on the railroad tracks and was run over by a train. Soon after, a local woman, Stella Randolph , prepares to commit suicide because she is unmarried and pregnant. Before she can act, she is murdered. This murder goes unsolved and the townsfolk become worried. The next victim, Milt Sturmfuller , whose daughter is Marty\'s girlfriend, hears a racket in his shed. Believing teenagers are making mischief, Sturmfuller plans to scare them off with a shotgun. Instead, he encounters the werewolf and is killed. His family leaves town. Next to die is teenager Brady Kincaid , Marty\'s best friend, who stayed out too late one night while flying a kite. After Brady\'s death, citizens led by local gun shop owner Andy Fairton  form a vigilante justice group. Although local Sheriff Joe Haller  and his lone deputy  attempt to stop the citizens, the officers relent after being berated by Brady\'s father . In the middle of the melee, Baptist Reverend Lester Lowe  attempts to prevent the townsfolk from causing further bloodshed. After the vigilantes go out hunting for the killer, several are attacked and killed, including Owen Knopfler . The survivors later deny seeing anything unusual. After the vigilantes are attacked, Reverend Lowe dreams that he is presiding over a mass funeral when his congregation -- including the dead bodies in the caskets -- begins to transform into werewolves before his eyes. He awakes and asks God to "let it end." As a result of the mounting unsolved murders, curfews are put in place and the annual fair and fireworks show is canceled. The Coslaws decide to have their own backyard party and invite Nan\'s alcoholic black sheep brother, Uncle Red . Red builds a wheelchair/motorcycle for his nephew, which he nicknames the "Silver Bullet". He also gives Marty a pile of fireworks so that he can have his own celebration. Marty uses the Silver Bullet to go out in the middle of the night to a small bridge where he lights the fireworks. Marty is confronted by the werewolf and barely escapes with his life by launching a rocket into the left eye of the creature. Marty enlists Jane\'s help to look for someone with a newly injured or missing left eye. The search is conducted under the cover of the church\'s bottle drive, so as not to arouse suspicion. When Jane turns her bottles in, she discovers that Reverend Lowe is missing his left eye. Realizing that no adult would believe his fantastic story, Marty begins sending anonymous notes to Reverend Lowe telling him that he knows who he is, what he is, and that he should commit suicide in order to stop the killings. A cat-and-mouse chase ensues between the Reverend and the siblings. At one point Lowe tries to run Marty, who is driving the Silver Bullet, off the road with his car. When Marty is trapped under a closed covered bridge, Lowe, who has more or less gone insane, uses Judeo-Christian logic to rationalize the murders he has committed: he cites Randolph\'s murder during her suicide attempt as his effort to save her soul ; Westrum was a severe alcoholic; he implies that Sturmfuller was abusing his wife and possibly his daughter ; and the vigilantes intended to murder someone in cold blood . Lowe then apologizes and tells Marty that he is going to drown him in the river when Marty is unwittingly saved by local farmer Elmer Zinneman. The siblings tell Red about their letter-writing campaign to Reverend Lowe. After calming down the furious Red, they manage to convince him that Lowe is connected to the murders and attempted to kill Marty: The Silver Bullet has dents and a scrape of blue paint that matches Lowe\'s car. Unable to deny the evidence in front of him, Red heads straight to Sheriff Haller. Although Red admits that he has his doubts, and Haller does not believe Lowe to be a killer, Red nonetheless persuades the sheriff to investigate. That night, Haller, still skeptical but desperate to find the killer, is shocked to discover evidence that at least some of Marty\'s story may be true. Haller finds Lowe, who has locked himself in his garage, but before Haller can arrest him, Lowe transforms and kills Haller. Marty and Jane realize that with Haller out of the way, the werewolf now has an easy path to come after them. They convince Red to take Jane\'s silver cross and Marty\'s silver medallion and melt it down into a silver bullet. Under the guise of Marty having just "discovered the Lone Ranger", Red has a local gunsmith make the bullet, after which, while admiring his handiwork, the gunsmith tells Red that the bullet should have no problem killing a werewolf. On Halloween, Red shows up at the Coslaws with some fortuitous news: He has won a romantic getaway to New York, but since he got separated from his wife, he gives the tickets to Nan and Bob. Questioned by Marty and Jane, Red reveals that he bought the tickets as a ruse to get their parents to safety. With the now full moon in the sky, they head inside to wait for the werewolf. Despite their best efforts, the trio fall asleep and are startled when Red  burns himself and drops the gun, nearly setting it off. Jane screams in horror  as she sees the werewolf looking at her from the living room window, although when Red looks he finds nothing. Red begins to doubt that the werewolf is real, much less going to show up, and orders Marty and Jane to bed. The werewolf meanwhile cuts the power to the house, leaving the trio in darkness. The werewolf then smashes into the house, attacking Red, Marty and Jane. Despite Red\'s best efforts he is overpowered by the werewolf and tossed around like a rag doll. Marty manages to find the bullet  and shoots the werewolf in the right eye with the silver bullet, killing him. The corpse turns back into Reverend Lowe, and Marty and Jane realize that the ordeal has strengthened their love for each other.'] ['In the prologue, the film depicts a panicky man who, for unknown reasons, murders his wife with a shotgun. The main storyline opens with Jack and Stephanie, a bickering young couple, who are lost while driving through the backwoods. We soon learn that they are on their way to meet a marriage counselor. After getting bad directions from a state trooper, the couple get into a car accident when they run over some spiked metal in the road, which Jack dismisses as discarded scrap metal; they find another car which has experienced the same fate, but the occupants are missing. Forced to proceed on foot, Jack and Stephanie find the gothic Wayside Inn, where they try to phone for help. At the inn, they meet the occupants of the other car, the engaged couple Leslie and Randy. Because the phones are inoperative, both couples are forced to spend the night at the inn, which is staffed only by the eccentric proprieter Betty, her creepy son Pete , and the gruff caretaker Stewart. After a tense dinner, in which personalities clash, the group is terrorized by a legendary local figure, the Tin Man. Armed with a shotgun, the Tin Man attempts to get into the Wayside Inn. The staff locks the Tin Man out, and he responds by giving them a message scrawled on the side of a tin can. The message declares that he will kill everyone in the house unless they give him one dead body by sunrise. The staff, blaming their guests for attracting the Tin Man\'s attention, attempts to lock them in the freezing meat locker, threatening to leave them there for weeks. A fight ensues, and the guests realize that there is a supernatural presence in the house when Betty is injured in the struggle and bleeds black fog. The couples escape the meat locker, but are unable to leave the house, which assaults them with terrifying visions involving their worst memories. For Jack and Stephanie, the visions involve their daughter, who died after falling through the ice in a skating accident. For Randy, the visions involve his abusive father. For Leslie, the visions involve an uncle named Pete, who sexually abused her when she was a little girl; these visions are intensified by the similar lusts of Pete who lives at the Wayside Inn. Confused by the visions, the four guests find themselves separated. Jack meets Susan, a young girl who has been held captive by the staff. Susan reminds Jack of his deceased daughter, especially after she claims to have been in contact with her spirit; Susan assures Jack, and later Stephanie, that their daughter is in a good place. Emotionally tormented by the visions, stalked by the homicidal Wayside staff, and under constant threat from the Tin Man, all four guests succumb to the various pressures and start to turn on each other. Shortly after, they discover that the staff worships the Devil, Jack is split into two identical people; both seem to think of themselves as the "real" Jack, yet both bleed black mist when injured, making it impossible for anyone to figure out which is the real Jack and which is the doppelganger. These couples almost escape when they are aided by Officer Lawdale , but they are recaptured when Lawdale turns out to be working with the Wayside staff. Lawdale and the Wayside staff try to force the couples to appease the Tin Man by choosing one of themselves to kill. Past tensions initially lead the viewer to believe that Randy will resolve the situation by killing Jack, but he instead turns the gun on Susan. Jack deflects the gun but Susan is hit. Desperate to appease the Tin Man, Leslie and Randy kill each other. Lawdale reveals that he is the Tin Man, and that he and the Wayside staffers are all manifestations of pure evil. Jack and Stephanie defeat their captors by channeling the energy of pure good that is flowing from Susan\'s dead body. Finally able to escape the inn, Jack and Stephanie trek back to their car, where they discover their unconscious bodies, as well as the dead bodies of Leslie and Randy; they realize that their entire experience at the inn was nothing more than a shared out of body experience. As Jack and Stephanie wake up and are taken away in an ambulance, they are watched over by a resurrected Susan, who observes that their love for each other has been reawakened by the events at the Wayside Inn. As the couple ride off in an ambulance, Jack looks out the window to see Lawdale laughing at him from the front gate of the Wayside, with the caretakers watching out of an upstairs window.'] ["When a passenger plane crashes on top of one of the Swiss Alps, greedy Christopher Teller  decides to go and rob the dead. However, he has no hope of getting to the crash site without the help of his older brother Zachary , a highly skilled mountain climber. Zachary wants to leave the dead in peace, but Chris hounds him until he finally gives in. When they reach the downed plane, they find one badly injured survivor, an Indian woman . Chris wants to leave her there to die, but Zachary insists on bringing her down the mountain. On the descent, Chris, ignoring Zachary's warning, tries to cross an unsafe snow bridge and falls to his death. When Zachary gets the woman to his village, he tells everyone that he went up the mountain to rob the plane and forced his brother to go with him, but his friends  know better."] ['Ray Dokes ([[Luke Kirby , is fresh out of prison. Returning home, he discovers the countryside of his youth transformed. Urban development crawls across the pastoral fields like a rash. Determined to stay out of trouble, Ray heads to the farm of his old friend Pete , a Texan cowboy, whose debts are growing faster than his corn. Sonny Stanton , the heir to a thoroughbred dynasty, is buying the entire concession of farmland to build a golf course. One of the farms he’s after belongs to Etta Parr , Ray’s old flame. Seems she’s the only one brave enough to stand in Sonny’s way Ray hooks up with Chrissie Nugent , a kick-ass jockey and tries to steer clear of Sonny. When a million-dollar thoroughbred goes missing from the Stanton Stables, Sonny gets desperate and forces the sale of the community’s remaining farms. Ray reacts by coming up with a scheme to stop Sonny once and for all. One false move will land Ray back in jail.'] ['The film starts with the closing scenes of Casablanca, with Humphrey Bogart and Ingrid Bergman. We then see that it is the main character, Allan Felix , who is watching the film in a cinema, mouth agape. He leaves the cinema regretting that he will never be like Rick. Apart from apparitions of Bogart he also has frequent flashbacks of conversations with his ex-wife, who constantly belittled his sexual adequacy. Allan Felix has just been through a messy divorce. His two friends, Linda Christie  and her husband Dick ([[Tony Roberts , try convincing him to go out with women again, setting him up with a series of blind dates, all of which turn out to be unsuitable. He agrees, and throughout the film, he is seen receiving dating advice from the ghost of Humphrey Bogart , who is visible and audible only to Allan. Allan\'s ex-wife Nancy  also makes fantasy appearances, as he imagines conversations with her about the breakdown of their marriage. On one occasion, the fantasy seems to run out of control, with both Bogart and Nancy appearing. As the film goes on we see that, when it comes to women, Allan puts on a mask. He attempts to become sexy and sophisticated, in particular he tries to be like his idol, Bogart, only to end up ruining his chances by being too clumsy. Eventually, he develops feelings for Linda, around whom he feels relatively at ease and does not feel the need to put on the mask. At the point where he finally makes his move on Linda  a vision of his ex-wife appears and shoots Bogart, leaving him without advice. He then makes an awkward move. Linda runs off but returns, realizing that Allan loves her. "As Time Goes By" plays as they kiss, with flashes from Casablanca. However, their relationship is ultimately doomed, just as it was for Rick  and Ilsa  in Casablanca. Dick comes home early from Cleveland and confides in Allan that he thinks Linda is having an affair, not working out that her affair is with Allan, but expresses his love for Linda to him. The ending is a parody of Casablancas famous ending. Dick is catching a flight to Cleveland, Linda is chasing after him, and Allan is chasing after Linda. The fog, the aircraft engine start-ups, the trenchcoats worn and the dialogue are all reminiscent of the film, as Allan nobly explains to Linda why she has to go with her husband, rather than staying behind with him. Allan says "if that plane leaves the ground and you\'re not on it, you\'ll regret it, maybe not today maybe not tomorrow, but soon, and for the rest of your life". "That is beautiful," she says, causing Allan to reply "It\'s from Casablanca. . . . I\'ve waited my whole life to say it". His journey is complete. The music from the scene in Casablanca resumes the theme "As Time Goes By" and the film ends.'] ["A newspaper photographer, Jean Janes, travels to the Isles of Shoals off the New Hampshire coast with her husband Thomas, an award-winning poet; his brother Rich, and Rich's girlfriend Adaline. She is researching the murder of two immigrant women in 1873. In a twist of fate, Jean discovers archived papers that appear to give an account of the murders. According to the papers, a third woman, a Norwegian immigrant named Maren Hontvedt, survived the attack by Louis Wagner. The plot unfolds the narrative of the papers and Hontvedt's testimony against Wagner. Jean privately struggles with jealousy and increasing suspicion as she suspects her husband of infidelity with Adaline."] ['Janey is on vacation with her brother Jim, mother Kate, and father Ed, at their beach house on the Mahurangi Peninsula in New Zealand. Ed and Kate, who are on the verge of divorce, sit in the backyard all day drinking whiskey, leaving their young children to amuse and fend for themselves. Cady, a local boatie who is having an affair with Kate, catches Janey\'s pubescent eye. In response to his wife\'s problems with alcohol and infidelity, Ed turns to alcohol, neglecting his children almost as much as his wife. When Janey sees Cady photographing Kate on his boat, she persuades him to take pictures of her as well. Then, like her mother, she wants something else from him. Leaving little Jim alone on the beach, Janey leads Cady high into the woods. After posing for him, she takes his camera and tells him how to pose. She adjusts his shirt and tells him to strip off. Then she puts his camera aside and starts touching him all over. They kiss, her head tilts back, and the screen goes black-and-white. In the next scene, Janey lies alone in the woods naked. She is next seen walking back down the woody hillside to the beach. Off in the distance she sees her brother\'s little body. She runs the length of the beach to him, screaming his name. When she reaches him she launches into frenzied CPR: "1, 2, 3, 4, 5, breathe! 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, breathe!" Her father arrives and takes over the CPR. Janey begs him, "Make him breathe!" and when he says he is trying, she yells at him that he isn\'t. They eventually have to realize that they are too late to save Jim and to save the family.'] ["It's been 40 years since E.F. Bloodworth  abandoned his loving wife and sons for a life on the road. Now at the end of the line, Bloodworth reappears, forced to reckon with the stale aftermath of his departure. With his ex-wife Julia  mentally destroyed, his three sons; Warren , Boyd  and Brady  soured by years of anger, Bloodworth's only solace is a budding relationship with Fleming, the grandson he never knew. But when Fleming meets Raven , the woman of his dreams, will Bloodworth's presence force history to repeat itself?"] ['The film opens at the fictional Miskatonic University in Arkham, Massachusetts, where Dr. Henry Armitage  has just finished a lecture on the local history and the very rare and priceless Necronomicon. He gives the book to his student Nancy Wagner  to return to the library. She is followed by a stranger, who later introduces himself as Wilbur Whateley . Whateley asks to see the book, and though it is closing time and the book is reputedly the only copy in existence, Nancy allows it under the influence of Whateley\'s hypnotic gaze. Whateley\'s perusal of the book is cut short by Armitage, who has researched Wilbur\'s family\'s sordid past. His warnings about the Whateleys go unheeded by Nancy, who decides to give Wilbur a ride back to Dunwich after he misses his bus, perhaps purposely. At a gas station on the outskirts of town, Nancy first encounters the ill-esteem in which the locals hold Wilbur. Once back at the Whateley house, she meets Old Whateley , Wilbur\'s grandfather. Her car is then disabled and she is drugged by the younger Whateley. She decides under the influence of hypnosis and drugs to spend the weekend, and does not change her mind when Armitage and her classmate arrive from Arkham the next morning. The duo does not abandon Nancy, however. They investigate further and discover that Wilbur\'s mother, Lavinia  is still alive and in an asylum. The town doctor, Cory  informs Armitage that Lavinia delivered twins when Wilbur was born, but one was stillborn, though he was not there for the delivery and never saw the body. The childbirth was very traumatic and Lavina "lost her mind" during it, and nearly died. In the meantime, on the advice of the locals, Nancy\'s classmate enters the Whateley house looking for Nancy. She opens a locked door, and releases a creature  that kills her and escapes. Upon Wilbur and Nancy\'s return, Old Whateley confronts them about the presence of the missing girl\'s car, and in the ensuing argument, falls down the stairs and dies. Wilbur takes him to the local cemetery for a decidedly non-Christian burial, but the local townsfolk vociferously stop him. As the story draws to a close, a rapid unfolding of events occurs. Wilbur\'s twin runs amok in Dunwich, killing several people. Lavinia dies in the asylum, looking much older than her 45 years. The Whateley estate burns down in a conflagration that may have to do with a pagan ritual. At the top of a coastal cliff, Wilbur prepares Nancy for sacrifice to bring back what he calls "The Old Ones." He is struck by lightning in the ritual and falls in a ball of fire into the sea. In the closing scene, the physically unharmed Nancy is escorted off the sacrificial altar by Armitage and Cory, who calm her by stating that the Whateley line has ended. Just before the credits, it is revealed that Nancy is pregnant, presumably with Wilbur\'s ill-conceived child.'] ["Beth Cappadora  and her husband Pat  experience a parent's worst fear when their son Ben vanishes in a crowded hotel lobby during Beth's high school reunion. The ensuing frantic search is unsuccessful, and Beth goes through a sustained nervous breakdown. Unable to cope with her devastation, Beth unintentionally neglects her other children, Vincent ([[Jonathan Jackson  and Kerry . After nine years, the family has seemingly accepted that Ben has gone forever, when a familiar-looking boy  turns up at their house, introduces himself as Sam and offers to mow their lawn. Beth is convinced that Sam is actually her son, and begins an investigation that culminates in the discovery that Ben was kidnapped at the ill-fated high school reunion years ago, by a mentally unstable woman who was a high school classmate of Beth's. This woman brought up Ben as her own child, until she committed suicide. The attempted re-integration of Ben back into the Cappadora family produces painful results for all involved. Eventually the family decides that what's best for Ben is to return him to his adoptive father, but one night Vincent finds him playing basketball outside. Ben reveals that he remembered something from before his abduction, playing with Vincent and Vincent finding him, causing him to feel safe. Vincent, who has carried guilt for letting go of Ben at the reunion is forgiven by Ben who decides to return to living with his real family, but first plays a game of basketball with his brother with their parents secretly watching from their bedroom window."] ['The story is set in 1962 and opens with images of a Soviet military parade on the Red Square. In Copenhagen, a high-ranking Soviet intelligence officer defects to the West with his wife and daughter. CIA agent Nordstrom  debriefs him and learns that Russian missiles are to be posted in Cuba. Nordstrom enlists the aid of his friend and French agent André Devereaux , encouraging him to accompany his daughter Michèle  on her honeymoon with journalist François Picard  as a premise to get him to New York. André accepts, but his wife Nicole  is worried for him. In New York, André entrusts a familiar contact, Philippe Dubois  to get hold of some seriously damaging papers concerning Soviet plans in Cuba from the visiting Cuban official Rico Parra . Parra is in New York to appear at the United Nations and stays at the Hotel Theresa in Harlem to show solidarity with "the masses". Dubois, taking the identity of a black journalist from Ebony, sneaks into the embassy , manages to take photos of some of the documents and then runs away, chased by Cuban revolutionaries. While cunningly dodging away, Dubois shams bumping into and overthrowing André, who was watching events from the other side of the street, and slips the camera into his hand. A Cuban guard helps André to get up, stares at him, and lets him go.  The photos confirm that the Soviets are secretly transporting and placing missiles in Cuba. Devereaux, unheeding of his wife\'s fear and jealousy, jets off to Cuba to find out more details. He catches up with his mistress Juanita de Cordoba , widow to a former first-hour wealthy "hero of the Revolution", and herself now leader of the local underground resistance network: she acts undercover and collects information as Parra\'s lover. André, on arriving, finds Parra leaving Juanita\'s mansion. During a scene of intimacy in the mansion, Devereaux asks her to somehow take photos of the missiles as they are unloaded from Russian boats at the harbour. But Juanita\'s people are arrested and tortured, while Parra\'s man, during a big mass rally and lengthy speech by the "líder máximo", recognizes André\'s face from the incident in front of the hotel. Parra, who has heard from the maimed and tortured female underground member that Juanita is their leader, confronts Juanita and, hugging her in his arms, shoots her to save her from being tortured to death. In one of the film\'s most memorable shots, Juanita is seen from overhead, her dress spreading out on the floor like a bloodstain  on the big black-and-white pavement tiles, as she collapses. André is searched thoroughly at the airport on departure, but the Cuban authorities are unable to find the carefully hidden microfilms, which provide crucial information for the CIA about Soviet activities in Cuba. When André arrives back in Washington, he finds his home empty: his wife deserted him due to his Cuban love interest and returned to Paris. He is also recalled to Paris, but before he leaves, he is informed by Nordstrom about the existence of a Soviet spy organization called \'Topaz\' within the French intelligence service. He is given the name of one certain member, NATO official Henri Jarré , who leaked documents to the KGB. On arrival, he attempts to get to the bottom of the leak, while his daughter Michèle wants to reconcile her parents. He invites some of his old friends and colleagues, including Jarré, to a lunch at a fine restaurant, "Chez Pierre". While Jarré eats, André tells the others about Topaz in order to provoke some reaction. Jarré answers that all this is a piece of misinformation, since he knows that the Russian official in fact died a year ago. But he begins to panic, and visits the man who is the leader of the spy ring, Jacques Granville . But Granville, in his night gown, is "waiting for somebody". As Jarré is leaving Granville\'s house, a woman arrives. It is Nicole, André\'s wife, and as they kiss we see a photo on a stand: Devereaux, Nicole and Granville were old friends from their days together in the French Resistance. Devereaux sends his son-in-law François to interview and extract information out of Jarré. François calls Devereaux from Jarré\'s home, but the call is cut short. Devereaux and Michèle rush together to Jarré\'s flat, and find him dead. François has disappeared. André and Michèle return to Nicole\'s, and a short time later François arrives: he was clubbed, but came to and managed to escape from his captors\' car. He has overheard a phone number and shows a sketch of Jarré. Nicole, who was staring at the window then turns around and tells her family, with tearful eyes, that the phone number is Granville\'s, so he must be the leader of the "Topaz" organization. Granville is exposed and then either  apparently commits suicide or  flees to the Soviet Union.'] ['The story follows 72 hours in the life of Frank Pierce , a burnt-out paramedic, in 1990. Frank is a Manhattan medic working the graveyard shift in a two-man ambulance team. Usually exhausted and depressed, Frank sees ghosts walking the streets, particularly that of a young woman he failed to save six months before. He is assigned a shift per day, each with a different partner: Larry , Marcus , and Tom . While working with them, he befriends the daughter of a heart-attack victim he brought in, Mary , an ex-junkie. Between rounds, Frank battles against the massive effects of a new form of heroin that is hitting the streets, as well as his own psychological demons.'] [' Frank Chambers  is a drifter who stops at a rural diner for a meal, and ends up working there. The diner is operated by a beautiful young woman, Cora Smith , and her much older husband, Nick . Frank and Cora start to have an affair soon after they meet. Cora is tired of her situation, married to a man she does not love, and working at a diner that she wishes to own. She and Frank scheme to murder Nick in order to start a new life together without her losing the diner. Their first attempt at the murder is a failure, but they eventually succeed. The local prosecutor, Kyle Sackett ([[Leon Ames , suspects what has occurred, but doesn\'t have enough evidence to prove it. As a tactic intended to get Cora and Frank to turn on one another, he tries only Cora for the crime. Although they do turn against each other, a clever ploy from Cora\'s lawyer prevents Cora\'s full confession from coming into the hands of the prosecutor. With the tactic having failed to generate any new evidence for the prosecution, Cora benefits from a plea bargain in which she pleads guilty to manslaughter and receives probation. Frank and Cora eventually patch together their tumultuous relationship, and now plan for a future together. But as they seem to be prepared finally to live "happily ever after", Cora dies in a car accident, while Frank is driving. Although it was truly an accident, the circumstances seem suspicious enough that Frank is accused of having staged the crash. He is convicted of murdering Cora and is sentenced to death. When informed that his last chance at a reprieve from his death sentence has been denied, and thus his execution is now at hand, Frank is at first incredulous that he will be put to death for a crime of which he is innocent. But when informed that authorities have recently discovered irrefutable evidence of his guilt in the murder of Nick, Frank decides that his impending death is actually his overdue punishment for that crime, despite his official conviction being for the murder of Cora. Frank contemplates that when a person is expecting to receive a letter, it is of no concern if at first he does not hear the postman ring the doorbell, because the postman will always ring a second time, and that second ring will invariably be heard. After they escaped legal punishment for Nick\'s murder, but nonetheless with Cora now dead and Frank on his way to the death chamber, he notes that the postman has indeed rung a second time for each of them.'] ['Roy Waller  is a con artist residing in Los Angeles. Alongside his partner and protégé Frank Mercer , Roy operates a fake lottery, selling overpriced water filtration systems to unsuspecting customers; in the process, Roy has collected over one million dollars. Roy suffers from several mental disorders, including agoraphobia, mysophobia, obsessive-compulsive personality disorder and a tic disorder- he yells "Pygmies" whenever something surprises or upsets him. After Roy experiences a violent panic attack, Frank suggests he see a psychiatrist, Dr. Harris Klein . Klein provides Roy with medication, and in therapy has Roy recall his past relationship with his ex-wife, Heather , who was pregnant during the time of the divorce. At Roy\'s behest, Klein informs Roy that he called Heather and found out that Roy has a 14-year-old daughter, Angela . Roy and Angela meet and Angela quizzes Roy regarding his life and occupation. Her youthful energy rejuvenates him, and Roy thus agrees to work with Frank on a long-term con: their target is Chuck Frechette , an arrogant businessman whom the duo decides to con with the Jamaican Switch. One night, Angela unexpectedly arrives at Roy\'s house, saying that she has had a fight with her mother, and decides to stay for the weekend before returning to school, much to Roy\'s discomfort. She explores his belongings and causes him to rethink his life, which he mentions during therapy with Klein. Angela returns home late one night, leading to an argument between the two. During dinner, Roy admits that he is a con artist and reluctantly agrees to teach Angela a con. The two of them go to a local laundromat and con an older woman into believing she has won the lottery, and she shares half of her expected winnings with Angela; however, Roy then forces Angela to return the money. Roy questions the morality of teaching his daughter such practices, but believes his rejuvenation is a good sign. He then goes bowling with her but is interrupted when Frank reveals that Chuck\'s flight to the Caymans has been updated to that day instead of Friday as planned. With little time left, Roy reluctantly decides to let Angela play the part of distracting Chuck midway through the con; however, after the con is finished, Chuck realizes what has happened and chases the two into the parking lot before they escape. Roy then learns that Angela was arrested a year ago, and forces her to stop calling him despite the fact that she has bought him a small present as a sign of affection. Without Angela, Roy\'s myriad phobias resurface, and during another panic attack, he ultimately learns that the medication given him by Klein is a placebo, proving that he doesn\'t actually need his pills to be happy. He decides that he needs Angela in his life but that he would have to change his lifestyle, much to Frank\'s disappointment. Roy and Angela return from dinner one night to find Chuck waiting for them with a gun, alongside a badly beaten Frank. Angela shoots Chuck and Roy sends her off with Frank into hiding until the matter can be sorted out. As Roy prepares to take care of Chuck\'s body, Chuck suddenly springs to life and knocks Roy unconscious. Roy awakens in a hospital, where the police inform him that Chuck eventually died from the gunshot and Frank and Angela have disappeared. Klein appears and Roy gives him the password to his bank account, ordering him to give the money to Angela when she is found. Later, Roy awakens to find that the "police" have disappeared, his "hospital room" is actually a freight container on the roof of a parking garage, "Dr. Klein\'s" office is vacant, and essentially all of his money has been taken. As he begins to realize that Frank pulled a con on him, Roy drives over to Heather\'s  looking for Angela. While speaking with Heather, Roy learns the truth: Heather miscarried their child. There is no "Angela": the young girl he thought was his child was actually Frank\'s accomplice. One year later, Roy has become a salesman at a local carpet store, which Angela and her boyfriend one day wander into. Roy confronts Angela but ultimately forgives her, realizing that he is much happier as an honest man. Angela reveals that she did not receive her fair share of the cut from Frank, and that it was the only con she ever pulled. Angela and her boyfriend depart and Roy returns home to his new wife Kathy, who is now pregnant with his child.'] ['The film has several plot lines, one each for Ralphie, his father and his mother, followed by one involving Ralphie and his dad on a fishing trip. Ralphie\'s quest for most of the movie is to find a top tough enough to knock a bully\'s top out of a chalk circle in a game of "Kill." Meanwhile, the Old Man has a series of skirmishes with his hillbilly neighbors, the Bumpuses, and all forty-three Bloodhounds named Big Red. The Old Man calls in Barkley, the family dog, to distract the Bumpuses\' hounds when the Old Man comes home from work; when he gets out of the car, he accidentally steps in dog poop. Ralphie\'s mom would like to finally get something other than a Ronald Colman gravy boat on dish night at the local cinema. Scut the main Bully is demoted down with a new head bully ruling over him. When Ralphie does get a superior Top just as powerful as the Bully\'s and both Tops go at it, ending up with both of them disappearing into the sewer never to be seen again.'] ['The film opens in 1937 Louisiana with four little girls out in the woods at night, each wearing a home-made headdress. The leader, Viviane Abbott, initiates them into a secret order she dubs the "Ya-Ya Sisterhood," which they seal by cutting their palms and taking a blood oath of undying loyalty. The film then moves to New York City in 2002, where Viviane\'s daughter, playwright Siddalee Walker , while overseeing production of her newest release, gives an interview with a reporter from Time, mentioning her unhappy childhood as a major source of inspiration for her work. The reporter sensationalizes Sidda\'s complaint, implying abuse and deep, dark family secrets. Vivi  reads the article and becomes extremely upset. She calls Sidda, but instead of speaking can only bang the phone on the table while crying that she is dead to her. Sidda, equally frustrated by her mother\'s behavior, also bangs her phone against the counter after Vivi has hung up on her. Much to the frustration of her fiancé, Connor McGill , Sidda takes her mother\'s behavior as a declaration of all-out war. Vivi takes down all the pictures of Sidda in her house, cuts her face out of family pictures, and mails the defaced pictures to Sidda, along with a copy of her will with Sidda\'s name marked out. Sidda in turn sends Vivi a newly-printed wedding invitation with the time and place cut out, plus torn-up tickets to her play. When the Ya-Ya Sisters learn of Vivi\'s war, they decide to take matters into their own hands to resolve it. Led by Caroline Eliza "Caro" Benett , Aimee Malissa "Teensy" Whitman , and Denise Rose "Necie" Kelleher  visit Sidda in New York, then drug her, kidnap her, and take her back to Louisiana. There they show her a scrapbook album her mother has kept, titled Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood, which they believe they must reveal to Sidda. They explain to Sidda her mother\'s experiences, depicted in flashbacks of their childhood, then as young women and mothers, including Sidda\'s own childhood. Vivi\'s  troubles include: encountering family racism as a child; a bitter, jealous mother who falsely accuses her of incest with her father, and the loss of her true love, Teensy\'s brother Jack  who is killed in World War II. She settles for an unhappy marriage with Shepherd James "Shep" Walker , a good and faithful man who loves her, despite the abuse she heaps on him because he isn\'t Jack. This is all well and good to Sidda, but doesn\'t change her opinion of her mother as a self-centered person unable to deal with her troubles, which she has unfairly inflicted on Sidda to the point of needing psychotherapy. Meanwhile, she tells Connor not to send out the wedding invitations, which troubles him enough to come down to Louisiana to find her. The Sisters then realize that Sidda must be told Vivi\'s deepest, darkest secret in order to understand. They try to persuade Vivi that she must do this herself, but she doesn\'t have the courage to tell her daughter, so they do it for her with Sidda\'s father present. In the meantime, Vivi tells Connor herself. The secret is that Vivi eventually had a nervous breakdown, requiring a period of hospitalization. Sidda finally understands the depth of her mother\'s suffering, and that she didn\'t have to waste money on therapy trying to find out why it was her fault. She also recalls a happy memory of her mother: when Sidda missed out on an airplane ride because she was too scared but then changed her mind, Vivi borrowed money to get the pilot to give one more ride, which she took with Sidda. Sidda forgives her mother, and tells her she wants to have the wedding at her house. Vivi makes her daughter a Ya-Ya headdress, and the Sisters induct her into the order.'] ["Set in 1930, the film opens in New York City, where femme fatale Mrs. Erlynne finds that she is no longer welcomed by either the high-ranking men she has seduced or the society wives she has betrayed. Selling her jewelry, she buys passage on a liner bound for Amalfi, Italy, where she apparently sets her sights on newlywed Robert Windemere. When his car frequently is seen parked outside her villa, local gossips become convinced the two are having an affair. Robert's demure wife Meg remains oblivious to the stories about the two circulating throughout the town, but when she discovers her husband's check register with numerous stubs indicating payments to Erlynne, she suspects the worst. What she doesn't know is that Erlynne actually is her mother, who has been extorting payments from Robert in return for keeping her secret. She is consoled with the advice:'plain women resort to crying; pretty women go shopping'. In retaliation for what she believes is her husband's transgression, Meg wears a revealing gown to her twenty-first birthday celebration, attended by Erlynne - wearing the same dress - in the company of Lord Augustus, a wealthy, twice-divorced man who has proposed marriage to Erlynne. Complications ensue when Lord Darlington professes his love for Meg and implores her to leave her supposedly wayward husband, an invitation she accepts. Erlynne, having found Meg's farewell note to Robert, intercepts her on Darlington's yacht, where the two are trapped when Augustus, Darlington, Robert, and friends arrive for a night of drinking. Robert is startled to see the fan he gave Meg for her birthday on board; while Meg makes a hasty escape, Erlynne reveals herself and claims she had taken it from the party in error; and Augustus, thinking his fiancée was planning a romantic rendezvous with Darlington, ends their engagement. Robert pays Erlynne to leave Amalfi immediately and begs her not to reveal her identity to Meg. Reluctantly, she complies with his wishes, although she returns his check before she departs. On board the plane waiting to take her to a new life, she discovers Augustus, who presents her with the fan Meg gave him when she confessed to him all that had really happened. Erlynne accepts his renewed proposal of marriage and the two depart for places unknown."] ['{{See also}} After Washington, D.C. detective, forensic psychologist, and author Alex Cross  loses control of a sting operation, resulting in the death of his partner, he opts to retire from the force. He finds himself drawn back to police work when Megan Rose , the daughter of a United States senator, is kidnapped from her exclusive private school by computer science teacher Gary Soneji . U.S. Secret Service Special Agent Jezzie Flannigan , held responsible for the breach in security, joins forces with Cross to find the missing girl. Soneji contacts Cross by phone and alerts him to the fact one of Megan\'s sneakers is in the detective\'s mailbox, proving he\'s the kidnapper. Cross deduces the man is obsessed with the 1932 Charles A. Lindbergh Jr. kidnapping and hopes to become as infamous as Bruno Hauptmann by committing a new "Crime of the Century" that might be discussed by Cross in one of his true crime books. Megan\'s kidnapping proves to be only part of Soneji\'s real plan: to kidnap the son of the Russian president, Dimitri Starodubov , guaranteeing himself greater infamy. After Cross and Flannigan foil his second kidnapping plot, a supposed call from the kidnapper demands that Cross deliver a ransom of $10 million in diamonds by following an intricate maze of calls made to public phone booths scattered throughout the city. Cross ultimately tosses the gems out the window of a rapidly moving Metro train to a figure standing by the tracks. When Soneji later arrives at Flannigan\'s home and confronts Cross after disabling Jezzie with a taser, the detective realizes the kidnapper is unaware of the ransom demand and delivery. Soneji tries to leave with Flannigan but Cross kills him. Cross becomes suspicious and realizes that someone discovered Soneji long before his plot came to fruition. After searching Flannigan\'s home computer, he finds enough evidence to prove that Jezzie and her fellow Secret Service agent, Ben Devine ([[Billy Burke , used Soneji as a pawn in their own plot. He tracks them down to a secluded farmhouse where Flannigan has murdered Devine and is now intent on eliminating Megan Rose. Cross saves Megan and shoots Flannigan in the heart, killing her.'] ['The Mangler, in Gartley\'s Blue Ribbon Laundry service, is owned by Bill Gartley . The trouble starts when Gartley\'s niece, Sherry, cuts herself on a lever connected to the machine and splashes blood on the Mangler\'s tread while trying to avoid being crushed by an old ice box some movers are clumsily carrying past. Sparks and light streams occur when both the blood and the ice box come into close contact with the Mangler. Later, an elderly worker, struggling to open a bottle of antacids, spills them on the moving tread of the Mangler. When she attempts to collect them, the safety shield inexplicably lifts up and traps her hand inside, followed by her entire body getting pulled into the machine. Police officer John Hunton , with the help of his brother-in-law Mark , investigates the incident and the ones that soon follow. As the plot progresses, Mark tries to convince Hunton that the machine may be possessed, and the only way to stop the deaths is to exorcise the machine to dispel whatever demon is inhabiting it. With the help of Sherry, the two men attempt to exorcise the demon before it strikes again by reciting a prayer and administering holy water. The machine gives one last groan and shuts down. As they three sigh with relief, Hunton takes some antacids, admitting to Mark that they belonged to Frawley. Mark suddenly realizes that the key ingredient in the antacids is deadly nightshade, also called "the Hand of Glory" as outlined in his occult book. Since the machine was accidentally fed the same antacids, Mark realizes that not only was the exorcism rendered useless, as the demon is still alive, it is now stronger than ever. The machine bursts to life and now appears to have a mind of its own, shedding off pieces of metal and rising up in the manner of a wild beast. The three run through the warehouse as they are chased by the now-mobile Mangler. The Mangler kills Mark while John and Sherry descend a flight of stairs. In their hurry to escape, they fall through a large manhole into the sewer below, the machine struggling to get to them. Suddenly, something falls from the machine into the water, and a mechanical wail ensues. The machine draws back and becomes still.'] ['D\'Artagnan , an inexperienced Gascon youth, travels to Paris to join the elite King\'s Musketeers. On his way, he encounters a mysterious lady at a roadside inn. When he picks a fight with one of her escorts, she becomes suspicious and has him knocked unconscious. His letter of introduction from his father to de Treville , the commander of the Musketeers, is burned. When he awakens, he continues on to the city. In Paris, he nevertheless presents himself to de Treville, who recognizes d\'Artagnan\'s description of one of his assailants and, saying "A man is sometimes known by the enemies he makes," makes him a cadet. The young Gascon spots the very man and in his haste to confront him, annoys three of the most skillful Musketeers: Athos , Porthos  and Aramis . Each challenges him to a duel. At the appointed place, the master swordsmen are amused by the newcomer\'s audacity. Before they can begin however, they are interrupted by Richelieu\'s men, who try to arrest the Musketeers. Outraged that the three are outnumbered, d\'Artagnan joins them in dispatching their foes, displaying his superb swordsmanship in the process. As a result, he is welcomed into their ranks. Later, d\'Artagnan rescues  Constance Bonacieux , a confidante of Queen Anne . The queen had been given a matched set of diamond studs by her husband, King Louis XIII . Foolishly, she gives them to her lover, the Duke of Buckingham ([[John Sutton , who is also the Prime Minister of Great Britain. Knowing of the queen\'s indiscretion, Richelieu  sees a way to persuade the king to go to war with Britain. Richelieu arranges a ball and suggests to Louis that his wife wear the diamonds. D\'Artagnan and his three friends volunteer to travel to Britain to retrieve the jewels, but along the way, they are ambushed by Richelieu\'s men. One by one, the Musketeers are forced to stay behind to hold off their pursuers. Finally, only d\'Artagnan and his servant Planchet  are left to reach the duke. However, Richelieu had already sent the beautiful Countess de Winter  to work her wiles on the duke and steal two of the studs. Fortunately, the duke\'s jeweler is able to make replacements quickly and d\'Artagnan races back to France. He arrives just in time to save the queen from disgrace. Admiring d\'Artagnan\'s resourcefulness, Richelieu has Constance abducted in an attempt to enlist him in his service. He also assigns de Winter to help persuade the young man. D\'Artagnan tries to learn where Constance is being held from de Winter, but begins to fall under her spell instead. When Athos discovers that Milady is actually his treacherous wife, he tries to warn d\'Artagnan, but is not believed. Then d\'Artagnan finds out that Athos was telling the truth; he sees a brand on her shoulder, the mark of a common criminal. Fighting breaks out between Britain and France. The queen succeeds in freeing Constance and sends her to Buckingham for safety. When the war goes against him, Richelieu gives de Winter a carte blanche and sends her to Britain to assassinate his foe. The Musketeers learn of the plot and send Planchet to warn the duke. Athos confronts De Winter and recovers the carte blanche as proof of Richelieu\'s treachery. De Winter is imprisoned and placed in the custody of Constance, but when the latter lets down her guard, de Winter kills her, then Buckingham. Caught once again by the Musketeers at the ancestral home of Athos, she begs for mercy, but finds none, even though husband still loves her despite her many crimes. Seeing this, she calms herself and walks with dignity to her execution. The Musketeers are ambushed by Richelieu\'s men and captured, but as he is about to have them sentenced to death by the king, d\'Artagnan produces the carte blanche, and Richelieu is compelled to grant the Musketeers a comfortable retirement and d\'Artagnan a commission as a Musketeer.'] ['Charlotte Vale  is an unattractive, overweight, repressed spinster whose life is dominated by her dictatorial mother , an aristocratic Boston dowager whose verbal and emotional abuse of her daughter has contributed to the woman\'s complete lack of self-confidence. Fearing Charlotte is on the verge of a nervous breakdown, her sister-in-law Lisa  introduces her to psychiatrist Dr. Jaquith , who recommends she spend time in his sanatorium.  Away from her mother\'s control, Charlotte blossoms. The transformed woman, at Lisa\'s urging, opts to take a lengthy cruise rather than immediately return home. On board ship, she meets a married man, Jeremiah Duvaux Durrance , who is traveling with his friends Deb ([[Lee Patrick  and Frank McIntyre ([[James Rennie . It is from them that Charlotte learns of Jerry\'s devotion to his young daughter, Christine , and how it keeps him from divorcing his wife, a manipulative, jealous woman who keeps Jerry from engaging in his chosen career of architecture, despite the fulfillment he gets from it. Charlotte and Jerry become friendly, and in Rio de Janeiro the two are stranded on Sugarloaf Mountain when their car crashes. They miss the ship and spend five days together before Charlotte flies to Buenos Aires to rejoin the cruise. Although they have fallen in love, they decide it would be best not to see each other again.  When she arrives home, Charlotte\'s family is stunned by the dramatic changes in her appearance and demeanor. Her mother is determined to regain control over her daughter, but Charlotte is resolved to remain independent. The memory of Jerry\'s love and devotion help to give her the strength she needs to remain resolute. Charlotte becomes engaged to wealthy, well-connected widower Elliot Livingston ([[John Loder , but after a chance meeting with Jerry, she breaks off the engagement, about which she quarrels with her mother. Her mother becomes so angry that she has a heart attack and dies. Guilty and distraught, Charlotte returns to the sanatorium.  When she arrives, she is immediately diverted from her own problems when she meets lonely, unhappy Tina, who greatly reminds her of herself; both were unwanted and unloved by their mothers. She is shaken out of her depression and instead becomes interested in Tina\'s welfare. With Dr. Jaquith\'s permission she takes the girl under her wing. When she improves, Charlotte takes her home to Boston. Jerry and Dr. Jaquith visit the Vale home, where Jerry is delighted to see the changes in his daughter. While he initially pities Charlotte, believing her to be settling in her life, he\'s taken aback by her contempt for his initial condescension. Dr. Jaquith has agreed to allow Charlotte to keep Tina there with the understanding that her relationship with Jerry will remain platonic. She tells Jerry that she sees Tina as his gift to her and her way of being close to him. When Jerry asks her if she\'s happy, Charlotte finds much to value in her life and if it isn\'t everything she would want, tells him, "Oh, Jerry, don\'t let\'s ask for the moon. We have the stars," a line ranked #46 in the American Film Institute\'s list of the top 100 movie quotes in American cinema.'] ["Thuringia, Germany, in the early 20th century. A group of young girls are brought up in a college within dark forests and gloomy dull lakes. Young Hidalla and her friends Irene, Vera, Blanka, Melusine and Rain are brought up in an isolated world: the girls don't know anything about life outside the college's broad and high walls. They play near a beautiful waterfall and are ordered not to make contact with the servants, categorized as inferior people that wears masks to cover their faces. The girls are taught in the art of dance and music. Years later Irene and Hidalla had begun a love relationship and are caught kissing in the school grounds by the servants. Vera begins thinking that she descends from royalty and unravels her origins but finds that she was wrong. The six girls attempt to escape from the school but are confronted by the guard dogs that attack and kill Melusine. The girls are informed that they are going to hold a ballet presentation to a duke. The girl with the best performance is going to be released from the school. A messenger is sent to check the girls strength, in reality she gropes them. The prima ballerina is chosen to be Blanka, but Irene, feeling Hidalla rightfully deserved the position, reveals to the Headmistress that she is sexually involved with another student, which turns out to be true after she stumbles upon them. After this, Hidalla is chosen as the prima ballerina. When the ballet is finally held, the Prince becomes aroused by Hidalla's performance and tosses a rose to the stage. Intrigued, Hidalla keeps performing strong. Terrified by this, Irene commits suicide minutes before the final act. Shocked and enraged, Hidalla sets fire to the theater during the final act and is carried out by the Prince. The Headmistress is told that she is to be fired, but while waiting in an official's office, she has a small glass of scotch and shoots herself in the mouth. Hidalla is taken to the Prince's palace, where he brutally rapes her. The next morning she escapes the palace, only to stumble upon the school. She screams as she realizes her fate and the fate of the other girls: to become concubines for wealthy men, mostly the Prince. The last shot is a horse carriage, possibly carrying young baby girls to the school, coming through the gate, with the doors slamming behind it."] ["The movie is about the final nine months of Gary Gilmore's life. In April 1976, Gilmore, 35, was released from prison after serving 12 years for robbery in Indiana. He was flown to Utah to live with Brenda Nicol, a distant cousin of his who tries to help him find work. Gilmore soon meets and becomes romantically involved with Nicole Baker, a 19-year-old widow with two young children. Despite his efforts to reform himself, Gilmore's self-destructive behavior leads to him getting into fights, stealing items from stores and abusing drugs. After Nicole breaks up with him, he murders two men in two separate robberies. Gilmore is turned in by his cousin and is sentenced to death. Gilmore becomes a national media sensation after he fights to have his execution performed as soon as possible. On January 17, 1977, Gilmore is executed by the method he chose, firing squad, making him the first person to be judicially executed in the United States since Luis Monge died in the Colorado gas chamber June 2, 1967."] ['When Norwegian resistance leader Lieutenant Erik Bergman travels to Great Britain to report the location of a German V-2 rocket fuel plant, the Royal Air Force\'s No 633 Squadron is assigned to destroy it. The squadron is led by Wing Commander Roy Grant, an ex-Eagle Squadron pilot . The plant is in a seemingly impregnable location beneath an overhanging cliff at the end of a long, narrow fjord lined with anti-aircraft guns. The only way to destroy the plant is by collapsing the cliff on top of it, a job for No 633 Squadron\'s fast and manoeuvrable de Havilland Mosquitos. The squadron trains in Scotland, where there are narrow valleys similar to the fjord. There, Grant is introduced to Bergman\'s sister, Hilde. They are attracted to each other, despite Grant\'s aversion to wartime relationships. The Norwegian resistance is supposed to destroy the anti-aircraft defences guarding the facility just before the scheduled attack. When unexpected German reinforcements arrive, Bergman returns to Norway to try to gather more forces. However, he is captured while transporting desperately needed weapons. He is taken to Gestapo headquarters and tortured for information. Since Bergman knows too much, he must be silenced before he breaks. Grant and newly married Flying Officer Bissell are sent in with a single Mosquito to bomb the place. Though they are successful, their shot-up airplane crashes on its return, and Bissell is wounded and becomes blind. A tearful Hilde thanks Grant for ending her brother\'s suffering. Still worried, Air Vice-Marshal Davis decides to move up the attack to the next day. However, all of the resistance fighters are ambushed and killed, leaving the defences intact. Though Grant is given the option of aborting, he decides to press on. The factory is destroyed at the cost of the entire squadron, though a few crews are able to ditch in the fjord. Grant crash-lands. A local man helps Grant\'s navigator, Flying Officer Hoppy Hopkinson, pull the wounded wing commander from the burning wreckage. Back in Britain, Davis tells a fellow officer who is aghast at the losses, "You can\'t kill a squadron."'] ["Judith Moore had what she thought was a perfect marriage, both she and her husband studying to be doctors. But after she puts her studies on hold to find a job and support them, her husband promptly leaves Judith to be with another doctor. Depressed, she holes up in her apartment, where the middle-aged Pat Francato serves as a building superintendent and elevator operator. He is as lonely as she is, beset with gambling problems, and for a moment Judith and Pat make a connection. Unfortunately, what he wishes to pursue as a romantic relationship, Judith sees only as a friendship. Her friend Liz Bailey, who sings at a nightclub, makes attempts to improve Judith's love life as well as her own. By the time Judith's loneliness becomes overwhelming and she misses what she had with Pat, a sweet person and good listener, it is too late -- he has found someone else."] ["Mourning her husband's recent death, Dr. Belinda Simpson ([[Sarah Jones  arrives in the tiny town of Sikeston to fill the post of town physician. Once there she discovers that many of the town’s residents, including children at an orphanage run by Miss Hattie Clarence , have fallen ill or died from an unknown ailment. She soon wonders if she's in over her head, despite reassurances from her best friend Annie  and Lee, the town blacksmith. Sikeston's residents are distrustful of Belinda's abilities as a doctor because she's a woman. Many of them don't even want her to help the orphans, whom they blame for infecting the rest of the town; some would be happy to see the orphanage close altogether. Opposed by what seems like the entire town, Belinda must trust in her abilities, her friends, and her faith to guide her."] ['The story takes place at the fictional St Gregory Hotel in New Orleans, owned by Warren Trent . The hotel is in financial trouble. Hotel manager Peter McDermott  involves himself in the overtures of two different buyers. He also takes a romantic interest in Jeanne Rochefort , an upper-class French guest, and deals with a wide range of routine problems, including a faulty elevator. Jeanne is the traveling companion of one of the buyers, Curtis O\'Keefe ([[Kevin McCarthy . He intends to renovate and "modernize" the hotel, with conveyor belts carrying luggage automatically around the building like it were some sort of modern airport terminal, and even presenting the customer\'s bill on a conveyor belt. Among the guests at the hotel are The Duke and Duchess of Lanbourne , a wealthy couple hiding out after fleeing from a hit-and-run accident in their car. A hotel detective, Dupere , attempts to blackmail the Duke and Duchess. The Duchess responds by asking Dupere to drive the car in the accident to Washington D.C. for $25,000,unfortunately he gets caught outside of the city. Keycase , a professional thief, is working the hotel using a range of techniques and some female accomplices. In the beginning of the film he picks up a discarded key found in an ashtray at the airport. During the course of the film he sneaks into hotel rooms and steals the money of the guests, however most of the guests don\'t carry as much cash as they used to, Keycase bemoans the fact that people now use "credit cards", meaning less money to steal. Meanwhile, a black couple, Dr. Elmo Adams , and his wife attempt to rent a room at the St. Gregory, having previously made a reservation. However Trent tells the desk clerk filling in for McDermott, , not to allow them accommodation. The Adamses are denied their room, the couple then disappear only to be followed by a man with a camera. When McDermott finds out he berates Trent for doing something that would jeopardize the deal with the union. After tracking them down to another hotel, McDermott offers the couple their room back, but when he goes to pick them up, they have already left the hotel. After contacting the NAACP, they inform McDermott that they had not had anything planned for the St. Gregory in terms of allowing blacks to check in to the hotel. The couple then winds up in a Washington newspaper, damaging both O\'Keefe\'s deal and the alternate deal with the Union, leaving only the option of selling the hotel to a buyer who plans to destroy it. O\'Keefe makes a final offer on the hotel and asks Trent, who brings McDermott along, to hear it. During the meeting, McDermott gets a call revealing that "Dr." Elmo Adams is not a doctor after all and actually works as an employee for an O\'Keefe Hotel in Philladelphia. McDermott also reveals that O\'Keefe tried to pay him off and hints of his affair with Rochefort. Hotel owner Trent decides to reject the unscrupulous O\'Keefe\'s offer and sell the St. Gregory to the man who will demolish it. At the same time, Keycase\'s luck changes when he blithely talks himself out of one tough spot by grabbing an ordinary-looking attache case, which belongs to the Duke and Duchess. He gets to a room, calms his pounding heart, and uses one of his key collection to open the case to see what it contains. The case is filled with cash. Counting himself lucky, Keycase heads for the elevator to leave. In the elevator, Keycase is joined by the Duke, and other guests. The elevator stops between floors as the cable and emergency brakes begin to fail. McDermott and his assistant manager take the adjacent elevator to the same level and transfer passengers through the roof. The Duke and Keycase are the last two in the failing car. Keycase refuses to leave his briefcase, which contains the stolen money. The Duke is able to wrestle the case away and help Keycase out of the car, but right then the brakes completely fail, sending the Duke to his death. The Duchess tells police she was responsible for the auto accident, hoping to save her late husband\'s reputation. She also absolves the blackmailing hotel detective of guilt. The detectives, seeing through the ruse, decide not to press charges. McDermott rounds up the remaining guests, including Jeanne, and buys drinks on the house as a final toast to the St. Gregory.'] ['Willard Young is a 10-year-old boy who is sent by his mother to stay with her best friend Lily Reed, who lives in the Delta shrimp-fishing country in a town called Paradise. Lily and her husband Ben have been living in an unmentioned emotional vacuum since the death of their own three year old boy. Willie makes friends with the local 9-year-old tomboy Billie Pike, who teaches him to be comfortable with himself. When Willard gains a handle on his own emotions, he can now help Lily and Ben to connect, overcome grief and rediscover themselves.'] ['The Lion in Winter is set during Christmas 1183, at King Henry II\'s château and primary residence in Chinon, Anjou, within the Angevin Empire of medieval France. Henry wants his youngest son Prince John  to inherit his throne, while his estranged wife Queen Eleanor of Aquitaine  favours their oldest surviving son Prince Richard the Lionheart  as heir. Meanwhile, King Philip II of France, the son and successor of Louis VII of France, Eleanor\'s ex-husband, has given his half-sister Alais, who is currently Henry\'s mistress, to the future heir, and demands either a wedding or the return of her dowry.  As a ruse, Henry agrees to give Alais to Richard and make him heir-apparent. He makes a side deal with Eleanor for her freedom in return for Aquitaine, to be given to John. When the deal is revealed at the wedding, Richard refuses to go through with the ceremony. Having believed Henry\'s intentions, John, at the direction of middle brother Prince Geoffrey, Duke of Brittany , plots with Philip to make war on England. Henry and Phillip meet to discuss terms, but Henry soon learns that Phillip has been plotting with John and Geoffrey, and that he and Richard were once lovers. Henry dismisses all three sons as unsuitable, and locks them in the dungeon. He makes plans to travel to Rome for an annulment, so that he can have new sons with Alais, but she says he will never be able to release his sons from prison or they will be a threat to his future children. Henry sees that she is right and condemns them to death, but cannot bring himself to kill them, instead letting them escape. He and Eleanor go back to hoping for the future, with Eleanor going back on the barge to prison, laughing it off with Henry before she leaves. Although the background and the eventual destinies of the characters are historically accurate, The Lion in Winter is fictional; none of the dialogue or action is historical. Although there was a Christmas court at Caen in 1182, there was no Christmas Court at Chinon in 1183. In reality, Henry had many mistresses and many illegitimate children; the "Rosamund" mentioned in the film was his mistress until she died. The article on the Revolt of 1173–1174 describes the historical events leading to the play\'s events. As a matter of historical record, Richard the Lionheart succeeded Henry II, and was followed by John.'] ["Louisiana newspaper reporter Jack Burden takes a personal interest in Willie Stark, an idealistic small-town lawyer. Circumstances develop that result in Stark's being urged to run for governor by a local political leader, Tiny Duffy. Jack has been raised around politics. He is the former lover of Anne Stanton, whose father was once governor. Jack was raised by Judge Irwin, his stepfather, an honorable man. In time, Jack and political strategist Sadie Burke reveal to Stark that he is actually a dupe in the governor's race, expected to split the vote, spout the party line and lose. This opens his eyes to the realities of politics, and he vows not to be fooled again. He defies Duffy publicly and begins to give speeches with straightforward talk that the public appreciates. He becomes governor in the next election, using any means necessary. Duffy now works for him as lieutenant governor. He also has a silent, menacing driver and bodyguard called Sugar Boy. Finally, he encourages Jack to come work for him as an adviser. Judge Irwin disapproves, seeing Stark as an opportunist. Anne Stanton seems to agree and so does her brother, Dr. Adam Stanton. Willie Stark is a persuasive man, however, and knows how to get his way. He has a pet project, building a new hospital, and convinces Dr. Stanton to run it for him. He also begins an affair with Anne Stanton, provoking Sadie's jealousy and Jack's disappointment. Criticized publicly by Judge Irwin and embroiled in increasing political controversy, Stark demands that Jack dig up dirt on the judge to be used against him. Jack insists that no such dirt exists, but he does manage to uncover the fact that many years ago, Judge Irwin accepted a bribe. Following this revelation, the judge commits suicide. Stark has now come to embrace various forms of corruption and uses patronage and intimidation to get his way. Dr. Stanton is told that the hospital is a front for the governor's own personal and political gain , and finds out about Stark's relationship with his sister. He lies in wait at the state capitol, and assassinates Stark, but is then shot and killed by Stark`s bodyguard."] ['The story opens in the 1950s, after the Korean War; it has been more than a decade since James Whale, director of Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein, has retired. He lives with his long-time housemaid, Hanna, who loyally cares for him but disapproves of his homosexuality. Whale has suffered a series of strokes that have left him fragile and tormented by memories: growing up as a poor outcast, his tragic World War I service, and the filming of The Bride of Frankenstein. Whale slips into his past, and indulges in his fantasies, reminiscing about gay pool parties and also tormenting a starstruck fan who comes to interview him. Whale battles depression, at times contemplating suicide, as he realizes his life, his attractiveness, and his health are slipping away. Whale befriends his young, handsome gardener and former Marine, Clayton Boone and the two begin a sometimes uneasy friendship as Boone poses for Whale\'s sketches. The two men bond while discussing their lives and dealing with Whale\'s spells of disorientation and weakness from the strokes. Boone, impressed with Whale\'s fame, watches The Bride of Frankenstein on TV as his friends mock the movie, his friendship with Whale, and Whale\'s intentions. Boone assures Whale that he is straight and receives assurance from Whale that there is no sexual interest, but Boone storms out when Whale graphically discusses his sexual history. Boone later returns with the agreement that no such "locker room" discussions occur again. Boone is invited to escort Whale to a party hosted by George Cukor for Princess Margaret. There, a photo op has been arranged for Whale with "his Monsters": Boris Karloff and Elsa Lanchester from "ancient" movie fame. This event exacerbates his depression. A sudden rain storm becomes an excuse to leave. Back at Whale\'s home, Boone needs a dry change of clothes. Whale can only find a sweater, so Boone wears a towel wrapped around his waist. Whale decides to try to sketch Boone one more time. After some minutes, he shows his sketches to Boone, disclosing that he has lost his ability to draw. Boone drops his towel to pose nude. Whale uses the opportunity to make a sexual advance on Boone. Boone becomes enraged and attacks Whale, who confesses that this had been his plan and begs Boone to kill him to relieve him of his suffering. Boone refuses, puts Whale to bed, then sleeps downstairs. The next morning, Hanna is alarmed when she can\'t find Whale, prompting a search by Boone and Hanna. Boone finds Whale floating dead in the pool, as a distraught Hanna runs out clutching a suicide note. Boone and Hanna agree that Boone should disappear from the scene to avoid a scandal. The film closes roughly a decade later as Boone and his young son, Michael, watch The Bride of Frankenstein on television. The son is skeptical of the claim that his father knew Whale, but Clayton produces a sketch of the Frankenstein monster drawn by Whale, and signed, "To Clayton. Friend?" "Friend?", being a plea from the original misfit, Frankenstein\'s monster, and disclosing Whale\'s true intentions.'] ['Will Stanton  is a day away from his fourteenth birthday. As the Stanton children walk home, Miss Greythorne , the local mistress of the Manor, and her Butler Merriman Lyon  invite the siblings to a Christmas party. Later, two farmers, Dawson  and Old George , whom Will does not know, arrive at his house with a large Christmas tree ordered by the family. The farmers know Will’s name, wish him a happy birthday, and predict bad weather despite the clear sky. Will’s birthday is so close to Christmas that everyone in his large family ignores it except for his little sister Gwen , who gives him his only birthday present . The family has moved from the United States to a small English village and one of his brothers has arrived home for the holidays and displaces Will to the attic. For a Christmas present, Will buys Gwen an enigmatic stone pendant at the local mall. Two suspicious security guards accuse him of shoplifting and take him to their office. Alarmingly, whilst questioning Will under the room\'s flickering lights, the guards metamorphose into rooks. They attack Will, but he manages to escape, accidentally using his powers for the first time. Will begins to experience more odd incidents and receives a strange and Celtic-looking belt from his oldest brother, Stephen . At the Manor Christmas party, Will once again sees Dawson and Old George who seem to know him well. Miss Greythorne and Merriman debate about when and how to approach Will about his destiny. Maggie Barnes , an attractive local girl appears at the party and Will becomes upset when one of his older brothers approaches her and begins chatting to her. Will leaves the Manor, and an ominous figure mounted on a white horse and accompanied by dogs chases Will. As the ominous figure prepares to kill Will, who is currently no match for him, Miss Greythorne, Merriman, Dawson, and Old George suddenly appear and save Will. Merriman names the threatening figure as The Rider, who warns them all that in five days\' time his power – The Dark – will rise. The four adults are the last of the Old Ones – ancient warriors who serve The Light – and take Will on a walk through time and space to a place called the Great Hall, which in the present day is the church the Stantons attend. Will is the last of the Old Ones to have been born: he is the seventh son of a seventh son whose power begins to ascend on his fourteenth birthday, though Will disputes this idea because he believes he is the sixth son. Will is The Seeker: the sign-seeker who must locate six Signs whose possession will grant The Light power over The Dark. The Rider is also seeking them. Will returns home to his attic room and falls and twists his ankle. The doctor who calls is The Rider in disguise but he is recognized by Will. The Rider demonstrates his powers on Will’s ankle by alternately healing it and making it much worse before restoring it to its injured state. Will discovers he has a lost twin brother named Tom, who, as a baby, mysteriously disappeared one night and was never found. Merriman instructs Will on his powers, which include summoning superhuman strength, commanding light and fire, telekinesis, stepping through time, and the unique knowledge to decipher an ancient text in the Book of Gramarye. Will returns to The Great Hall, and learns the form each sign will take. Will reveals the first sign within Gwen’s pendant. As the sign-seeker, Will travels through time to find the next four signs. The Rider enlists a mysterious figure to help him get the signs from Will. When Will\'s brother invites Maggie to their home, she reveals some of her powers to Will. Will reveals his affections for her, saying he felt an instant connection with her. He tells her he has been thinking of her constantly. The Rider also tricks Will\'s older brother Max into helping him. The spell over Max is finally broken when Will uses his great strength to give Max a concussion. By the fifth day, The Dark that The Rider commands has now gained tremendous power and begins to attack the village with a terrible blizzard. Will locates the fifth sign but without the sixth sign, the Dark continues to rise. Maggie is revealed to be the mysterious witch helping the Rider in exchange for immortal youth. She is betrayed by him when she fails to get the fifth sign and ages rapidly, disintegrating into a flood of water. The Old Ones and Will seek sanctuary in the Great Hall, where the Rider cannot enter unless invited. However, The Rider\'s final trick  gains him access to The Great Hall. The Rider reveals that he has trapped Tom, whom The Rider mistook for The Seeker and kidnapped, within a glass sphere. He sends Will into an evil dark cloud. As he enters, Will solves the riddle of the sixth sign: he himself is the sixth sign. With all six signs identified The Rider cannot touch nor harm Will. Using his power over the dark, Will banishes both The Rider – imprisoning the evil figure within one of his own glass spheres – and The Dark. The sphere disappears into murky water. Will and Tom are reunited and return to their family.  The signs that Will found, in the order he found them, were: # Inside a pendant Will bought for his little sister Gwen in a mall # Just before the black plague, inside a skull\'s mouth under a church – the skull belonging to the creator of the signs – at the beginning of the 14th Century # On a shield some time in the past when Vikings attacked the village. He trades the watch Gwen gave him for his birthday for the sign. # On one of the feathers of "The Champion" from 1690 # Underwater in the manor when it was flooded, at the time of Maggie\'s demise # Will\'s soul'] ["Set in a 1914 lower class district of Paris, the film focuses on a content sewer worker named Chico , who is criticized by his fellow citizens for being an atheist. One day, he witnesses a young woman  being brutally beaten by her sister  among a crowd for not entertaining a senior wealthy man in her sleazy bar. He sympathizes with the girl, Diane, and stops the fight. Later, Father Chevillon , who is worried about Chico's non-believing thoughts, offers him a deal: he will grant him a street washer job if he takes in Diane and opens his mind about believing in God. Chico agrees, and he prevents Diane's sister from turning Diane in to the police by claiming that she is his wife. Because Diane has become very suicidal, Chico shares his optimistic views with her and takes her to his garret, situated above seven flights of stairs. Even though there is no luxury, Diane - used to worse surroundings - thinks of the place as heaven. The same night, Chico and Diane realize that they like each other, though they ignore their feelings. The next day, they celebrate Chico's new job at his neighbours, the Gobins. Unbeknownst to Chico, Diane received a visit from a gendarme earlier that morning to check the reliability of her 'marriage'. Eccentric neighbour Aristide the Astrologer  chastises Diane for keeping secrets from Chico and confronts her with taking advantage of him, as well as blaming her for ruining his chances of a wealthy life. Upset, Diane leaves and finds comfort in a bar, where she allows a man to seduce her. Chico, meanwhile, has found out about the confrontation and locates her in the bar. There, he beats up the man, takes Diane home and assures her that he is not too good to be with her. As time passes, Diane loses her timid personality and shows her feelings for Chico, which leads to a loving relationship. They are about to marry, when Chico suddenly receives a draft notice. Before leaving with Gobin , Chico promises her that they are married in the eyes of God and promises to think of her every morning. Shortly after his departure, Diane's sister comes to the garret to lure Diane back to the café, but Diane, now mentally strong because of Chico's love, beats her up until she runs away. Four years pass, as Chico fights on the front, and Diane works as a nurse. After the war, Gobin and Aristide claim to Diane that Chico was killed in the War, but she refuses to believe them, until Father Chevillon gives her a medal that Chico give him on the front. Heartbroken, she renounces her belief in God, but in the morning she strongly feels her lover's presence. She rushes home, where she locates a blind but alive Chico. The couple embraces each other and restore their faith."] ["The film takes place in the late 1960s. For the past seven years, Justin McLeod  has been living as a recluse painter. McLeod, a former teacher, has lived an isolated existence ever since a car accident left him disfigured down the right side of his face and chest by burns sustained inthe post-crash fire. A young boy, Chuck, sees McLeod on a ferry and is intrigued by and slightly scared of him. Chuck needs a tutor to help him pass a military academy's entrance exam and McLeod seems to be the only one that truly believes he can and will succeed. Eventually, Chuck is able to persuade McLeod to become his teacher and the two develop a friendship. Chuck keeps his daily meetings with McLeod a secret to avoid the scorn of being associated with the disfigured man with a past shrouded in mystery. No one knows much about McLeod and few people made an effort to get to know him, making McLeod the object of gossip, speculation and suspicion. When Chuck's mother learns that her son has been visiting Mcleod, she and the rest of the town are convinced that McLeod must have been molesting Chuck, despite Chuck's adamant denials. Chuck researches McLeod's car accident, which involves the death of another boy, but is made to see a psychiatrist. Chuck inevitably confronts McLeod to learn the truth of his disfigurement and relationship with the boy: that simply because McLeod was in a car accident with a student of his, he was branded a pedophile and exiled from his hometown, also being convicted of involuntary manslaughter, having served three years in prison. Once his relationship with Chuck is openly known, McLeod is once again railed out of town and ordered by the authorities to have no contact with Chuck. On his way out of town, McLeod leaves Chuck a note wishing him the best of luck in his academic goals and reminds him to be tolerant with people who are different. In the film's finale, Chuck is shown graduating from the military academy and sees a familiar figure in the background, recognizing it as his tutor, the man without a face."] [' Amateur tennis star Guy Haines  wants to divorce his vulgar and unfaithful wife Miriam , so he can marry the elegant and beautiful Anne Morton , daughter of a senator . While on a train to meet Miriam, Haines meets Bruno Anthony , a forward stranger who recognizes Guy from gossip items in the newspapers that detail his marital problems. During lunch in Bruno\'s compartment, Bruno tells Guy about his idea for the perfect "Criss-cross" murder: he will kill Miriam and in exchange, Guy will kill Bruno\'s father. Since both are strangers, otherwise unconnected, there is no identifiable motive for the crimes, Bruno contends, hence no suspicion. Guy hurriedly leaves the compartment but leaves Bruno thinking he has agreed to the deal. Guy accidentally leaves his cigarette lighter behind, a gift from Anne to Guy, which Bruno pockets. Bruno heads to Guy\'s hometown of Metcalf and follows Miriam and her two beaux to an amusement park, where he briefly illuminates her face with Guy\'s lighter, then strangles her to death. Guy\'s problems begin when his alibi — an inebriated college professor on the same train as Guy — cannot remember their meeting. But they increase exponentially when Bruno makes repeated appearances into Guy\'s life as he seeks to remind Guy that he is now obliged to kill Bruno\'s father, according to the bargain he thinks they struck on the train.  Bruno sends Guy the keys to his house, a map to his father\'s room, and a pistol. Soon after, Bruno appears at a party at Senator Morton\'s house and hobnobs with the guests, much to Guy\'s apprehension and Anne\'s increasing suspicion. He demonstrates how to strangle someone while preventing them from screaming: with his hands around his "assistant\'s" neck Bruno looks up and sees Anne\'s younger sister Barbara . Her eyeglasses and resemblance to Miriam trigger a flashback for Bruno to Miriam\'s murder, and he loses control of himself and begins to strangle his subject. After a moment he faints, and the frightened party guests pull him off the hysterical woman. Young Barbara rushes to her sister and tells her, "His hands were on her neck, but he was strangling me." Anne puts together the facts of the crime and confronts Guy, who finally admits the truth. Guy finally agrees to Bruno\'s plan over the telephone and creeps into Bruno\'s home at night. When he reaches the father\'s room he tries to warn the older man of Bruno\'s intentions, but finds Bruno waiting for him instead, now aware that Guy\'s sudden change of heart suggests betrayal. Bruno tells Guy that because he will not complete his end of the bargain, he should be blamed for the murder which "belongs" to him — so he will frame Guy for the murder of Miriam.  Anne visits Bruno\'s house to tell his mother  that her son is responsible for the death of a woman, but she does not believe Anne and fails to understand how dangerous her son is. Bruno overhears the conversation and lets Anne know that he has the lighter and plans to plant it at the scene of the crime during the night to implicate Guy. Anne reports back to Guy and the two devise a plan for Guy to beat Bruno to the scene of the crime after he finishes a tennis match that would be too suspicious for him to cancel. Guy wins the tennis match but takes much longer than expected; likewise, Bruno is delayed when he drops Guy\'s lighter down a storm drain and must force his fingertips down the drain to recover it. Guy arrives at the park while Bruno is still waiting for sunset. The two men struggle on the carousel, which spins out of control and crashes after its operator is accidentally hit by a bullet from the police meant for the fleeing Guy. Bruno, mortally wounded in the crash, manages to tell the police of Guy\'s guilt, but the lighter is found clutched in Bruno\'s hand, finally exonerating Guy. An amusement park employee who remembered Bruno\'s previous visit confirms that Bruno was in fact the murderer. Reunited with Anne on a train home, Guy is asked by a friendly clergyman seated near them if he is Guy Haines. Starting to reply, Guy, remembering this is the way Bruno started their fatal conversation, stops himself and quickly leaves the club car with Anne, leaving the man perplexed.'] ['On a sunny early autumn day in an affluent suburb in Connecticut, Ned Merrill , a seemingly successful, appealing and popular middle-aged advertising executive, clad only in swimming trunks, runs through the forest. He walks out of the woods and into the backyard of some old friends sitting by their swimming pool. He chats with them, then he has a sudden idea: he tells his friends he intends to "swim" home across the county by dropping in on friends\' swimming pools which form a consecutive chain leading back to his house. He dives into the pool, emerges at the other end and starts his journey. At first Ned gets warm welcomes as he meets old friends, mostly upper middle-class, well-to-do people with homes in the upscale outer suburbs. However, there are hints that Ned has been away for up to two years, and he brushes off any questions about himself. Each stop brings him face to face with some aspect of his life. The first one is with his youth when anything was possible, while the last one exposes the current collapse of his family life and where everything seems lost. As the day wears on and Ned sees those who have been closer to him more recently, the welcomes begin to sour. Ned\'s proud boasts about his wife, daughters and home are met with strong mixed feelings, jeers, suspicion and even anger - especially from women. In one backyard Ned meets a 20-year-old girl  who, years ago, had babysat his daughters. She leaves with him, at first thrilled to do so owing to an unspoken crush she had for him in her early teens. But when Ned rather clumsily tries to woo and kiss her, she flees. He carries on with his "swim," dropping by the pools of sundry other friends as it slowly unfolds that his life has somehow gone quite wrong. He crashes a party at one pool. While he is put up with at first, Ned is thrown out when he has an outburst after spotting a hot dog wagon he had once bought for his daughters, but which had recently been sold in a white elephant sale. He then shows up at the backyard pool of Shirley Abbott , a stage actress with whom he\'d had an affair several years earlier. She is still feeling bitter and hurt. When Ned tries to rekindle things, this poolside meeting ends badly for both of them. As the day ends, Ned winds up in a crowded public swimming pool where he is shamed by local shopkeepers to whom he still owes money for unpaid grocery and restaurant tabs. When some of them comment about his wife\'s overall snobbish attitude and his out-of-control daughters\' recent troubles with the law, he angrily flees. As the sun goes down, a shivering Ned at last staggers up a rocky hill, shoves open a rusted gate and walks through an overgrown garden with an unkempt tennis court. A thunderstorm begins as Ned knocks on the front door of a locked, dark and empty house. He then breaks down on the front stoop and cries.'] ["After a failed suicide attempt leaves a man named Roary ([[John Savage  partially crippled, he finds himself living in a run-down house in Oakland, California. He spends a lot of time at a neighborhood bar, which is full of other disabled people, and becomes best friends with Jerry ([[David Morse , the barman with a bad leg. Jerry's luck turns round when a professional basketball player loans him the money for an operation to fix his leg. Once he is fully healed, Jerry goes on to become a basketball star, fulfilling his lifelong dream. However, he abandons his old friends by pretending they never existed."] ["Astronomer George Herbert and his wife Felicity are celebrating their 10th wedding anniversary. He and his son Alex look at Mars through their telescope. Instead, they see a meteor-like object. George's boss calls him in to investigate the object. Felicity takes Alex to Washington, D.C. without George, who promises to meet them when he is done working. As George drives to work, his radio makes strange noises. His car then shuts down right as a large, flaming object crashes into the nearby hills. He goes to the crash site and finds a massive meteor in a crater. All of the cars and cellphones have somehow been disabled. A young woman named Audrey runs into George. She is scared because her boyfriend Max  fell into the crater. George encourages Max to climb out, but the young man is distracted by activity coming from the meteor. Suddenly, metallic tentacles grabs Max and other people around the crater. Slowly, a large, crab-like Martian walker climbs out and fires a heat-ray at the scattering humans. George manages to escape and makes his way home, where nothing electrical works. He starts walking toward Washington where he hopes to find his family at the Lincoln Memorial. He sets off to locate his brother, Matt, a Army Ranger in nearby Hopewell. The next day, George comes to a bridge where soldiers are holding back civilian refugees. A mother, who believes the Martians are just terrorists tells George that Washington, along with New York City and Los Angeles, were invaded first. Another meteor crashes nearby and a walker attacks the soldiers. George escapes and runs into a soldier named Kerry Williams, whose entire squad was lost in battle. He agrees to travel with George to Hopewell. They meet Lt. Samuelson, who is outraged that the aliens killed his family and interested in George because he is a scientist. He tells George that Washington was completely wiped out and there are no survivors, not even the President. George and Kerry reach Hopewell, but the town was already invaded by walkers. They find Matt, who is fatally wounded. He eventually dies of his wounds while George and Kerry are separated during a new attack, with George escaping in a canoe. After spending a day drifting downstream, George develops an extreme fever and spends two days in an abandoned car. He is found by Pastor Victor, an Australian. They find an unscathed neighborhood and find food and clothes at the veterinarian's home. George and the Pastor hide upstairs from the aliens' poisonous gas, where they find several vials of rabies vaccines. A giant explosion causes the house to collapse. George wakes hours later to find that a meteor has destroyed the neighborhood. He observes the aliens draining blood from living humans. George plans to use a rabies vaccine against them. When a Martian enters the house, George injects it with the rabies vaccine and it quickly retreats. The alien returns and sprays acid over Victor, killing him in seconds. George hides the house's ruins until the aliens abandon the crater days later. He again runs into Kerry and Samuelson. Kerry insists that George cannot fight them, but Samuelson suddenly shoots Kerry in the head. George then kills Samuelson and finally reaches Washington, which lies in ruin. Unable to find his family, he sees a single Martian and surrenders to it, having lost everything to the invaders. The alien however drops dead. Out of nowhere, a group of survivors appear and reveal that the aliens have been dying for several days from an airborne virus. Alex and Felicity are among the survivors and the family is tearfully reunited. The Martians have been killed by bacteria, and with most of humanity wiped out, the survivors are left to rebuild."] ["A talented young pianist named Rain  is attacked by a vicious street gang which kills her sister. The gang sets out to find Rain while she hides in the care of a woman who is her natural grandmother. Rain was put up for adoption because the father of the baby was black and the mother was from a rich white family. Her adoptive mother  sends her back because she is in danger for having witnessed her adoptive sister's murder."] ['The film follows Ann Arbor Daily Telegram reporter Bob Wilton , whose wife leaves him for the newspaper\'s editor. Seeking an escape, Bob flies to Kuwait to report on the Iraq War and to prove to his wife and himself that he is a man. However, he stumbles onto the story of a lifetime when he meets a retired Special Forces operator, Lyn Cassady , who reveals that he was part of an American army unit training psychic spies  to develop a range of parapsychological skills including invisibility, remote viewing, and phasing. The back story is told mainly through flashbacks. In 1972, U.S. Army officer Bill Django , after accidentally falling out of a UH-1 Iroquois "Huey" helicopter in the Binh Duong province of Vietnam, found his men to be unable or unwilling to fire on a female Viet Cong soldier before she shot him in the chest. He then underwent a fact-finding mission prompted by a vision where the Viet Cong soldier says, "their gentleness is their strength." The bulk of Django\'s mission immersed him into the New Age movement so that, when he returned to Fort Bragg in 1980, he had long braided hair and a tattoo of a third eye surmounted on a pyramid on his chest. Facilitated by the open-minded General Hopgood ([[Stephen Lang , Django led the training of a New Earth Army, with Lyn Cassady and Larry Hooper  as his top students. The two quickly developed a lifelong rivalry because of their opposing views of how to implement the New Earth Army philosophy; Lyn wanted to emphasize the positive side of the teachings, whereas Larry was more interested in the "dark side". Prompted by a doodle in Bob\'s notebook , Lyn takes him into Iraq. They are kidnapped by criminals who want to sell them to the insurgents, but escape with fellow hostage Mahmud Daash  and are rescued by a private security detail led by Todd Nixon . When the detail is caught in a firefight, the three of them flee. Bob and Lyn then continue on Lyn\'s vague mission involving a vision he had of Bill Django. After taking the wrong fork in the road, their car hits an IED in the road. The other fork in the road, to the left, reads al-Qaim, Lyn\'s destination, but neither of them could read the Arabic on the roadsigns. Bob and Lyn wander in the desert where Lyn reveals that he had stopped a goat\'s heart to test the limit of his mental abilities, an action he feels has cursed him. As part of this curse, it is revealed that Hooper conducted an unauthorized LSD experiment in which a soldier killed himself, forcing Django out of the Army. Eventually, Bob and Lyn are rescued and rehabilitated at a camp run by PSIC, a private research firm engaged in psychological and psychic experiments on a herd of goats and some captured locals. To Lyn\'s dismay, Larry Hooper runs the firm and employs Django, now a depressed alcoholic. Bob spends time with Django and learns the ways of the New Earth Army. They spike the water and food of the base with LSD and free both the goats and captured locals. Following this, Lyn and Django fly off in a helicopter, never to be heard from again, disappearing into the sky "like all shamans". Bob returns to work as a reporter and writes an article about his entire experience with Lyn. However, he is frustrated in that the only portion of the story to be aired on the news is how the captives were forced to listen to 24 hours of the Barney & Friends theme song. This dilutes his story to the level of a joke, and Bob vows to continue trying to get the bigger story out. In the film\'s final scene, Bob exercises his own psychic abilities and, following intense concentration, runs through a solid wall in his office.'] ['In Spain, during the 16th century, Francis Barnard ([[John Kerr  visits the castle of his brother-in-law Nicholas Medina  to investigate the cause of the mysterious death of his sister, Elizabeth , who had been Nicholas Medina\'s wife. Both Nicholas and his younger sister, Catherine , offer a vague explanation about Elizabeth having died from a rare blood disorder. However, when Nicholas responds evasively after Francis asks for specific details regarding the disease, Francis advises that he will not leave until he discovers the true reason his sister died. During dinner with family physician Dr. Leon , Francis again asks about his sister\'s death. Dr. Leon tells him that his sister had died of massive heart failure, literally "dying of fright". Francis demands to be shown where Elizabeth died. Nicholas takes him to the castle\'s torture chamber. Nicholas reveals that Elizabeth, under the influence of the castle\'s "heavy atmosphere", became obsessed with the chamber\'s torture devices. After becoming progressively unbalanced, one day she locked herself into an iron maiden, and died after whispering the name "Sebastian". Francis refuses to believe Nicholas\' story. Francis tells Catherine that Nicholas appears to feel "definite guilt" regarding Elizabeth\'s death. In response, Catherine talks about Nicholas\' traumatic childhood, revealing that their father was Sebastian Medina, a notorious member of the Spanish Inquisition. When Nicholas was a small child, he was playing in the castle\'s torture chamber when his father  entered the room with his mother, Isabella, and Sebastian\'s brother, Bartolome. Hiding in a corner, Nicholas watched in horror as his father repeatedly hit Bartolome with a red-hot poker, screaming "Adulterer!" at him. After murdering Bartolome, Sebastian began torturing his wife slowly to death in front of Nicholas\' eyes. After Catherine is finished telling Francis about Nicholas, Catherine and Francis are informed by Dr. Leon that Isabella was in fact not tortured to death, rather she was entombed behind a brick wall while still alive. Dr. Leon explains: "The very thought of premature interment is enough to send your brother into convulsions of horror." Nicholas believes that Elizabeth may have been interred prematurely. The doctor tells Nicholas that "if Elizabeth Medina walks these corridors, it is her spirit and not her living self." Nicholas now believes his late wife\'s vengeful ghost is haunting the castle. Elizabeth\'s room is noisily ransacked and her portrait is found slashed to ribbons. Her beloved harpsichord plays in the middle of the night. One of Elizabeth\'s rings is found in the keyboard. Francis accuses Nicholas of planting the evidence of Elizabeth\'s "haunting" as some sort of elaborate hoax. Nicholas insists that his wife\'s tomb be opened. Inside the coffin, they discover Elizabeth\'s putrefied corpse frozen in a position of writhing horror, hands clawed and mouth wide open, as if in a final scream. That night, Nicholas, now on the verge of insanity, hears his wife calling him. He follows her ghostly voice down to her crypt. Elizabeth rises from her coffin, causing Nicholas to flee and ultimately fall down a flight of stairs. She is alive, and she is met by her lover, Dr. Leon. Elizabeth, thinking Nicholas dead, taunts his apparent corpse about their scheme to drive him mad so the two lovers could inherit his fortune and estate. Nicholas opens his eyes and begins laughing while his wife and the doctor recoil in horror. Nicholas stands up and overpowers Dr. Leon, who attempts to escape but falls to his death. Nicholas then approaches Elizabeth, and promises he will torture her horribly. Francis, having heard Elizabeth\'s screams, enters the dungeon to see what has happened. Nicholas is now gibbering with insanity and has become convinced he is his own father, the evil Sebastian Medina. He confuses Francis for Sebastian\'s brother, Bartolome, and knocks him unconscious. He straps him to a stone slab located directly beneath a huge razor-sharp pendulum and gags him with a red scarf. The cackling Nicholas slowly lowers the swinging blade closer and closer to Francis\' torso. Catherine arrives just in time with Maximillian, one of the family servants. After a brief fight with Maximillian, Nicholas falls to his death, and Francis is removed from the torture device. As they leave the basement, Catherine vows to seal up the chamber forever. They slam and lock the door shut, unaware that Elizabeth is still alive, gagged and trapped in the iron maiden.'] ['The Prize Winner of Defiance, Ohio is based on the true story of housewife Evelyn Ryan, who helped support her family by winning entries in jingle-writing contests. Evelyn\'s husband, Kelly, failed to support his family in part due to apparent alcoholism. He had dreamed of being a singer but lost his singing voice in a car accident, and was often cruel and abusive. In the movie, Evelyn wins a large freezer, ice buckets, a washing machine, a trip to New York, sleds, boots, a pony, a palm tree, a window, a sports car, a shopping spree in her local grocery store, ice crushers, a camera, dance shoes, a boat motor, pogo sticks, a case of dog food, and a lifetime supply of bird seed. Kelly, who feels like his role as provider for the family is being threatened, criticizes Evelyn and sometimes damages the prizes she wins. Their children side with her. At one point, Kelly gets angry at his wife and knocks her over while she is carrying 12 full glass bottles of milk, causing her to nearly sever a ligament. Evelyn is able to talk him down after each incident and, temporarily at least, he treats her better. Evelyn is largely isolated because of the hours she has to spend caring for the children and the lack of local intellectual equals. However, she is contacted by a group of other contest-entering mid-western housewives and befriends them. Ultimately, Evelyn discovers that Kelly had secretly taken out a second mortgage on their house and never made payments on it, leaving the family subject to an almost-certain foreclosure. The children pray for their mother\'s miraculous victory in a contest sponsored by Dr Pepper. She wins and pays the mortgage on the house. In the closing sequence, set years later, we learn that after Kelly died, Evelyn finds out that he has placed his pension checks in a bank account especially for her. The actual Ryan children are then shown as adults, including the actual Betsy Ryan and Terry "Tuff" Ryan, the author of the book.'] ['The film examines the mind of anthropologist Ethan Powell  who has been missing for a few years, living in the jungle with gorillas. He had been convicted of killing and injuring several supposed Wilderness Park Rangers in Africa, and is sent to prison. A bright young psychiatrist  tries to find out why he killed them, but becomes entangled in a quest to learn the true history and nature of humankind. Eventually it is revealed that the man did it to protect his gorilla family when the rangers arrived and started shooting them. He gets a hearing to reveal the truth, but an attack by a vicious guard causes Powell to stop talking again. At the end of the film, Powell escapes from prison, using a pen to dig out the lock on a window and heads back to Africa.'] ['The film begins with a prologue set in Richmond, Virginia in 1865, showing the ironclad CSS Texas, carrying the last of the Confederacy\'s treasury, as Captain Adrian Tombs tries to run a Union blockade. The film then moves to the present day, where World Health Organization doctors Eva Rojas and Frank Hopper are investigating a disease that is spreading across Mali, Africa. Assassins attempt to murder Eva, but she is rescued by Dirk Pitt, from National Underwater and Marine Agency, who was working nearby. Dirk gets a call from a dealer in Nigeria. He sells Dirk a gold Confederate States of America coin, one of supposedly only five in existence, which was found in the Niger River. Dirk believes that this is a clue to the long-lost Texas. He convinces his boss, James Sandecker, to let him, Al Giordino, and Rudi Gunn, from NUMA, go to Mali to search. They give Eva and Hopper a ride, so that they can continue their investigation, for the WHO. Businessman Yves Massarde and dictator General Kazim, who controls half of civil-war torn Mali, try to stop the doctors from discovering the source of "plague". Kazim sends men to kill them and the NUMA team, not realizing their CIA and Navy background. Dirk, Al and Rudi survive the attack. Rudi tries to get out of the country to get help while Dirk and Al go to rescue the doctors. They save Eva, and then the three try to get across the border, but are captured by Tuareg, who are fighting the civil war against Kazim. The Tuaregs’ leader, Madibo, shows Eva his people, who are dying from the same disease she was investigating at the beginning. After taking samples, Eva finds that their water is contaminated. By accident, Al stumbles into a cave with a painting showing the ironclad Texas. Dirk believes that the Texas became stranded when the river water dried up after a storm and that the same river that carried the Texas now runs underground, spreading the contamination. They start to follow the dry river bed and work their way to the border. Dirk still hopes to find the ironclad along the way. Their plans are interrupted when they stumble upon the solar detoxification plant owned by Massarde, and realize that it is the source of the contamination. Rudi and Sandecker analyze their samples and find that the contamination is heading down the Niger River to the ocean, but they can\'t get any government help to intervene during a civil war in a sovereign country. Massarde captures Dirk and the others. He keeps Eva but sends Dirk and Al to Kazim. They escape but end up stranded in the middle of the desert. They find the wreck of a plane and fashion it into a land yacht which they use to find civilisation and contact Sandecker, who warns them that Kazim and his troops are after them. Dirk and Al enlist Madibo\'s aid to return to the plant and rescue Eva. He helps them infiltrate the plant and rescue his people who are working there as slaves. Rather than risk discovery, Massarde plans to destroy the plant, making it almost impossible to stop the contamination. Al goes to defuse the bombs while Dirk tries to head off Massarde. After a battle with a corrupt Tuareg, Dirk manages to save Eva while Massarde escapes. Dirk, Eva, and Al get away from the plant, but are strafed by Kazim in a helicopter gunship. A series of explosions along the dry river bed reveals the wreckage of the Texas, right where the cave painting showed it to be. They take cover inside thinking the ironclad\'s armor will protect them but Kazim\'s armor-piercing ammunition penetrates the rusted ironclad\'s armor with ease. They manage to fight back with an old cannon and destroy Kazim\'s gunship, just as Madibo arrives with Tuareg reinforcements which forces Kazim\'s army to surrender and end the civil war. In the end the contamination is dealt with, and Sandecker is offered a deal to do some covert work, while the government serendipitously funds NUMA, which he accepts, tentatively. It seems that Massarde, busy eating with a businessman, does not notice that the waiter  who pours him water from a bottle  served ONLY HIM and then disappeared with the rest of the bottle. It is implied that Massarde is poisoned  on orders from the US Government. The Texas gold, which belongs to the CSA &ndash; Confederate States of America, is left with Madibo\'s people. We see a soccer ball come bouncing into the same cave with the painting of the ironclad Texas, with Al in pursuit. He is playing soccer with the local kids. The cave, once empty, is now full of the gold. Later, while Al, Rudi, Sandecker are busy, Dirk and Eva are at the beach at her house on the bay in Monterey.'] ["Trapped in his drug-dependent mother, Liz's , Lower East Side apartment, 16-year-old Finn Earl  wants nothing more than to escape New York. He wants to spend the summer in South America studying the Ishkanani Indians  with his anthropologist father whom he's never met. Earl's plan has to change after he is arrested in an effort to help Liz, who works as a massage therapist. Determined to get their lives back on track, Liz moves the two of them into a guesthouse for the summer on the country estate of her ex-client, the aging billionaire, Ogden C. Osbourne . In Osbourne's world of privilege and power, Finn and Liz encounter the super rich, a tribe portrayed as fiercer and more mysterious than anything the youth might find in the South American jungle.  While Liz battles her substance abuse and struggles to win back her son's love and trust, Finn falls in love with Osbourne's granddaughter, Maya . He befriends her older brother, Bryce ([[Chris Evans ; and wins the favor of Osbourne. When violence ends Finn's acceptance within the Osbourne clan, the promises of this world quickly sour. Both Finn and Liz, caught in a harrowing struggle for their dignity, discover that membership in a group comes at a steep price."] ['A young political idealist named Henry Burton  is recruited to join the campaign of Jack Stanton , a charismatic, Southern Governor, who is vying to win the Democratic Party nomination for President of the United States. Henry is impressed by Stanton\'s genuine warmth and empathy with people. He joins Stanton\'s inner circle of political advisers: Stanton\'s formidable wife, Susan Stanton ; ruthless, redneck political strategist Richard Jemmons ; intelligent and attractive spokeswoman Daisy Green ; and sly political operator Howard Ferguson  as they journey to New Hampshire, the first state to hold a presidential primary. After Stanton completes an impressive debate performance against his Democratic rivals, Henry’s ex-girlfriend shows up to question Stanton about his arrest during the 1968 Democratic Convention in Chicago. The team become worried that Stanton’s past indiscretions may be used against him by the press and his political opponents. They hire Jack and Susan\'s old friend, the tough but unbalanced Libby Holden , to respond to any attacks designed to undermine Stanton\'s candidacy, as well as anticipate problems such as allegations about Stanton\'s notorious womanising. One of Stanton\'s mistresses, Cashmere McLeod , produces secret taped conversations between them to prove they had an affair. Henry discovers that the tapes have been doctored, so Libby tracks down the man responsible for the tapes and forces him at gunpoint to confess his guilt in a signed letter to the American public. The campaign is then rocked by a fresh allegation when Stanton\'s old friend, "Big Willie" McCullison  approaches Henry to tell him that his 16-year old daughter is pregnant and that Stanton is the father. Henry and Howard tell Willie he must allow his daughter to undergo an amniocentesis to determine Stanton\'s paternity. Although they convince Willie to remain silent on the issue, Henry is nonetheless sickened and disillusioned with the experience. Realising the campaign is falling behind in the polls, Stanton\'s team adopt a new strategy. Stanton begins going on the offensive by attacking his nearest rival, Senator Lawrence Harris  for being insufficiently pro-Israel and threatening to cut Medicare. Harris confronts Stanton during a radio debate but suffers a heart attack after the encounter. He subsequently withdraws from the race and is replaced by his friend, former Florida Governor Fred Picker . Picker\'s wholesome, straight-talking image proves an immediate threat to the campaign. Henry and Libby decide to seek out information about Picker’s past. They discover from his brother-in-law, Eddie Reyes , that Picker had a cocaine addiction as Governor, which led to the disintegration of his first marriage. They also meet Lorenzo Delgado , with whom Picker had a homosexual affair. Not expecting the information to ever be used, Libby and Henry share their findings with Jack and Susan, but are dismayed when they both decide to leak the information to the press. Libby says that if Jack does so, she will reveal that he tampered with the results of the paternity test, proving that he slept with Willie\'s daughter. Libby commits suicide after she realizes she spent her life idealizing Jack and Susan only to learn how flawed they truly are. Racked with guilt over Libby\'s death, Stanton takes the incriminating information to Picker, and apologizes for seeking it out. Picker admits to his past indiscretions, and agrees to withdraw from the race and to endorse Stanton. Henry intends to quit the campaign, admitting he has become deeply disillusioned with the whole political process. Stanton begs Henry to reconsider, persuading him that the two of them can make history. Months later, President Stanton is dancing at the Inaugural Ball with First Lady, Susan. He shakes the hands of all his campaign staff, the last of whom is Henry.'] ['Billy Halleck  is an arrogant, obese, upper-class lawyer living with his wife Heidi  and their daughter Linda . Billy recently defended an underworld crime boss named Richie "The Hammer" Ginelli  in court. The town is in the middle of a carnival, which is run by gypsies whom the town seems to have prejudices against. While driving one night, Billy accidentally runs over an elderly gypsy woman named Suzanne Lempke  with his car . The death is ruled accidental, and no charges are filed against him. Suzanne\'s 106-year old father, Tadzu Lempke , who is outraged by this, curses Billy by touching his face and saying the word "thinner". Billy begins to lose weight rapidly, regardless of how much he eats. Heidi, concerned, brings in Dr. Mike Houston , with whom Billy thinks perhaps his wife is having an affair. It is revealed that the man also cursed Judge Cary Rossington ([[John Horton  and Police Chief Duncan Hopely , who helped him avoid punishment in court. Judge Cary\'s curse was "Lizard"; he is now growing scales all over his body, eventually heading to the Mayo Clinic for help. His wife, Leda , furiously blames Billy for what is happening to Cary. Duncan becomes mutated with over-sized pimples and ends up committing suicide. Billy continues to lose weight and calculates that he only has a couple weeks to live. Because only Lempke can remove the curse, Billy intends to search for the gypsy carnival but learns it has moved. When Heidi continually mentions Dr. Houston, who is also repeatedly visiting their home, Billy is convinced of her affair and vows vengeance. He finds the gypsy camp and tries to reason with Lempke, but Lempke, unconvinced, tells Billy to leave. After being informed that Cary committed suicide, Billy enlists Richie Ginelli\'s help; Richie pays a local man named Frank Spurton  to track down the gypsies and himself kills off the gypsy camp\'s dogs. Gina, Lempke\'s great-granddaughter, and her husband Gabe, kill Frank in retaliation. In response, Richie opens fire on the gypsy camp, killing Gabe. The next day, Richie lures Gina away to kill her but Billy stops him. While balancing acid on Gina\'s forehead, Richie gives her a message for her great-grandfather: meet them in two hours. Lempke arrives at the meeting, finding a very thin and sick Billy. Convinced that only by lifting the curse can he prevent further attacks on his people, he explains that he cannot remove the curse but it can be transferred to another. He mixes Billy\'s blood into a strawberry pie while chanting a gypsy spell. He states that the pie must be consumed by an unsuspecting person, causing painful but rapid death, but urges Billy to die with dignity by eating the pie himself. Billy tells Linda to spend the night at her friend\'s house, then talks Heidi into trying the pie while he heads for bed, exhausted. The next morning, he awakes to find Heidi\'s desiccated corpse next to him. Initially gleeful to be free of the curse and of his disloyal wife, he finds to his horror that Linda, who did not spend the night elsewhere like he had ordered, had eaten some of the pie for breakfast. His guilt compels him to take Lempke\'s suggestion to eat a piece himself. As he is about to do so, Dr. Mike arrives, a bit uncomfortable at the situation . Billy invites him in to share the pie with him, which Dr. Mike accepts. The ending shows Billy closing the door with an evil smile as Dr. Mike enters.'] ['Flora Poste , a young orphan in the 1920s, moves in with her eccentric and backward relatives, the Starkadders. The Starkadders live in a run-down farm off the beaten track in Sussex. Flora decides to rehabilitate and modernise them. She first removes the head of the family , an amateur preacher with his own entourage of timid followers, by encouraging him to go on a preaching tour. This leaves the farm in the far more capable hands of his elder son. She introduces the very lusty and handsome younger son to an American film producer, and so gets rid of him as well. She marries off the poetry-addicted gypsy daughter after coaching her in manners, deportment and fashion. She connects the chronically-depressed mother  with a famed psychiatrist, who takes a great interest in her. The greatest challenge is her domineering Aunt Ada Doom, whom she eventually convinces to go on a tour of Europe.'] ['The film is set in Coalwood, West Virginia in the year 1957. The coal mine is the town\'s largest employer and almost every man living in the town works in the mines. John Hickam ([[Chris Cooper , the mine superintendent, loves his job and hopes that his boys, Jim  and Homer , will one day join him in his mine. When it appears that Jim will receive a football scholarship to attend college, this leaves Homer to fulfill his father\'s dream, although his mother, Elsie , hopes for more for her son. In October, news of the Soviet Union\'s rocket launch of Sputnik 1 reaches Coalwood. As the townspeople gather outside the night of the broadcast, they see the satellite orbit across the sky. Filled with awe and a belief that this may be his chance out of Coalwood, Homer sets out to build rockets of his own and enter the science fair. Initially, his family and later his classmates think he has gone crazy and is wasting his time, especially when he teams up with Quentin Wilson ([[Chris Owen , the school\'s math geek who also has an interest in rocket engineering. With the help of his friends, Roy Lee Cooke  and Sherman O\'Dell , and support from their science teacher, Miss Riley , the four try out their new passion. While their first launches are failures, they begin experimenting with new fuels and rocket designs. After several successful launches, the local paper runs a story about them. The next day, they are arrested — accused of having started a forest fire with a rocket that had gone astray. After Homer\'s father picks him up from the police station, Roy Lee is seen getting beat up by his stepfather, Vernon. Homer\'s father intervenes and rescues Roy Lee, warning the drunken man that, even though Roy Lee\'s father is dead, he will fight for Roy Lee as Roy Lee\'s father would have. In a rare display of emotion, he tells Roy Lee that Roy\'s father was one of the best men who ever worked for him. The arrest, along with Homer\'s father\'s lack of support, crushes the boys\' dreams. After a mine disaster, Homer\'s father is injured rescuing "... a dozen men [who] would have died...", though one other miner does die . Homer drops out of high school and works the mine to provide for the family while his dad recovers. Later, Homer is inspired to look at a rocket science book Miss Riley gave him, and learns how to calculate rockets\' trajectories. This shows him that their lost rocket could not have caused the fire, as it was unable to travel that far. Homer and Quentin recover the rocket in a stream just about where they figure it should have landed. The boys present their findings to Miss Riley, the school principal, and the police. Chagrined, Principal Turner identifies the offending projectile as a flare from a nearby airfield. Homer returns to school, and the boys return to rocket making, and win a school science fair. The school sends Homer to the national science fair in Indianapolis, Indiana. That night, John is almost shot by a man in a black car outside. John, with Homer and Jim in tow, exits the house to see who fired. John shouts "Vernon!" realizing this was apparently revenge for the threats John gave Roy Lee\'s stepfather earlier. Homer and Jim express their concern about this to their father, but John passes it over, bitterly telling Homer to go "look for his suitcase" . Fed up, Homer confronts his father and a heated argument ensues. Homer storms out of the house, vowing to never return or look back. Homer goes to and enters the fair. His display goes over very well, but when he leaves to go sightseeing, someone steals his de Laval nozzle, as well as his autographed picture of Wernher von Braun. Homer makes an urgent phone call home for help. His mother convinces Homer\'s father to end the ongoing strike so that Mr. Bolden can build a replica of the stolen nozzle. John bitterly refuses but gives in when Elsie, fed up with his lack of support for their son, threatens that she will have to leave him. With the help of the contributors back in his home town, Homer wins the top prize and is besieged with scholarship offers from colleges. He is also congratulated by his inspiration Dr. von&nbsp;Braun, but in the confusion does not learn the engineer\'s identity until after he is gone. Homer returns to Coalwood as a hero, and visits Miss Riley, who is now ill with Hodgkin\'s disease. He shows her the medal he has won, and she responds touchingly. A launch of their largest rocket yet  is the last scene of the film.  Homer\'s father finally shows up for a launch, and is given the honor of pushing the firing button. As the rocket streams upward, the film shows the view from the perspectives of many characters. As the group looks up to the rocket, John slowly puts his hand on Homer\'s shoulder and smiles. Homer is invited to take one last look at the coal mine with his father. A series of vignettes  tells the later lives of the real characters upon which the movie was based.'] ['Four years after the incident at Jurassic Park, a wealthy couple and their daughter hold a picnic on Isla Sorna. The girl wanders off and is attacked by a pack of Compsognathus before being rescued by her father and his servants. Ian Malcolm publicized the incident at Jurassic Park, but disbelief has destroyed his academic reputation, and legal action has prevented him getting any evidence. John Hammond, having lost control of InGen to his unscrupulous nephew, Peter Ludlow, and as a result of the family\'s accident, summons Malcolm to his home and tells him about Isla Sorna. The island of Isla Sorna, also known as "Site B", is the island where the dinosaurs were engineered and nurtured for a few months, before being moved to Isla Nublar, the location of the park. He explains that after Jurassic Park was shut down, a hurricane destroyed the containment facilities on Isla Sorna, and the dinosaurs have been living free in the wild ever since. Hammond asks Malcolm to join a team that will travel to Site B to document the dinosaurs in their natural habitat to rally public support and prevent Ludlow from exploiting the site for InGen and leave it as a nature preserve. Malcolm initially refuses, but agrees after learning that his girlfriend, paleontologist Sarah Harding, is part of the team and is already there, while the others will meet her after three days. Malcolm meets the team of people he will join with: equipment specialist and engineer Eddie Carr, and documentary producer Nick Van Owen. Shortly after arriving on the island, they find Sarah and discover that Malcolm\'s adopted daughter, Kelly, has stowed away on the trailer. Malcolm tries to get Kelly home, but they are interrupted by the arrival of an InGen team of mercenaries, hunters, and paleontologists led by Ludlow, which they spot chasing and capturing several dinosaur species such as Parasaurolophus, Pachycephalosaurus, Gallimimus and Mamenchisaurus, for another park in San Diego. Tracker Roland Tembo wishes to hunt and kill an adult male Tyrannosaurus by luring it to the cries of its injured offspring. That night, Nick and Sarah sneak into the InGen camp to free the dinosaurs, which cause a huge commotion as a Triceratops destroys the camp and the dinosaurs escape. During the commotion caused by the fleeing dinosaurs, Nick frees the baby Tyrannosaurus and takes it to the trailer so Sarah can set its broken leg. Malcolm takes Kelly to the high hide, a lift Eddie built to keep them safe above the trees. Malcolm, after trying and failing to contact the trailer via phone, returns on foot. Shortly after arriving, two adult Tyrannosaurs find the trailer and their baby. The team gives the infant back, but the two adults begin pushing the trailer over the cliff with the team inside. Eddie leaves Kelly in the "high hide" and returns to the trailer in one of the SUVs. With the adults temporarily gone, Eddie is able to tie a rope to a tree trunk and send it down to Malcolm, Sarah, and Nick to grab onto. Eddie then ties a cable to the trailer to pull it back over the edge. He partially succeeds, but is attacked and eaten when the Tyrannosaurs return. The trailer and the SUV fall off the cliff, but Malcolm, Sarah, and Nick are rescued by the InGen team. With both groups\' communications equipment destroyed in the attacks, they team up to reach the old InGen compound\'s radio station. Roland\'s second in command Dieter Stark is attacked and killed by a pack of Compsognathus, His friend Carter fails to hear his screams because he was listening to headphones. At night, the Tyrannosaurs come across the group\'s camp, one of them pokes it\'s head in Sarah and Kelly\'s tent while Sarah and Kelly hide under their sleeping bags but Carter sees the T-Rex and screams which makes everyone run from the T-Rex. Carter falls and is crushed by the T-Rex\'s foot. As everyone flees from the female, Roland stays behind and manages to tranquilize the male rex twice. Everyone hides in a waterfall and the T-Rex licks them but Burke runs scared because a milk snake crawled in his shirt and gets bitten and pulled out of the waterfall by the T-Rex. Many of the fleeing team, including Roland\'s hunting partner, Ajay Sidhu, pass through a field of tall grass near the compound, but are all killed by Velociraptors. Shortly after, Nick, having found Ajay\'s bag with the coordinates, splits off from the group to reach the compound and radio for help. Sarah, Malcolm, and Kelly run for the compound, with three raptors in pursuit. After escaping from the three raptors, they reunite with Nick and fly away in a rescue helicopter. While flying away, they spot the caged Tyrannosaurus and Ludlow preparing to ship it and its baby back to the mainland. A cargo ship carries the adult Tyrannosaurus back to the mainland, but crashes into the dock when it reaches San Diego. Ludlow and several guards investigate the boat and find the entire crew dead. A guard opens the cargo hold, thinking there might be some crew members below, inadvertently releasing the Tyrannosaurus, which escapes into the city. Realizing that the creature will likely come for its infant, Malcolm and Sarah learn from Ludlow that the infant is already at the park. They rush to the park to get the baby and use it to lure the adult back to the boat. Ludlow tries to intervene, but is trapped in the cargo hold and he tries to ambush the infant but the adult appears and Ludlow runs up the stairs but the adult drags him down. Then the infant leaps on him and attacks and kills him while the adult looks. Malcolm and Sarah manage to tranquilize the adult before it can escape again and seal it in the hold. The next day, Malcolm, Sarah and Kelly watch television reports of the cargo ship on its way back to Isla Sorna, surrounded by a convoy of naval vessels. During the program, they see an interview with Hammond, who explains that the American and Costa Rican governments have agreed to declare the island a nature preserve so the dinosaurs can live free of human interference, and adds "Life will find a way," paraphrasing something Malcolm told him on Isla Nublar four years earlier.'] ['During the Korean War, the Soviets capture an American platoon and take them to Manchuria in Communist China. After the war, the soldiers return to the United States, and Staff Sergeant Raymond Shaw  is credited with saving their lives in combat. Upon the recommendation of the platoon\'s commander, Captain Bennett Marco , Shaw is awarded the Medal of Honor for his supposed actions. When asked to describe him, Marco and the other soldiers automatically respond, "Raymond Shaw is the kindest, bravest, warmest, most wonderful human being I\'ve ever known in my life." Deep down, however, they know that Shaw is a cold, sad, unsociable loner. Marco &mdash; who has since been promoted to Major &mdash; suffers from a recurring nightmare in which a hypnotized Shaw kills two fellow soldiers before the assembled military brass of communist nations, during a practical demonstration of a brainwashing technique. Marco wants to investigate, but receives no support from Army Intelligence as he has no proof. However, Marco learns that another soldier from the platoon, Allen Melvin ([[James Edwards , has had the same nightmare. When Melvin and Marco separately identify some of the men in the dream as leading figures in communist governments, Army Intelligence agrees to help Marco investigate.  Meanwhile, Shaw\'s mother, Mrs. Eleanor Iselin , drives the political career of her husband and Shaw\'s stepfather, Senator John Yerkes Iselin ([[James Gregory , a McCarthy-like demagogue who is widely dismissed as a fool. Senator Iselin finds a newfound political profile when he claims that an undetermined number of Communists work within the Defense Department. However, unknown to Raymond, Mrs. Iselin is actually a Communist agent with a plan intended to secure the presidency under Communist influence. Mrs. Iselin is the American "operator" responsible for controlling Raymond, who was conditioned in Manchuria to be an unwitting assassin whose actions are triggered by a Queen of Diamonds playing card. When he sees it, he will obey the next suggestion or order given to him. When given instructions to kill selected targets, he must also kill any witnesses and never remember his actions, making him the perfect assassin. It is revealed that Shaw\'s heroism was a false memory implanted in the platoon by the Communists in Manchuria, and that they were covertly returned to the American lines when their conditioning was completed; the actions for which Shaw was awarded his Medal of Honor never took place. Raymond briefly finds happiness when he rekindles a youthful romance with Jocelyn Jordan , the daughter of Senator Thomas Jordan , one of his stepfather\'s political rivals. Raymond had previously courted Jocelyn in order to get back at his mother, but they then genuinely fell in love. Mrs. Iselin broke up the relationship for political reasons, but now facilitates the couple\'s reunion as part of her scheme to garner the support of Senator Jordan for her husband\'s own sudden bid for Vice President. Jocelyn, wearing a Queen of Diamonds costume outfit, inadvertently hypnotizes Raymond at a costume party thrown by the Iselins, and the couple elopes. Although pleased with the match, Senator Jordan makes it clear to Mrs. Iselin that he will move for her husband\'s impeachment if he makes any attempt to seek the vice-presidential nomination. Mrs. Iselin triggers Raymond\'s conditioning and sends him to assassinate Jordan. Raymond carries out his orders, and also kills Jocelyn when she happens upon the scene. Raymond has no knowledge of his actions, and is genuinely grief-stricken when he learns of the murders. Marco discovers the role of the Queen of Diamonds card in hypnotizing Raymond into committing murder. Marco meets Raymond and, using a deck composed entirely of such cards, gets the full story; he then orders Raymond to break the links between the card and obeying any further subsequent orders. Mrs. Iselin primes her son to assassinate their party\'s presidential candidate at the nomination convention so that Senator Iselin, as the vice-presidential candidate, will become the presidential candidate by default. This will cause mass hysteria that will get Iselin, "the Manchurian candidate", elected and justify emergency powers that, in Mrs. Iselin\'s words, "will make martial law seem like anarchy". Mrs. Iselin tells Raymond that she did not know that he was to be selected by the Communists, who apparently chose him to be the assassin because they believed it would solidify their own hold and control over her. She vows that once in power she will "grind them into the dirt". Marco\'s attempt to free Raymond appears to have failed. Raymond enters the convention hall disguised as a Catholic priest and takes up a position to carry out the assassination as he was instructed, using a rifle with a scope. Marco and his supervisor, Colonel Milt ([[Douglas Henderson , arrive at the convention to stop him. As the Presidential nominee  makes his speech, Raymond instead takes his revenge and saves the country by shooting his mother and stepfather dead. He then commits suicide in front of Marco while wearing his Medal of Honor.'] ['Hiram Otis comes to England with his wife, daughter and two sons on a research grant; he and his family will live in a castle called Canterville Hall. But the Castle is haunted by the spirit of a disgraced ancestor, Sir Simon de Canterville, doomed to remain on the estate after the death of his wife; his goal is to send the family packing so he begins a ghostly reign of terror: reappearing bloodstains, clanking chains, haunting moans. As is revealed by Lord Canterville  and the servants Mr and Mrs Umney, numerous people have stayed at Canterville Hall in the last few years and have all been scared away by Sir Simon - the locals start betting on how long the Otis family will stay. Virginia \'Ginny\' Otis, the daughter, starts to get suspicious when it becomes apparent that the mysterious noises are not her younger brothers playing tricks and discovers a mysterious prophecy in a book about the house\'s history. She also discovers a secret passage in the library that leads to a cell where Sir Simon resides during the day with his raven familiar Gabriel. Initially disliking the house and life in England, Ginny starts to appreciate her new home and becomes attracted to Francis, the young Duke of Cheshire, who has also seen Sir Simon\'s ghost. Unfortunately, Hiram does not believe in ghosts and accuses Ginny of trying to scare the family so they\'ll return to America. Sir Simon becomes infuriated by the family\'s resilience and is himself scared by a fake ghost that the boys built. Angrily chasing the Otis children, Sir Simon causes Ginny to get in even more trouble with her father - who is so sceptical he can\'t even see Sir Simon. Ginny uses the secret passage to return to the cell and yells at the ghost for getting her in trouble, but ultimately ends up befriending him. Later, Francis takes a walk with Ginny and explains that Sir Simon was suspected of murdering his wife Lady Eleanor and his fate remains unknown. He and Ginny eventually separate in the Canterville chapel, but Sir Simon appears to the tearful Ginny and advises her to not let her fears ruin her chances of finding true love. Ginny follows his advice and makes her feelings apparent to Francis. Hiram, still blaming Ginny for the strange happenings, decides to send Ginny back home to America. Going to Sir Simon for help, Ginny also explains how her father doesn\'t believe in ghosts  and they plot to trick Hiram into believing. They will perform a scene from Shakespeare\'s Hamlet and Sir Simon will play the ghost of Hamlet\'s father . During the performance, however, Sir Simon suddenly chickens out and disappears halfway through the scene - even worse, Hiram insists it was a special effect . Ginny sneaks back to the cell that night and discovers that the lines of the play brought back sad memories for Sir Simon. He confesses that he drove his wife insane after being tricked into thinking she had been unfaithful and that Lady Eleanor killed herself. Surrendering himself to Eleanor\'s family for punishment, Sir Simon was locked in the cell to starve and cursed by a witch, who condemned him to haunt the house by night and lament the death of his wife by day - Sir Simon has not slept for centuries and can only rest if he is redeemed and allowed to pass on. Ginny wants to help him, so Sir Simon takes her to the library and reveals that she has already fulfilled part of the prophecy, she has wept for him. Next, she must pray for him. Finally, Sir Simon takes her through a portal in the fireplace to the "Realm of Darkness" to plead to the Angel of Death on his behalf. The next morning, Hiram goes to Ginny\'s bedroom to try to make amends and discovers she isn\'t there. Panicking, the family search the house and estate aided by Francis, the Umneys, Lord Canterville and the locals. They find the cloak Ginny was wearing last night in the library and everyone but Hiram realises that Ginny has been taken away by the ghost. Hiram starts to hear Ginny\'s voice in his mind and sees her image in Sir Simon\'s portrait, causing him to start believing in ghosts. That night, they hear a mysterious noise and rush to the library, where the fireplace opens again to reveal Ginny trying to get home from the Realm of Darkness - her family and Francis rescue her before the portal closes. Ginny takes the family to Sir Simon\'s cell and they find his chained skeleton. Gabriel disappears, no longer needed, and they hear the chapel bell  ring out. Outside, a dead almond tree comes back to life and blooms, fulfilling the prophecy and confirming that Sir Simon is redeemed. The family decide to stay at Canterville indefinitely, with the blessing of Lord Canterville  and have Sir Simon\'s remains buried in the garden beside Lady Eleanor\'s. Francis and Ginny visit the grave and Ginny thanks Sir Simon for everything he taught her about life, death and how love is stronger than both. Ghostly voices are heard, implying that Sir Simon has been reunited with his wife and is finally happy. A classic story of redemption and forgiveness, told through a comic lens. Located at Knebworth House, Stevenage, Herts.'] ['In 1888, Mary Kelly ([[Heather Graham  and her small group of London prostitutes trudge through unrelenting daily misery. When their friend Ann Crook is kidnapped, they are drawn into a conspiracy with links higher up than they could possibly imagine. The kidnapping is soon followed by the gruesome murder of another woman, Martha Tabram , and it becomes apparent that they are being hunted down, one by one as various prostitutes are murdered and mutilated post mortem. The murder of Martha and her companions grabs the attention of Whitechapel Police Inspector Frederick Abberline , a brilliant yet troubled man whose police work is often aided by his psychic "visions." Abberline\'s investigations reveal that the murders, while gruesome, imply that an educated person is responsible due to the precise and almost surgical method used. Ann is found a few days later in asylum having been lobotomized after officials and doctors supposedly found her to be insane. It is implied this was done to silence her. Abberline consults Sir William Gull , a physician to the Royal Family, drawing on his experience and knowledge of medicine. These findings, coupled with his superiors impeding his investigations, point to a darker and organized conspiracy. Abberline becomes deeply involved with the case, which takes on personal meaning to him when he and Mary begin to fall in love. Abberline deduces that Masonic influence is definitely present in these crimes. His superior, a high ranking Freemason himself, then makes direct intervention and suspends Abberline. It is then revealed that Gull is the killer. He has been killing the witnesses to painter Albert Sickert \'s forbidden Catholic marriage to Crook , who bore his legitimate daughter Alice. Sickert is actually Prince Edward, grandson of reigning Queen Victoria , and therefore Alice is heir to the British throne. Gull himself is a Freemason and his increasingly sinister behavior lends an insight into his murderous, but calculated mind. Rather than publicly charge Gull, the Freemasons decide to lobotomize Gull to protect the Royal family from the scandal. Gull defiantly states he has no equal among men, remaining unrepentant up to his lobotomy, resulting in him becoming invalid just as Ann had been. Mary Kelly doesn\'t die; Gull earlier mistook Ada, whom Liz said was from France , for Mary and he kills her instead. Mary lives with Alice in a cottage on a cliff by the sea. Abberline is found dead of an opium overdose, knowing he can never see Mary again without endangering her.'] ['{{plot}} Andrea "Andy" Sachs  is an aspiring journalist fresh out of Northwestern University. She lands the job "a million girls would kill for": junior personal assistant to Miranda Priestly , the icy editor-in-chief of Runway fashion magazine. At first, Andy fumbles with her job and fits in poorly with her catty coworkers, especially Miranda\'s British senior assistant Emily Charlton . During a dinner with her father who came to visit her in New York City, Miranda calls her: the airports in Florida where she is are all closed due to a hurricane but she needs to get home and orders Andy to get her home somehow. Andy tries every airline company there is, but none of them are flying out because of the weather. Andy\'s father suggests Miranda learn a lesson about waiting out a hurricane, and tells Andy to put away her phone as he takes her out to dinner. When Miranda does arrive back at the office she tells Andy she has disappointed her. Andy has a talk with Runways art director Nigel , who gives a whole new perspective of Miranda, her work and fashion in general. Andy decides to change and—initially with Nigel\'s help—gradually learns her responsibilities and begins to dress more stylishly. Although Nigel is blunt, Andy feels he is the lone Runway employee looking out for her. Miranda notices the change in Andy and gives her a new task: delivering "The Book"  to her Upper East Side townhouse. Emily explains to her that she has to behave as if she is \'invisible\' while she delivers the book at Miranda\'s house. However, Andy is tricked by Miranda\'s daughters into going upstairs, where she inadvertently walks in on Miranda and her husband arguing. Mortified, she drops the book and leaves. Miranda punishes Andy by giving her an impossible task: securing the unpublished manuscript for the next book in the Harry Potter series for her twin daughters to read on the train. Andy is just about to quit when Christian Thompson , a famous writer and acquaintance of Andy\'s informs her he has obtained it for her. Andy delivers the copy of the manuscript to a stunned Miranda, who still gives Andy a hard time for not having two manuscripts for both of her daughters to read at the same time, but Andy was prepared and already gave the twins two copies, while the one she gave Miranda was just a backup. When Emily falls ill, Miranda commands Andy to accompany the two of them to a charity benefit, where they masquerade as partygoers while actually Emily whispers to Miranda the names of the people approaching her for greeting. At the event, Andy saves Miranda from being embarrassed by Emily, who had forgotten one of the names; meets Jacqueline Follet, the editor-in-chief of French Runway and Miranda\'s rival; turns down an offer to meet a big publisher from Christian, but all the while misses her boyfriend\'s birthday party. One evening, while returning The Book, Miranda informs her that she needs "the best team possible" for her Paris trip, which means stepping over Emily. Andy hesitates, as Emily has been boasting about going to Paris for months, but Miranda tells her that declining will send the message that she is not committed to her job or any future job at another publication. Faced with this threat, Andy accepts. The next day Miranda then tells Andy to be the bearer of bad news to Emily. Just as Andy is about to tell her, Emily crosses at a "no cross" point and is hit by a taxi. Andy has a rough day confronting Emily about Paris and then at her friend Lily\'s art gallery, where she accepts a kiss on the cheek from Christian. Lily catches this and berates Andy, to then confront her boyfriend about the fact that she is going to Paris. He realizes that they no longer have anything in common, and they break up. In Paris, Andy attends the shows and even meets designer Valentino Garavani, being introduced as "the new Emily". One night Andy comes into Miranda\'s suite only to find her in her bathrobe, undressed, and crying. While deciding on a seating chart, Miranda opens up saying that her husband is divorcing her, and again the press would write rude things about her such as \'career obsessed woman\' who doesn\'t care for family but that her biggest worry is for her daughters. Later, Andy learns from Nigel that he has landed a job as creative director at fashion designer James Holt\'s new company. Andy has dinner with Christian who figures out that she is single again. After a few glasses of wine she succumbs to Christian\'s charms and the two have sex. In his hotel room the next morning, while dressing, Andy finds out that the American Runway\'s owner is planning to replace Miranda with Jacqueline Follet. Surprised, she asks Christian about it who confirms it saying that Miranda has become old and that Jacqueline will bring fresh change to the magazine. Andy rushes to the door while Christian stops her calling her \'baby\' to which she replies that she is not his \'baby\'. Andy storms out to find Miranda and warn her. When Andy finally tells her, Miranda seems unfazed. At a luncheon in honor of James Holt, Miranda announces that Jacqueline will be the new creative director of James Holt\'s company much to the surprise of Andy and Nigel. En route to another event, Miranda explains to a still-stunned Andy that she knew about the plan to get rid of her all along, but she found an alternative for Jacqueline and presented "The List"  to the owner of Runway, who realized that without those people, Runway would suffer greatly, and was forced to reconsider. Miranda also says that she was pleased by Andy\'s display of loyalty and that she sees a great deal of herself in her. Andy says she could never do to anyone what Miranda did to Nigel. Miranda replies that she already did, in stepping over Emily. Miranda tentatively comforts her, saying that those choices are necessary to live the life that she lives. At the event, Andy gets out of the car and simply walks away. When receiving a call from Miranda, she throws her phone into a fountain on the Place de la Concorde. Back in New York, Andy meets with Nate for breakfast. He has accepted an offer to work as a sous-chef in a popular Boston restaurant. Andy is disappointed, but her hope is rejuvenated when he says they could work something out. Andy, once again wearing more modest clothes, goes to an interview for a newspaper job. The interviewer reveals that Miranda told him she was by far her biggest disappointment, but that if he did not hire her, he would be an idiot. Afterwards Andy calls Emily while walking past the Runway office and offers to send Emily all of the outfits Andy got while in Paris, Emily feigns imposition saying the clothes will "absolutely drown her" but accepts. When she hangs up with Andy, Emily turns to the new second assistant that replaced Andy and tells her that she has big shoes to fill, in a sense admitting that Andy was an excellent worker and a good person. As Andy hangs up from that same phone call, she sees Miranda getting into her car across the street. They exchange looks and Andy smiles at her, but Miranda acts as if the two are strangers, which Andy takes in good grace. Once in the car, Miranda smiles slightly before curtly telling her driver, "Go."'] ['Ryan Bingham  works for the Career Transitions Corporation . He makes his living traveling to workplaces around the United States and informing workers of their dismissals in place of their employers, who fear doing it themselves. Ryan also delivers motivational speeches, using the metaphor "What\'s In Your Backpack?" to extol the virtues of a life free of burdens like relationships with people as well as things, arguing that the best way to live is to travel light, with little to hold one down. Ryan relishes his perpetual travels. Already entitled to Concierge Key program by American Airlines, his personal ambition is to earn ten million frequent flyer miles. While traveling, he meets another frequent flyer, Alex . They begin a casual relationship, meeting whenever they can arrange to cross paths. Ryan is unexpectedly called back to CTC\'s offices in Omaha, Nebraska. An ambitious, freshly graduated new hire, Natalie Keener , is promoting a plan to cut costs by conducting layoffs via videoconferencing. Ryan argues that Natalie knows nothing about the actual process, live or not, as she has never fired anyone and does not know how to handle upset people. He plays the role of a fired employee to show her inexperience. His boss  assigns him to take Natalie with him on his next round of terminations, much to his annoyance. Throughout the rounds, Natalie is visibly disturbed by firing people face to face. As they travel together and become better acquainted, Natalie questions Ryan\'s philosophy, but he is satisfied with his lifestyle. During the trip, Natalie is shattered when her boyfriend unceremoniously dumps her by text message. Ryan and Alex try to comfort her. Natalie later lectures Ryan about his refusal to consider a commitment to Alex in spite of their obvious compatibility, and becomes infuriated; she apologizes later, but soon afterwards they are ordered back to Omaha to begin implementing Natalie\'s program. There are problems during a test run; one laid-off man breaks down in tears before the camera, and she is unable to comfort him. Instead of returning immediately to Omaha, Ryan convinces Alex to accompany him to his younger sister Julie\'s  wedding near Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Julie had him  take photos of a cutout picture of her and future husband Jim ([[Danny McBride  in various places because they cannot afford a honeymoon trip. When Jim gets cold feet, Ryan\'s older sister talks Ryan into using his motivational skills to persuade Jim to go through with it. Although this runs counter to Ryan\'s personal philosophy of non-commitment, he persuades Jim that "everyone needs a co-pilot" and the important moments in life are rarely unshared. The wedding takes place without any further problems. Ryan begins having second thoughts about his own life. As he starts to deliver his "What\'s In Your Backpack?" speech at a convention in Las Vegas, he realizes he no longer believes it and walks off the stage. On an impulse, he flies to Alex\'s home in Chicago, Illinois. When she opens the door, he is stunned to discover she is a married woman with children; Ryan leaves without saying a word. She later tells him on the phone that her family is her real life and he is simply an escape. When she asks him what he wants out of their relationship, he is unable to answer. On his flight home, the crew announces that Ryan has just crossed the ten-million-mile mark. The airline\'s chief pilot  comes out of the cockpit to meet Ryan. He notes that Ryan is the youngest person to reach the milestone; Ryan, who had been preparing for that moment for a long time, shows little emotion. Back in his office, Ryan calls the airline to transfer five hundred thousand miles each to the newlyweds, enough for them to fly around the world for their honeymoon. His boss then tells Ryan that a woman he and Natalie fired has killed herself by jumping off a bridge, just as she warned them she would, and that when Natalie found out, she quit via text message. Ryan claims to have no memory of the employee making this threat. The company puts the remote-layoff program on hold because of government concerns, and Ryan is once again "back on the road". Natalie applies for a job in San Francisco, California. The interviewer is puzzled as to why she chose to work for CTC, given her sterling qualifications; she tells him she followed a boy. Based on a glowing recommendation from Ryan, he hires her. The film concludes with Ryan standing in front of a vast destination board, looking up, and letting go of his luggage.'] ['Barkley and Lucy Cooper are an elderly couple who lose their home to foreclosure, as Barkley has been unable to find employment because of his age. The couple summons four of their five children &mdash; the fifth lives thousands of miles away in California &mdash; to break the news and decide where they will live until they can get back on their feet. Only one of the children, Nell, has enough space for both, but she asks for three months to talk her husband into the idea. In the meantime, the temporary solution is for the parents to split up and each go to live with a different one of the children. The two burdened families soon come to find the respective parents\' presence bothersome. Nell\'s efforts to talk her husband into helping are half-hearted and achieve no success, and she reneges on her promise to eventually take them in. While Barkley continues looking for work to allow him and his wife to live independently again, it is obvious that he has little or no prospect of success. When Lucy continues to speak optimistically of the day that he will find work, her teenage granddaughter bluntly advises her to "face facts" that it will never happen because of his age. Lucy\'s sad reply is to say that "facing facts" is easy for a carefree 17-year old girl, but that at Lucy\'s age, the only fun left is "pretending that there ain\'t any facts to face ... so would you mind if I just kind of went on pretending?" With no end in sight to the uncomfortable living situation, each of the host families looks for a way to get the parent they are hosting out of their house. When Barkley catches a cold, his daughter Cora seizes upon it as a pretext to assert that his health demands a milder climate, thus necessitating that he move to California to live with daughter Addie there. Meanwhile, son George and his wife Anita begin planning to move Lucy into a retirement home. Lucy accidentally finds about their plans, but rather than force George into the awkward position of breaking the news to her, she goes to him first and claims that she wants to move into the home. Meanwhile Barkley resigns himself to his fate of having to move thousands of miles away, though he too is entirely aware of his daughter\'s true motivation for sending him. On the day Barkley is to depart by train, he and Lucy make plans to go out and spend one last afternoon together before having a farewell dinner with the four children. The couple have a fantastic time strolling around the city and reminiscing about their happy years together, even visiting the same hotel in which they had stayed on their honeymoon 50 years prior. Their day is made so pleasant partly because of the kindness of various people they encounter, who, although strangers, seem to find them a charming couple, to genuinely enjoy their company and to treat them with deference and respect. This, of course, stands in stark contrast to the treatment the two are receiving from their children, and eventually Barkley and Lucy decide to continue their wonderful day by skipping the farewell dinner and dining at the hotel instead. When Barkley informs their daughter of their decision with a blunt phone call, it prompts introspection among the four children. Son Robert suggests that each of the children has always known that collectively they are "probably the most good-for-nothing bunch of kids that were ever raised, but it didn\'t bother us much until we found out that Pop knew it too." George notes that it is now so late in the evening that they won\'t even have time to meet their parents at the train station to see their father off. He says that he deliberately let the time pass until it was too late because he figured their parents would prefer to be alone. Nell objects that if they don\'t go to the station, their parents "will think we\'re terrible", to which George matter-of-factly replies, "Aren\'t we?" At the train station, Lucy and Barkley say their farewells to one another. On the surface, their conversation echoes Lucy\'s comments to her granddaughter about preferring to pretend, rather than facing facts. Barkley tells Lucy that he will soon find a job in California and then quickly send for her, and Lucy replies that she is sure he will do so. They then offer each other a truly final goodbye, saying that they are doing so "just in case" they do not see each other again because "anything could happen". Each makes a heartfelt statement reaffirming their lifelong love for the other, in what seems an unspoken acknowledgment that this is almost certainly their final moment together.'] ["Fritz Brown is a disgraced former LAPD officer now working as a private investigator and part-time repo man. Fritz is hired by an obese caddy named Fat Dog, supposedly to keep tabs on Fat Dog's sister, Jane. In the course of his investigation, Fritz learns that Jane is indeed living with an elderly millionaire named Solly, and that their relationship is odd at best. Fritz follows Solly and witnesses a transaction between Solly and Cathcart, the Internal Affairs Chief who disgraced Fritz and had him expelled from the police force. Fritz soon finds himself thrown into a complicated plot involving crooks, hit men, corrupt police and murder."] ['Wide receiver Phil Elliott plays for a 1970s era professional football team based in Dallas, Texas named the North Dallas BullsTELEVISION & FILM HELMETSMovie/TV helmets, which closely resembles the Dallas Cowboys. The aging Elliott is struggling to stay competitive and relies heavily on painkillers. Elliott and popular quarterback Seth Maxwell are outstanding players, but they also characterize the drug-, sex-, and alcohol-fueled party atmosphere of NFL teams of that era. Elliott only wants to play the game, retire, and own a home with his girlfriend Charlotte. The Bulls play for an iconic coach who turns a blind eye to anything that his players may be doing off the field or anything that his assistant coaches and trainers condone to keep those players in the game. As one player finally erupts to a coach: "Every time I call it a game, you call it a business. And every time I call it a business, you call it a game."'] ["Brothers David and Mark McCune are both in love with Dianne Parker, their neighbor who has been living with her mother Hannah since the death of her father when she was 17 years old. Although David treats her better, Dianne falls in love with Mark. They soon marry and it does not take long before she finds out she is pregnant. When her doctor announces that her child will have severe genetic abnormalities, Mark advises her to have an abortion. Dianne refuses, however, and Mark leaves her. Six years later, Dianne is a single mom taking care of her handicapped daughter Julia, with the help of her mother. One day, she meets young Amy Williams, who is growing up in a dysfunctional family. Her father died and her alcoholic mother Tess gets involved with an abusive man, Buddy. Amy, trying to escape from her home life during summer, starts taking care of Julia. They soon befriend each other, which delights Dianne. One day, Buddy, frustrated by the noise he is making, throws Amy's puppy from a bridge into the water. Amy, determined to save him, jumps after him and lands into the hospital. Child services are contacted and it is decided that Amy is not allowed to live with her mother anymore. Buddy has been arrested and Tess, who still loves Amy a lot, is forced to enter rehab if she ever wants to see her daughter again. In the meantime, Amy is taken in by Dianne. Tragedy strikes again when she and Amy are hit by a drunk driver. Amy is not hurt, but Dianne is severely wounded. She is visited in the hospital by Mark, who wants a second chance. After questioning his motives for a while, she decides to forgive him. However, when she notices that he does not care about Julia, who will only have a few months to live, she dumps him. In the end, she accepts a proposal from David. Amy and Tess are reconciled."] ["A motorist witnesses a woman falling or jumping from a tenement building. Police arrive on the scene and find a crucifix and a small metal container . As the investigation continues, it is revealed that the dead woman is Elizabeth Lucy, a prostitute and heroin addict. Suspects in Elizabeth's death are soon murdered one by one, and evidence of occult ritual begins to surface, leading to a confrontation with a cult leader who may be possessed by Satan himself.  The Pyx is told in after Elizabeth's death/before Elizabeth's death sequence which alternates until the film's climax."] ['The film is based on the lifestyle of Adivasis of Attappady at Malleswaram Hills. Slash and burn cultivation practised by the Adivasis suddenly stopped by the Government forcing them to search for new jobs. The hero changes his hair style to suit the times. The courtship dance and traditional songs were depicted in a realistic way.'] ['The movie opens with Emily  singing to her 6-year-old son in a car while attempting to teach him the hand positions on a car steering wheel. During this time the scene keeps cutting back and forth to Emily packing a child’s suitcase. In the car she tells him that they are about to leave on a journey to an amazing land. The scene changes and travels to eight and a half years earlier, during which Emily narrates her story on how she conceived her son Paul. She believed that she had only one purpose, to bring life to this earth. After unsuccessful artificial inseminations, she set out seeking numerous sexual encounters with random men all over the country. She theorized that multiple men meant no father, and she wanted it that way. However, after 10 weeks of pregnancy, she begins to bleed at an airport, losing her child and her hope of ever having a baby. Retreating into a state of depression she takes sanctuary at a hotel during a business seminar, where she meets a man named Paul . They immediately connect and have a passionate night which results in Emily’s second pregnancy. She buys a house and gives birth to a boy, whom she named Paul, after his father. She spends every waking moment with Paul, reading books to him and searching for buried treasure. She playfully nicknames him Loverboy and he calls her Miss Darling. As he gets older he sees other children going to school and he questions Emily why he was not going too. She tries to keep him away from other children as the means to protect him but as the days go by he becomes increasingly difficult as an attempt to get to school and have fun. When she finally succumbs to his requests and lets him go to school, she begins to experience separation anxiety; she constantly tries to pull him out of school and Paul, not appreciating this, runs away. When the staff tries to calm Emily, she breaks down stating that her child is exceptional and school is diminishing his potential. Back in the car, Paul loses his first tooth and Emily makes him sleep in the car, after which she takes a bottle of pills and falls asleep with the car engine running. Emily had blocked the garage door with rags as an attempt to suffocate her and Paul believing that this was the only way they could be forever together. In the morning the boy who mows the lawn finds Paul and he survives. Emily, however, does not. In the end, Paul is older and in a field with his girlfriend whispering into the ears of the sheep just as he and his mother used to do.'] ['It\'s a week after the rapture and the millions of people who vanished into thin air are still missing. Chaos rules the world as panic and grief-stricken survivors continue to search for their lost loved-ones. Suicide rates are skyrocketing, businesses and homes are being looted, and martial law is in effect. A desperate world looks to the leadership and guidance of UN Secretary General Nicolae Carpathia, the only person offering any answers, hope, and plans to restore peace and order. While Carpathia has the world\'s adoration and trust, he is seemingly unaware of a small group of rebels spreading the truth that he is in fact the Antichrist. Buck Williams  is a highly respected television journalist who has seen firsthand Carpathia\'s manipulative and deadly powers. His position allows him special access to a global audience through the media and to Carpathia himself. Airline pilot Rayford Steele ([[Brad Johnson  and his 20-year-old daughter, Chloe , make up the rest of this group. Ray is still struggling to come to grips with the loss of his wife and son, but his recent salvation and friendship with Pastor Barnes have brought him back to the church and closer to his feisty daughter. Ivy Gold, Buck\'s assistant from the first movie, comes into the GNN headquarters and they go to Buck\'s apartment so they can work on the story of the vanishings. As the Tribulation Force struggles to open the eyes of the world to the truth, Global events get even stranger when word leaks out that three men have mysteriously burned to death at one of the holiest sites in Israel: the Western Wall. At the same time, Rabbi Ben Judah, one of the leading religious scholars of his time, plans to make a world-altering announcement based on years of research. Pastor Barnes believes both events are linked to Carpathia, signaling the oncoming terror of The Tribulation. He acts quickly by getting Ray and Buck to embark on a dangerous mission to infiltrate Carpathia\'s organization. They must get to Ben Judah before he makes his announcement. Buck is going to the Wailing Wall to get the witness on tape, but Steve Plank tries to talk him out of it. Bruce wants Rayford to join Carpathia\'s staff as the pilot of the new plane that the US government gave to Nicolae. Rayford initially turns down the mission. Rayford, while grieving about his family, receives a call from Chris . He goes to Chris\' apartment, and saves Chris\' life and soul because Chris wanted to commit suicide. Rayford then accepts Bruce\'s mission, to spy on Nicolae. Chloe is concerned for Buck and Rayford, but Buck starts to care for Chloe. Rayford then heads to Hattie to try and fly the plane. Initially, Hattie is suspicious of Rayford , but Rayford convinces her that he is the right man for the job. Meanwhile, Chloe goes to Bruce and asks about relationships during this time of chaos. She then goes to Buck\'s apartment where she sees Ivy Gold, Buck\'s assistant. Ivy blows Chloe off, thinking that she is just some star-struck fan of Buck\'s. Buck tries to call the Steele\'s house, but Chloe doesn\'t want to chat with him. When Rayford finally picks up the phone, he uses a bit of deception to have Buck meet with Chloe. When Buck leaves his apartment, he is taken to the roof of his building where he has a meeting with Nicolae. Buck is granted access to the Wailing Wall, and he goes to meet with Chloe. Chloe first blows him off, but some deception from Rayford gets them to talk. Buck and Chloe make up and start a relationship. Rayford and Buck then leave for Israel. Meanwhile, Ivy starts to visit Chloe at the church, initially to apologize for her behavior, and then later because she starts to become friends with Chloe and Bruce. Nicolae then ups the security at the Wailing Wall; and, with the help of Steve Plank, they create a "One World" religion. At the airport before leaving for Israel, Buck and Chloe share some time together. Rayford tells Chloe that he will watch over Buck. On the airplane, Rayford attempts to find some solid evidence about Nicolae. He finds some information on a computer pertaining to Rabbi Ben-Judah. While obtaining the evidence, Nicolae comes in and congratulates Rayford on being the pilot. As Rayford hands Nicolae their ETA, he sees a vision that disturbs him. When on the ground in Israel, Rayford shows the email he downloaded from Nicolae\'s computer to Buck. They realize that the conversation about Ben-Judah was about the speech he was going to give. Steve and Nicolae changed the speech because Ben-Judah was going to announce Jesus as the Son of God. Instead, because of the new changes, Ben-Judah is going to announce Nicolae as the Messiah. Buck goes to meet Rabbi Tsion Ben-Judah. He asks the Rabbi to come and discredit the witnesses, and prove that Nicolae is the messiah. He agrees. Nicolae puts added security on the wall, and Rayford and Buck pray to God to help the get message out. They go to the Wailing Wall to meet the two witnesses. Rayford distracts the guards  and Buck and Ben-Judah slip through to confront the two men. Ben-Judah chats with the two men and learn about Jesus. They are attacked by UN guards and the two witnesses breathe fire at their attackers and they die. During the broadcast, Nicolae cuts the feed right in the middle of the Ben-Judah/Two Witnesses confrontation. Buck then learns that the broadcast got cut and Ben-Judah ran off. Ivy comes to the church to give Chloe some food, and witnesses Chloe ministering to a severely burned fireman who then passes away. Ivy hugs Chloe, and states that the fireman was at peace. Chloe remarks that he found God. Nicolae comes to the Temple Mount and speaks to the masses. Rabbi Ben-Judah then comes to the Temple Mount and starts giving his speech. Nicolae, along with his advisors, watch the broadcast. Rayford, in the cockpit, asks the copilot to take over. He then goes out and pulls the fuse to stop Nicolae from ruining the broadcast. Rabbi Ben-Judah then gives the speech about Jesus being the messiah, and how he needs to be forgiven. Nicolae then orders the broadcast to be cut. In Chicago; Ivy, Chloe and Bruce are watching, with Ivy crying. When the broadcast is cut, Ivy is stunned but Chloe leads her to Jesus with Bruce praying with them. In Israel, Ben-Judah\'s announcement leaves the crowd mixed. Buck asks Ben-Judah if he will be ok, Ben-Judah states that Buck helped millions learn the truth. Back in the cockpit of the airplane, Rayford hangs up pictures of his wife and son. He is finally at peace about their disappearing. Carpathia, filled with rage, tells God that it is his time to rule the Earth. Back in Chicago at the New Hope church, Bruce is leading worship. Ivy, Chris, Rayford and Chloe are singing a hymn  when Buck enters. Buck hugs everyone as they continue to sing.'] ['The story centers on an emotionally challenged man named Bobby . He runs away from home in order to escape his abusive stepfather , nicknamed "The Fat", who had killed Bobby\'s pet mouse and, as Bobby puts it, screamed at his mother until she died as a result. He finds himself in woodlands near Cornwall in England, eventually meeting an old man after being involved in a car accident . Mr. Summers, as the man calls himself, spends his time traveling and giving burials to animals that have been killed by cars, a task he refers to as "The Work". Bobby, also having an affinity for animals, becomes friends with the old man and aids him in his task. Eventually, the pair return to London to confront "The Fat".'] ['Early morning in 1692 Salem, Massachusetts, some young village girls meet in the woods with a Barbadian slave named Tituba . One of the girls, Abigail Williams , kills a chicken and drinks the blood, wishing for John Proctor\'s wife to die. They are surprised by Abigail\'s uncle, Reverend Samuel Parris , who discovers them. As the girls run away, Parris\' daughter, Betty , falls over unconscious. Parris questions Abigail about the events that took place in the woods; Betty will not awaken, nor will Ruth , the daughter of Thomas and Ann Putnam , who was also dancing. This strikes Mrs. Putnam hard as she has had seven other children before Ruth who died at childbirth. The Parris house is also visited by Giles Corey , who suspects that the children are just acting their sicknesses, and John Proctor , with whom Abigail had an affair and whose wife she wants dead. Abigail still loves Proctor, but Proctor feels that he made a mistake and leaves her. The Putnams and Reverend Parris believe that Betty and Ruth are demonically possessed, so they call Reverend John Hale  from Beverly, to examine Betty. To save herself and the other girls from punishment, Abigail claims that Tituba was working with the devil. After a brutal whipping, Tituba confesses to being a witch. Struck by their newfound power, the other girls begin naming other women whom they "saw" with the devil. One of these is Elizabeth Proctor , John Proctor\'s wife. John, determined not to give his lover her vengeance, insists that his servant, Mary Warren , one of the "afflicted" girls, testify in court that the witchcraft was faked. Although Mary Warren is frightened of Abigail, she eventually agrees. In the court, Francis Nurse gives a list of names of people who vouch for the accused; in response, the judges order that all on the list be arrested and brought in for questioning. Giles Corey insists that when Ruth Putnam accused Rebecca Nurse , Mr. Putnam was heard to tell his daughter that she had won him a "fine gift of land" . Corey refuses to give the name of the person who heard this remark, and the judges order Corey\'s arrest. Meanwhile, Mary Warren insists that she only thought she saw spirits. John is told that Elizabeth is pregnant and will be spared from death until the baby is born, but he insists on charging the girls with false witness. The other girls are called in and asked if they were lying about the witchcraft but cause a commotion, screaming that Mary Warren is putting a spell on them. Proctor, out of pure desperation, confesses to having had an affair with Abigail and that she accused Elizabeth to get rid of her in order to be able to marry him. Elizabeth is called in to see if the accusation is true. However, not knowing that John confessed and wanting to save his reputation, she lies. The girls turn the court further against the Proctors by screaming that Mary Warren is attacking them in the form of a yellow bird. To save herself from being hanged as a witch, Mary Warren accuses John. When asked if he will return to God, John despairingly yells "I say God is dead!" and is arrested as a witch. On the day before John is to be hanged, Abigail attempts to convince the court that Reverend Hale\'s wife is also a witch; this plot backfires on her as the judges believe that a reverend\'s wife is too clean to be possessed by Satan. In time, the girls become outcasts and Abigail steals Reverend Parris\'s money to catch a ship to flee to Barbados, but not before asking John to go with her, telling him she never wished any of this on him. He refuses. On the eve of John\'s hanging, Parris, fearing that his execution will cause riots in Salem directed at him, allows John to meet with Elizabeth to see if she can make her husband "confess" to save his life. John agrees. The judges insist that the confession must be publicly displayed to prove his guilt and to convince others to confess, but John angrily tears up the confession, determined to keep his name pure for his sons. He is taken away to be hanged. Before being hanged, he, Rebecca Nurse and Martha Corey recite the Lord\'s Prayer.'] ['The film centers around Union soldiers escaping in a gas balloon from a Confederate prison camp during the American Civil War. They end up crashing in the ocean, only to find themselves washed up on an unknown island, where gigantic animals abound. They make shelter in the cave home of a marooned sailor who had hanged himself years earlier. It would later be revealed that the animals were the result of experiments by the presumed-dead Captain Nemo to end war by solving the problem of world hunger. He has been an unknown benefactor to the castaways as they struggled to survive on the island. The island\'s volcano threatens to erupt. After a skirmish with pirates the stranded group manages to escape from the island on the pirates\' ship as the volcano destroys the island. The highlights of the film were Ray Harryhausen\'s animation sequences. The different animated "monsters" that the castaways encountered included a monstrous crab, a giant flightless bird , giant bees and a giant cephalopod resembling a prehistoric ammonite.'] ['The film is set in an exclusive beach community on Long Island, where children\'s book author and artist Ted Cole  lives with his wife Marion  and their young daughter Ruth , who usually is supervised by her nanny Alice. Their home is filled with photographs of the couple\'s teenaged sons, who were killed in an automobile accident; the tragedy left Marion deeply depressed and her marriage in shambles. The one shared experience that holds the family together is a ritualistic daily viewing of a home gallery of family photographs of the deceased sons. Ted and Marion temporarily separate, each alternately living in the house and in a rented apartment in town. Ted hires Eddie O\'Hare  to work as his summer assistant and driver, since his own license was suspended for drunk driving. An aspiring writer, Eddie admires Ted, but he soon discovers the older man is a self-absorbed womanizer with an erratic work schedule that leaves the young assistant to fill his time as best he can. Eddie and Marion soon engage in a sexual relationship, which seems not to bother Ted, who is enjoying trysts of his own with local resident Evelyn Vaughn  during sketching sessions at which she serves as his model. When Ruth walks into the room while Eddie and her mother are making love, Ted becomes upset with his wife and advises Eddie he may have to testify about the incident if Ted decides to fight for full custody of the child. Marion eventually leaves Ted and their daughter, taking with her all the photographs and negatives of her dead sons, save one that is being reframed after it was broken, injuring Ruth. Eddie takes the initiative to retrieve the one remaining reframed picture so that Ruth can have at least one partial image of her brothers. Ted confides in Eddie the story of the car accident that caused his sons\' deaths. Ted suggests his and Marion\'s drunkenness and Ted\'s failure to remove snow from the rear tail and turn lights likely contributed their sons\' deaths. Eddie learns more about what may have contributed to Marion\'s intense despair, mental states, and choice to abandon her remaining child. At the end of the film, Ted does not fully understand why Marion left, and he questions, "What kind of mother leaves her daughter?"'] ['Orphan Phillip "Pip" Pirrip  lives with his shrewish older sister and her kind-hearted blacksmith husband, Joe Gargery . One day, Pip runs into an escaped convict, Abel Magwitch , who intimidates the boy into getting him some food and a file for his chains. Magwitch is caught when he attacks a hated fellow escapee, and is taken back to prison. Miss Havisham , an eccentric rich spinster, arranges to have Pip come to her mansion regularly to provide her with company and to play with a cruel but beautiful teenage girl, Estella . Estella mocks Pip\'s coarse manners at every opportunity, but Pip quickly falls in love with her. The visits come to an end when Pip turns 14 and begins his apprenticeship as a blacksmith. Estella also leaves, to learn to become a lady. Six years later Miss Havisham\'s lawyer, Mr. Jaggers , visits Pip  to tell him that a mysterious benefactor has offered to transform him into a gentleman, one with "great expectations"; Pip assumes it is Miss Havisham. He is taken to London, where Mr. Jaggers arranges for Pip to stay with Herbert Pocket , who will teach him how to behave like a gentleman. From Herbert, Pip learns that Miss Havisham was left at the altar many years ago; she is determined to avenge herself against all men, and Estella is her instrument to break men\'s hearts. After Pip turns 21, Joe Gargery comes to visit him, bringing a request from Miss Havisham to visit her. There he is delighted to be reunited with Estella , who tells him, "You must know, Pip, I have no heart." Estella and Pip spend much time together. She confesses to Pip that despite flirting with the wealthy but unpopular Bentley Drummle, she has absolutely no feelings for him. Pip suddenly receives another visitor from the past, Magwitch, who reveals that he is Pip\'s patron. Pip, who always imagined that Miss Havisham was responsible for his good fortune, now realizes that she was only using him. Growing suspicious of Drummle\'s overtures toward Estella, Pip visits Estella at the old woman\'s house, where she tells him that she is going to marry Drummle. Pip confronts Miss Havisham, saying "I am as unhappy as you could have ever meant me to be." Miss Havisham, finally realizing what she has done after seeing the crushed expression on Pip\'s face, begs his forgiveness. Pip leaves, but when she stands up to follow him, a piece of flaming wood from the fireplace rolls out and ignites Miss Havisham\'s dress. Her screams alert Pip, who runs back to find her in flames. Pip tries to save her, but is too late. After being warned that an old enemy  knows that Magwitch is in London, Pip makes preparations to smuggle the old man onto a packet boat and accompany him to the continent. Pip, Herbert and Magwitch row out to the packet boat, but are intercepted by the waiting police, tipped off by Magwitch\'s great enemy. Magwitch is seriously injured in a struggle with his nemesis. He had spoken to Pip of his lost daughter, and Pip\'s suspicion that she is Estella is confirmed by Mr. Jaggers. Pip visits the dying Magwitch and tells him of her fate, and that he, Pip, is in love with her; Magwitch passes away, a contented man. Stricken by illness and with his expectations gone, Pip is taken home and nursed back to health by Joe Gargery. He revisits Miss Havisham\'s deserted house, where he finds Estella. Her plans for the future have also gone awry, as Drummle had broken off their engagement after Mr. Jaggers informed him of her true parentage. Learning that Estella plans to live in seclusion in the house, which she has inherited, Pip proceeds to tear down the curtains and force open the boarded-up windows; for the first time in years sunlight illuminates the room, revealing cobwebs, dust, and decay. Pip tells Estella that he has never stopped loving her. After hesitating, she embraces him and they leave the house together.'] ['The film focusses on the life of Jeannie, a woman from the upper classes of society, and her story of adapting to life in the outback of Australia. Following her marriage to Aeneas Gunn who has just bought a 1 million acre cattle station near Mataranka, called Elsey Station, Jeannie follows him from Melbourne in 1902. Some of the drovers were unhappy at first because they believed that the bush is no place for a white woman. As such, they were both wary of her and made fun of her when both her and her husband arrived. However, Jeannie was determined to prove them wrong. While her husband was away with the other men herding the cattle, Jeannie begins making friends with the Aboriginal people. Her husband and the other white men treated the local people  as inferior to them, often regarding them as lazy, indifferent, and unreliable. Jeannie however is sympathetic, often giving them food, or trying to stop domestic disputes. Later, Aeneas goes on a cattle muster, and asks Jeannie to come along, which she does gladly. However the trip is difficult for her, riding side-saddle, and she is nearly attacked by a rogue bull. However, as time passes, things improve at the station - the house is expanded, a new Chinese cook arrives, a garden is planted, and her belongings finally arrive from Melbourne. But boredom sets in as she assumes her place - that of the station master\'s wife. She is asked not to help a feverish yet dying man, or to interfere with the balance of things, or to give the Aboriginal people goods meant for the working men. As a result, she spends more time with the locals, since she longs to learn and understand more about their ways. Jeannie even takes a semi-orphaned mixed-heritage child called Bett-Bett under her wing, much to the dismay of her husband. Over time Jeannie gains the respect of the Aboriginal people and they slowly open up to her. At one point, Goggle Eye, an elder Aboriginal male, allows her to watch an Aboriginal dance. The stockmen however interrupt the "heathen" dance, shooting and shouting "God save King George". Later, Bett-Bett goes on walkabout, and Goggle Eye becomes ill and feverish, believing that he has been affected by a singing curse, and passes away. The stockmen feel some mixed remorse, acknowledging their role in his death. Soon it is Christmas and the Aboriginal people are treated a little better after what happened. In the spirit of Christmas, many of the provisions are given away, and a large traditional Christmas meal is prepared for the westerners. It is here that Aeneas announces his intention, after their first year, to stay on at the station. Just when Jeannie thinks she is accustomed to the life in the harsh outback, Aeneas also becomes feverish and dies, leaving her alone on the station. However, Bett-Bett returns from walkabout, and asks to stay with her in the house.'] ['In 1942, a young Scot, Charlotte Gray, travels to London to take a job as a medical receptionist for a Harley Street doctor. On the train, a man enters her compartment and chats with her, asking questions about her life and expressing interest that she is fluent in French. He gives her his card with the date, time and address of a book launch. Social life in London is in full swing and her friends convince her to go. She soon meets RAF Flight Lieutenant Peter Gregory, but is interrupted by Richard Cannerley, the older man from the train, who urges her to meet some of his acquaintances and asks her to contact him when she leaves. The volatile nature of life at the time is epitomised when Charlotte and Peter quickly get involved. As they talk about the war and bravery, Charlotte confides that she thinks Cannerley wants her to try out for some secret organisation. Peter tells her not to get involved. With his leave over, he is to take part in operations over France for the next few weeks. Charlotte joins the SOE and is seconded to FANY with the rank of Driver. She completes her initial training and is on leave when she learns that Gregory\'s plane has gone down and he is "missing in action". Charlotte signs up for operations in France and is dropped in with two men. She lands out of the zone, because of two boys on the ground playing with flashlights. They run away, half thinking she\'s an angel. Her mission is to complete a test run; a handover of some radio valves. Her cover immediately is close to being blown, as the contact for the handover is taken by the police in front of her. Her main resistance contact, Julien, reassigns her to act as a friend of his and housekeeper to his father, Levade, an aging and no longer inspired painter. He has taken in two Jewish children, André and Jacob, after their parents were arrested. As time progresses, the film reveals that the parents were deported to Poland, and the Vichy French government is cooperating in the steadily growing oppression of the Jews in France. Gray participates in a resistance action of blowing up a train bearing tanks and armaments. The Nazis bring their own forces and tanks to the village, to crush the resistance in the area. Gray is told by her SOE contact that Gregory died after being shot down and she grieves for him. A Vichy official arrives from Paris to work with the Germans and local villagers to ensure the quota for a roundup of Jews is met. The schoolmaster Renech follows Gray and learns that Levade is hiding the children. He threatens Gray with reporting the boys to the Nazis unless she agrees to become his "friend". That night, the Germans surprise Julien\'s group and kill them all. Believing Charlotte betrayed them, he confronts her the next day at his father\'s house. Soon after, the Germans, with Renech and the Vichy official, arrive at Levade\'s place. They ask for his papers and interview him about his Jewish ancestry . Away from the main room, Renech threatens Julien, saying either his father or the boys must be given up. Julien returns and states that both his father and, thus he have Jewish ancestry ; his father understands that he is trying to protect the boys. The officials say that Julien does not qualify, as he has more French ancestry than his father. They take Levade to the prison camp/transfer station, where people are being gathered for deportation to camps in eastern Europe. Renech betrays the boys anyway, and they are captured by the Nazis, with Charlotte failing to intercept them. Julien locates Renech and murders him in retaliation. He then decides to go to southern France and perhaps escape to fight elsewhere. He asks Charlotte to go with him, but she says she has to stay. Evading French police, she writes a paper and takes it to the station where Jews are being loaded into cattle cars. People from the village run alongside the cars, searching for their loved ones. Hearing the boys and Levade, she pushes the paper between the boards of their car. Levade reads what is revealed as a letter ostensibly from the boys\' parents, encouraging them and reminding them of their love. Charlotte leaves France through a pickup by the SOE. After the end of the war, she is contacted in London by Peter Gregory, who had been in hiding but survived being shot down. She says things have changed; she grieved for him and can\'t return to their relationship. At the end of the film, Charlotte returns to France and to Julien. Though the film suggests Julien\'s father and the boys are doomed, the book is explicit that they die in a concentration camp.'] ["With flashbacks, Connie Doyle's  early life is given to give us an idea of her mindset. At 18, she meets womanizer Steve DeCunzo , moves in with him and winds up pregnant. When she informs him of the fact, he kicks her out, denying responsibility. Destitute, Connie has nowhere to go, and, trying to find a shelter, gets inadvertently swept aboard a train at Grand Central Terminal. With no ticket, and no money with which to buy one, Connie is rescued by Hugh Winterbourne and taken to his private compartment. There, she meets his wife, Patricia, who is also pregnant. When the train crashes, Connie is mistaken for Patricia because she is wearing Patricia's wedding band, which has Patricia and Hugh's names engraved on the inside. She wakes up in the hospital, no longer pregnant, and learns that Patricia and Hugh both died in the crash. Seeing the wrong name on the wristband on her child, Connie thinks the hospital has messed up until she sees the wedding band still on her finger. Once she realizes what has happened she tries to explain the situation, but is prevented from doing so by the nurses who believe she is just hysterical. Eventually, she meets Hugh's mother, Grace , who has a bad heart. Afraid of making her ill, and with nowhere else to go, Connie believes it is the best thing for her and her baby to accept the woman's offer and go to Grace's home. At the Winterbourne house, Connie meets Bill , Hugh's identical twin brother. When the initial shock wears off, she nervously begins her new life. This life is one she never expected to be a part of. The world is very different, and she finds it difficult to adjust to the high society position she is now required to shoulder. Bill is a bit wary of Connie, and questions her identity, believing she is after the family's money. He investigates things on his own, learning her real identity. They spend the day walking around Boston, and begin to bond. Later that night, perhaps because of his growing feelings for her, Bill prepares to expose Connie when he learns that Grace plans to change her will to include Connie and baby Hughie, but changes his mind when Connie becomes upset and begs Grace not to include her and Hughie in the will. Connie's protests make Grace want to include them even more. Afterward, a drunk Paco demands that Bill and Connie dance a tango. They do so and end up sharing several kisses. Connie bonds with Grace, and feeling guilty for taking advantage of her kindness, decides to leave with Hughie. Bill discovers her packing and attempts to convince her to stay, including proposing to her. He tells her to think about it overnight and give him her answer the next day. Connie decides to run away anyway. Paco, the family's chauffeur, follows her to the train station, tells her about his own shady past, and makes her realize she and the baby are just as valuable to Grace as Grace is to them. She returns home to find Grace has had a heart attack because of her absence, and decides to let things go and marry Bill as Patricia Winterbourne. Steve discovers Connie's good fortune, and tries to blackmail her. In the confusion that ensues, Steve is shot. Bill and Connie flee the scene, and think each one is the one who shot Steve. It is then that Bill reveals that he knows Connie's true identity, and that he loves her anyway. Both believe they are home free, until their wedding day. When the priest tells Bill and Connie that Grace is confessing to the murder, both of them hurry to her side and confess to the murder themselves. Shocked, the police tell them they already have the murderer in custody, and it is not any of them, it was the woman Steve started seeing after dumping Connie. Like Connie, Steve had gotten her pregnant and abandoned her. The police only came to question about the check Connie had written out to Steve. Connie confesses the whole story to Grace, who says she'll get over it, adding that she'd like more grandchildren. The wedding goes ahead as planned, and Bill presents Connie with a wedding ring with their names engraved on the inside, just like the real Patricia's ring."] ['Michael O\'Hara  meets the beautiful blonde Elsa  as she rides a horse-drawn coach in Central Park. Three hooligans waylay the coach. Michael rescues Elsa and escorts her home. Michael reveals he is a seaman and learns Elsa and her husband, disabled criminal defense attorney Arthur Bannister , are newly arrived in New York City from Shanghai. They are on their way to San Francisco via the Panama Canal. Michael, attracted to Elsa despite misgivings, agrees to sign on as an able seaman aboard Bannister\'s yacht. They are joined on the boat by Bannister\'s partner, George Grisby , who proposes that Michael "murder" him in a plot to fake his own death. He promises Michael $5,000 and explains that since he wouldn\'t really be dead and since there would be no corpse, Michael couldn\'t be convicted of murder  Michael agrees, intending to use the money to run away with Elsa. Grisby has Michael sign a confession.  On the eve of the crime, Sydney Broome, a private investigator who has been following Elsa on her husband\'s orders, confronts Grisby. Broome has learned of Grisby\'s plan to actually murder Bannister, frame Michael, and escape by pretending to have also been murdered. Grisby shoots Broome and leaves him for dead. Unaware of what has happened, Michael proceeds with the night\'s arrangement and sees Grisby off on a motorboat before shooting a gun into the air to draw attention to himself. Meanwhile, Broome, injured but alive, asks Elsa for help. He warns her that Grisby intends to kill her husband. Michael calls to inform Elsa but finds Broome on the other end of the line. Broome warns Michael that Grisby was setting him up. Michael rushes to Bannister\'s office in time to see Bannister is alive but that the police are removing Grisby\'s body from the premises. The police find evidence implicating Michael, including his confession, and take him away. At trial, Bannister acts as Michael\'s attorney. He feels he can win the case if Michael pleads justifiable homicide. During the trial, Bannister learns of his wife\'s relationship with Michael. He ultimately takes pleasure in his suspicion that they will lose the case. Bannister also indicates that he knows the real killer\'s identity. Before the verdict, Michael escapes by feigning a suicide attempt. Elsa follows. She and Michael hide in a Chinatown theater. Elsa calls some Chinese friends to meet her. As Michael and Elsa wait and pretend to watch the show, Michael realizes that she had killed Grisby. Elsa\'s Chinese friends arrive and take Michael, unconscious, to an abandoned Fun House. When he wakes, he realizes that Grisby and Elsa had been planning to murder Bannister and frame him for the crime, but that Broome\'s involvement ruined the scheme and obliged Elsa to kill Grisby for her own protection. The film features a surreal climactic shootout in a hall of mirrors, the Magic Mirror Maze, in which Elsa is mortally wounded and Bannister is killed. Heartbroken, Michael leaves presuming that events which have unfolded since the trial will clear him of any crimes.'] ["The film takes place in the present, when two newlywed couples are enjoying a charter boat cruise through the Caribbean. Passing through a bizarre storm, they emerge off the shore of the mysterious island of Caprona. The island, which seems to exist within a time void inside the Bermuda Triangle, is full of anachronistic inhabitants, including dinosaurs and a crew of a stranded German U-Boat. The newlyweds, along with the charter boat's captain and the Germans, must battle a variety of obstacles to escape the island and get back to their own time. At first the plan is to rescue a woman named Karen from the Germans and then take their boat away, but their guides Jude and Conrad betray them and steal the boat, leaving them to the Germans. Eventually, the captain convinces the Germans for them to work together to get off the island and they are able to free the U-Boat and make diesel fuel from oil on the island. Unfortunately, Frost is left behind as he can't get to the sub in time and his wife Karen joins him on the island again. The sub gets away, but it is unclear if it ever returned to civilization. Frost writes down his story and puts in a thermos and throws it in the ocean. He and Karen have found a life on the island and Karen is pregnant."] ['{{Plot}} The film is set in a world where a person\'s soul resides outside their body in an animal-like form called a Dæmon. A dictatorial organization called the Magisterium exercises power in the secular world. Lyra Belacqua, an orphan of Jordan College along with her dæmon Pantalaimon , spins tales of the Gobblers, whom she and her friends believe are snatching children. Forced to hide in a closet, Lyra learns that her uncle Lord Asriel is about to present a proposal to the master and scholars of Jordan College. She listens when the Master and Scholars come in to view a slide of Asriel\'s. Asriel presents evidence that particles called "Dust" exist. Over the objections of the Magisterium, the college funds Asriel\'s expedition to the far north to investigate the Dust. He believes it originates in a parallel universe and enters a person\'s body via their dæmon. The Magisterium has secretly been experimenting on children to discover a way to inoculate them against its influences. At dinner Lyra meets Mrs. Coulter, who insists on taking Lyra north as her assistant. Before Lyra leaves, the master of the college entrusts her with the only remaining alethiometer . This device, he tells her, reveals the truth. The Magisterium has destroyed all the others; he warns her to tell no one she has it. Lyra accepts the gift, promising to keep it hidden. At Mrs. Coulter\'s house, Lyra mentions \'space dust\'. Mrs. Coulter warns her never to mention it again. Lyra refuses to remove her shoulder bag because it holds the alethiometer. Mrs. Coulter\'s dæmon attacks Pan, causing Lyra to give in. After hiding the alethiometer under her pillow, Lyra and Pan search Mrs. Coulter\'s secret room, where they discover that Mrs. Coulter is head of the General Oblation Board, the "Gobblers", who have been kidnapping local children. She also discovers that her best friend Roger and her Gyptian friend Billy have been taken by the Gobblers. Hearing Mrs. Coulter call out for her, Lyra and Pan meet her in a hallway. Running to her bedroom, they see Mrs. Coulter\'s dæmon holding the alethiometer. Changing into a hawk, Pan swoops down, grabs the alethiometer, and flies out of an open window. Lyra escapes behind him, slamming the window on Mrs. Coulter\'s dæmon. The "Gobblers" pursue her, but she is saved by some Gyptians. Aboard a Gyptian boat heading north to rescue their children, Lyra shows the alethiometer to a Gyptian wise man, Farder Coram, who advises her in its use. On deck that night Serafina Pekkala, the witch queen, tells Lyra that the missing children are in a place called Bolvangar&nbsp;— a place shunned by all living things. Mrs. Coulter sends two mechanical spy flies after Lyra and Pan; one is batted away but the other is caught and sealed in a tin can by Farder Coram, who explains that the spy fly has a sting with a sleeping poison. At a Norwegian port, Lyra is befriended by a cowboy aeronaut named Lee Scoresby, who advises her to hire an armoured bear. Exiled in shame, the giant polar bear Iorek Byrnison has been tricked out of his armour by the local townspeople, for whom he now performs menial jobs for buckets of whisky. Using the alethiometer Lyra tells Iorek where to find his armour. Armoured again, the fearsome Iorek and his friend Lee Scoresby join the trek northward. That night while riding on Iorek\'s back, Lyra finds a cowering Billy separated from his dæmon. Lyra reunites Billy with his mother just as the group is attacked by Samoyeds who capture Lyra. Taken to the armoured bear king Ragnar, Lyra tricks him into fighting Iorek one on one. After killing Ragnar, King Iorek carries Lyra near Bolvangar, to a thin ice bridge. Reaching the station, Lyra is taken to eat with the missing children. While hiding again Lyra discovers that the Magisterium scientists, under the guidance of Mrs. Coulter, are performing experiments to sever the bond between a child and their dæmon in a process known as intercision. Caught spying, Lyra and Pan are thrown in the intercision chamber, causing them to scream in agony and eventually faint. Mrs. Coulter rescues Lyra and takes her and Pan to her quarters. When Lyra wakes up she is comforted by Mrs. Coulter, who tells Lyra that she is her mother. Lyra then guesses that Lord Asriel is her father. When Mrs. Coulter asks for the alethiometer, Lyra gives her the can containing the spy fly. The spy fly stings Mrs. Coulter, knocking her and her daemon out. Lyra runs to the room with the intercision machine and toggles the switches and dials wide open. The growing chain reaction builds as Lyra yanks a control box loose and hurls it into the intercision machine, causing it to explode. This sets off a series of explosions that tear the facility apart. As alarms whoop, Mrs. Coulter is found and carried outside. Outside, the children are attacked by Tartar mercenaries and their wolf dæmons. The battle is joined by Iorek, the Gyptians, and a band of flying witches led by Serafina Pekkala. The Tartars are defeated and the children are rescued. Rather than returning south, Lyra, Roger and Iorek fly north with Lee Scoresby in search of Lord Asriel. Unaware that he is in mortal danger, Lord Asriel has set up a laboratory to investigate the glowing Dust from another world, but Lyra is certain that, once she delivers the alethiometer to her father, the two of them will be able to make things right.'] ['Hasari Pal  is a rural farmer who moves to Calcutta with his wife  and three children in search of a better life. The Pals don\'t get off to a very good start: They are cheated out of their rent money and thrown out on the streets, and it\'s difficult for Hasari to find a job to support them. But the determined family refuses to give up and eventually finds its place in the poverty-stricken city. Meanwhile, on the other end of Calcutta, disillusioned Texas doctor Max Lowe  has arrived in search of spiritual enlightenment after the loss of a patient but encounters misfortune as soon as he arrives. After being tricked by a young prostitute, he is roughed up by thugs and left bleeding in the street without his documents and valuable possessions. Hasari comes to Max\'s aid and takes the injured doctor to the "City of Joy," a slum area populated with lepers and poor people that becomes the Pals\' new home and the American\'s home away from home. Max spends a lot of time in the neighborhood, but he doesn\'t want to become too involved with the residents because he is afraid of becoming emotionally attached to them. He soon, however, is coaxed into helping his new-found friends by a strong-willed Irish woman , who runs the local clinic. Eventually, Max begins to fit in with his fellow slum-dwellers and become more optimistic. There are many around him whose lives are much worse, but they look on each day with a hope that gives new strength to the depressed doctor.'] ['Kill the Poor begins with a fire in the apartment of tough guy Carlos DeJesus and his troublemaking son Segundo. The screenplay then focuses on the other tenants of the rundown building in an attempt to determine who set the blaze. The other principles are: * Joe Peltz, a young man who ignored his uncle\'s warnings to bring his wife Annabelle and their young child into the neighborhood where his Jewish grandparents had their start in America; * Spike, an aspiring found-object sculptor; * Delilah, a flamboyant gay man; * Butch, a presumptuous graduate student; * Scarlet, the tenement\'s resident floozy; * Negrito, a fixture in the neighborhood. A shared distrust of Carlos and Segundo unites this eclectic group and prompts them to hold "co-op" meetings with one goal: eviction of Carlos and Segundo DeJesus.'] ["Seeking material for his fictional exposé of a criminal psychic, novelist Charles Condomine  invites eccentric medium Madame Arcati  to his home in Lympne, Kent, to conduct a séance. As Charles, his wife of five years, Ruth , and their guests the Bradmans restrain their laughter, Madame Arcati performs peculiar rituals and speaks with a propensity for clichés. Upon its conclusion, Arcati obviously is concerned about an unexpected turn the session has taken, although the author and his guests are dubious anything extraordinary occurred. Unknown to everyone, Madame Arcati has accidentally summoned the spirit of Charles' first wife Elvira  during the séance, whose voice Charles can now hear, and Arcati faints during her trance. After Madame Arcati and the Bradmans have left, and Ruth has retired for the night, Elvira takes visual form. Charles, who is the only person capable of seeing Elvira, becomes both dismayed and amused by her sudden and unexpected presence. Complications ensue when Ruth becomes aware of the presence of the ghost; Elvira behaves as a poltergeist. Eventually, the author’s fascination wanes &mdash; especially when he learns Elvira has been plotting his early demise. But the spirit miscalculates and ends up dispatching Ruth instead, after which Charles is haunted by both wives. Though initially unable to help, and offended when Ruth tells her of Charles' motives, Madame Arcati uncovers a means to rid his household of both spirits. She appears to be successful, with the aid of the maid Edith, who turns out to be psychic and can see both deceased women. It soon becomes obvious one or both spirits have remained in the house. He quickly decides to escape the premises, but the plot to bring Charles into the spirit world has continued; his escape fails and he joins Elvira and Ruth as a spirit."] ['On a moonlit, tropical night, the native workers are asleep in their outdoor barracks. A shot is heard; the door of a house opens and a man stumbles out of it, followed by a woman who calmly shoots him several more times, the last few while standing over his body. The woman is Leslie Crosbie , the wife of a British rubber plantation manager in Malaya; the man whom she shot her manservant recognizes as Geoff Hammond , a well-regarded member of the European community. Leslie tells the servant to send for her husband Robert , who is working at one of the plantations. Her husband returns, having summoned his attorney and a British police inspector. Leslie tells them that Geoff Hammond "tried to make love to me" and that she killed him to save her honor. Leslie is placed under arrest and put in jail in Singapore to await trial for murder; that she killed a man makes such a trial inevitable, even though the white community accepts her story and believes she acted heroically. Only her attorney, Howard Joyce , is rather suspicious. Howard\'s suspicions seem justified when his clerk, Ong Chi Seng , shows him a copy of a letter Leslie wrote to Hammond the day she killed him, telling him that her husband would be away that evening, and pleading with him to come--implicitly threatening him if he did not come. Ong Chi Seng tells Howard that the original letter is in the possession of Hammond\'s widow , a Eurasian woman who lives in the Chinese quarter of town. The letter is for sale, and Ong himself, whom Howard had believed to be impeccable, stands to receive a substantial cut of the price. Howard then confronts Leslie with the damning evidence and she breaks down and confesses to Hammond\'s cold-blooded killing. Yet Leslie cleverly manipulates the attorney into agreeing to buy back the letter, even though in doing so he will risk his own freedom. Because the couple\'s bank account is in Robert\'s name, Howard obtains Robert\'s consent to buy the letter, but he does so deceitfully, lying about and trivializing its content, leaving out the true circumstances, and giving the man no idea that the price is equivalent to almost all the money he has in the bank. Robert, depicted as a decent man thoroughly in love with Leslie and somewhat gullible, is readily persuaded. Hammond\'s widow demands that Leslie come personally to hand over the $10,000 for the letter  and requires Leslie to debase herself by picking up the letter at the widow\'s feet. With the letter suppressed, Leslie is easily acquitted. During a celebration after the trial, when Robert announces that he plans to draw his savings out of his account in order to buy a rubber plantation in Sumatra, Howard and Leslie are forced to tell him that his savings are gone, that the impact of the letter would have hanged Leslie and its price was accordingly high. After demanding to see the letter, Robert is devastated to learn from Leslie that Hammond was her lover for years and that she killed him out of jealousy, but he offers to forgive her if she can swear that she loves him. Leslie at first agrees and tells him she loves him, but she then breaks down and confesses, "With all my heart, I still love the man I killed!" In a dazed state after the pressure of the trial and her confrontation with Robert, Leslie wanders out into the moonlight and outside the gate. There she is confronted by Mrs. Hammond and her henchman, a man who had worked for Leslie, a native not seen since the first scene of the film. The henchman overpowers Leslie and Mrs. Hammond stabs her. As the two attempt to silently slip out, they are confronted by a policeman. The clouds blot out the moonlight and darken the area where Leslie was killed; then the clouds open and the moon\'s rays shine where her body lies, but no one is there to see it.'] ['{{Expand section}} Teenager Matt Banting wants to work with a famous but eccentric creature/fx  man, but he gets more than he bargained for when one of the creatures, the giant dragon-like Ultragorgon takes Matt under his wing. Matt is forced to confront his inner monsters while working out his issues with his father.'] ["Browne  is the wealthy reclusive man who enjoys hunting down human beings like wild game. In this adaptation, Browne is transformed into a British traitor, hiding in the Mexican jungle with his fellow Nazi war criminal and brother-in-law, Colonel Von Andre . When their plane is forced to land in Browne's domain, writer Mike Latimer  and reporter Katy Conners  are welcomed as guests. However, when Latimer finally recognizes his host and realizes he and Katy are in danger, he and Katy escape to the jungle with Browne and Von Andre in hot pursuit with their hunting dogs."] ['Tom Wingo , a teacher and football coach from South Carolina, is asked by his mother, Lila, to travel to New York to help his twin sister\'s psychiatrist, Susan Lowenstein , after his sister Savannah\'s  latest suicide attempt. Tom hates New York and reluctantly accepts, but largely to take the opportunity to be alone and away from a life that does not satisfy him. During his initial meetings with Lowenstein, Tom is reluctant to disclose many details of their dysfunctional family\'s secrets. In flashbacks, Tom relates incidents from his childhood to Lowenstein in hopes of discovering how to save Savannah\'s life. The Wingo parents were an abusive father and an overly proud, status-hungry mother. The father was a shrimp boat operator and, despite being successful at that profession, spent all of his money on frivolous business pursuits, leaving the family in poverty. Tom is also torn with his own problems, but hides behind what he calls "the Southern way"; i.e., laughing about everything. For example, his wife Sallie is having an affair and her lover wants to marry her. Tom and Lowenstein begin having feelings for each other. After Tom discovers that she is married to Herbert Woodruff, a famous concert violinist, Lowenstein introduces Tom to her son Bernard, who is being groomed to become a musician as well but who secretly wants to play football. Tom starts coaching Bernard along with attending sessions with Lowenstein to help his sister. Tom discovers that Savannah has been in such a dissociated state that she even had a different identity, Renata Halpern. As Halpern, she wrote books to disguise the Savannah side of her troubled life. Tom confronts Lowenstein over not revealing this information before and they argue, during which she throws a dictionary at him. To apologize, she asks him to dinner and their relationship becomes closer. Tom has a fateful meeting with his mother and stepfather, bringing up painful memories. Tom reveals that, when he was 13 years old, three escaped convicts invaded his home and raped him, along with his mother and sister. His older brother, Luke, killed two of the aggressors with a shotgun, while his mother stabbed the third with a kitchen knife. They buried the bodies beneath the house and never spoke of it again. Tom suffers a mental breakdown, having now let loose a key piece of Savannah\'s troubled life. After a session of football, Herbert orders Bernard to return to his music lessons and prepare to leave for Tanglewood. Tom is invited to a dinner at Lowenstein\'s home, along with poets and intellectuals. Herbert is overtly rude and reveals that Tom\'s sister is in therapy with his wife. Infuriated, Lowenstein voices her suspicions about her husband\'s affairs. Tom takes Herbert\'s "million dollar" violin and threatens to throw it off the balcony unless Herbert apologizes. Tom spends a romantic weekend with Lowenstein at her country house. Savannah recovers and is about to be released from the hospital when Tom realizes that he wants to be closer to his wife and children, despite having fallen in love with someone else. He returns home, but his last thoughts are of Lowenstein.'] ['Undercover officer Nick had spent the last seven years penetrating into the core of a drug ring working his way up from a street dealer post to the managerial position handling cargo deliveries for Kwan - the biggest player in the local heroin market. When the ailing Kwan makes Nick his protégé, Nick cannot help but sway before money and power and starts to perform his role like a real drug trafficker. This, together with his affair with heroin-addict Jane, causes Nick to becomes more and more confused about his true identity, and eventually leads to a disastrous end. The film begins with a scene in a dark isolated rundown apartment building, showing a heroin addict living poorly with her young daughter. The scene then forwards to the perspective of Officer Nick who is suffering from loneliness just after completing an undercover assignment. He recalls the entire story as to what happened and the events to lead to his emptiness.'] [" Idle Tom Ramsay  continually borrows from his hard-working brother George . George later puts up the Ramsay estate for sale so he can buy out his business partner, despite Tom's protests. Shortly afterwards, George is approached by car dealer Philip Cronshaw ([[Peter Graves , who notifies him that Tom has stolen one of his automobiles. To avoid a scandal, George pays for it. However, it was a fraud; Cronshaw and Tom split George's money. While squandering his ill-gotten funds, Tom discovers that Gertrude Wilmot , the third richest woman in the world, is staying at the same seaside resort. He becomes acquainted with her, then  frankly admits that he is a scoundrel attracted to her great wealth. Surprisingly, this approach works and they become engaged. Tom pays George back for all the money he took over the years. When George complains about the injustice of Tom not having to work for his good fortune, Tom mentions that Gertrude is buying the family estate.  English spinster Molly Reid  takes a sea cruise to Jamaica. To the annoyance of the other passengers and the crew, she talks non-stop on the outbound voyage. When the captain ([[Noel Purcell  learns that she will be returning on the same ship, he decides that something must be done to save the sanity of the crew. The ship's doctor  suggests setting her up with a suitor. Pierre , the steward, is ordered to keep Molly occupied. The plan works; the crew's ears are spared, though Molly tells Pierre that she knows he is not in love with her.  In Monte Carlo, Stella  and Syd Cotman  have a very successful nightclub act. She dives from a great height into a small, shallow tank of water. However, a visit by Flora  and Carlo Penezzi ([[Martin Miller  unnerves her. The older Penezzis used to have a similarly dangerous act: Flora was shot out of a cannon. Stella and Syd argue when she refuses to dive a second time each night, forcing Syd to change their contract with the nightclub manager. In desperation, Stella takes their life savings and attempts to win enough at the gambling tables so she can quit, but loses everything. Syd is infuriated when he finds out. With no choice, she goes on with the act, even though she is terrified that she will eventually be killed. When Flora tells Syd how frightened his wife is, he rushes up the tower to stop her. But she, seeing his concern, dives safely into the tank."] ['Queensland sugarcane cutters Roo and Barney spend the off season in Sydney each year, seeing their girlfriends. For sixteen years Roo has spent the summer with barmaid Olive, bringing her a kewpie doll, while Barney romances Nancy. In the seventeenth year, Barney arrives to find that Nancy has married; however Olive has arranged a replacement, manicurist Pearl. Roo has had a bad season, losing his place as head of the cane cutting team to a younger man, Dowd. Barney tries to smooth things over between Roo and Dowd, who falls for Bubba, a girl who has grown up with the cane cutters. Barney leaves to work with Dowd, and Roo proposes to Olive, who declines.'] ['Joseph Svenden is a middle-aged schoolteacher who lives on a farm with his dying mother. In his simple life there are no excitements, even in his long-time relationship with a widow. However, when a 17-year old beauty enrolls in his class, life takes an unexpected turn. She boards her horse in his barn and she then seduces him. They carry on a furtive relationship which leaves him torn between the passion and knowing that he is doing something wrong. When her indescretion starts the inevitable scandal, many different reactions ensue.Carried Away,, IMDB'] ['Elizabeth "Lizzie" Wurtzel is a teenager accepted into Harvard with a scholarship in journalism. She has been raised by her divorced mother since she was two years old, but she misses her father and feels needy and depressed. When she joins the university, she lives with a roommate Ruby and loses her virginity to a man called Noah. Her article for the local column in The Harvard Crimson is awarded by Rolling Stone. Lizzie abuses sex and drugs as her depression worsens; in her anger and misery, she lashes out at those who love her most, ultimately making her problems worse. Her mother sends her to an expensive psychiatric treatment with Dr. Sterling, in spite of having difficulties paying for her medical bills and therapy sessions. After a long period of treatment under medication, and a suicide attempt, Lizzie stabilizes and adjusts to the real world.'] ['This film is a coming of age picture for the four main characters, and how their lives can change over one holiday. The film is set in 1960s Australia. Four orphan boys from a Roman Catholic orphanage in the outback of Australia - Maps, Misty, Spark and Spit - were all born in the month of December, and for their birthday, they are sent on a holiday to the beach to stay with Mr. and Mrs. McAnsh. While there, they meet Fearless, a man who claims to be the risk motorbike rider in the nearby carnival, and his wife, Teresa. Misty, Spark and Spit instantly become closer to Teresa, but Maps, the eldest of the four, is still reluctant to talk to her. He instead finds more fun in spending time with a teenage girl named Lucy, who had come to the beach to stay with her uncle. He often goes up to a place with strange rocks, and meets her there. A few days later, the orphans peek through a window in Fearless\' house to see Teresa undressing, but Misty, being the most religious of the four, throws a rock at the wall to make them go away. Misty runs back to Mr. McAnsh\'s house and looks through the small opening of a door to see someone in the shower, only to find that it is the sickly body of Mrs. McAnsh. They soon realise that she has breast cancer. One night, Misty overhears Fearless talking to his friends about the possibility of adopting one of the orphans. Excited about the opportunity to finally have parents, he keeps it to himself until he decides to reveal it to a priest who has driven to the beach for the orphans\' confessions. The other boys realise that he is taking too long, and once he is finished, they force it out of him with the threat of Spit spitting on him while he is pinned to the ground. Misty, Spark and Spit are eager to compete for the love of the seemingly perfect Fearless and Teresa, but Maps is less than excited, even saying to Lucy, "What\'s the big deal about parents, anyway?" Maps experiences his first kiss with Lucy, and soon loses his virginity to her in one of the caves of the Remarkable Rocks. There, she tells him to promise that he will always remember her as his first. The next day, he goes up to the Remarkable Rocks, only to realise that Lucy is not there. Her uncle tells him that she\'s left the beach to return to her father, and will not be back until next summer. Heartbroken, he goes to the carnival to find Fearless and talk to him, but discovers that he is not a motorbike rider there, and instead cleans up after the animals. Furious that he\'d lied all along, he finds a painting made by Misty of him as the son of Fearless and Teresa, and destroys it. Misty attacks him and hits him with the fragments of the frame he\'d put the painting in, and the bond between the four orphans is broken. Fearless finds Maps in the cave of the Remarkable Rocks, and explains to him what had really happened. It is revealed to the audience that Fearless was formerly a bike rider, and did all of the stunts with Teresa riding in the back. Then, there was an accident that kept Teresa in the hospital for nearly a year, making her unable to have children. That was the reason they had wanted to adopt one of the orphans. Maps returns to the beach and finds out from Spark and Spit that Misty had gone into the water, and was drowning. Maps goes after him despite the fact that he cannot swim. Both he and Misty nearly drown. Underwater, they open their eyes to see a vision of the Virgin Mary, possibly meaning that they are dying. Before they can reach out to it, the two boys are grabbed by Fearless and brought back to the shore. Maps and Misty reconcile with each other and the four are friends again. The next day, the boys are called to Fearless\' and Teresa\'s house for an announcement. There, they reveal the couple is going to adopt Misty. He take leave of his friends and he watches on the front porch with Fearless and Teresa as the three orphans leave and begin playing on some of the rocks. Misty realises that they were his true family all along, and asks Fearless and Teresa if he can stay with them instead. They accept, and he returns home with the orphans. Several decades later, Misty, as an old man, drives to the same beach with Spark and Spit, along with the ashes of Maps, who had died as a priest in Africa helping refugees, and Lucy\'s ring that she gave to him. They let the ashes loose in the wind, remembering their time there.'] ["Gregory Peck, in a role he considered a low-point of his career, plays Captain Richard Lance, a by-the-book West Point graduate who is not very popular with the men under his command. The conflict in the story arises when Captain Lance assigns a popular officer, Lieutenant Holloway, to lead a small group of men while escorting a prisoner to a nearby fort. The prisoner is Tucsos, the leader of a nearby Apache tribe, and the Apaches will stop at nothing to get him back. Lieutenant Holloway ends up dead, and the men at the fort blame Captain Lance. They believe that his decision to assign Lieutenant Holloway to the dangerous mission was a personal one . Lance's standing with the soldiers at the fort only gets worse when he assembles a group of misfit cavalrymen to hold off rampaging Indians at a narrow mountain pass, which is considered to be a suicide mission."] ['A leading British secret agent/assassin returns home to the Channel Islands from a mission in the Caribbean fearing his nerve has gone, and attempts to resign. He is persuaded by his superiors to undergo a final mission and assassinate a defector but the job turns out to be much more complex than he had been led to believe.'] ['In 1957 Detroit, several off-white 1958 Plymouth Fury models are shown lined up on an assembly line. In the middle of the line of cars, a lone bright red and white Fury stands in contrast to the others. The Plymouth\'s malevolent character is established when one worker is injured when the car\'s hood slams shut on his hand while working on the car, and another is apparently choked to death inside after dropping some cigar ash on to one of the seats. 21 years later, in 1978, Arnold "Arnie" Cunningham  is a nerdy teen boy with only one friend, a childhood companion and popular jock named Dennis Guilder ([[John Stockwell . Arnie\'s life begins to change when he gets a confrontation from the school bully Buddy Repperton  who threatens Arnie with a switchblade and gets expelled. Arnie\'s life also begins to change when he buys the rusty red-white Fury from crusty bachelor George LeBay  for $250, even though the vehicle is in serious need of repair. Dennis fruitlessly attempts to dissuade Arnie from purchasing the car , pointing out that the odometer reads over 93,000 miles, which Dennis surmises is likely half the actual total. Enamored, Arnie ignores his friend and hastily writes LeBay a check, and he proceeds to drive home with Dennis following in his blue 1968 Dodge Charger. After his parents refuse to let Arnie park Christine in the family\'s driveway for not informing them that he is going to buy a car, he is forced to store her at a local garage, run by the grouchy Will Darnell . As Arnie begins to restore Christine to her original beauty, Arnie sits behind the wheel and the radio which only seems to play 1950s era rock and roll, begins playing the Johnny Ace song "Pledging My Love", assuring Arnie that his feelings of admiration for Christine are requited. Those in his life notice changes in his attitude and appearance with the more time he spends with the car. Initially shy and timid, Arnie develops a cocky arrogance and has taken on a bit of a sinister appearance; he no longer wears his thick glasses and begins dressing in all black clothing. Dennis\'s concern for his friend deepens when he is informed by George LeBay that Roland\'s  wife died in Christine of carbon monoxide poisoning. George LeBay also reveals that Rolands\'s young daughter had been killed in the car. During a football game, Dennis spies a newly restored Christine and is shocked to see Arnie with Leigh Cabot . The distraction causes him to be hit while leaping for a pass and he is seriously injured by another player, placing him in the hospital. After Buddy sees Arnie in Christine at Dennis\'s football game, he is extremly jealous. The gang follows Arnie back to Will\'s garage, where they severely vandalize and crush the newly restored Christine at night , leaving her totally ruined. Arnie sees the wreck of Christine the next day and is shocked that all the work he put into restoring the car has been destroyed. Although his parents want to buy him a new car as he has become obsessed, Arnie is determined to restore the car again. The next day, as he looks the wreck over, he turns his back and hears metal creaking behind him; he turns and sees that Christine\'s engine is fully restored. Stepping away, Arnie smiles and says, "Okay...show me." Christine\'s headlights flicker on, and she then comes to life and fully restores herself to mint condition. The next night, Christine chases and kills Moochie, a member of Buddy\'s gang, by crushing him against a wall. A few days later at school, Arnie receives a visit from Detective Rudolph Junkins  who suspects that Arnie killed Moochie in a fit of revenge against those who vandalized Christine. However, he is unable to produce adequate proof because even though Christine is badly damaged in the attack on Moochie, she regenerated herself to showroom quality afterward. Christine then seeks out and gruesomely kills individual members of the gang who destroyed her, one by one. The spree climaxes when Christine confronts the last three remaining members of the gang, Don Vandenberg , Richie Trelawney  and Buddy himself, at a service station. Christine pushes Buddy\'s grey 1967 Chevrolet Camaro into Richie, who has sought refuge inside the garage, and its fuel tank ruptures in the collision and gasoline spills onto the floor. Buddy\'s Camaro catches fire which quickly ignites the fuel on the floor, setting the building ablaze and killing Don. Terrified, Buddy flees the station on foot and as a burning Christine gives chase, she runs over the station\'s gas pumps, causing the building to explode. In one of the film\'s more memorable sequences, Christine, still in flames, chases Buddy down and runs him over leaving his burning corpse on the road. After the attacks, Christine returns to the garage and subsequently kills Will Darnell by crushing him against the steering wheel, asphyxiating him. After an incident in which Arnie\'s girlfriend Leigh is almost choked to death by Christine at a drive-in theater, she beseeches Dennis for help. Leigh and Dennis resolve to try and save Arnie, unaware that Christine is unwilling to give up Arnie without a fight. On New Year\'s Eve Dennis and Leigh reason that the only way to stop Christine and save Arnie is to destroy the car. Dennis then says that he is going to Arnie\'s, and Leigh urges him to be careful. After she leaves, Arnie pulls up to Dennis\'s house in Christine, picks him up, and the pair drive off. During the ride to Arnie\'s house, Arnie displays erratic and reckless behavior , and tells Dennis about how strong the bond is between Christine and him. During the ride, Dennis sees that the odometer now reads less than 58,000 miles and is still rolling backward. The next day, Dennis goes to the school parking lot and scratches "Darnell\'s Tonight" into Christine\'s hood, and drives off with Leigh. The pair go to Darnell\'s where they wait in a bulldozer. Dennis tells Leigh to wait in the office so she can shut the door after Christine arrives, trapping the vehicle. When Leigh exits the bulldozer and heads for the office, Christine\'s headlights suddenly blaze out of the darkness from under a pile of garbage, and the car charges at Leigh. As Christine crashes into Darnell\'s office in an attempt to kill Leigh, Arnie is ejected through Christine\'s windshield and is impaled on a shard of glass, fatally wounding him. He survives just long enough to admire Christine one last time and lovingly caress her front bumper. Enraged, Christine proceeds to attack Leigh. Dennis counters in the bulldozer and he proceeds to fight Christine, who is playing "Pledging My Love" at top volume on her radio. As she is launching her final assault on Leigh, Dennis drives the bulldozer up on to the car\'s back, stopping her and apparently killing her. Leigh climbs into the cab and she and Dennis embrace, but Christine springs back to life and again begins to heal herself. Dennis then finishes driving over her with the bulldozer, and her headlights flicker and then go out for good. The scene cuts immediately to the next day; Dennis and Leigh are seen along with Detective Junkins at a wrecking yard, where Christine has been crushed into a cube by a metal compactor, apparently finally destroying her. Leigh and Dennis lament that they were unable to save Arnie and as they reflect on the events, loud 1950s rock music begins to play. Startled, Leigh and Dennis look up and see a worker in a hard hat playing the music on a boombox as he walks into view from behind some other wrecked cars. Leigh exclaims "God, I hate rock and roll." The film ends with the camera zooming in on the crushed cube that was formerly Christine and a piece of the grill slowly begins to bend, ever so slightly, indicating that maybe the car isn\'t "dead" after all....'] ["In France in 1944, an American Intelligence squad locates a German platoon in the Ardennes, wishing to surrender rather than die in Germany's final war offensive. The two groups of men, isolated from the war at present, put aside their differences and spend Christmas together before the surrender plan turns bad and both sides are forced to fight each other."] ['The film begins in noir fashion when Easy Rawlins  says "A man once told me that when you step out of your door in the morning, you\'re already in trouble. The only question is, are you on top of that trouble or not?" In the summer of 1948, Easy Rawlins is recently laid off from his job at Champion Aircraft, and needs money urgently to pay his mortgage. Easy recounts how he moved to Los Angeles after serving in WW-II when his friend Joppy , who runs a bar, introduces him to a white man named DeWitt Albright . Albright is looking for someone to help him find a missing white woman, Daphne Monet , assumed to be hiding somewhere in the Black community; he also learns she is the girlfriend of wealthy Todd Carter , who was the favorite in the Los Angeles mayoral race before dropping out. Albright, who says Carter dropped out because he couldn\'t find Monet, offers Rawlins $100 to take the job. Easy accepts but is immediately suspicious of Albright. Monet is known to spend time in the black juke joint clubs in South Central Los Angeles and Easy begins his search at an illegal club on 89th and Central. While waiting to enter, he sees a commotion with a bizarre white man, Richard McGee, and the club\'s bouncer, Junior Fornay. After entering, he meets with his friends Degan Odell, Dupree Brouchard, and his girl Coretta James. He learns that Coretta is a confidant of Daphne and after spending the night with her, he learns Daphne was involved with a South Central gangster named Frank Green. He is called by Albright the following afternoon to set up a meeting at the Malibu pier. While waiting, Easy is accosted by several local white youths after a casual conversation with one of their girlfriends. Easy, trying to calm the situation, is nearly overtaken when Albright appears from the darkness. He viciously humiliates and beats one of the punks for his actions. Easy, uncomfortable with the situation, gives his information to Albright who retains him with another payment and demands he continue his search. When Easy gets home, he is arrested by two LAPD homicide detectives. They take him into custody where he learns that Coretta was savagely murdered after his night with her. He is released later after rough treatment. While walking home, he is followed by Mathew Terrell, the other candidate in the mayoral race. He gets into the car where he finds Terrell with a young boy, supposedly his adopted son. Terrell makes it clear that he is also very interested in finding Daphne Monet. Easy, careful of Terrell\'s motives, asks to be dropped off and walks home. After a nightmare about Coretta, he receives a call from Daphne Monet. She instructs him to meet her at the Ambassador Hotel where she asks for his help. She needs to go into the Hollywood hills and meet a person with information vital to her and Todd Carter. Easy reluctantly agrees to help and nervously drives her to her destination. When they arrive at the house, they find it ransacked and the occupant, Richard McGee, dead. Easy finds a clue to his murder. Monet flees in a panic leaving Easy behind. The next morning, Easy returns home to find Albright and his goons waiting for him; his connection to the murder of Coretta now used to force him to resume his search for the girl. After the exchange, Easy enlists the help of his sadistic and trigger-happy friend, Mouse Alexander , from Houston, Texas. Easy\'s goal is to uncover why Monet is so important to so many people and, in the process, keep himself out of jail, which is not an easy task for a black man living in post-World War II Los Angeles. He meets with Todd Carter, where he secures money to locate Daphne. Easy, learning that Albright is not employed by Carter at all, returns home. Before he enters, he is warned by his neighbor, , that an ambush awaits. Easy turns around in time to grab Frank Green. The two men fight in the house. Green gets the upper hand, cutting into Easy\'s throat, but Mouse comes to the rescue. Easy tries to reason with Frank but Mouse shoots him in an attempt to extort information, letting Frank escape. Easy and Mouse meet up with Dupree, get him intoxicated and find out that Coretta had been in possession of a package that was vital to the mayoral race–-pictures of Terrell with "innocent, helpless, naked children." Easy finds the pictures hidden in Coretta\'s Bible. They find Junior Fornay, the bouncer at the 89th and Central club, and learn that after Junior\'s altercation with McGee, he drove him home to the Hills to pick up money. He is cornered when Easy reveals the clue, a pack of Mexican Zapata cigarettes smoked only by Junior. Junior pleads with Mouse and Easy that he isn\'t the killer. Now involved in two murders, Easy then travels to Joppy\'s, where he vents his rage at Joppy for getting him into such a mess. Joppy explains that all he wanted to do was set him up with some work. Easy is disgusted at Joppy\'s answer and leaves. When he returns home, he gets a visit from Daphne. Easy learns that Daphne hid from Carter because of her association with Frank Green, her half-brother. Daphne\'s Creole mother from New Orleans had given birth to two children by different fathers, and although Daphne\'s own father was white, her half-brother\'s father was black. Being the fiancée of a mayoral favorite with partial African-American heritage would ensure a loss for Carter. Terrell\'s knowledge of this fact is the reason Carter dropped out of the race. Naturally, pictures of Terrell with children would cause him to drop out, bringing Carter victory. Daphne says McGee sold the pictures to her, and Easy infers Albright killed McGee while looking for the pictures, then Junior gave them to Coretta, who hid them in her Bible. Daphne reveals that Coretta was killed accidentally by Joppy although Daphne had only asked him to scare her into silence. Albright and his men burst into Easy\'s house, subduing Easy and abducting Daphne. When he regains consciousness, Easy calls Mouse and they race to Joppy\'s to get a fix on Albright\'s location. At the bar, Easy abducts Joppy at gunpoint. He learns where Albright is, although Mouse nearly shoots them both in the process. Easy only calms Mouse down by telling him they could be rewarded $7,000 that Daphne will pay for photographs that Easy has obtained. In the Hollywood hills, they set up an ambush, shooting Albright and his goons while rescuing Daphne and the photographs. When Easy returns to the car he finds Joppy dead, killed by Mouse. Easy hands over the photographs that prove that Matthew Terrell is a pedophile. Carter promises Easy there will be no more trouble with the police. Easy finds out the money Daphne paid him and Mouse for the photographs came from a large sum originally given to her by Carter\'s family as a bribe to get out of town. She had only stayed because she believed they would change their minds and allow Carter to marry her if he won. Although Carter is now certain to become mayor, he refuses her pleas, despite saying that he loves her. She leaves in tears. The film closes with Easy and Odell relaxing on his porch, enjoying life, contemplating events and wondering what their future would hold.'] ['Grace Bennett is a Texas high-school student who works as a waitress with her best friend Emma Perkins to save money for a trip to Paris after graduation. Grace’s stepfather pays for her stepsister Meg Kelly to serve as chaperone on the trip, despite Emma\'s boyfriend Owen proposing marriage to persuade her to stay. After being left behind by their tour guide, the three girls seek refuge from the Paris rain in a posh hotel. There, the hotel staff and paparazzi mistake Grace for celebutante British heiress Cordelia Winthrop-Scott, Grace\'s double, who leaves rather than stay to attend an auction for a Romanian charity for which she is to donate an expensive Bulgari necklace. The Americans spend the night in Cordelia’s suite, and the next day fly to Monte Carlo with Cordelia\'s luggage. At Monte Carlo the girls meet Theo Marchand, the son of the philanthropist hosting Cordelia. Theo dislikes Cordelia\'s spoiled nature but escorts them to a ball, where Grace successfully fools Cordelia\'s aunt Alicia and Emma dances with a prince. Meg reunites with Riley, an Australian backpacker she briefly met in Paris. They find they have things in common, and spend time together before he leaves for Italy. After Grace is unable to play polo well, Alicia discovers the impersonation. Believing that her spoiled niece hired a lookalike to take her place while she parties, and not wishing to disrupt the charity auction, Alicia threatens Grace to successfully continue the impersonation or be arrested. Theo is attracted to "Cordelia"\'s pleasant personality, while Emma\'s prince invites her to a party on a yacht. Emma briefly wears Cordelia\'s necklace before giving it to Meg for safekeeping, but at the yacht dislikes his arrogance toward the servants and leaves. Cordelia arrives in Monte Carlo, as does Owen, hoping to reconcile with Emma. After Owen mistakes Cordelia for Grace, Cordelia discovers the impersonation. She finds that the necklace is missing as Meg forgot to retrieve it from Riley\'s backpack before he left France, and calls the police. The girls fail to placate an angry Cordelia; although Riley discovers and returns the necklace, Cordelia threatens to withdraw the necklace from the auction. To prevent this, the girls tie Cordelia up so Grace can again impersonate her. Cordelia escapes, and reveals Grace\'s fraud at the auction. She demands that Grace be arrested, but after Grace\'s sincere public confession Alicia bids the unexpectedly large amount of €6 million for the necklace to save her. The film ends with Meg joining Riley on his travel around the world; Owen and Emma moving into their own home in Texas; and Theo Marchand and Grace reunited at the Romanian charity.'] ["1981 film adaptation of the D.H. Lawrence novel. After an injury leaves her husband impotent and crippled, Lady Chatterly is torn between love for her husband and her desires. Without her husband's consent, she seeks out the means of fulfilling her physical needs."] ["On her 18th birthday, Bella Swan wakes up from a dream in which she sees herself as an old woman. She expresses her distaste with growing older than her boyfriend Edward Cullen, a vampire who stopped aging physically at 17. Despite her lack of enthusiasm, Edward's adoptive family throws Bella a birthday party. While unwrapping a gift, Bella gets a paper cut, causing Edward's brother, Jasper, to become overwhelmed by her blood's scent and attempt to kill her. Realizing the danger that he and his family pose to Bella, Edward ends their relationship, and the Cullens leave Forks, Washington. Edward's departure leaves Bella heartbroken and depressed for months; however, when her father, Charlie, finally decides to send her to live with her mother in Florida, Bella refuses and agrees to spend more time with her friends. After seeing a movie with Jessica, Bella sees a group of men on motorcycles. This reminds her of when Edward previously rescued her from an assault, and she sees his image warning her to stay away. Bella discovers that all thrill-seeking activities evoke Edward's preserved image. She is also comforted by her deepening friendship with Jacob Black, a cheerful companion who eases her pain over losing Edward. When Jacob suddenly begins avoiding her, Bella discovers he has become a werewolf, an age-old enemy of vampires. Jacob's pack members are on constant patrol for Victoria, a vampire who wants to kill Bella to avenge the death of her mate by Edward's hand, leaving Jacob little time to spend with her. Alone again, Bella returns to seeking thrill-inducing activities. Through a series of miscommunications, Edward believes Bella has killed herself by jumping off a cliff into the ocean. Distraught over her supposed suicide, Edward travels to Italy to provoke the Volturi—a powerful vampire coven capable of killing him—by exposing himself as a vampire to humans. Alice, Edward's sister, and Bella rush to Italy to save Edward, and arrive just in time to stop him. It is then that Edward tells Bella that he always loved her and only left to protect her. However, the Volturi determine that Bella, a human who knows that vampires exist, must either be killed or transformed into a vampire herself. Alice stops them from killing her by sharing her premonition with Aro —a Volturi elder who is able to read thoughts through touch—in which Bella has been transformed. Soon after, they return to Forks and Bella forgives Edward for leaving her. The Cullens vote in favor of Bella being transformed into a vampire, much to Edward and Rosalie's dismay. Later on, Jacob reminds Edward of the treaty the Cullens made with the Quileute tribe: they will not attack each other, as long as the Cullens do not bite any humans—an action necessary for Bella's transformation. The movie concludes with Edward telling Bella that he will change her into a vampire, but only if she marries him first."] ['{{See also}} Mark Whitacre, a rising star at Decatur, Illinois based Archer Daniels Midland  in the early 1990s, blows the whistle on the company’s price-fixing tactics at the urging of his wife Ginger.{{cite news}} One night in November 1992, Whitacre confesses to FBI special agent Brian Shepard that ADM executives – including Whitacre himself – had routinely met with competitors to fix the price of lysine, an additive used in the commercial livestock industry. Whitacre secretly gathers hundreds of hours of video and audio over several years to present to the FBI.{{cite news}}<ref nameSidhu |firstFresno company connected to Matt Damon movie |publisher2008-07-23 |urlr7c-e_9thlk}} He assists in gathering evidence by clandestinely taping the company’s activity in business meetings at various locations around the globe such as Tokyo, Paris, Mexico City, and Hong Kong, eventually collecting enough evidence of collaboration and conspiracy to warrant a raid of ADM. Whitacre’s good deed dovetails with his own major infractions and his internal, secret struggle with bipolar disorder seems to take over his exploits.{{cite news |authorWhat is "The Informant" about? |publisher2008-05-16 |url"Cain-behind"/>In the ensuing chaos, Whitacre appears to shift his trust and randomly destabilize his relationships with Agent Shepard, his partner Agent Herndon and numerous attorneys in the process. Authorities at ADM began investigating, in an attempt to cover tracks, the mounted papertrail with forged names and specs that Whitacre had built to cover his own subversive deeds. After being confronted with evidence of his fraud, Whitacre\'s reasoning and defensive claims begin to spiral out of control, including an accusation of assault and battery against Agent Shepard and the FBI, which had made a substantial move to distance their case from Whitacre entirely. Because of this major infraction and Whitacre’s bizarre behavior, he was sentenced to a prison term three times as long as that meted out to the white-collar criminals he helped to catch. In the epilogue of Whitacre\'s case, Agent Herndon visits inmate Whitacre in prison as he videotapes a futile appeal to seek a presidential pardon. Overweight, balding and psychologically beaten after his years long ordeal, Mark Whitacre is eventually released from prison with his wife Ginger, waiting to greet him.'] ['In the year 2009, the super-wealthy gain immortality by hiring "bonejackers," mercenaries who use time travel technology to snatch people from the past, just prior to their deaths. Their bodies are then taken over by the rich to extend their lives. Those who escape bonejacking, known as "freejacks," are considered less than human under the law. In this dystopic future most people suffer from poor physical health as a result of rampant drug use and environmental pollution, making them unattractive as replacement bodies. Alex Furlong  is a professional racecar driver who is about to die in a spectacular 1991 crash, witnessed by his fiancée Julie Redlund  and agent Brad , when a time machine snatches him from the car and into the wasteland that is the 21st century Bronx. When Furlong\'s captors – led by mercenary Victor Vacendak - are ambushed by a hit squad, Furlong escapes. Having no idea what happened, he tries to find Julie, but she no longer lives at her 1991 address. He takes shelter at a church, where a sympathetic  nun  explains what has happened to him. She also provides him with clothing, food, and a handgun. Alex finds his former agent Brad, but Brad immediately sells him out, getting killed in the process. He then finds Julie, but she calls security, believing him to be "the bastard who stole [Alex\'s] body." When Vacendak shows up, she realizes that Alex is actually her Alex. She goes to Ian McCandless to try and help Alex escape the city. McCandless promises that he will help secure Alex\'s escape. However, it is a trap- Vacendak and his men try again capture Alex, but he manages to defeat the mercenaries and holds Vacendak at gunpoint. Alex demands that he be told who wants his body; Vacendak finally tells him that McCandless himself wants Alex\'s body. Because Alex saved his life earlier, Vacendak gives him a chance to run and Julie steals an armored vehicle used by the bonejackers. Furlong and Julie manage to evade Vacendak\'s security guards and McCandless\' police force. But they also find the have to deal the private guards of McCandless\' corporate executive officer Mr. Michelette, who wants McCandless\' job. He is responsible for the ambush that allowed Alex to escape in the first place. Alex then pretends to take Julie hostage and negotiates with Michelette. Alex hopes they don\'t know about his past relationship with Julie. But, it turns out that Michelette saw footage of Julie\'s grief after the 1991 accident. He immediately fires Julie on the spot. Alex and Julie escape the meeting, hoping to flee through the lobby, but they are thwarted by a gunfight between the security guards and mercenaries. Their elevator takes them to the penthouse, where McCandless\' mind is stored. A hologram of McCandless explains why he wants Furlong\'s body – so he could show his love for Julie. Apologizing, he offers to let Alex run the company while pretending to be McCandless. Just then Vacendak arrives and McCandless reveals he was only stalling for time. Alex, forced into the transfer machine, protests "You don\'t need a new body, you need a new soul, and your machine can\'t give you that!" Just as the transfer process begins, Michellette stumbles in, wounded from fighting Vacendak\'s soldiers. In the confusion, Julie grabs a soldier\'s gun and shoots the processing crystal used by the transfer computers. The transfer results are deemed inconclusive since no one knows if McCandless controls Furlong\'s body. McCandless\' scientists cannot tell and conclude that McCandless will have to identify himself. Michellette agrees, revealing that only McCandless will know his own personal i.d. code- a code that Alex wouldn\'t know. Vacendak receives a handheld computer which displays McCandless\' code- he instructs "Alex" to tell him what it is. Alex responds by saying the code slowly, and Vacendak asks him to continue. Michelette concludes that the transfer was completed and tries to kill Alex, but is gunned down by Vacendak and his men. Furlong remarks about how well he feels in his "new" body, before ordering Julie to dress more appropriately. A while later, Furlong and Julie go for a drive. Vacendak stops them as the car leaves the estate. It turns out that the transfer was not complete after all; Furlong got McCandless\' secret number wrong, though Vacendak went along with it. He simply waited until Furlong made a mistake: McCandless did not know how to drive. Vacendak admonishes Julie that "you\'ll have to coach him better than that", then leaves while Alex and Julie speed away.'] ["Rachel White  is a single attorney working in a New York law firm. After too many drinks on her 30th birthday, Rachel grabs a cab with Dex  and playfully reveals she has had a crush on him since law school. The problem is, Dex is also her best friend Darcy's  fiancé. They wake up in bed together the next morning to Darcy calling both of their phones. Dex sneaks out and they do not have time to speak about what happened between them. Rachel initially believes the encounter is a one night stand, but it is actually the beginning of a sincere affair once Dex tells Rachel he is in love with her. What also follows is a web of lies created by Rachel and Dex to Darcy and several others. Rachel continuously conjures up false stories of sexual relationships with Ethan and Marcus to cover up her sexual encounters with Dex. Ethan  has been friends with Darcy and Rachel since childhood. He is the only one who knows what has happened between Rachel and Dex, which he is reluctantly keeping a secret. Meanwhile, Dex's mother  has been suffering from depression for some time and Dex and Darcy's wedding is the only thing keeping her sane and happy. When Dex skips out on 4th of July weekend in the Hamptons to stay in the City and spend time with Rachel, they run into his parents. His father suspects something is going on between the two of them and he tells Dex to end it as soon as possible, saying that what he wants should not be considered a priority when it conflicts with what is right. Considering his mother and father's feelings, Dex gives Rachel the cold shoulder and leaves her to go back to Darcy. As the wedding nears, Dex and Rachel are speaking less and less. At the beach, their secret is almost revealed by Ethan, who is frustrated with Rachel, especially for lying to people she cares about, but Rachel stops him by hitting him in the face with a badminton racket. This results in his nose becoming very badly broken. Ethan is frustrated with Rachel because she doesn't see that he is the only one who really cares about her. That night at the bar, Rachel finally tells Dex that she wants him to call off the wedding so they can be together, but he tells her that he can't. Ethan moves to London for a job and Rachel flies out to visit him. He reveals that he loves her and just wants to see her happy, but is sad that Rachel refuses to see what's right in front of her. Rachel returns to New York to find Dex sitting on her doorstep. He reveals that he ended things with Darcy and called off the wedding. Rachel is ecstatic until Darcy ends up at her door begging to come in to talk. Dex hides and Darcy enters her apartment. She tells Rachel that she has been cheating on him with his friend Marcus. She is also pregnant with Marcus' child and says that they are very happy. Rachel gives her her blessing and Darcy proceeds to leave but only to return and ask what Dex's jacket is doing in her apartment. Dex then comes out and Darcy figures out Rachel is the other woman. She becomes infuriated and storms out of the apartment, telling Rachel that she hates her. Two months later, Rachel and Darcy run into each other on the street. They have not spoken since the incident and Darcy says that she is happy, but doesn't sound so convincing. Rachel is unapologetic for sleeping with Dex but is sorry for hurting Darcy. As they leave, they turn back and glance at each other, with Darcy smiling and waving. Rachel walks around the corner to Dex sitting on a bench. They walk down the street together. The film ends with an ambiguous scene during the credits. Darcy shows up to surprise Ethan in London; Ethan tries to ignore her and briskly walks away. The screen turns black with text indicating that the story is to be continued, which may indicate that a movie based on Something Blue, which is the book sequel to Something Borrowed,{{cite url}} will follow."] ['In early 20th century New York, Father, Mother and Younger Brother reside in a house in New Rochelle. Younger Brother becomes smitten with coquettish showgirl Evelyn Nesbit, whose wealthy husband, Harry Kendall Thaw, murders architect Stanford White in a jealous rage. An abandoned baby is found by Mother in her garden. She takes it into her home, and eventually the baby\'s mother, Sarah, to work for the family as well. A ragtime musician, Coalhouse Walker Jr., has become prosperous with his expertise at the piano. He is the baby\'s father and drives in his new Model T to the New Rochelle home, presenting himself to Father with a desire to marry Sarah. Outside their firehouse, a group of bigots headed by fire chief, Willie Conklin, refuse to let Walker\'s automobile pass. After he leaves to find a policeman, Walker returns to find his car damaged and defecated in. His objections result in the law placing him under arrest, rather than Conklin and the firemen. Walker wishes to sue, but can find no lawyer willing to represent him. He decides to exact revenge by planting a bomb in the firehouse. He then does the same in the J.P. Morgan Library, assisted by a group of disguised followers that include Younger Brother. He demands that the Model T and the fire chief, Conklin, be delivered to him or the library will be destroyed. Booker T. Washington fails to persuade Walker to surrender, as does Father in a visit to the library. Conklin is summoned by Police Commissioner Rheinlander Waldo, who cites the fire chief\'s reputation as "a piece of slime" yet cannot submit to Walker\'s terrorist demands. Walker ultimately agrees to give up if Waldo will first permit the other men to safely depart. They do, but when Walker surrenders, he is shot.'] [" Billionaire John Hammond, CEO of InGen, has created Jurassic Park: a theme park populated with dinosaurs cloned from the DNA extracted from insects preserved in prehistoric amber. After a park worker is killed by a Velociraptor, Hammond's investors, represented by their lawyer Donald Gennaro, demand that experts visit the park and certify that it is safe. Gennaro invites Dr. Ian Malcolm, a mathematician, while Hammond invites paleontologist Dr. Alan Grant and paleobotanist Dr. Ellie Sattler. They are joined on the island by Hammond's grandchildren, Tim and Lex Murphy. Hammond asks Malcolm, Grant, and Sattler what their thoughts are about recreating dinosaur species. They debate the ethics of cloning extinct dinosaurs, with Gennaro being the only one to express optimism. The group sets off to explore the park while Hammond observes his guests along with Head Technician Ray Arnold and game warden Robert Muldoon. Grant spots a sick Triceratops and the group investigates. With a storm heading in, everyone returns to their vehicles except for Sattler, who stays with the park doctor to look after the animal. Jurassic Park's head computer programmer, Dennis Nedry, is secretly in the employ of one of InGen's corporate rivals, and has been paid to steal dinosaur embryos. During his theft, Nedry deactivates the park's security system, allowing him access to the embryo storage. Electric fences around the park are deactivated as a result, releasing a Tyrannosaurus. The T-Rex assaults the vehicle with Tim and Lex inside. Gennaro flees the vehicle and is subsequently eaten. Tim, Lex and Grant flee down a steep embankment and escape. Malcolm is injured distracting the T-Rex but survives the attack. A fleeing Nedry crashes his Jeep. While he is tying the Jeep's winch around a tree, he encounters a Dilophosaurus, which he ignores due to its small size. As he returns to the Jeep, the creature spits venom at him, blinding him. Nedry drops the stolen embryos and gets into the Jeep, but the Dilophosaurus gets inside and kills him. Sattler and Muldoon search for survivors of the Tyrannosaurus attack, but only find Malcolm and the remains of Gennaro. As they look for the children, Malcolm realizes the Tyrannosaurus is returning. He orders Sattler and Muldoon to flee, with the Tyrannosaurus pursuing. The three of them escape in their Jeep. Grant and the children climb up a tree to avoid the Tyrannosaurus, and see a family of Brachiosaurus eating at which point Dr Grant attempts to emmulate their call to no avail and so the three fall asleep. In the morning Dr Grant wakes up and is surprised to see a Brachiosaurus eating from the tree they are sleeping in and thus wakes up the kids, much to Lex surprise at seeing the dinosaur. Asking if it eats meat Dr Grant replies it doesn't and so the three attempt to feed the creature, getting it closer with a branch Dr Grant touches the dinosaur but when Lex tries it steps back and sneezes on her before departing. Meanwhile unable to decipher Dennis's code to reactivate the security fences, Hammond, Arnold, Muldoon, Malcolm and Sattler take the drastic measure of rebooting the entire park's computer and electrical network. The five shut down the park's grid and retreat to an emergency bunker, and Arnold journeys to a maintenance bunker to complete the process of rebooting the system. When he does not return, Sattler and Muldoon decide to head for the bunker. Grant and the children discover a nest full of hatched eggs, indicating the dinosaurs are breeding despite having been bred as females. As Muldoon and Sattler proceed to the maintenance bunker, Muldoon notices that they are being hunted by Velociraptors. Muldoon offers to draw their attention while Sattler continues to the bunker. Sattler restarts the park's systems, but is attacked by a raptor hidden within some cables; she discovers Arnold's severed arm and narrowly escapes the raptor. Muldoon is about to shoot a raptor, but another raptor appears and kills him. Tim, Lex and Grant climb an electrified fence out of the park's animal zone and Tim is nearly killed when the fence is reactivated. Grant and the children head for the visitor's center; he leaves them alone in the kitchen while he reunites with Sattler and the others. The kids escape two stalking raptors before reuniting with Grant and Sattler. Lex restores the park's security systems from the control room. Grant contacts Hammond and tells him to call the mainland for rescue before the two raptors find the group and attack. The group flees through a series of air ducts, only to be cornered in the entrance hall by the raptors. The Tyrannosaurus breaks into the main hall and attacks the raptors, allowing the four to flee outside, where they are rescued by Malcolm and Hammond. The survivors board a helicopter. Grant and Sattler watch a small flock of pelicans fly over the sea as they depart."] ['Four Atlanta businessmen, Lewis , Ed , Bobby  and Drew , decide to canoe down the Cahulawassee River in the remote Georgia wilderness, expecting to have fun and see the glory of nature before the river valley is flooded by the construction of a dam. Lewis, an experienced outdoorsman, is the leader. Ed is also a veteran of several trips but lacks Lewis\' machismo. Bobby and Drew are novices. The four are clearly the outsiders in this rural location. The crude locals are unimpressed by the "city boys;" it is also implied that some of the locals are inbred. While attempting to secure drivers for their vehicles , Drew briefly connects with a local banjo-playing boy by joining him in an impromptu bluegrass jam. When they finish, however, the boy turns away without saying anything, refusing the effusive Drew\'s handshake. The four men exhibit a slightly condescending attitude toward the locals; Bobby, in particular, is very patronizing and even derides the locals to his companions for seeming to display genetic defects. The men spend the day canoeing down the river in pairs before camping by the riverside at night. Shortly before they retire for bed, Lewis tells the others to be quiet and disappears into the dark woods to investigate a sound he heard. He returns shortly and says that he did not find anything. When asked whether he heard something or someone, he tells them he does not know. While traveling the next day, the group\'s two canoes are separated. Pulling ashore to get their bearings, Bobby and Ed encounter a pair of unkempt hillbillies emerging from the woods, one toothless and carrying a shotgun. After some tense conversation in which the hillbillies appear to be goading the others, Ed speculates that the two locals have a moonshine still hidden in the woods and Bobby amicably offers to buy some. The hillbillies are not moved and Bobby is forced at gunpoint to strip naked. Bobby is next chased, humiliated, ordered to "squeal like a pig" and is then violently sodomized. Ed is unable to help because he has been tied to a tree and is held by the toothless hillbilly. Meanwhile, Lewis and Drew dock their canoe. Hearing the commotion, Lewis secretly sneaks up and kills the rapist with an arrow from his hunting bow; Ed grabs the shotgun as the other captor quickly vanishes into the woods. Lewis and Drew argue about whether to inform the authorities. Lewis insists that they would not receive a fair trial and that the jury would be composed of the dead man\'s friends and relatives. Bobby agrees and does not want the incident of his rape to become public. Lewis tells them that since the entire area would be flooded by a lake soon, the body will never be found and the escaped hillbilly could not inform the authorities since he had participated in the incident. The men vote 3-to-1 to side with Lewis\' recommendation to bury the dead hillbilly\'s body and continue as though nothing had happened. During the digging, Drew, the lone dissenting voter, is clearly upset and having trouble coming to terms with the decision. The four make a run for it downriver, cutting their trip short, but soon disaster strikes as the canoes reach a dangerous stretch of rapids. In the lead canoe, Ed repeatedly implores Drew to don his life jacket, but Drew ignores him without a word of explanation. As Drew and Ed reach the rapids, Drew\'s head appears to shake and he falls forward into the river. After Drew disappears into the river, Ed loses control of his canoe and both canoes collide with the rocks, spilling Lewis, Bobby and Ed into the river. Lewis breaks his leg and the others are washed ashore alongside him. The badly-injured Lewis believes the toothless hillbilly shot Drew and is now stalking them. Later that night, under cover of darkness, Ed climbs a nearby rock face in order to dispatch the suspected shooter using his bow, while Bobby stays behind to look after Lewis. Ed reaches the top and hides out until the next morning, when he sees the man he was looking for standing on the cliff holding a rifle, looking down into the gorge where Lewis and Bobby are hiding. The man appears to be the hillbilly that escaped through the woods. Ed, a champion archer who earlier lost his nerve while aiming at a deer, again freezes in spite of his clear shot. The man notices him and fires as the former champion clumsily releases his arrow. Ed falls to the ground in a panic and accidentally stabs himself with another of his arrows. The man reaches the wounded Ed and is about to kill him when he collapses, revealing Ed\'s arrow sticking through the man\'s neck. Ed remembers that the hillbilly who tried to assault him had no front teeth, and upon initial examination, the dead man seems to have all of them. Ed examines his victim\'s dentition more closely and discovers he has a partial, movable plate for his front two missing teeth. Ed lowers the body down the cliff with a rope and climbs down after it. His rope breaks and he falls in the river, but swims to shore and meets with Bobby and Lewis. Bobby asks more than once if Ed is certain the dead man is the same as the one they confronted earlier. Ed, clearly irritated and not completely sure himself, snaps at Bobby and asks him to confirm the man\'s identity. Ed and Bobby weigh the dead hillbilly down with stones and drop him into the river. Later, they come upon Drew\'s grotesquely-contorted corpse and after being unable to find any definite gunshot wound, they also weigh it down into the river. Ed points out that they don\'t want the authorities examining Drew\'s body and possibly discovering a gunshot wound. Ed gives a short eulogy and sinks it in the river to ensure that it will never be found. With Lewis injured and Drew dead, Ed now becomes the leader, trying to ensure their story is consistent, knowing the local authorities will investigate. When they finally reach their destination, the town of Aintry, which will soon be submerged by the river and is being evacuated, they take the injured Lewis to the local hospital while the sheriff comes to investigate the incident. One of the Deputies, named Arthur Queen, has a missing brother-in-law  and is highly suspicious. Ed and Bobby visit Lewis\' hospital room to make sure Lewis\' version of events is consistent with theirs. They are unsure if the apparently unconscious Lewis understands them, however as the doctors enter, Lewis appears to awaken, gives Ed and Bobby a knowing wink and says he remembers nothing. Later, as the men prepare to drive home, the sheriff suddenly asks Ed why there were four life jackets when only Lewis, Ed and Bobby came out of the river. Stammering, Bobby suggests there may have been an extra one, then realizes his mistake. But Ed says no, that Drew was not wearing his life jacket and he does not know why. The sheriff remains suspicious, but having no evidence simply tells Ed, "Don\'t ever do nothin\' like this again. Don\'t come back up here. I\'d kinda like to see this town die peaceful," to which Ed readily agrees. The men vow to keep their story a secret for the rest of their lives, which proves to be psychologically burdensome for Ed; in the final scene, he awakes screaming from a nightmare in which a dead man\'s hand rises from the lake.'] ['Gustad Noble  is a Parsi bank clerk who lives with his family in Bombay  just before the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971. At first he seems to be a self-centred, self-involved neurotic man who is so tied up in his own pain for perceived slights both past and present that he cannot seem to connect with either friends or family. He is haunted by memories of a privileged youth and his father\'s fortune, lost to the machinations of a scheming, unscrupulous uncle. He is baffled by the changes wrought in his eldest son, Sohrab , who is having a difficult coming of age. A childhood friend, Jimmy Bilimoria , has become a swashbuckling, swaggering member of the military. At the beginning of the movie, Major Jimmy has abandoned a lifelong friendship with Gustad without warning or explanation, and Gustad is angry and resentful over the desertion. Soon the Major contacts Gustad, ostensibly to restore their friendship, but in actuality he uses their past acquaintance to impose on Gustad for help in a clandestine plan to put money into the hands of rebels in East Pakistan  When Gustad has second thoughts and tries to back out of the plan, the family cat is killed in a gruesome way and left for Gustad to find with a threatening note attached. During a chance conversation with a street artist, Gustad encourages him to bring his art to the eyesore of a wall in front of his house, which he feels will give the artist\'s work a permanence which he cannot achieve by painting and repainting the public sidewalk where he has been working up to now. The artist is at first dismissive of the idea, stating that impermanence is the way of the world, but eventually comes to begin his work there. Desperate to protect his family from the Major\'s threats, Gustad seeks help from a friend at the bank, Dinshawji , a bumbling, foolish man who nevertheless shows his great heart in his simple faith in his friend, even when things go badly wrong and both are put in danger by Jimmy\'s shadowy machinations and his eventual incarceration by the government. Wracked by guilt and caught between their fear of being caught by the government and the fear of retaliation by the Major\'s thuggish, and often invisible, associates, Gustad and Dinshawji forge ahead with trepidation to implement the Major\'s money-laundering plan. In fear of discovery, Gustad is driven to admonish Dinshawji about his buffoonish and lewd behaviour around one of the bank secretaries, and indeed around most of the other employees in general. They decide that in order to cover up the real reason for Dinshawja\'s changed behaviour, which both men fear would draw as much or more attention than his usual buffoonery, they will explain the new quieter Dinshawja by spreading a rumour that he has fallen ill. Later, Gustad will realize this was inadvertently prophetic, and he is stricken by guilt over the idea that the stress of their undertaking may have led to the actual collapse of Dinshawja\'s health. Gustad\'s youngest child, his daughter, Roshan, is stricken by malaria. Between this incident and the estrangement that leads their oldest son to argue with his father and leave home, Gustad\'s wife, Dilnavaz , is convinced by a neighbour that her family is under a curse of black magic and, despite her qualms, begins a ritual to transfer the bad luck to the simpleton Tehmul, played to devastating effect by Kurush Deboo. Gustad and Dilnavaz go to a Parsi temple, where Gustad makes a simple, heartfelt prayer for the recovery of his daughter; for the health of his friend, Dinshawja, and for the return of his son to the family; at the end, he says, "and don\'t worry about my hip, it\'s not that important." . Government officials take Major Jimmy into custody when they discover his plot to divert government funds to the resistance movement in Pakistan. Broken by torture, Major Jimmy asks for Gustad\'s forgiveness from his deathbed in a hospital jail. Gustad struggles with his feelings over the Major\'s initial abandonment of their friendship, then his imposition on that friendship that put his family and friends in danger, understanding at the end just how much Major Jimmy sacrificed to hide Gustad\'s inadvertent and eventually forced involvement in the Major\'s plot. Shortly thereafter, the war between Pakistan and India erupts. When Gustad patrols the building where he rents a room during an air raid to make sure all the lights are off, he catches the simpleton, Tehmul, making love to a large bride doll stolen from Gustad\'s daughter. At first recoiling from what he sees as an act of perversion, Gustad recognizes the terrible loneliness of the simpleton and his initial anger and disgust is quickly tempered by a compassion of which he most likely would have been incapable at the beginning of the movie. Meanwhile, the wall outside his home has been transformed from a trash clogged public urinal to a beautiful mural, which the local residents treat as a holy shrine. When municipal work crews show up to break the wall down, acting on orders issued years ago to remove it as a public nuisance, a riot breaks out, resulting in the death of the simpleton Temuhl. In the wake of this tragic death, Gustad experiences a moment of clarity and openness that leads him to step out of his preoccupation with the perception of his own pain and truly experience the fullness of his compassion for others. Gustad moves through the kaleidoscope of his troubled life at first as if a helpless victim, a mere spectator, anxious and overwrought at the chaos around him, clearly feeling isolated and that his life is spinning out of control. His disconnection and alienation is underscored by the way events are presented, strung like pearls as if they are discrete events which are whole in and of themselves, even though at the root they are all connected and as much a part of Gustad as he is of them. His transformation is subtle, but steady, until by the end of the movie, events that would have destroyed the man he was are surmounted and accepted by the man he has become. He has, perhaps unknowingly, internalized and accepted an observation made by the artist, that many of mankind\'s troubles arise from our attempts to deny the fact of the impermanent nature of the universe and to impose our ideas of permanence in its place. Gustad bids farewell to the artist as he nonchalantly walks off into the busy street while municipal workers tear down the painted wall.'] ['National Velvet is the story of a twelve-year old girl, Velvet Brown , living in Sewels, in Sussex, England, who wins a spirited gelding in a raffle and trains it for the Grand National steeplechase, aided by her father\'s  hired hand, a young drifter, Mi Taylor , who claims to have found Mrs. Brown\'s name and address among his deceased father\'s effects. Mi loathes horses, because while a jockey in Manchester, he caused a collision which resulted in the death of another jockey. The horse is called "The Pie", short for Pirate, the epithet given him by the previous owner due to his misbehavior. Velvet wins The Pie in a raffle and convinces Mi to train them both for the Grand National. The night before the race, Velvet senses that the Latvian jockey hired to ride The Pie doesn\'t believe he can win. Rather than give up the race, Mi imagines he will overcome his fears and ride in the Latvian\'s place. Velvet has other ideas, and in the end masquerades as the jockey herself and rides the horse to victory. Exhausted by the exertion of the five-mile race, Velvet collapses from the horse shortly after the finish, and is disqualified for not staying in the saddle until reaching the enclosure. A doctor discovers the fallen jockey is, in fact, "an adolescent female", and Velvet becomes a media sensation. Velvet declines offers of 5,000 pounds to travel to Hollywood with The Pie to be filmed, as "he wouldn\'t like being looked at." In the final scene of the film, Velvet rides off to reveal to a departing Mi that his father was Mrs. Brown\'s coach in her contest-winning swim across the English Channel as a young woman. The film differs from the book in countless respects, from the colour of the horse and its name  to the appearance of Velvet and her mother, both of whom have been glamourised into very different people. Velvet, in the book, is plain, pale and sickly; her mother weighs 16 stone. The Brown family has also been made to seem more educated and richer in the film version: Mr. Brown is a prosperous butcher while Mrs. Brown, who keeps the books, has won 100 pounds for swimming the English Channel.'] ['Sick of the betrayals the United States government has perpetrated on the Native Americans, Colonel William Ludlow  retires to a remote part of Montana with One Stab, a Cree friend, where they build a ranch. Accompanying them are hired hand Decker; Decker\'s Cree wife, Pet; and their daughter, Isabel Two. Ludlow\'s wife, Isabel, does not adapt to the harsh winters and moves to the East Coast. Ludlow has three sons: Alfred, the eldest, is responsible and cautious; Tristan is wild and well-versed in American Indian traditions; Samuel, the youngest, is educated but naive and constantly watched over by his brothers. At age 12, Tristan touches a sleeping grizzly bear. The bear awakens and slashes at Tristan, injuring him, but he stabs at the bear\'s paw and cuts off a claw. As the boys grow up, Samuel returns from Harvard with his fiancée, Susannah Fincannon. She finds Tristan captivating, but loves Samuel. Before they can marry, Samuel tells his family that he is leaving for Calgary to join the Canadian Expeditionary Force, and aid Britain in the fight against Germany. Much to their father\'s displeasure, Alfred and Tristan also depart. During World War I, the brothers find themselves in the 10th Battalion, CEF. Alfred, commissioned as an officer, leads a charge into no man\'s land. Tristan abandons his unit to be at Samuel\'s side. The attack is repulsed with heavy casualties, and Alfred is wounded. While visiting Alfred in the field hospital, Tristan learns that Samuel has volunteered for a dangerous reconnaissance mission. He rushes off to protect his brother but arrives too late to save him from being killed. Devastated, Tristan holds Samuel until he dies, then cuts out Samuel\'s heart, which he sends home to be buried on his father\'s ranch. Seething with hatred, Tristan single-handedly raids behind German lines, killing two gunners. To the horror of his fellow soldiers, he returns to camp with the scalps of German soldiers hanging around his neck. He is discharged from army service but does not go home. Alfred returns to Montana and proposes marriage to Susannah, but she declines. Tristan returns home, where Susannah finds him weeping over Samuel\'s grave. Susannah tries to comfort him, and they become lovers. A jealous Alfred confronts Tristan and later leaves to make his name in Helena. Tristan\'s relationship with Susannah is doomed by his guilt and pain for failing to protect Samuel, as well as feeling responsible for driving Alfred away. These demons force him to go travelling for several years. At the ranch, Susannah waits for him but eventually receives a letter: "All we had is dead. As I am dead. Marry another." Alfred finds her weeping on the porch and tries to comfort her. Colonel Ludlow finds them together, leading to an argument and falling out between the Colonel and Alfred. Colonel Ludlow later suffers a stroke. He does not speak for years and the ranch deteriorates. In time Susannah agrees to marry Alfred, now a congressman. Alfred\'s business and politics cause him to get involved with the O\'Banion brothers, bootleggers and gangsters. Tristan returns during Prohibition, bringing life back to the ranch and his father. He accepts Susannah\'s marriage to his brother and later falls in love with and marries Isabel Two. They have two children, the elder being a boy named Samuel in honor of his late brother. Life seems to become normal again for Tristan as he finds true happiness in his young family. Tristan becomes involved in small-scale smuggling of bootleg liquor, finding himself at odds with the O\'Banion brothers. Tristan\'s wife is accidentally killed by a police officer working for the O\'Banions, and in a fit of agonized grief Tristan beats the officer nearly to death and has to serve thirty days in jail. Susannah visits, but Tristan refuses her advances and insists she "go home to Alfred". After his release, Tristan and Decker kill those responsible for Isabel Two\'s death, including one of the O\'Banion brothers. Susannah commits suicide after realizing she cannot live without Tristan. When the remaining O\'Banion brother comes for Tristan, he and the corrupt sheriff are killed by Colonel Ludlow and Alfred as Tristan attempts to protect his father. Alfred reconciles with his father and brother. Tristan, knowing he will be blamed for the men\'s disappearance, leaves for the mountain country after asking Alfred to take care of his children. Over time, everyone in Tristan\'s life dies before him. As an old man, Tristan enters a clearing to investigate an animal carcass and is set upon by a grizzly bear. He draws his knife and fights it. As they struggle, the image freeze-frames as One Stab narrates: "It was a good death".'] ['Helen Lyle is a graduate student conducting research for her thesis on urban legends. While interviewing freshmen about their superstitions, she hears about a local legend known as Candyman. The legend contains many thematic elements similar to the most well known urban legends, including endangered babysitters, spirits who appear in mirrors when fatally summoned, and maniac killers with unnatural deformities.W. Scott Poole, Monsters in America: Our Historical Obsession with the Hideous and the Haunting , 53-54. The legend claims that Candyman can be summoned by looking into a mirror and saying his name five times (similar to the [[Bloody Mary , whereupon he will murder the summoner with his hook-hand. Later that evening, Helen and her friend Bernadette jokingly call Candyman\'s name into the mirror in Helen\'s bathroom but nothing happens. Discussing the legend with fellow academics, she uncovers an origin story. Candyman was the son of a slave, who became a well known artist. After falling in love with a white woman who became pregnant, he was set upon by a lynch mob, who cut off his painting hand and replaced with a hook. He was smeared with honey  from a nearby apiary, and the bees stung him to death. With her colleague Bernadette, Helen enters the notorious gang-ridden Cabrini–Green housing project, the site of a recent unsolved murder linked to Candyman. There she meets Anne-Marie McCoy, one of the residents, as well as a young boy named Jake, who tells her a disturbing story of a child who was castrated in a public restroom near the projects, supposedly by Candyman. While Helen explores the run-down restroom, a gang member attacks her: he carries a hook, and has taken the Candyman moniker as his own to enhance his own "street cred" by associating himself with the legend. Helen survives the assault and is able to later identify her attacker to the police. Helen later returns to school but hears a voice calling her name as she walks to her car. The apparent real Candyman now appears and explains that since Helen has been telling people in Cabrini-Green he is just a legend, he must again prove he exists. Helen blacks out and wakes up in Anne-Marie\'s apartment, covered in blood. Anne-Marie, whose Rottweiler has been decapitated and whose baby is also missing, attacks Helen and she is forced to defend herself from Anne-Marie using a meat cleaver. The police then enter the apartment and arrest Helen. Trevor, Helen\'s husband, bails her out of jail the following day, but while he is out of the apartment, Candyman appears to Helen again and cuts her neck, causing her to bleed unconscious. Bernadette then arrives at then apartment and Candyman murders her. The police are called and Helen is sedated and is placed in a psychiatric hospital pending trial. After a month\'s stay at the hospital, Helen is interviewed by a psychologist in preparation for her upcoming trial. While restrained, Helen attempts to convince the psychologist that the urban legend is indeed true by calling Candyman. Candyman appears, murdering the psychologist, and Helen is able to escape. She briefly confronts Trevor but he is now living with one of his students. Helen then flees to Cabrini–Green to confront Candyman and to locate Anne-Marie\'s still-missing infant. In an apartment\'s attic, she encounters the words "It was you all along, Helen." Candyman predicts that Helen will help carry on his tradition of inciting fear into a community, and promises to release the baby if Helen agrees to sacrifice herself. Instead of holding his end of the bargain, Candyman takes both the baby and Helen into the middle of a massive junk pile which the residents have been planning to turn into a bonfire, intending to sacrifice both Helen and the baby in order to feed his own legend. However, the residents believe Candyman is hiding inside the bonfire pile and set it aflame. Helen manages to rescue the baby, but dies from burns in the process. Candyman also burns in the fire, leaving only his hook-hand behind. After Helen\'s funeral, in which the residents of Cabrini–Green pay their respects to Helen, Trevor stands before a mirror in the bathroom of their former apartment. He chants Helen\'s name in grief, summoning her vengeful spirit. Helen kills Trevor with Candyman\'s hook, leaving Trevor\'s new lover Stacey with his bloodied corpse as Helen becomes the embodiment of the urban legend. The film ends as the credits roll over a painting of Helen with her hair ablaze on a wall in Cabrini-Green, showing that she has now entered folklore.'] ['Gaumont British borrowed just the vaguest outline from the 1928 source novel by Frank King . King\'s novel is sub-par Edgar Wallace in which a master criminal popularly referred to as \'The Ghoul\' has been responsible for a London crime wave. Betty inherits an estate on the Yorkshire moors from a mysterious benefactor, Edward Morlant, a dabbler in mysticism who years before had been her mother\'s paramour. But the will requires Betty to take up residence in the old house, where Morlant\'s corpse soon appears, walking and talking. Morlant tells her that he is an immortal adept and demands the return of his secret diary. The usual suspects and interlopers converge on the house, and upon Morlant\'s next appearance his resurrected self is killed anew, unquestionably stabbed through the heart. Morlant is soon perambulating again, as people begin turning up dead. All supernatural trappings are dispelled as \'The Ghoul\' is penultimately unmasked as Edward Morlant\'s twin brother, James, a criminal mastermind whose fictive guises included not only his brother, but a bogus police sergeant and his brother\'s solicitor, Broughton. In a final act of madness, James torches the mansion. The film screenplay uses the merest skeleton of the story and characters and blends it with the Egyptian mysticism of The Mummy while capitalizing on the "thunderstorm mystery" mood of The Old Dark House , Karloff\'s two previous Universal Pictures. Eccentric Egyptologist Professor Morlant believes that if he is buried with a jewel called "The Eternal Light", in a faux Egyptian tomb he has constructed at his English country estate, Anubis will manifest before him, accept his offering of the diamond, and grant him eternal life. Morlant appears to die, but the jewel is snatched by his servant before the interment. No sooner do the heirs arrive for the reading of the will, than Morlant rises from his tomb, finds his bauble gone, and attempts to punish the thieves. The jewel is punted from servant to lawyer to niece to Egyptian fanatic to spinster to mock vicar and eventually back to the revenant Morlant, who makes his blood sacrifice to Anubis before properly expiring. Morlant, it is learned, had merely suffered a cataleptic seizure, and had been buried alive. The mock vicar  is revealed to be the chief villain, and having obtained the Eternal Light sets fire to Morlant\'s tomb. Betty and her lover manage to escape.'] ['A group of lodgers staying at the home of Dame Beatrice grow bored with their humdrum lives. When Lilly the maid one day gives into temptation and steals a brand new mink coat from their neighbours to replace Dame Beatrice\'s worn-out one, they spring into action. As Lilly had a prison record for her time as a young delinquent they hatch a plan to put back the coat before its owners realise it has gone. Despite several mishaps they manage to safely return the mink without raising suspicions, thanks to a plan drawn up by the retired Major Rayne. The four of them get such a buzz from the operation that they decide to set up a more permanent occupation stealing, rather than returning, mink coats and giving the proceeds to charity. Their first attempt to rob a boutique goes partially wrong, but they still manage to get away with one coat. Once they have the mink, they find it more difficult to dispose of. The Major goes to a shady-looking cafe in Limehouse where he has been reliably told he can find a fence but instead finds it is now run by the Salvation Army. All the while they keep their activities from Lilly, who is now dating a policeman. Eventually Dame Beatrice is able to locate a respectable fence, only to find to her shock it is run by her nephew. He agrees to pay her £550 for it, and she promises to provide many more coats. The money is used to save an orphanage from closure. Her gang then go on a spree, stealing numerous minks from boutiques and storerooms and becoming widely-known due to reports in the newspapers. As their notoriety grows the chance of being caught increases, and they have some narrow escapes. When Lilly one day discovers what they are doing she is horrified and makes them swear they\'ll stop. However, when a request for money comes from a children\'s home they decide to pull of one last job. The Major plans a raid on an illegal gambling party. While Dame Beatrice disguises herself as a gambler, the rest of them dress up as police officers and stage a "raid" of the premises planning to make away with all the fur coats in the cloakroom. Their plan goes asunder when a real police raid is launched and they manage to make their escape with difficulty with only a few furs. Expecting to be arrested at any moment, they are alarmed when an Inspector Pape turns up at their house, especially when he begins talking about furs. They manage to convince him they are a group of harmless eccentrics, and it turns out he had come about a fur stolen from one of the gang, rather than about their sprees. Once he is gone Lilly forces them again to promise they will stop stealing minks. However, once she is gone, Dame Beatrice explains that while they can no long steal minks, they said nothing about not stealing other things. The final scene shows them dressed as Yeoman Warders of the Tower of London proceeding in the direction of the Crown Jewels.'] ['Wallace Ritchie  flies from Des Moines, Iowa to England to spend his birthday with his brother, James , the same evening James is to hold a business dinner. Though James is all too happy to spend time with Wally, his presence threatens to sour the evening, and so James sets Wallace up with an interactive improv theatre business, the "Theatre of Life," which promises to treat the participant as a character in a crime drama. Before the night begins, James hands Wallace a pair of Ambassador cigars, promising to "fire them up" before midnight in celebration of Wally\'s birthday. Trouble begins when Wallace answers a phone call intended for a hitman at the same payphone that the Theatre of Life uses for its act. The contact, Sir Roger Daggenhurst , mistakes Wallace as a hitman he\'d hired named Spencer. Thinking it\'s part of the act, Wallace uses that identity. The real Spencer  picks up the phone call meant for Wally and murders one of the actors, prompting a search for Wallace. Sir Roger, his assistant Hawkins , the British Defense Minister Gilbert Embleton , and a Russian intelligence member Sergei  plan to detonate an explosive device  during a dinner between British and Russian dignitaries, in order to rekindle the Cold War and replace their aging technology. Still believing he\'s acting with the Theatre of Life even after he is comedically mugged, Wally meets Lori , Embleton\'s call-girl. Lori plans to blackmail Embleton for a substantial amount of money using letters that detail the assassination plot. Spencer was hired specifically to eliminate her and destroy the letters. Wallace scares off Embleton when he arrives to look for them and drives Spencer off. Fearing their plot will be revealed, Daggenhurst hires two "plumbers", while Sergei hires now-inactive spy Boris "The Butcher" Blavasky , all charged with eliminating "Spencer". Boris succeeds in killing the real Spencer, but Wallace and Lori come back, retrieving the letters. When Wallace uses Spencer\'s communicator during a conversation with Daggenhurst, he tells him that "I know a couple of guys who\'re hoping to fire up some big Ambassadors, at 11:59," referring to James\' promise. Thinking the words refer to the assassination plot, both sides believe he is an American spy that has caught on to their scheme. After a police chase ends with Daggenhurst convincing the police that Wallace is a spy, Daggenhurst offers Wallace and Lori 3 million British pounds in return for the letters, at the same hotel where the dinner is taking place. This is a ruse to capture them both and kill them off. All the while Wally gets close to his "co-star" Lori, who confesses she\'d love to study acting once they\'re paid. Wally contacts James, but is captured, prompting James to call the Theatre for more time. By this point, the police have interrogated the actors and are waiting for answers from James, who thinks the officer he\'s talking to is an uncooperative actor. Believing James is an accomplice to the murder, they send a strike team to foil what they believe was a terrorist plot. However, James has already left to seek Wally at the hotel, having seen the news report that Wallace had murdered an actor. Wally meets Boris face-to-face, but Boris\' attempts to find out who he\'s working for with truth serum fails . Boris opts for torture by Dr. Rudmilla Kropotkin , but Wally and Lori escape. Lori and Wally separate, while James is captured and sent to Dr. Kropotkin while looking for Wally. Wally unwittingly finds himself as part of a group of Russian folk dancers. During the routine, he uses the Matryoshka doll bomb, disarms it seconds before it goes off, blocks a poison dart from Boris, and completely steals the show with his improvised dancing. Realizing their plot has failed, Sergei and Daggenhurst bring out two bags containing the promised 3 million for Wallace and Lori and release James, who is exhausted but otherwise fine after his torture session. Boris congratulates Wallace for his impressive covert skills and gives him a souvenir pistol, telling Wallace he will continue his butcher shop business. Sergei and Daggenhurst attempt to escape with half the money and discover Wally\'s doll, which they believe is only a normal one he picked out for himself. They are proven wrong when they realign the doll, reactivating the bomb and blowing them up, just as Wally and Lori share a kiss. Some time later on an exotic beach Wally unwittingly incapacitates a spy , passing a test by an unknown American espionage group. Believing he is capable of being a top agent, they offer him a position on "the team". Thinking that they wish to make him a movie star, Wallace accepts their offer. The movie ends with Wallace persuading them to act like dogs, desperate to have him join them.'] ["Leah Lazenby  is a single woman who lives in a house she recently inherited from her parents. In order to have the money to keep it she lets rooms to a variety of tenants while she sleeps in her parents's parlour. One morning a cellist  moves in. He can easily pay in advance and is immediately accepted. He takes the Room Upstairs. Travis fits in very well. He flatters Leah when she's plumbing, helps the other tenants, makes photographs of Lean and her pupils, drives her in his car and guards her when she is molested by her tenant Kevin . Consequently Leah turns to Travis when she needs to bring one of her female tenants  to a hospital. Ellie had just tried to commit suicide because the aforementioned Kevin had betrayed and eventually left her. Leah works in a school for children who are characterized by learning disability or even antisocial personality disorder. Her head teacher  assigns her to look after an unruly, illiterate teenage beauty called Susan  who refuses to attend school. Susan lives with a young scoundrel. Leah visits her regularly and tries to teach her to read by using fashion magazines. She even includes Susan's boyfriend, but when she thinks Susan opens up to her, the girl plays a sadistic trick on Leah. Leah loses her nerve and starts a catfight in public. She is nearly arrested when Susan falsely accuses her of having attacked her with a broken bottle. Returning home Leah sees Travis repairing the sink and tells him off. Travis answers back by explaining to her she mustn't believe she was the only person who is hurt and she should be more interested in Ellie's problems. Leah then talks to Ellie and they get friends. Head teacher Mrs. Sanders convinces Leah not to quit her job as a teacher and offers her a different task after all. While Travis is on a concert tour in Canada, Leah's tenant Mandy  delivers a baby. There is a big celebration in Leah's house and Travis can manage to visit during a break of the tour. Travis and Leah have a moment together. Leah tells him about her new case, a deafblind child. Having his shoulder to lean on she falls into sleep. While she rests Travis inducts Leah into the tragedy of his life. He had once a child who died unexpectedly while he was on tour and his wife blamed him for having neglected his family. The next morning they awake together, feeling hereby obviously feeling very comfortable. Leah's brother Frank  is angry about her because the house is running on puny profit although she's now also her tenants'  babysitter. Even so, she refuses her brother's offer to buy her out. Travis pleases Leah to one of his concerts. When they return home she invites him to her room where she has prepared a meal for them. Finally they kiss."] ['Jennie Jones hails from the countryside when she decides to the travel to the big city. There, she is continually befriended by the wrong crowd and finds herself down on her luck and ultimately contemplating her own demise.'] ['Joe Leaphorn, a seasoned cop accustomed to the ways of Phoenix, Santa Fe, and Albuquerque, has returned to the Navajo reservation. Recovering from cancer, his wife, Emma, feels rejuvenated by her home\'s landscape and people. Leaphorn is less sure about their return. Well schooled in urban policing, he is soon confronted with a particular Navajo case: a mysterious killer who has a special antipathy for medicine men. He works with a partner Jim Chee, an FBI Academy grad who is training to be a traditional healer. Roman George\'s body is found miles from his abandoned truck and surrounded by ancient symbols etched in blood. A local archeologist holds the key to the symbols he left behind, so Chee and Leaphorn pay him a visit at a nearby Anasazi ruins. There, these unlikely partners find further clues indicating that the murderer may be a "skinwalker," a Navajo witch with the power to shape shift, or change from human to animal, move with lightning speed, and to kill with curses. Fearing that his mentor, Wilson Sam, will be next, Chee convinces the medicine man to hide in a nearby motel. As Chee juggles the day-to-day police work on the reservation, Leaphorn tracks down clues to the identity of the evasive criminal. More ancient symbols are found at an abandoned paint factory, where a local gang has been congregating. What do the signs mean? Who is sending these messages in blood? Could the murders be linked to the old Dinetah Paints scandal? Chee does not have much time to mull these questions over, as he soon finds himself in the killer\'s crosshairs.{{cite web}}'] ['Henry Wiggen is a star pitcher for the New York Mammoths, a fictitious Major League Baseball team. He is a valuable player to his manager, Dutch, but is in a dispute with the team\'s ownership, holding out for a new contract and more money. Henry also has a sideline as an insurance salesman working for the Arcturus Corporation, with ballplayers as his clients. One of Henry\'s teammates and best friend on the team is a catcher, Bruce Pearson, a player of limited skill and intellect. Teammates call Henry by the nickname "Author" because the brainy pitcher once wrote a book, although Bruce misunderstands the origin of the name and, with his thick Southern drawl, often calls him "Arthur" instead. The film opens with Henry and Bruce leaving the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota, where Bruce has been told he is terminally ill with Hodgkin\'s disease and has very little time left to live. Henry and Bruce drive down to Bruce\'s hometown in Georgia, because he has always wanted his only friend to see his old stomping grounds. On their first night there, Bruce burns his old baseball memorabilia in a way to acknowledge the inevitable end of his life. The team knows nothing about Bruce\'s fate. At spring training, Dutch is preparing to bench or release Bruce in favor of a hot young prospect, country boy Piney Woods. So management is amazed and confused when Henry ends his holdout and agrees to a new contract on one condition: that he and Bruce come as a package. If one is on the team, so is the other. If one\'s traded or sent down, the other goes too. Dutch tries everything he can think of to make Henry reveal why he insists that Bruce catch for him. In the meantime, the Mammoths are losing games and have a low morale, with teammates quarreling among themselves. Meanwhile, knowing that he is dying, Bruce wants Henry to change the beneficiary on his life insurance policy from his parents to his girlfriend Katie. She is interested only in Bruce\'s money, and is taking advantage of his limited intellect. One day when a player picks on Bruce, a frustrated Henry blurts out the fact that Bruce is dying. He asks that it remain confidential, but quickly teammates and Dutch all find out. They begin to treat Bruce differently and each other as well, and the team\'s play and mood both improve. Near the end of the season, Bruce becomes too ill to continue playing. The team goes on to win the World Series, but he returns to see his parents in Georgia. After the season is over, he passes away, and Henry vows that he won\'t "rag" on anyone again.'] [' Edmond Dantès and his friend, Fernand Mondego, officers of a French trading ship, head to Elba seeking medical attention for their captain. Dantès and Mondego are chased by English Dragoons who believe they are spies for the exiled Napoleon Bonaparte. The Emperor declares they are not his agents, and asks Dantès to give a letter to a friend in France. After the captain dies, they are sent on their way. Dantès is reprimanded by the ship\'s first mate, Danglars, for disobeying orders. However, the shipping company\'s boss, Morrell, commends Dantès\' bravery, promoting him to captain over Danglars. Mondego intercepts Dantès\' fiancée, Mercédès, and tries to seduce her. When he hears of Dantès\' promotion, Mondego realizes that Dantès will be able to marry Mercédès sooner than expected. Mondego gets drunk and tells Danglars about the letter Napoleon gave Dantès. Danglars has Dantès charged with treason and sent to magistrate J.F. Villefort. Villefort is sure of Dantès\' innocence, but discovers the addressee is Villefort\'s father, Clarion, a Bonapartist, whom he denounced to secure a promotion. Villefort burns the letter and fools Dantès into submitting to arrest, then attempts to send him to an island prison, Château d\'If. Dantès escapes and goes to Mondego for help, but Mondego wounds him so he cannot escape; when Dantès asks why he betrayed their friendship, Mondego says that he is angry that he wants to be Dantès despite his wealth and superior social position. Dantès is imprisoned in the Château d\'If. Meanwhile, news spreads that Napoleon has escaped from Elba. Mondego, Mercédès, Morrell and Dantès\' father go to Villefort to plead that Dantès is innocent, but Villefort rejects their efforts. Mercédès thanks Mondego for his support, but after she leaves Mondego and Villefort discuss their reasons for imprisoning Dantès. Mercédès is told that Dantès has been executed. In prison, Dantès befriends Abbé Faria, a priest and former soldier in Napoleon\'s army. Faria was imprisoned because he claimed not to know the location of the deceased Count Spada\'s fortune. For 13 years Faria educates Dantes, teaching him mathematics, literature, philosophy, economics, hand and sword combat and military strategy. While escaping, their tunnel caves in, mortally wounding Faria, who gives Dantès the location of Spada\'s treasure. When the guards put the priest into a body bag, Dantès removes the corpse, hides himself in the bag and is thrown into the sea. Dantès washes onto a desert island and encounters Luigi Vampa, a smuggler and thief. Vampa persuades Dantès to fight Jacopo, a traitor whom they intended to bury alive. Dantès defeats Jacopo but makes a deal with Vampa to let him live; Jacopo vows to serve Dantès for the rest of his life. Dantès joins the smugglers for three months, leaving when they arrive at Marseilles. Not recognizing him, Morrell tells Dantès that his father committed suicide upon learning of his imprisonment and that Mercédès has married Mondego. Danglars took over Morrell\'s shipping company after Morrell made him a partner. Dantès goes to the island of Monte Cristo, finds Spada\'s treasure and vows revenge on Mercédès, Mondego, Danglars and Villefort. Dantès becomes the "Count of Monte Cristo". He hires Vampa to stage a kidnapping of Mondego\'s son Albert and then "rescues" him, inviting the boy to his residence. In return, Albert invites the count to his sixteenth birthday at the Mondegos\' residence. Dantès meets with Villefort to discuss a shipment of unspecified property. Mondego meets with Villefort later that evening and mentions that his son heard Monte Cristo use the words gold, shipment and Spada. They believe the shipment is treasure and plot to steal it. At the party, Mercédès recognizes Dantès, with whom she is still in love. Jacopo allows her to hide in Monte Cristo\'s carriage to speak with him, wanting his master to abandon his obsession with revenge and simply live his life. Dantès does not admit to being her former lover, but accidentally says \'Edmond Dantès\'; Mercédès had never mentioned Edmond\'s last name. Dantès confronts Danglars with the police in tow; Danglars fights Dantès, who reveals his true identity before having Danglars arrested. Dantès gets Villefort to confess that he persuaded Mondego to kill Clarion in return for telling Mercédès that Dantès was executed. Villefort is charged with conspiracy to murder, and realizes Monte Cristo\'s true identity before being imprisoned. Mercédès admits that she still loves Dantès. After spending the night together, Dantès decides to take Mercédès and her son and leave France. Dantès has Mondego\'s debts called in, bankrupting him. Mondego is also due to be arrested for Piracy, Corruption, and Murder. Mercédès confronts Mondego, revealing she is leaving him and Albert is Dantès\' son; she only married him and claimed that the boy was born prematurely to hide his true paternity. Mondego leaves for his family estate, where the stolen gold shipment was to be taken. He finds that the chests are filled with dirt and sand, and that Dantès has arrived to take his revenge. Albert rushes to defend Mondego, until Mercédès reveals to Dantès and Albert that they are father and son. Mondego attempts to kill Mercédès, but only wounds her, as Jacopo throws off his aim. Mondego fights Dantès, and Dantès impales Mondego through the heart, killing him. Dantès returns to Château d\'If to pay homage to Faria and promises him that he has given up on revenge and will live a better life. He leaves the island with Mercédès, Albert and Jacopo.'] ["Oliver Watson  has never been luckier: he is a successful advertising executive, shares a marriage of eighteen years with Sarah  and has three loving kids: 17-year-old Ben , 15-year-old Melissa , and 9-year-old Sam . His perfect life suddenly falls apart when his wife Sarah announces that she wants to enter a graduate school 200 miles away from home, as she regrets that she gave up her bohemian protester's life and promising writing career to become the wife of a conservative traditionalist. A devastated Oliver tries to prevent her from going and even offers to move with her, but Sarah has made up her mind: she will enroll college and does not want any company. The children are just as displeased when they find out about her mother's decision, for which Ben and Melissa hold their father responsible. They start acting out as a reaction, which mostly affects Ben. Instead of attending classes and getting good grades, he spends most of his time with promiscuous teenager Bobbi Carver , whom he impregnates. Meanwhile, Oliver unsuccessfully tries to save his marriage, until Sarah announces that she is seeing someone else. Meanwhile, his mother's health is worsening, and after months of being kept alive through machines, his father George ([[John Anderson  decides to pull the plug. At the funeral, Sarah shows up to reveal her plans on filing for divorce. Feeling that his life has no purpose there anymore, Oliver accepts a job in Los Angeles. Melissa and Sam move with him, but Ben stays behind with Bobbi and their newly-born son Alexander. In California, Oliver falls in love with Charlotte Sampson , a successful actress in a popular TV series who dreams of a Broadway career. After a short romance, during which she also connects with the children, they become engaged. However, when she is offered a role on Broadway, Oliver fears the past will repeat itself. Rather than seeing his partner see slip away due to a long distance relationship, he breaks off their engagement. Meanwhile, Bobbi has suddenly left Ben and took Alexander with her. Desperate, Ben turns to Oliver, and together they fight successfully for sole custody. Afterwards, Ben visits Charlotte, and finds out that she has rejected the Broadway role. Although she is still mad at Oliver for cutting her out of his life, she agrees on visiting him, and they reconcile in the end."] ["Erksine, a family man, is the director and chief of staff of New Horizons, a group home and counseling center for abused boys. Glen is a child psychologist who meets a new patient named Tommy Jackson, who is a victim of emotional, physical, and sexual abuse. At New Horizons, Tommy's life finally seems to be coming together, until it is revealed that he is being molested by one of the counselors. Tommy accuses Erskine, the one he believes is responsible, and brings him to court in a high profile child sex abuse scandal."] ["Dolores Claiborne , a strong-willed and sarcastic woman, works as a domestic servant in a coastal town in Maine. The film opens with Dolores having an argument with her elderly, paralyzed employer Vera Donovan , after which Vera falls down the stairs. Dolores ransacks the kitchen and is then caught by a mailman as she stands over Vera with a rolling pin, apparently intending to kill Vera. Vera dies and the police begin an investigation, believing Dolores murdered Vera. The police, however, do not charge Dolores with a crime. Dolores' daughter, Selena St. George , a successful but depressed and alcoholic journalist, arrives in town to support her mother. Dolores insists that she did not kill her wealthy employer, but she finds little sympathy, as the entire town believes she murdered her husband, Joe St. George  almost 20 years earlier. some of the town's inhabitants harass her by vandalising her home, taunting her in the street and driving by her house, screaming at her. Detective John Mackey , who was the chief detective in her husband's murder case, is determined to put Dolores away for life. Selena also believes that Dolores killed her father, and so has not spoken to her mother in over a decade. Selena did not witness Dolores killing her father. As the film develops, it is revealed that Joe was an abusive alcoholic, and that one night Dolores had threatened to kill him if he ever harmed her again. The film's flashbacks also reveal that Dolores started to suspect Joe of molesting Selena. Dolores went to work for Vera Donovan as a housemaid in order to raise enough money to pay for Selena's education, but upon realizing that Joe had been molesting Selena, she goes to the bank to withdraw her money so she and Selena can flee Joe's wrath. The plan backfired, however, when the bank notifies Dolores that Joe stole the money from Selena's savings account. Back in the present, Dolores says that Vera had thrown herself down the staircase and, tired of her disabled life, begged Dolores to put her out of her misery, something Mackey refuses to believe; he reveals that Vera has left her entire fortune to Dolores. Mackey informs them that the will is eight years old, which nearly convinces Selena that her mother is guilty. After a fierce argument, Selena storms out, leaving her mother to fend for herself. Dolores finally decides that it is time to reveal the truth to Selena: She did in fact kill Joe, and it was actually Vera who suggested the plan to her. Dolores says that she had been pushed to the breaking point upon realizing that Joe had been molesting Selena, which Selena furiously denies. In a flashback to a scene some 20 years before, Vera engages in her regular ritual of berating Dolores, who breaks down crying and confesses her troubled home life. An unusually sympathetic Vera implies that she killed her late husband Jack, and engineered it to look like an accident. Vera's confession forms a bond between the two women and allows Dolores to take control of her own situation and future. As a total solar eclipse approaches, Dolores and Selena have an argument about Dolores' suspicions regarding Joe's sexual abuse of Selena. Selena flees home for the weekend to work at a hotel to raise money from the high number of tourists coming to watch the eclipse. Joe soon returns from working on a fishing boat, and as a treat, Dolores has bought him a bottle of Scotch. After Joe gets drunk, Dolores reveals that she knows that Joe has stolen from Selena's account and molested his own daughter. Dolores intentionally insults Joe and lures him into falling down an old well, leaving him to die as he plunges to the stone bottom. Selena hears the story on a tape left for her by Dolores, who had foreseen her departure. While on the ferry, Selena suddenly uncovers a repressed memory of her father forcing her to give him a handjob. She rushes back to her mother, who is attending the coroner's inquest, in which Mackey makes a case she be sent to a grand jury in an attempt to indict her for murder. Selena tells the police they have no evidence and that despite an often-stormy relationship, Vera and Dolores loved each other. Knowing that he has no admissible evidence, Mackey reluctantly drops the case. The film ends with Dolores and Selena making amends on the ferry wharf before Selena returns to New York."] ["Nelson saves himself and Wilson from hanging. They acquire jobs at Linday's ranch and then foil horse thieves."] ["Set in a small 1940s Alabama town, the film follows Collin Fenwick  as he is sent to live with his father's maiden cousins, the sweet Dolly  and the overbearing Verena , following the death of his mother. He soon discovers that the Talbo household is anything but normal. After also losing his father, Collin grows to be close to Dolly and Catherine  and becomes acquainted with the eccentric townspeople, from the gossip-loving barber  to a traveling evangelist with fifteen illegitimate kids . To escape Verena's oppression, Dolly, Collin, and Catherine run away to an old tree house in the woods. Their rebellion sparks a series of events that change their lives and the entire town as well.{{cite web}}<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/135059/The-Grass-Harp/overview |titleVan Gelder |first2008-10-22 |dateNew York Times}}"] ['Bonnie and Connie Jones are showgirls, who are also sisters. They are sick and tired of New York as well as not getting anywhere. Quitting Broadway, the sisters decided to travel to Paris to become famous and find true love.'] ['In the middle of the southern Pacific Ocean, a thousand feet below the surface, what is believed to be an alien spacecraft is discovered after a ship laying transoceanic cable has its cable cut and the United States Navy investigates the cause. The thickness of coral growth on the spaceship suggests that it has been there for almost 300 years. A team made up of marine biologist Dr. Beth Halperin , mathematician Dr. Harry Adams , astrophysicist Dr. Ted Fielding , psychologist Dr. Norman Goodman , and U.S. Navy Capt. Harold Barnes  are tasked with investigating the spaceship. The team  are housed in a state-of-the-art underwater living environment called the Habitat during their stay on the ocean floor. Upon entering the spaceship, the team makes several discoveries. The first is that the ship is not alien, and that it is in fact an American spaceship. They assume, due to the years of coral growth and advanced technology, that the craft is from the future. The last date in the ship\'s log, 06/21/43, does not indicate the specific century. The last entry in the log details an "Unknown  Event", which depicts the ship apparently falling into a black hole, resulting in its trip through time. The ship\'s mission apparently involved gathering objects from around the galaxy to bring back to Earth. An item of particular interest is a large, perfect sphere in the cargo hold. It is suspended a few feet above the ground and has an impenetrable fluid surface which reflects its surroundings but not, for some undetermined reason, people. Harry concludes from the classification of the event which sent the ship back that the Habitat crew is fated to die: it would not have been an "unknown event" if they had lived to report about it, he reasons. Harry soon sneaks back to the spaceship, and finds a way to enter the sphere. Soon after, a series of numeric-encoded messages begins to show up on the habitat\'s computer screens, and Harry and Ted are able to decipher the messages and converse with what appears to be an alien , which has been trapped in the sphere. They soon discover that "Jerry" can hear everything they are saying aboard the Habitat. Harry\'s entry into the sphere prevents the team from evacuating before the arrival of a powerful typhoon on the surface, forcing them to stay below for almost a week. A series of tragedies then befalls the crew: Fletcher, the navy technician, is killed by aggressive Sea Nettles. Later, Edmunds\' corpse is found drifting near the station, her body completely pulverised by what turns out to be a giant squid, which returns to attack the station. In the chaos that ensues, Barnes is cut in half by a computer operated door, and Ted is burned to death. Sea snakes attack Norman, though he is not injured. Jerry is suspected to be the cause of these incidents. Eventually, only Harry, Norman, and Beth remain. At this point, they realize that they have all entered the world of the perfect sphere. The Sphere has given them the power to manifest their thoughts into reality. As such, all of the disasters that had been plaguing them are the result of manifestations of the worst parts of their own minds. The name "Jerry" turns out to have been erroneously decoded and is actually spelled "Harry"; it is Harry\'s subconscious communicating with them through their computer system whenever he is asleep. At that point, Beth\'s suicidal thoughts trigger a countdown to detonate the explosives that were brought along to clear away the coral. They abandon the Habitat for the mini-sub, but their fears manifest an illusion of the spacecraft around them. Norman finally sees through the illusion, and punches the mini-sub\'s emergency surfacing button. The explosives destroy the habitat and the spaceship, but  the sphere itself remains undamaged. As the explosives detonate and create a huge blast wave below it, the mini-sub rises to the surface, to be quickly retrieved by the returning surface ships, permitting the survivors to begin safe decompression once on board a navy ship. The film ends with the three deciding to use their powers to erase their own memories before being debriefed, in order to prevent the knowledge about the sphere from falling into the wrong hands. Thus, Harry\'s paradox, in which they are alive yet no one has learned about the "unknown event," is resolved. As they erase their memories, the sphere emerges from the ocean and flies off into space.'] ["Bank teller Vince Grayson  dreams that he stabs a man in an octagonal room of mirrors and locks the body in a closet. When he wakes up, he discovers marks on his throat, a strange key and a button in his pocket, and blood on his cuff. Cliff Herlihy , his police officer brother-in-law, tries to convince him it was just a dream. A few days later, while trying to find cover from the rain, the pair finds themselves taking shelter in the strange house from Vince's dream. They discover that the police found two bodies in the house, one in the mirrored room and one run over in the driveway. Mrs. Belknap, who was run over by a car, gave the police a description matching Vince before she died. At first Vince is hopeful that he is innocent because he does not know how to drive, but he recognizes the victims from his dream. Overcome with remorse, he attempts suicide, but is rescued by Cliff. The detective uncovers clues that point to an evil hypnotist  manipulating Vince. They realize that the hypnotist is actually Mr. Belknap in disguise and try to trap him by pretending that Vince wants hush money. Belknap puts Vince under hypnosis and tries to get him to drown himself. Cliff rescues him from the lake and Mr. Belknap is killed in a car accident as he is trying to evade the police. It is implied that Vince will be acquitted of all charges since he killed the man in the mirrored room in self defense."] ['A magician shows a girl a magic trick, causing a bird to vanish and then reappear in his hand. Magician Alfred Borden  is sentenced for the murder of rival Robert Angier . Both were assistants for "Milton the Magician"  with ingénieur John Cutter . Angier\'s wife Julia  drowned performing a water cell act and Angier blames Borden, who professes not to remember if he had tied her with an inappropriate knot. The two become bitter competitors, disrupting each other\'s acts. Borden becomes "The Professor" with the enigmatic Bernard Fallon as his ingénieur while Angier becomes "The Great Danton" with the lovely Olivia Wenscombe  and Cutter assisting. The magic trick from the beginning of the movie is explained: the original bird is crushed and replaced with a double. Angier is incensed when Borden meets and marries Sarah  and they have a daughter, Jess . Angier sabotages Borden\'s bullet catch, costing Borden two fingers. Borden then ruins Angier\'s victimless bird cage act, maiming an audience member, killing the dove, and damaging Angier\'s reputation. Borden soon surprises with "The Transported Man", where he enters one cabinet and exits another. Angier and Cutter argue over its possibility, with Cutter insisting it is a double and Angier refusing to accept the possibility. Unable to understand Borden\'s trick, Angier hires a look-alike  actor Root  to allow him to steal Borden\'s general idea. "The New Transported Man" is a success, but Angier resents hiding under the stage as Root gets the applause. He sends Olivia to discover Borden’s secret but she resents the obsession and falls in love with Borden instead; she leaves Borden\'s encrypted diary of tricks to Angier as a parting gift. Borden already understood Angier\'s trick, but Olivia allows him to influence Root to ask for more pay; Borden then completely ruins the act by removing a pad below the stage\'s trap door, crippling Angier, and displaying a tied-up Root before the audience, turning the routine into an advertisement for his own show. Angier and Cutter capture and bury Fallon alive to be released for the key to Borden\'s trick and the keyword to the diary\'s cipher. Borden professes that both are "Tesla" and Angier pursues Nikola Tesla  to Colorado Springs alone after Cutter abandons him to his obsession. Angier pays Tesla to make a copy of a teleportation machine that he believed Borden used, providing the inventor with much-needed financing after Edison\'s smear campaign proves successful in drying up other sources. Angier finishes deciphering Borden\'s diary to discover it was a fraud supplied by Olivia, but an angry confrontation with Tesla reveals that his machine actually works, but creates duplicates. Thomas Edison\'s henchmen arrive to torch the lab and Tesla leaves, although not before completing Angier\'s machine and warning him to destroy it. Meanwhile, Borden\'s preoccupation with magic and affair with Olivia alienate Sarah, who hangs herself. Borden\'s cold response then leaves Olivia disaffected. Angier returns to London, electrifying audiences with "The Real Transported Man", vanishing within the machine and reappearing in the back of the hall. In reality, the machine creates a duplicate; it is left unclear whether the original Angier is teleported or remains in the machine, but the one left in the machine falls through a trap door and plunges into a water cell, drowning. The tanks are disposed of by blind stage hands every night. Borden witnesses Angier drown while snooping backstage and tries to save him but is caught and convicted of murder, the opening of the film. In prison, Borden is visited by the agent of a Lord Caldlow, who offers to care for Jess in exchange for Borden\'s secrets. Borden is given Angier\'s diary and finds his conviction has been orchestrated, then discovers that Lord Caldlow is the yet-living Angier when the lord arrives to collect the secrets. Borden attempts to give them but Caldlow rips them to pieces without reading them, before leaving with Jess. Borden is hanged, after commanding Fallon to live for them both. Cutter learns that Caldlow has bought all of Angier\'s tricks, including the machine, and visits Caldlow\'s estate to plead for its destruction. He recognises Angier, who admits he has always been Lord Caldlow but pretended to be the American Robert Angier to spare his family the embarrassment of his theatrical career. Cutter realises Borden\'s death was planned but, unable to have Caldlow come forward, accompanies him to store Tesla\'s machine beneath his theatre among the tanks previously used for the duplicates. On his way out, Cutter recognises and nods to Fallon as Fallon enters and shoots Caldlow. Fallon\'s disguise removed, he tells the dying Caldlow that he and Borden were identical twins who shared their lives on stage and off. He removed the ends of his own fingers to duplicate Borden\'s injury and the two shared lovers to maintain the illusion of being a single man. Fallon reveals they each loved one woman — Borden loved their late wife Sarah and survived, while Fallon loved their mistress Olivia and died. Caldlow reveals his machine\'s own trick, repeatedly recreating Julia\'s suffering in order to bask in the admiration of the crowd. Borden leaves him to die as a fire consumes the building. The first scene of the film replays, with the magician  vanishing  the bird for the delight of the little girl . This time, the scene continues and Fallon/Borden appears to reclaim his daughter."The Prestige". DailyScript.com. Retrieved August 27, 2012.'] ['In the 21st century , the penal system is now run by corporations, with prisoners seen as corporate assets. John Robbins, an ex-marine of the Force Recon is imprisoned for a life sentence related to the murder of his commanding officer, after a shady military operation in Benghazi  in 2011. This event that still haunts Robbins over a decade later. Robbins had escaped from two "level 5" maximum security prisons and he is now incarcerated in a "level 6" facility run by the  warden. After the Warden reviews his file and meets him face to face, Robbins is thrown in a cell, where a fellow prisoner offers him food, and hastily tells him about "Absolom"{{sic}}, an island where they send the worst prisoners{{emdash}}a place feared more than the prison. The warden is convinced that Robbins\' military skills are a threat that justifies his exile to the island. After being deposited on the island by a gunship , Robbins is captured by the \'Outsiders\', who are led by a sociopath named Marek. The island{{emdash}}previously a private retreat with dilapidated houses and a swimming pool{{emdash}}is where the Outsiders have established a base. Marek informs Robbins that the average life expectancy of a prisoner is six months but he had beat the odds for seven years and then insists he fight one of his men for his amusement. Robbins impresses them by killing the opponent and Marek offers Robbins a position within his gang, in response to which Robbins knocks Marek into a pool and steals a rocket launcher that Marek carries. He flees from the Outsiders and is pursued through the jungle, avoiding crude booby traps. He ends up trapped at the edge of a high cliff and is shot in the neck by a blowgun dart. He falls into the river at the cliff\'s base, where he washes up on some rocks and is retrieved by another group, the \'Insiders.\' At the camp, Robbins awakens to the Insiders  who are led by a man called \'The Father.\' The Father put together a co-operative community with laws opposed to the tyranny of the Outsiders. The Insiders has about 100 in their group while the various Outsider groups total 600. Robbins learns that he is the only person to have ever challenged and escape from Marek and that the weapon he stole had been appropriated for the good of the community. The Father notes his resourcefulness and asks if Robbins will join him. He refuses and says he wants to leave Absolom. The Father orders Robbins to be taken to the shore where he learns from the men that there are gunships 50 miles off the coast and that they are being tracked by infrared satellite technology. Robbins is determined to escape from Absolom, even if he has to fight against all the Outsider gangs on the island.'] ['Three boys, Jimmy Markum, Sean Devine and Dave Boyle, play hockey in a Boston street in 1975. Spotting wet concrete, the boys commence writing their names into it when a car pulls up with two men, pretending to be police officers. One of the men gets out and berates the boys for their actions, and tells Dave to get into the car. The men are pedophiles, and hold Dave captive and sexually abuse him for four days, until he escapes. Twenty-five years later, the boys are now grown and, while they still live in Boston, have drifted apart. Jimmy  is an ex-con running a neighborhood store, while Dave  is a blue-collar worker, still haunted by his abduction. The two are still neighbors and related by marriage. Jimmy\'s 19-year-old daughter Katie  is secretly dating Brendan Harris, a boy Jimmy despises. She and Brendan are planning to run away together to Las Vegas. Katie goes out for the night with her girlfriends and is seen by Dave at a local bar. That night, Katie is murdered, and Dave comes home with an injured hand and blood on his clothes, which his wife Celeste  helps him clean up. Dave claims that he fought off a mugger and "bashed his head into the concrete", and possibly killed him. Sean , who is now a detective with the Massachusetts State Police, investigates Katie\'s murder. In a subplot, Sean\'s pregnant wife Lauren has left him. Over the course of the film, Sean and his partner, Sergeant Whitey Powers , track down leads while Jimmy conducts his own investigation using his neighborhood connections. Sean discovers that the gun used to kill Katie was also used in a liquor store robbery during the 1980s by "Just Ray" Harris, the father of Katie\'s boyfriend. Harris has been missing since 1989, but Brendan claims he still sends his family $500 every month. Brendan also feigns ignorance about Ray\'s gun but Sean believes that it was still in the house. Sergeant Powers suspects Dave as a possible perpetrator because he was one of the last people to see Katie alive. He also has a wounded hand and even though he continues to tell his wife he got it while being mugged, he tells the police a different story – soon Jimmy becomes suspicious of it. Dave continues to behave strangely, which upsets his wife to the point she is afraid he will hurt her. While Jimmy and his associates conduct their investigation, Dave\'s wife eventually tells Jimmy about Dave\'s behavior and the bloody clothing and her suspicions. Jimmy and his friends get Dave drunk at a local bar. When Dave leaves the bar, the men follow him out. Jimmy tells Dave that he shot "Just Ray" Harris at that same location for ratting him out and sending him to jail. Jimmy informs Dave that his wife thinks he murdered Katie and tells Dave that he will let him live if he confesses; if he does not he will kill him. Dave repeatedly tells Jimmy that he did kill someone but it was not Katie: he beat a child molester to death after finding him having sex with a child prostitute in a car. Jimmy does not believe Dave\'s claim and threatens him with a knife. When Dave finally admits to killing Katie thinking he can escape with his life, Jimmy kills him and disposes of his body in the adjacent Mystic River. While Dave is being killed, Brendan  confronts his younger brother Ray Jr. and his brother\'s friend John about Katie\'s murder. He beats the two boys and threatens to kill them if they do not admit their guilt, but he is almost shot by John. Sean and Powers arrive just in time to stop it. The next morning, Sean tells Jimmy that the police have Katie\'s murderers – who have confessed. She was killed by Brendan\'s brother and his friend John O\'Shea in a violent prank gone wrong: The kids got hold of Just Ray\'s gun and saw a car coming which happened to be Katie. John aimed the gun just to scare her but the gun went off by accident. The car veered onto the curb and Katie got out and ran into the park. Silent Ray and John pursued her so she wouldn\'t tell anyone. The beating Katie received was from Silent Ray who had a hockey stick. Once she was beaten, John shot her again, killing her. Sean asks Jimmy if he has seen Dave, because he is wanted for questioning in another case, the murder of a known child molester. A distraught Jimmy thanks Sean for finding his daughter\'s killers, but says "if only you had been a little faster." Sean asks Jimmy if he\'s going to "send Celeste Boyle $500 a month too?". Sean reunites with his wife and his daughter Nora, after apologizing for "driving her away". Jimmy goes to his wife, Annabeth  and confesses. She comforts him and tells him that he is a king and that kings always make the right decision. At a town parade, Sean sees Jimmy, and mimics shooting him, to let Jimmy know he is watching.'] ['The film opens to a fictionalized Daniel Defoe being offered to read a castaway\'s autobiography. He grudgingly obliges and begins to get engrossed in the narrative. Robinson Crusoe  is a Scottish gentleman with experience in the Royal Navy and the British army. He accidentally kills his lifelong friend Patrick  in a duel over his childhood love Mary. Patrick\'s brothers arrive and threaten Crusoe, but his page manages to buy time for an escape. Fleeing back to Mary, Crusoe subsequently ends up leaving for a year so that Mary can attempt to smooth over relations with Patrick\'s family. Crusoe joins the merchant marine transporting assorted cargoes between ports in the Pacific, Indian and Atlantic oceans. He chronicles the ship\'s journeys at the behest of the captain until a typhoon shipwrecks him near the coast of New Guinea. In his first day aboard the island he buries other crew members who had washed up on the surrounding beaches. The next day he headed to the ship, which had beached itself on a reef. He salvages tools, supplies and weapons from the ship. Crusoe also frees the captain\'s corgi Skipper from a supply room. Crusoe begins to acclimate himself to the island while hoping for a passing European ship. One day a ship finally appears, but Crusoe notices it too late to be rescued. Crusoe resolves to acclimate himself to the island and moves inland, building a shelter and growing food. One day he hears ominous drums and human voices. Investigating the noises he finds a tribe from a nearby island making human sacrifices. After two prisoners have been sacrificed Crusoe intervenes by firing his weapon, which allows the third prisoner  to escape. Later he meets the escaped native and attempts to befriend him. Cultural and language barriers prevent him from communicating before they are attacked by a group of the tribesmen. He witnesses the native cut out the heart of a defeated enemy and calls him a savage heathen before fleeing to his shelter and preparing a defence. Days later Crusoe falls into a snare laid by the native. Crusoe communicates the danger and potency of his firearms on a bat, which allows them to begin communicating. He names the man Friday and has himself referred to as Master. Within six months Friday has learned the basics of English, but when Crusoe attempts to convert him to Christianity, Friday refuses and an argument ensues. Friday separates himself from Crusoe. Missing the companionship, Crusoe attempts to make peace with Friday. Reunited, the two set a trap for the tribe of natives who attempted to sacrifice Friday before. Once they arrive Crusoe lights a fuse leading to a load of gunpowder, but Skipper chases after the lit fuse and also dies in the explosion. At Skipper\'s funeral Crusoe gains a deeper appreciation for Friday\'s religion. Later Crusoe decides they must leave the island due to an impending attack by the native tribe. Friday mentions that he has heard of New Britain. He says he cannot take Crusoe to his home island because he is considered dead for being a sacrifice and he cannot go to New Britain because the Europeans enslave his people. Friday subsequently learns that "Master" is not Crusoe\'s real name, but an indicator of enslavement and once again leaves Crusoe, who subsequently attempts to build a canoe to get to New Britain by himself. A typhoon arrives while Crusoe has nearly finished his boat. Friday returns and accepts that Crusoe had decided not to make him a slave. The two attempt to salvage their crops and wildlife, but the typhoon destroys them – as well as Crusoe\'s canoe. The pair set traps to defend the island, but expect to die in the defence. The tribesmen arrive in force. Crusoe and Friday manage to defend the island, but Crusoe is shot by an arrow. Friday decides to try to save Crusoe by taking him to his home island. Upon arriving there Friday\'s tribe capture Crusoe, believing him to have come to enslave the people. They force Crusoe to fight Friday to the death for his freedom. After sparing Friday, Friday is about to land a killing blow when he is hit by a bullet. But Crusoe was very upset and got angry because Friday was his friend. A European scout party rescues Crusoe and returns him to England where he is reunited with Mary.'] [' Jack Torrance  arrives at the Overlook Hotel to interview for the position of winter caretaker, with the aim of using the hotel\'s solitude to work on his writing. The hotel itself is built on the site of a Native American burial ground and becomes completely snowed in during the long winters. Manager Stuart Ullman  warns him that a previous caretaker developed cabin fever and killed his family and himself. Jack\'s son, Danny , has ESP and has had a terrifying premonition about the hotel. Jack\'s wife, Wendy , tells a visiting doctor that Danny has an imaginary friend called Tony and that Jack has given up drinking because he had hurt Danny\'s arm after a binge. The family arrives at the hotel on closing day and is given a tour. The African-AmericanHallorann\'s race is of much greater significance in King\'s novel IT than in this story, although in the film the ghost butler and Jack Torrance refer to Hallorann using racial slurs . African-Americans with supernatural powers are a recurring motif in King\'s novels. chef Dick Hallorann  surprises Danny by telepathically offering him ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared this telepathic ability, which he calls "shining". Danny asks if there is anything to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly Room 237. Hallorann tells Danny that the hotel itself has a "shine" to it along with many memories, not all of which are good. He also tells Danny to stay out of Room 237. A month passes; while Jack\'s writing project goes nowhere, Danny and Wendy explore the hotel\'s hedge maze. Wendy becomes concerned about the phone lines being out due to the heavy snowfall and Danny has more frightening visions. Jack, increasingly frustrated, starts acting strangely and becomes prone to violent outbursts. Danny\'s curiosity about Room 237 gets the better of him when he sees the room\'s door open. Later, he shows up injured and visibly traumatized, causing Wendy to accuse Jack of abusing Danny. Jack wanders into the hotel\'s Gold Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd . Lloyd serves him bourbon on the rocks while Jack complains to him about his marriage. Wendy later tells Jack that Danny told her that a "crazy woman in one of the rooms" was responsible for his injuries. Jack investigates Room 237 where he encounters the ghost of a dead woman, but tells Wendy he saw nothing. Wendy and Jack argue about whether Danny should be removed from the hotel and a furious Jack returns to the Gold Room, now filled with ghosts having a costume party. Here, he meets the ghost of the previous caretaker, Grady , who tells Jack that he must "correct" his wife and child. Meanwhile, in Florida, Hallorann has a premonition that something is wrong at the hotel and takes a flight back to Colorado to investigate. Danny starts calling out "redrum" frantically and goes into a trance, now referring to himself as "Tony".{{anchor}} While searching for Jack, Wendy discovers his typewriter; he has been typing endless pages of manuscript repeating "all work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" formatted in various styles. She is confronted by Jack, who threatens her before she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat. She manages to drag him into the kitchen and lock him in the pantry, but this does not solve her larger problem; she and Danny are trapped at the hotel since Jack has sabotaged the hotel\'s two-way radio and snowcat. Later, Jack converses through the pantry door with Grady, who then unlocks the door, releasing him. Danny writes "REⱭЯUM" in lipstick on the bathroom door. When Wendy sees this in the bedroom mirror, the letters spell out "MURDƎЯ".In both forwards and backwards orientations, two of the six letters are displayed backwards, the middle DR for REDRUM and the final ER for MURDER. Jack begins to chop through the door leading to his family\'s living quarters with a fire axe. Wendy frantically sends Danny out through the bathroom window, but can\'t get through it herself. Jack then starts chopping through the bathroom door as Wendy screams in horror; he leers through the hole he has made, shouting "Here\'s Johnny!", but backs off after Wendy slashes his hand with a butcher knife. Hearing the engine of the snowcat Hallorann has borrowed to get up the mountain, Jack leaves the room. He kills Hallorann in the lobby and pursues Danny into the hedge maze. Wendy runs through the hotel looking for Danny, encountering several ghosts and a huge cascade of blood from an elevator. Meanwhile, Danny walks backwards in his own tracks and leaps behind a corner, covering his tracks with snow to mislead Jack, who is following his footprints. Wendy and Danny escape in Hallorann\'s snowcat, while Jack freezes to death in the hedge maze. In a photograph in the hotel hallway dated July 4, 1921, Jack Torrance smiles amid a crowd of party revelers.'] ['{{Plot}} The film opens with Cardinal Wolsey summoning Sir Thomas More to his palace at Hampton Court. Desiring his support in obtaining a divorce from the Pope so that Henry VIII of England can marry Anne Boleyn, Wolsey chastises More for being the only member of the Privy Council to argue against him. When More states that the Pope will never grant a divorce, he is scandalised by Wolsey\'s suggestion that they apply "pressure" in order to force the issue. More refuses to support continued efforts to secure an annulment for Henry VIII from the Pope as legal and religious options having been exhausted, provide no grounds for the Pope to issue an annulment. Returning by a River Thames ferry to his home at Chelsea, More finds Richard Rich, a young acquaintance from Cambridge waiting by the dock for his return. An ambitious young man, who is drawn to the allure of power, Rich pleads with More for a position at Court, but More, citing the various corruptions there, advises him to become a teacher instead. Entering the house, More finds his daughter Meg with a young Lutheran named William Roper, who announces his desire to marry her. More, a devout Catholic, announces that his answer is "no" as long as Roper remains a heretic. Shortly afterwards, Wolsey dies, banished from Court in disgrace, having failed to coerce a divorce from the Pope. King Henry appoints More as Lord Chancellor of England. Soon after, the King makes an "impromptu" visit by barge at More\'s home in Chelsea to inquire about his divorce. Sir Thomas, not wishing to admit that his conscience forbids him to dissolve what he considers a valid marriage, remains unmoved as the King alternates thinly-veiled threats with promises of unbounded Royal favour. When More finally refers to Catherine as "the Queen," the King explodes into a raging tantrum. Storming off in a huff, King Henry returns to his barge and orders the oarsmen to cast off. His courtiers are left to run through the mud and into the river to catch up as the King laughs hysterically at their predicament. At the embankment, Rich is approached by Thomas Cromwell, a member of Henry\'s court and political adversary of More. Cromwell subtly inquires whether Rich has information that could damage More\'s reputation, in exchange for a position at Court. Roper, learning of More\'s quarrel with the King, reveals that his religious opinions have altered considerably. He declares that by attacking the Catholic Church, the King has become "the Devil\'s minister." An alarmed More admonishes him to be more guarded as Rich arrives, pleading again for a position at Court. When More again refuses, Rich denounces More\'s steward as a spy for Cromwell. Now, More and his family, including wife Alice learn the ugly truth: Rich is being manipulated by Cromwell to spy on him. As a humiliated Rich leaves, More\'s family pleads with him to have Rich arrested. More refuses, stating that Rich, while dangerous, has broken no law. Still seeking a position at Court, Rich enlists Cromwell\'s patronage and joins him in attempting to bring down More. Henry, tired of awaiting for an annulment from the Vatican, redefines the Catholic Church in England by declaring himself "Supreme Head of the Church in England." He demands that both the bishops and Parliament renounce all allegiance to the Holy See. More quietly resigns his post as Chancellor rather than accept the new order. As he does so, his close friend, Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk, attempts to draw his opinions out as part of a friendly chat with no witnesses present. More, however, knows that the time for speaking openly of such matters is over. The King will not be appeased. It is suggested that More attend his wedding to Anne Boleyn. More declines and is summoned again to Hampton Court, now occupied by Cromwell. More is interrogated on his opinions but refuses to answer, citing it as his right under English Law. Cromwell angrily declares that the King now views him as a traitor. More returns home and is met by his daughter. Meg informs him that a new oath about the marriage is being circulated and that all must take it on pain of high treason. Initially, More says he would be willing to take the oath, provided it does not conflict with his principles. One issue for More is that the King cannot declare himself to be the head of the Catholic Church as the head of the Catholic Church is the Pope. However, an expert in the law, More knows that if he does not state why he is opposed to taking the oath, he cannot be considered a traitor to the King; More refuses to take the oath and is imprisoned in the Tower of London regardless. In spite of the bullying tactics of Cromwell, the subtle manipulation of Archbishop Thomas Cranmer and the pleadings of both Norfolk and his family, More remains steadfast in his refusal to take the oath. When he is finally brought to trial, he remains silent until after being convicted of treason on the perjured testimony of Richard Rich. He is then informed that Rich had been appointed as Attorney General for Wales as a reward. Now having nothing left to lose, More angrily denounces the illegal nature of the King\'s actions, citing the Biblical basis for the authority of the Papacy over Christendom. He further declares that the immunity of the Church from State interference is guaranteed both in Magna Carta and in the King\'s own Coronation Oath. As the spectators scream in protest, More is condemned to death. A narrator intones the epilogue. :Thomas More\'s head was stuck on Traitor\'s Gate for a month. Then his daughter, Margaret, removed it and kept it \'til her death. Cromwell was beheaded for high treason five years after More. The Archbishop was burned at the stake. The Duke of Norfolk should have been executed for high treason but the King died of syphilis the night before. Richard Rich became Chancellor of England and died in his bed.'] ['Tony Fitzjohn  has just come to work on Kora, a lion preserve, for two elderly brothers, George and Terrence Adamson . On the first day Fitzjohn goes against George’s advice and is nearly mauled by a lion. Being informed this is how the last person to fill his position came to be killed, he writes the whole place off as crazy and decides to leave. With a last minute change of heart, and a lion cub brought in from a zoo for him to train and reintroduce into the wild he soon discovers his life’s true calling. Years pass and Kora’s lions are being picked off by herdsmen one by one with bullets and poison and the elephants and rhinos are being poached at an alarming rate for their tusks and horns. The Adamson brothers are expending all of their energies in protecting the wildlife but can hardly compete; as Fitzjohn observes “A ranger may make 800 shillings a month but a poacher will pay him 10,000 just to turn his back for a day”. The odds seem to be insurmountable as the poachers pile in and the animal death toll rises while the local government decides that it doesn’t really want a wildlife preserve at all.'] ['The film begins with a U.S. Army fort destroyed and burned as an U.S. Army Cavalry patrol combs the ruins for survivors, but everyone is dead. The commander of the cavalry patrol is dictating a report to his clerk in the office of the fort\'s commander. Held prisoner in the former commander\'s office is the Arapahoe war chief, Hanu, who led the raid. He will say very little. And all the searchers can find is a single grave and a Colt pistol left behind by a gunman Hanu remembers as a "quiet, lonely man..." After finding the Arapahoes starving, a wandering gunman named Chuka  gives them the last of his food. "For the Children", he says. His gift impresses Hanu. Later, Chuka encounters a stagecoach with Mexican passengers Senora Veronica Kleitz  and her niece Senorita Helena Chavez . The Arapahoes arrive, led by Hanu. Everyone is prepared for death, but Hanu recognizes Chuka and simply rides on. Later, Chuka finds himself stranded in an isolated U.S. Army fort with the coach and passengers. The fort\'s second-in-comomand. Major Benson, asks the stage driver about the "saddle tramp" hanging around the stable and is told not to let him hear Benson calling him that, warning him: "That, Major, is a hired gun. He\'s called Chuka and he is fast. Awful fast." The fort\'s commander, Colonel Stuart Valois , is worried that the Arapahoes may have ambushed his overdue patrol and refuses to allow the civilians to leave. He sends out his scout Lou Trent  to reconnoiter, but his horse returns without him. Meanwhile, it is revealed that nearly everyone in the fort has a past they would rather forget. Before he became a hired gunman, Chuka was in love with Kleitz, but because he was only a lowly hired hand on her wealthy father\'s ranch, he was beaten and run off and she dutifully married a man selected by her father from their own social class. The soldiers are the dregs of the army. Valois was cashiered from the British Army for suspected cowardice for being drunk when his command was attacked. His second in command, Major Benson  is a card cheat, while Lieutenant Daly was acquitted of the charge of treason. Only Sergeant Otto Hansbach  is a first-rate soldier; he had served with then British Captain Valois in the Sudan and owes his life to Valois. Hansbach tells Chuka that when Hansbach was a young soldier under Valois\'s command in the Sudan he blundered and was captured by the enemy. Valois\'s and his unit raided the enemy camp and rescued Hansbach from horrible torture and certain death. But Valois himself is captured by the enemy during this raid and is left behind when his unit is forced to withdraw during the enemy\'s counter-attack. Valois is horribly tortured by the enemy and it is implied that they castrated him during the torturing. Valois\'s unit eventually rescues him but he is scarred physically and psychologically by the events. Hansbach tells Chuka because of this he will always serve under Valois\'s command and never question his courage. Chuka tries to renew the relationship with Kleitz, now a widow, but she tells him it is too late. He offers to take the two women to safety, but by the time Kleitz asks him to save her niece, the fort is under siege. Chuka agrees  to sneak out and scout the enemy for Valois; in the process, he rescues Trent. Chuka then pleads with Valois to abandon the fort, since Hanu , the Arapahoe leader, only wants the food supplies in the fort, but Valois is determined to find out if he really is a coward or not, even though he is hopelessly outnumbered. He has to put down an attempted mutiny, killing the ringleader Spivey ([[Michael Cole . That night, as they wait for the impending attack, Senora Kleitz goes to Chuka, and they make love. The next day, the Indians attack. Senora Kleitz is killed early on, as is Valois; with his last words, the colonel mourns the fact that he was struck down too soon, never to learn if he was a coward. With nearly everyone else dead and himself seriously wounded, Chuka hides with Helena Chavez. The victorious Arapahoes take the supplies and leave. As they pass, Chuka has his pistol at Helena\'s head. ready to kill her to keep her from the Indians. But Hanu again recognizes him and rides on, letting them both live. The debt he owes this man is now paid in full. We return to the present where the commander of the cavalry relief column is finishing his report. He speaks about the grave and the gun and that he will not disturb the grave. Of Chuka - and Helena - there is no sign, but the inference is that the gunman has put away his past and taken Helena away, paying his debt to Kleitz.'] ['Mattie Ross  explains that her father was murdered by one of his hired hands, Tom Chaney , when she was 14 years old. While collecting her father\'s body, Mattie queries the local sheriff about the search for Chaney. After being told that Chaney has fled into Indian Territory where the sheriff has no authority, she inquires about hiring a Deputy U.S. Marshal. The sheriff gives three recommendations, and Mattie chooses to hire Rooster Cogburn  whom the sheriff had described as being the "meanest." The taciturn, one-eyed Cogburn rebuffs her offer, not believing she has the reward money to hire him. She raises the money by aggressively horse-trading with Colonel Stonehill , who did business with her father. Meanwhile, Texas Ranger LaBoeuf  arrives on the trail of Chaney for the murder of a Texas state senator. LaBoeuf proposes to team up with Cogburn, who knows the Choctaw terrain where Chaney is hiding, but Mattie refuses his offer because she wishes Chaney to be hanged in Arkansas for her father\'s murder, not in Texas for killing the senator. Mattie also insists on traveling with Cogburn to search for Chaney. But Cogburn later leaves without her, having gone with LeBoeuf to apprehend Chaney. After being refused passage on the ferry that conveyed Cogburn and LaBoeuf, Mattie crosses the river on horseback. LaBoeuf expresses his displeasure by birching Mattie with a switch rod, but Cogburn eventually stops him. After a dispute over their respective service with the Confederate States of America&mdash;Cogburn served with Quantrill\'s Raiders and LaBoeuf with Edmund Kirby Smith&mdash;Cogburn ends their arrangement and LaBoeuf leaves. Later, while pursuing the "Lucky" Ned Pepper  gang that Chaney is supposedly traveling with, the two meet a trail doctor who directs them to an empty dugout for shelter. There they find two outlaws, Quincey  and Moon . As Moon is interrogated by Cogburn, Moon is fatally stabbed by Quincey, whom Cogburn then shoots dead. Before dying, Moon says Pepper and his gang will be returning later that night. Just before the Pepper gang arrives, LaBoeuf arrives at the dugout and is taken hostage. Cogburn, hiding on the hillside with Mattie, shoots and kills two gang members, but Pepper escapes. The next day, Cogburn gets in a drunken argument with LaBoeuf, who departs once again. While getting water from a nearby stream, Mattie encounters Chaney. She shoots him, but he survives and drags her back to Ned, who forces Cogburn to leave by threatening to kill her. Being short a horse, Ned leaves Mattie with Chaney, ordering him not to harm her or he will not get paid after his remount arrives. Once alone, Chaney disobeys Ned and tries to kill Mattie. LaBoeuf appears and knocks Chaney out, explaining that he rode back when he heard the shots, and he and Cogburn devised a plan. They watch from a cliff as Cogburn takes on the remaining members of Ned\'s gang, killing two and wounding Ned, before his horse is struck and falls, trapping Cogburn\'s leg. Before Pepper can kill Cogburn, LaBoeuf shoots and kills Pepper from roughly four hundred yards away. Chaney comes to and attacks LaBoeuf, knocking him out. Mattie seizes LaBoeuf\'s rifle and shoots Chaney dead in the chest. The recoil, however, knocks her into a deep pit containing rattlesnakes. Cogburn arrives, but Mattie is bitten before he can get to her. Cogburn rides day and night to get Mattie to a doctor, carrying her on foot after her horse collapses from exhaustion, finally making his way to a trading post. Twenty-five years later, Mattie  — now 40 and with only one arm, the result of an amputation necessitated by gangrene from the snakebite — receives a note from Cogburn inviting her to meet him at a traveling Wild West show that he now performs in. She arrives, only to learn that Cogburn died three days earlier. She has his body moved to her family cemetery. Standing over Cogburn\'s grave, she reflects on her decision to move his remains, about never having married, and how time catches up with everyone.'] ['The plot follows the lives of three Lancashire farm children who discover a fugitive hiding in their barn. The bearded man, referred to as “Blakey” by the police, is mistaken for Jesus by the children, who are influenced by stories they have recently heard at Sunday school. The fugitive makes no attempt to correct their mistake, especially when he discovers the eldest child, Kathy, is determined to protect him from discovery by the local police. We learn from a poster that he is wanted for murder. Most of the children in the nearby small town eventually become aware that “Jesus” is living in the barn, complicating Kathy’s attempt at keeping it a secret. When the news finally reaches an adult, Kathy’s father, the police are called in to apprehend the criminal. The child inhabitants of the village, perhaps 100 of them by now in on the secret, converge on the barn. Convinced that she has let Jesus down, Kathy sneaks behind the structure and apologizes to Blakey that she could no longer protect him. He forgives the girl and, after much prompting from Kathy, promises she will see him again. Resigned to his fate, Blakey tosses his revolver out of the barn door and surrenders to the police. Once Blakey is taken away and the crowd disperses, Kathy is approached by two very young children who ask to see Jesus. She tells them that they missed him this time, but he will be back.'] ["On November 13, 1974, at 3:15am, Ronald DeFeo, Jr. shot and killed his family at their home, 112 Ocean Avenue in Amityville, New York. He killed five members of his family in their beds, but his youngest sister, Jodie, had been killed in her bedroom closet. He claimed that he was persuaded to kill them by voices he had heard in the house. George and Kathy Lutz and her three children from a previous marriage, Billy, Michael and Chelsea move into what they believe will be their dream home, 112 Ocean Avenue situated on the waterfront in Amityville. When George questions the asking price, which is well below market value, the realtor confesses the house was the scene of a brutal murder. Despite some misgivings, George acquiesces to his wife's wishes and purchases the property. Almost immediately, the family is plagued by a series of unexplained and apparently supernatural happenings. Refrigerator magnets rearrange themselves to spell out the message KATCH EM, KILL EM. Daughter Chelsea  claims that she had befriended with a girl named Jodie, the same name of one of the slaughtered DeFeo children. Chelsea also inexplicably acquires Jodie's teddy bear, with whom Jodie was buried. George frequently complains of the cold and starts spending large amounts of time in the basement, where he hears garbled voices coming from the furnace, an old television, and an unplugged clock radio reading 3:15, the time the DeFeos supposedly were killed. The locked boathouse door repeatedly is found open, blood seeps from the walls, George momentarily sees an apparition of Jodie behind Kathy as the digital clock from the basement, now by their bed, flicks from 3:14 to 3:15 am and the family dog incessantly barks at things only he can see. Babysitter Lisa is trapped in a bedroom closet that has a door with no lock yet will not open, and when she is finally released, hysterically insists she saw Jodie, who took her finger and put it inside her wound to the head. At Kathy's behest, local priest Father Callaway comes to bless the house, but is driven away when his holy water sizzles as it hits the walls and he is attacked by a swarm of flies. He later tells Kathy the battered stuffed animal Chelsea has, belonged to Jodie DeFeo and was buried with her. George's behavior becomes increasingly bizarre, and he begins to mistreat and taunt his stepchildren he once clearly adored. As the paranormal events escalate, Kathy decides to research the history of her home in the library's public records. There she discovers it once belonged to a mysterious cult preacher named Father Katchem , who tortured and killed Native Americans in the basement. Upon investigating she finds numerous bodies in the walls of the house. Kathy is convinced the man's evil spirit has taken control of her husband. By the urgent request of Father Callaway, she races home to remove her children from the house and take them to safety. Meanwhile, George has broken through the basement wall and discovered a secret chamber, where he has visions of Father Katchem and his numerous victims. Apparently possessed and no longer able to control his impulses, George chases his family with a shotgun. In a desperate struggle, George screams for Kathy to kill him, but Kathy manages to knock him out and with the help of the children binds his hands and feet and carries him to the boathouse, from which they make their escape by water. George regains consciousness and urges Kathy to get them as far away from the house as possible. A note comes below the screen, which tells viewers - how Lutz family left the house within 28 days of their stay and never came back, leaving their things behind. Jodie is seen standing in the front doorway. As she starts screaming and crying, the clocks throughout the house reset themselves to 3:15, misplaced objects go back to where they were and the girl is pulled through the hallway floor by an unknown force. The evil spirits had gone and now, the Lutz family can live in peace in a different state."] ['Lucas Jackson  is arrested for cutting the heads off a small town\'s parking meters one drunken night in the early 1960s. He is sentenced to two years in prison and sent to a Florida prison camp, run by the heartless Captain . Luke is revealed to be a decorated Korean War veteran. The screen play and the scene\'s direction begins the introduction and exposition of the uniqueness of his character to this setting, by the reaction to the reading of the record of inmate Lucas Jackson. He was a decorated Korean War hero who was promoted up from the ranks to Sergeant, but who left the service just as he had entered, a “buck” Private. Luke further introduces his character by his “off-hand” explanation of the bravery, promotions and demotions as, “I guess I was just passing time, Captain.” Luke fails to observe the established pecking order among the prisoners and quickly runs afoul of the prisoners\' de facto leader Dragline . The pair spar, with the prisoners and guards watching. Although Luke is severely outmatched by the larger Dragline, he repeatedly refuses to stay down and eventually Dragline refuses to fight further. Luke suffers a beating but wins the respect of Dragline and the rest of the prison population. Later, Luke wins a poker game on a bluff with a worthless hand. Luke comments that "sometimes nothing can be a real cool hand," and Dragline promptly bestows on him the nickname "Cool Hand Luke." After a visit from his mother and nephew , he becomes more optimistic about his situation. Despite the brutal conditions within the camp, including hard physical labor and extended time in "the box" , Luke demonstrates an unquenchable spirit and the other prisoners begin to idolize him, particularly after he wins a spur-of-the moment bet that he can eat fifty hard-boiled eggs in one hour. Luke continually circumvents the authority of the Captain and the prison-guard "Bosses" led by Boss Godfrey  and his sense of humor and independence in the face of incarceration prove contagious and inspiring to the other prisoners. This struggle for influence comes to a head when Luke leads the work crew in a seemingly impossible effort to complete a road-paving job in a single day, in defiance of convention and expectations. Luke becomes recognized as a trouble-maker by the prison authorities. News of his mother\'s death reaches Luke and the Captain locks him in the box instead of sending him to work, anticipating that Luke might attempt escape in order to attend his mother\'s funeral. After this, Luke becomes determined to escape. After an initial escape attempt under the cover of a Fourth of July celebration, he is recaptured by local police and fitted with leg irons to prevent further attempts. Upon Luke\'s returning, the Captain delivers a warning speech to the other inmates, beginning with the famous line, "What we\'ve got here is failure to communicate. Some men you just can\'t reach. So you get what we had here last week, which is the way he wants it... well, he gets it. I don\'t like it any more than you men." Some time later, Luke makes another escape, this time visiting a nearby house where he uses an axe to remove his chain and curry powder to throw off the prison\'s tracking Bloodhounds. This escape is successful but short-lived. While free, Luke mails the prisoners a magazine that includes a photograph of him with two beautiful women, which is received with awe and delight. He is soon recaptured, beaten, and returned to the prison camp. As part of his punishment he is then fitted with two sets of leg chains. When he regains consciousness, Luke is annoyed by the prisoners\' fawning and lashes out, revealing that the picture was a fake. At first the other prisoners are angry, but when, after a long stay in the box, Luke is forced to eat a giant pile of rice, the other prisoners help him finish. Luke\'s escapades seal him as a legendary figure in the eyes of the prisoners but the Captain sets out to break Luke\'s spirit. As punishment for his escape, he is required to dig a large hole of the same dimensions as a grave in the prison camp yard, then fill it in and repeat the process, and is mercilessly beaten as his comrades look on with horror. Finally, an exhausted Luke collapses in his hole and begs to God for mercy and to the bosses not to be hit again as the other prisoners watch from the windows of the bunk house. Believing Luke finally to be broken, the Captain allows Luke to stop and go inside. Luke is hauled back into the bunk house where he struggles to his bed alone. Ashamed by Luke\'s capitulation to the Captain, the prisoners begin to lose their idealized image of Luke. One prisoner pulls out the magazine with Luke\'s picture in it and tears it up. Though seemingly broken in spirit, Luke takes one last stab at freedom when he gets the chance to steal the guards\' truck. Dragline jumps in the truck with Luke and they drive off. They travel until at night near a church, Luke tells Dragline that they should split up. Saddened and regretful, Dragline thanks Luke as they part and Luke enters the church. Here, Luke decides to talk with God, who he believes made him the way he is and is sabotaging him so he cannot win in life. Luke prays and asks God what he should do but gets no reply. Moments later, police cars arrive outside. Dragline re-enters and tells Luke that he made a deal with the bosses that they won\'t hurt them if they surrender peacefully. Luke, knowing better, moves to an open window, quotes the Captain\'s famous line from earlier  and is immediately shot in the neck by Boss Godfrey. A distraught Dragline hauls him outside and attacks Godfrey but is stopped by the other men. The sheriff  then says that he\'s made a call to the local hospital, but the Captain insists on taking him to the prison hospital. When the sheriff says that it\'s an hour\'s drive away and that Luke would never survive, the Captain merely says that "He\'s ours." Luke smiles weakly as the car drives off. The car crushes Boss Godfrey\'s fallen mirror shades as it pulls out. Later, Dragline and the other prisoners reminisce about Luke. Dragline describes Luke\'s unique smile as scenes of Luke\'s escapades flash across the screen. The final image is the now-repaired picture of Luke and the two women, before the screen fades to black.'] ['Ashanti is an action adventure film, set against the background of modern day slave trading, with a man who determinedly takes on a perilous journey in order to find his beautiful wife, who has been kidnapped by brutal slave traders. David and Anansa Linderby  are doctors with the World Health Organization. On a medical mission carrying out an inoculation programme, they visit a West African village. While David takes photographs of tribal dancers, Anansa goes swimming alone. She is attacked and abducted by slave traders led by Suleiman , who mistake her for an Ashanti tribeswoman. The police can do nothing to find her and David has almost given up hope when he hears rumours that Anansa has been kidnapped by Sulieman to be sold to Arab Prince Hassan . The African authorities deny that the slave trade even exists. So David must find help in a shadowy world where the rescuers of slaves are just as ruthless as the traders themselves. As David tracks her across Africa and the Sahara desert, he is helped by a member of the Anti-Slavery League , a mercenary helicopter pilot , and Malik  a tribesman who is seeking revenge on Suleiman.'] ['David Kappel , a twentysomething school teacher living in Toronto, has just had a messy break-up with his girlfriend, Sarah  of many years. He visits his best friend, Larry , an aspiring stand-up comedian, in the middle of Larry\'s show, to talk. Although Larry is sympathetic to David\'s plight, he doesn\'t disapprove of her decision. After receiving an invitation from Karl , an old friend, David travels to San Francisco and "Liberty City", an odd type of summer camp, way out in the countryside. However, as soon as David arrives, he can\'t help but notice the extremely remote locale, the locked gates and the very tall fences. Everyone there is kind and friendly. The first person he meets is Greg , a former businessman who tells him of the greatness of the "group". In actuality the facility is a training ground for a religious cult, although David does not know this. At Liberty City, David sleeps in a dorm on old mats, is awakened at the crack of dawn for the morning "exercise", which involves everybody holding hands and chanting, then is brought to his "focus group", where groups of people sit around in a circle to "share" about themselves. David\'s group is headed by the high-spirited Ruthie , who also leads the morning chants. He then attends a long class by a "renowned doctor", Dr. Dwyer  who speaks extensively about God. David soon develops reservations about the whole group &ndash; he frequently finds less and less time to himself, as he is followed around on a regular basis. Women flirt with him, but are repelled when he flirts back. David is very skeptical, but Karl, Ruthie and Greg convince him to stay. All of the elements of the camp begin to have an effect on David mentally; at one point he attempts an impromptu escape, only to be caught by Karl and returned to the camp. Ruthie takes David to the camp\'s phone booth: the only means of communication between the camp and the outside world. With Ruthie present, David speaks to his friend Larry and tells him he will not be coming home for a while. David is then brought to the camp\'s "church", run by the enigmatic Ingrid . Ingrid instructs the group to pray to photos of their "true parents": "Father", an Asian businessman, the leader of the cult. David and Greg graduate from Liberty City and are put to work as volunteer laborers for the organization. No longer at the camp, they now sleep in one of the group\'s vans, awakening every morning to a cassette tape of Father giving them instructions: he instructs them that, while they are working "for God", their food and sleep is severely limited, and they must sell as many of their wares as possible. The motto of the group\'s "Father" is: "Bring in the money! Stay awake! Stamp out Satan!". David sets out to work, led by group leader Patrick . David is shocked when Patrick lies to a customer ([[David Main , but Patrick explains that they are only using "Satan\'s" methods to do "God\'s" work, and that it is okay because "it\'s only Satan\'s money we\'re taking." Convinced, David follows along, and is discouraged from asking questions about the group or its methods. Larry is concerned about David\'s call from earlier. He confides to David\'s parents, Morely  and Esther , who dismiss Larry\'s concerns. Larry asks his boss, Mr. Stone  for some time off so he can visit David. In a diner in San Francisco, Larry meets up with David, escorted by Patrick and Ingrid. Larry is shocked at the changes he finds in David\'s personality. Larry asks that David come home for a few days, but Ingrid announces they have to leave, suggesting that Larry come to Liberty City where he and David may talk further. At the camp, Larry is advised by one attendee, a tall man named Eric ([[Guy Boyd , not to cooperate. David, meanwhile, out selling his wares with fellow member, Lisa , notices a car pulls up and two men pull her inside, then drive off. At the church, Ingrid tells the congregation that "Satan" uses the group\'s own parents to "corrupt them". Ingrid then teaches the cult members how to commit suicide in the event that their parents attempt to forcibly remove them from the facilities. "Across for a hospital , down for death!" Lisa is soon returned via a police car, to the great delight of the group. In church, she tells them she "saw Satan in the eyes of my father", showing her slit wrists. Larry, meanwhile, has fallen under the sway of the group and is now on the road to becoming a cult member just like David. Eric intervenes and helps Larry escape from the camp, jumping the fence. Eric explains to Larry about the group and their methods. He is currently looking for his sister, who is a cult member. Returning home, Larry tells everyone of David\'s situation. Larry then devises a strategy to free his friend and restore his freedom of thought. A plan is set involving Mr. & Mrs. Kappel, Danny , David\'s brother, ex-girlfriend Sarah and the sympathetic Mr. Stone. David waits at the airport with Patrick and Ingrid to meet with Sarah, whom they intend to indoctrinate into the group. David is surprised when his mother Esther arrives as well, as she was "dying to see him". Going to dinner, Esther asks to stop by her hotel so she may change clothes. At the hotel, everyone is waiting. When Esther excuses herself into the bathroom, Larry, Eric, along with Danny, burst in the room and seize David. The whole group, carrying David, get away in another car. David is taken to the house of Eric\'s landlady, Mrs. Foster , and put in an empty room to prevent him from harming himself. He is given food, but he refuses to eat. He won\'t talk to anyone, chanting Father\'s motto repeatedly. Contacting David\'s parents, Larry discovers that they have been arrested in regards to David\'s kidnapping. When Larry tells David of the news, David tells them charges won\'t be pressed if they let him go. The deprogrammer, a no-nonsense man named Linc Strunc , arrives and immediately proceeds to intimidate David, explaining "in order for him to think, he has to feel something". David is visited by his old friend Greg, who is now out of the cult. David accuses Greg of trying to "tempt" him. Linc asks David about the Bible - David has never read it. "Only Father can interpret its meaning." Linc offers up a book written by Father, showing him the true agenda of the group. David tries to block things out by chanting, but this proves difficult, as Linc throws more facts at him. Linc finally makes leeway with David when he exposes a major hypocrisy in Father\'s teaching. Linc then reviews David\'s cult agenda with Father\'s lifestyle, informing David exactly where all the money goes; namely, in Father\'s pocket. David counters that Father is doing it for God, but when Linc tells him of Father\'s weapons factory, David, enraged, calls Linc a liar. However, Linc provides more information, proving his case. David, now very disillusioned, asks Linc who the true Messiah is. Linc tells him he has no answers there, only that Father and his cult are a lie. When David asks of "true love", he only needs to look around him: at Larry, Danny, Sarah, his parents, and everything they\'ve done for him, and still are enduring for him. Crying, he embraces them all. Linc then reveals how he knows so much about Father: he himself is a former cult member. David drops all charges and his parents are released. Everyone reunites and embraces outside Mrs. Foster\'s house. Just before the film ends, however, a car pulls up. Out of the car comes Ingrid, Ruthie, Patrick and Lisa, who look at David questioningly. David looks at them while he continues hugging his parents.'] ['Seattle software company DigiCom is about to merge with a publishing company, and company founder and president Bob Garvin  is about to retire. Tom Sanders , head of manufacturing, expects to be promoted to run DigiCom after the merger. However, he learns that the post instead went to operations executive Meredith Johnson , a former girlfriend from long ago. Garvin introduces Meredith to her new associates. Co-workers like Mark Lewyn  comment to Tom on how attractive Meredith is. Others like chief financial officer Stephanie Kaplan  seem to be aware that Tom and Meredith had a relationship in the past. Late that evening, Meredith calls Tom into her office, ostensibly to discuss a project he is working on. Meredith aggressively tries to resume her romantic relationship with him. Tom resists  as he is now a married family man. He repeatedly tells Meredith "No." Meredith ignores Tom, aggressively forcing herself on him. Tom initially gives in, but after catching a glimpse of himself in a mirror, he regains control and pushes Meredith to the ground. As he leaves, Meredith threatens to make him pay for spurning her. The next day, Tom discovers that Meredith alleged sexual harassment against him to DigiCom. Colleagues refuse to believe his protestations of innocence and the company pressures him to accept reassignment to the company\'s Austin office. Tom does not want to do this, as he would lose his stock options, ruining his career and family. However, since no one believes his story and Meredith is now his boss, he appears to have no choice but to accept reassignment or be fired. Just as all seems hopeless, Tom receives an e-mail from someone identified only as "A Friend." It directs him to Seattle attorney Catherine Alvarez , who specializes in sexual harassment cases. Tom counter-sues, alleging that Meredith is the one who harassed him. Evidence is produced that supports Tom\'s story and refutes Meredith\'s testimony before a court mediator. The company backs down and gives him a large pay raise. Tom is celebrating his apparent victory, but receives another e-mail from "A Friend" warning him that all is not what it seems. It turns out that Meredith and Garvin\'s assistant, Philip Blackburn , changed the quality control specifications at the Malaysian plant manufacturing DigiCom\'s new advanced CD-ROM drive. The changes resulted in severe defects in the drive, and Meredith and Phil are trying to cover their tracks by getting Tom to take the fall for them. They plan to pin the blame on him at a conference the next day announcing the merger. The plan is to make Tom look incompetent, thereby giving them a valid reason to fire him. Tom cannot access a company computer to investigate because Meredith has locked him out of the system. He spends a tense and frantic night getting the information through a Virtual Reality demonstration machine left in the hotel room of executives from the merging company, with help from a colleague who owes him a favor. Armed with this information, he manages to again turn the tables on Meredith, exposing her involvement and getting her fired instead. Tom thinks this puts him back in the running to helm DigiCom, but Garvin instead names Stephanie, the low-key CFO, as his successor. Tom heartily approves. It occurs to him that her son, Spencer , could very well be the "friend" responsible for helping him via e-mail. With a knowing look, Spencer does not deny this. In the end, Tom is left in the same position he was in at the beginning of the film, but only after a narrow escape. He is left musing over the fact that two women  were responsible for saving him.'] ["After watching a fire burn her family's Baltimore pizzeria to the ground, 11 year old Reena Hale  decides she wants to be an arson investigator when she grows up. And with the help of mentor John Minger , whom she met during the investigation of her family's restaurant, Reena recognizes her dream. Years later, the grown up Reena buys a house in the old neighborhood, moving in next door to carpenter Bo Goodnight . As Reena and Bo embark on a relationship, a psychopathic arsonist from her past begins wreaking havoc on her life. Reena's stalker threatens her life, and those of her loved ones."] ['Government agent Harry Hannan goes across the Texas border from El Paso to a town in Mexico to meet a contact in a cantina. But it\'s a set-up and his wife is murdered. Harry ends up in a Connecticut sanitarium, where his sanity is in some doubt. He receives a mysterious anonymous letter written in Hebrew and signed: "Avenger of Blood." Helped by a woman named Ellie Fabian who has a few secrets of her own, Harry ends up in a life-threatening climactic chase at Niagara Falls.'] ['John, the heir to the Earl of Greystoke , and his wife Alice  set sail and are quickly marooned in Africa. After John builds a home in the trees, Alice gives birth to a son. Soon after, Alice grows delirious and dies. When John finds her recently dead, the tree house is visited by curious chimpanzees, and John is killed by one of the apes. The female of the group, Kala, carries her dead infant, but upon hearing the cries of the infant human in his crib, she adopts the boy and raises him among the family of Mangani. The little human child thus grows up naked, wild, and free. At age 5, the boy  is still trying to fit in with his ape family. When a black panther attacks, he learns how to swim in order to evade it while another chimp is killed. At age 12, the boy  discovers the tree-house in which he lived as a baby with his mother and father and finds a wooden block, with pictures of both a boy and a chimpanzee painted on it. It is there, after seeing himself in a mirror, that the physical difference between him and the rest of his ape family is made more apparent. He later discovers his father\'s hunting knife and how it works. The objects fascinate the naked ape boy, who carries them with him. Years pass, and the young man  becomes the dominant male of the ape group. He protects and shows love toward his adopted mother, father and siblings. He loses his mother  to a hunting party of natives and kills one of them. He is intensely aggrieved by his mother\'s death and cannot reconcile this event, wailing and howling forlornly at the sky. Years later, Philippe D\'Arnot  leads a band of British adventurers along the river, though he is disgusted by their boorish nature and love of \'blood and sport\'. A band of natives attack the party, killing everyone except Philippe, who is injured and conceals himself in the trees. The now half-naked man  finds Philippe and nurses him back to health. D\'Arnot discovers that the man is a natural mimic and teaches him to speak rudimentary English. D\'Arnot deduces that this man is the son of the late Lord John and Lady Alice of Greystoke and calls the man "Jean" . Jean agrees to return to England with his benefactor and reunite with his family. On arrival at Greystoke, the family estate, John is welcomed by his grandfather, the Earl of Greystoke , and his ward, a young American woman called Jane . The Earl is now elderly and has obviously suffered from the loss of his son and daughter-in-law years earlier, displaying eccentric behavior and sometimes forgetting that John is his grandson, not his son returned. John is seen as a novelty by the local social set, and some of his behavior is seen as threatening and savage. He befriends a young mentally disabled worker on the estate and in his company relaxes into his natural behavior. Jane teaches John more English, French and social skills  and the two become very close, making love one evening in secret. Lord Greystoke seems to enjoy renewed vigor at the return of his grandson and, reminiscing about his childhood game of using a silver tray as a toboggan on a large flight of stairs in the grand house, decides to relive the old pastime. He crashes at the foot of the stairs and slowly dies, apparently from a head injury, in the arms of his grandson. At his passing, John displays similar emotion and lack of understanding about death as he did in Africa following the death of his adoptive mother. Jane helps John through his grief, and the two become engaged. As the official Earl of Greystoke, John visits the Natural History Museum in London with Jane. During their visit, John is disturbed by the crude displays of stuffed animals. He discovers many caged apes from Africa, including his adoptive ape father . The two recognize one another and John breaks open the cage and escapes with Kerchak, releasing other caged animals, pursued by police and museum officials. They make it to a woodland park, but when Kerchak climbs a tree to avoid capture, he is fatally shot and John is devastated to lose yet another loved one, yelling to the crowd, "He was my father"! That night, John rides his carriage in circles in front of his estate, howling to the sky and wailing "Father". Feeling that he cannot assimilate to the cruel nature of human society, John decides to return to Africa and reunite with his chimp family. Philippe and Jane escort him back to Africa and to the jungle where Philippe and John first met. There, John strips back into his loincloth and returns to the world and life he understands.'] ['According to Lapine culture and mythology, the world was created by the god Frith, who represents the Sun. All animals lived harmoniously, but the rabbits eventually multiplied, and their appetite led to a food shortage. At the prayers of the desperate animals, Frith warned the rabbit prince El-ahrairah to control his people, but was scoffed at. In retaliation, Frith gave special gifts to every animal, but some animals he made predators to prey upon the rabbits. Satisfied that El-ahrairah had learned his lesson, Frith also gave the rabbits speed and cunning; while many would seek to kill them, the rabbits could survive by their wits and quickness. In the present, in the English countryside of Sandleford, Fiver, a rabbit seer has an apocalyptic vision and goes with his older brother Hazel to beg the chief to have the warren evacuated, but they are dismissed and attempt to make an exodus themselves. The group meets resistance from the warren\'s police force called the Owsla, but eight manage to fight and escape, including Fiver, Hazel, Bigwig, Blackberry, Pipkin, Dandelion, Silver and Violet. They travel through the dangerous woods and make it to a bean field to rest. In the morning, Violet is killed by a hawk, leaving the group without a female. After several dangerous situations, they meet the enigmatic rabbit Cowslip, who invites them to his warren. They are grateful, but Fiver senses something bizarre in the atmosphere, and the resident rabbits\' overly resigned attitudes, and leaves. An irked Bigwig follows, and chastises Fiver for supposedly causing senseless tension with his instincts. Moments later, however, he is caught in a snare trap. Fiver attempts to get help from their hosts, but is ignored. Bigwig is freed after nearly dying. As Fiver reveals, the warren is fed by a farmer who snares rabbits in return for his food and protection from predators. After Bigwig\'s narrow escape, the other rabbits willingly follow Fiver\'s and Hazel\'s advice and set out once more. The rabbits discover Nuthanger farm, which contains a hutch of female rabbits, necessary for a new warren. However, they do not manage to free them, on account of the territorial farm animals. They find the injured Owsla captain Holly, who recounts the destruction of Sandleford by humans, and a mysterious group called the "Efrafrans" before falling unconscious. Fiver finally leads the group to the hill he envisioned, Watership Down, where the rabbits settle. They settle in, developing their own warren, with Hazel as chief. They befriend an acerbic injured seagull, Kehaar, who offers to survey the local area for does. The rabbits return to Nuthanger to free the does; Hazel is shot by a farmhand and presumed dead, but Fiver has a vision and follows the apparition of the Black Rabbit of Inle to his injured brother. Kehaar returns and while removing buckshot pellets from Hazel\'s leg, reports of Efrafa, a large warren with many females. Holly, who encountered Efrafa, begs them not to go there, describing it as a totalitarian state, run by vicious and heavily territorial rabbits. Hazel feels they have no choice but to go there. Bigwig infiltrates the colony and becomes an Owsla officer by the cruel chief, General Woundwort. Bigwig recruits several potential escapees to his cause, including Hyzenthlay, an idealistic doe and Blackavar, a scarred attempted escapee. They flee, with Woundwort and his Owsla in pursuit. Using a boat to float down the river, they evade capture. That night, Keehar leaves for his homeland, with the gratitude of the warren. Several days later, Efrafan trackers discover their trail and follow them to Watership Down. Hazel offers a treaty with Woundwort, who dismisses Hazel, telling him to have Bigwig and the deserters surrender. The Watership rabbits barricade their warren and are besieged by the Efrafans. Fiver slips into a trance, in which he envisions a dog loose in the woods. His moans inspire Hazel to free the dog from Nuthanger and lead him to the warren to intervene. He escapes with Blackberry, Dandelion and Hyzenthlay. Hazel prays to Frith, offering his life for the those in the warren, a bargain Frith acknowledges, but doesn\'t accept, as the outcome is ultimately up to Hazel. Hazel frees the dog while his companions bait it into following them to Watership Down. When the Efrafans break through the warren\'s defences, Woundwort leads the attack. Blackavar confronts Woundwort, but is overpowered and killed. Bigwig ambushes Woundwort and they fight to exhaustion. The dog arrives and kills the Efrafan soldiers. Hearing the commotion, Woundwort abandons Bigwig and confronts the dog. No trace of Woundwort is found, leaving his fate ambiguous. Years later, the warren is thriving. An elderly Hazel is visited by the Black Rabbit, who invites him to join his Owsla, assuring him of Watership Down\'s perpetual safety. Reassured, Hazel accepts and dies. Hazel\'s spirit follows the Black Rabbit through the woodland and trees towards the Sun, which metamorphoses into Frith and the afterlife.'] ['In Ann Arbor, Michigan, teenager David Rice  gives his crush, Millie , a snow globe containing the Eiffel Tower, knowing her dreams of traveling someday. A bully, Mark , throws the globe onto the ice near a river. While trying to retrieve it, David falls through the ice and is pulled away by the current. He suddenly finds himself in the local library with drenched clothes. He discovers he can "Jump", or teleport, disappearing from one place and instantly appearing in another. Unhappy with his life, he runs away and is believed dead by his alcoholic father. Eight years later, an adult David  has settled into a life of adventure. He spends his days jumping around various continents, doing various sports and living lavishly using money stolen from banks via his jumping abilities. We also see him observing a natural disaster on the TV news, but not even consider using his power to save the people. After a day of hedonistic jumping, including seducing and sleeping with a woman in London, he is ambushed in his home by Roland Cox . Cox tries to trap him with a system of high-voltage cables, which prevent him from being able to jump. David escapes and returns home to Ann Arbor, seeking the now adult Millie . He is attacked by Mark  and purposely teleports him into a bank vault. He leaves him there and returns to Millie, inviting her to travel with him  to Rome. Roland – who we see heads an organisation dedicated to killing these "abominations" because "only God should have the power to be everywhere" – later discovers Mark in police custody and so learns David\'s identity. David and Millie arrive in Rome, David attempting to keep his true nature as a thief and his power a secret from her. After talking, they have sex. David and Millie visit the Colosseum, only to find it closed. David uses his ability to unlock a door from the inside, telling a skeptical Millie the door was already unlocked. While opening another door, he discovers another Jumper, Griffin . He warns David that "Paladins" are coming – an extremist group which has been tracking down and killing Jumpers from "the beginning". Several Paladins show up and attack them. Griffin kills one and teleports, taking the body with him. David tries to leave with Millie, but is detained by Italian police and questioned about the death. While waiting for a magistrate to arrive, David\'s mother Mary , who had left David when he was five, appears and throws him the keys to his handcuffs. She tells him he has very little time to leave. David tries to follow her, but she says if he wants the girl to live he must leave now. David tells Millie the police let him go and they leave together. Millie, now very suspicious, demands the truth. David declines and puts her on a plane home. David jumps to Griffin\'s lair, asking where to find Roland. Griffin explains that Paladins are religious fanatics who believe Jumpers are an affront to God and have been hunting them for centuries. He also says that Paladins will kill Jumpers by targeting their loved ones. He has been trying to kill Roland for years, as the Paladins killed his parents when he was a child and have tried to kill him several times. David teleports to his father, finds him bleeding and teleports him to a hospital. He returns to Griffin and convinces him to go with him to the airport to greet Millie. Upon arriving, they realize her flight landed an hour earlier. Griffin returns to his lair to get weapons while David searches for Millie. He breaks into her apartment, angering Millie, who tells him to leave. Through the living room window David sees Roland arriving and shows her what he can do, and saves her, by teleporting her back to Griffin\'s lair. The Paladins follow using a machine that keeps the "jump scar"  open and fight with David and Griffin. Roland is chased back through the portal, but snatches Millie back to her apartment with a cable. Griffin decides to take a bomb to Millie\'s apartment and kill everyone. David refuses, wanting to save Millie. They fight through several locations, and David traps Griffin with power lines in Chechnya, while there is an ongoing battle between Russian troops and Islamic militants. Griffin warns that if he faces the Paladins alone he will be outnumbered. He goes anyway and is quickly trapped by Roland\'s electric cables. David cannot escape as he is physically tied to the apartment by the cables. Using his teleporting powers David separates the apartment from the rest of the building and teleports that section away, along with Roland, Millie and himself, back to the river into which he fell through the ice as a child. Once free of the cables  David teleports to the library with Millie, as well as an unwelcome Roland. David then grabs Roland and takes him to a cave in the Grand Canyon, abandoning him there, and telling him that he could have had him killed instead. David visits his mother and is stunned when a girl, his half-sister, Sophie , answers the door. Mary tells David she has known he was a Jumper since he was five, when Jumpers make their first Jump. She is a Paladin, and had to either kill David or leave. She again allows him to leave, allowing him a "head start". He meets with Millie outside and they jump to an unknown location.'] ['Bridget Jones  is frustrated: she is in her early thirties, still single, very accident prone and worried about her weight. She works in publicity at a book publishing company in London where her main focus is fantasizing about her boss, Daniel Cleaver . At a New Year party hosted by her parents, she re-meets Mark Darcy , the barrister son of her parents\' friends. They had known each other as children. After their initial encounter, Mark thinks that Bridget is a fool and Bridget thinks that he is arrogant and rude, and is disgusted by his jumper with a huge reindeer. After a day beset by a series of mishaps, she misplaces her purse, breaks her coffee mug and gets stuck in a lift. When she returns home that evening, her shopping bags split. She reaches to pull the curtains, only for them to fall off the wall. That is the final straw of a stressful day. When she catches sight of her reflection in the window, she decides to turn her life around. She starts her own diary, which covers all her attempts to stop smoking, lose weight and find her Mr. Right. Bridget and Daniel begin to flirt heavily at work, first over email. After a book launch, they start a relationship, despite the fact that he is a notorious womanizer with a questionable personality, of which Bridget is aware, from when stating earlier in the film that she will not form relationships with alcoholics, workaholics, peeping-toms, megalomaniacs, or perverts. Bridget learns from Daniel that he and Mark have a history and, as a result, hate each other. Daniel informs Bridget of their falling-out, telling her that Mark broke their friendship by sleeping with his fiancée. Daniel\'s dubious character becomes clearer and clearer to Bridget and she eventually breaks off their relationship when she catches him with another woman, a colleague of his, Lara . After a spectacular departure from the office, in which Daniel\'s desperate attempts to make Bridget stay spark the comment "I\'d rather have a job wiping Saddam Hussein\'s arse", she finds a new job in television. She and Mark have run-ins at a bed and breakfast and at a mutual friend\'s dinner party. During the party, Mark, who has come to the dinner with his colleague, Natasha , privately confesses to Bridget that, despite her faults, he likes her "just the way she is". He later helps Bridget to achieve an important interview for work, in which her quirky approach prompts the classic comment "Bridget Jones - already a legend". She begins to develop feelings for Mark. Just as Bridget and Mark\'s mutual attraction comes together at a birthday dinner party hosted by Bridget, Daniel comes back, temporarily claiming Bridget\'s attention. Mark originally leaves the party, but returns to face Daniel. Mark punches Daniel and the two fight. They end up in a nearby restaurant and finally smash through the window, landing on the street. Mark wins the battle and knocks Daniel out. Bridget chides Mark but afterwards, after an insensitive appeal by Daniel, she says emphatically that she doesn\'t want to be with him. Bridget learns the truth about Mark and Daniel\'s falling-out after her mother lets it out in conversation - that it was actually Daniel who had seduced Mark\'s wife . At a dinner party the same day, Bridget confesses her feelings for Mark, only to find out that he and Natasha are both leaving to accept jobs in New York. Bridget interrupts the toast to their pending engagement with a halting but moving speech about England losing one of its finest men. Her words clearly have an effect on Mark, as he realises what she really means, but he still flies to New York, though with obvious misgivings. Just as Bridget starts to embark on a trip to Paris with her friends to mend her broken heart, Mark returns to stay with her. When they are about to kiss for the first time, Bridget goes to her bedroom to change her undergarments, remarking that this is "an occasion for genuinely tiny knickers." While Bridget is changing, Mark peeks at her diary, in which she has written many insults about him. Bridget returns to find that he has left. Realizing that he had read her diary and that she might potentially lose him again, Bridget runs outside after him in a thin sweater and zebra skin-print underwear. Unable to find him and disheartened, she is about to return home when Mark appears holding a new diary, "to make a fresh start". They kiss in the snow-covered streets and the film closes.'] ['Harry Faversham , a young British officer, celebrates his engagement to the beautiful young Ethne , in a lavish ball with his fellow officers and his father in attendance. When the regimental Colonel  announces that the regiment is being dispatched to Egyptian-ruled Sudan to rescue the British General Charles "Chinese" Gordon , young Faversham becomes nervous and resigns his commission. Shocked by his son\'s actions, Harry\'s father  disowns him. Perceiving his resignation as cowardice, his friends and fiancée give him four white feathers, the symbol of cowardice. Tormented, isolated and alone in London, Harry learns that his best friend Jack  and his former regiment have come under brutal attack by rebels. Undertaking the perilous journey into the Sudan alone, he strikes up an alliance with Abou Fatma , a wise mercenary warrior. Harry then disguises himself as an Arab. Harry and Abou Fatma follow a group of army workers he believes to be Mahdi spies, following them takes them to the garrison of Abu-Klea , which they realize on entry has been overrun. However, before they can leave the gates are closed. Harry is taken roughly aside, as this happens he begs Abou Fatma to warn his friends that their destination is under siege and an attack is likely. Instead of being discovered Harry is given a red British military jacket. Meanwhile the regiment has stopped its march to bury a group of British dead killed by the Mahdi. Abou Fatma is captured by Egyptian soldiers; believing he is an enemy scout they bring him before the British officers . He tells the British that he has been sent by a British officer, referring to Faversham, in order to warn them of the Mahdi\'s attack. He also points out that Muslims always bury their dead and that of the enemy, but that these bodies have been left to keep the British occupied. Faversham\'s comrades are worried, but ultimately Abou Fatma\'s warnings are disregarded, and he is whipped. Because of their disregard of the warnings, the British and Egyptian troops are not prepared for battle. The Mahdi rebels attack with spearmen, riflemen and cavalry, while the British forces form a square. Firing volley after volley, the British repel the initial Mahdi assault just as they spot British cavalry reinforcements in their distinctive red uniforms. A force of skirmishers is sent to pursue the retreating Sudanese, but they are ambushed by Mahdi rebels hiding beneath the sand, and the skirmishers are forced to fight on foot. Soon the British discover that the cavalry they perceived were their own reinforcements are actually Sudanese disguised in British uniforms. Among them is Faversham, who was mistakenly thought to be a Sudanese. The British square hastily reorganises and fires a few volleys, in the process killing several skirmishers who have not yet returned to the square (including Harry\'s friend Edward Castleton . In the end the order is given for retreat. Jack was found and protected by Harry during the battle. Jack\'s rifle had misfired and blinded him. Harry finds letters of tenderness from Ethne but puts aside his feelings and cares for Jack without telling him who he is. Not knowing who his rescuer was, Jack then returns home. He asks Ethne to marry him, but she does not give him an answer discussing the matter with Harry\'s father. Tom tells Jack that Harry had come to visit him in the Sudan to tell him he had been the officer that sent Abou, and that Harry had expressed bitter anger and sorrow that his friends did not listen to the warning. Harry asked for money and explained that he believes William lives on in the notorious Mahdi prison of Omdurman, and Harry is determined to find him and rescue him. Abou advises him not to go, but Harry goes anyway. Later Abou rescues Harry and his miraculously still alive comrade by giving them \'poison\' that really just fakes the symptoms of death. However, a guard is suspicious of the duo\'s death and follows them along with three other guards. All four guards are killed by Harry and Abou and then the two part ways: Abou back to the desert and Harry back to England. Harry is acknowledged by his father and Ethne asks for her feather back; however she is now engaged to Jack. Jack comes to find out Harry rescued him as Jack touches his face as he did in the desert and releases Ethne from their engagement. After a ceremony of Remembrance, Harry and Ethne hold hands and are engaged once more.'] ['With the exception of the opening and final scenes, which depict the 1941 suicide by drowning of Virginia Woolf  in the River Ouse, the action takes place within the span of a single day in three different years, and alternates among them throughout the film. In 1923, renowned author Woolf has begun writing the book Mrs Dalloway in her home in the town of Richmond outside London. In 1951, troubled Los Angeles housewife Laura Brown  escapes from her life as a conventional housewife by reading Mrs Dalloway. In 2001, New Yorker Clarissa Vaughan  is the embodiment of the title character of Mrs Dalloway as she spends the day preparing for a party she is hosting in honor of her former lover and friend Richard , a poet and author living with AIDS who is to receive an award for career achievement. Richard tells Clarissa he has stayed alive for her sake, and the award is meaningless because he didn\'t get it sooner, until he was on the brink of death. She tells him she believes he would have won the award regardless of his illness. Richard often refers to Clarissa as "Mrs. Dalloway", due to her distracting herself from her own life and self the way the Woolf character did. Virginia, who has experienced several nervous breakdowns and suffers from bipolar disorder, feels trapped in her home, intimidated by servants and constantly under the eye of her husband Leonard  who has begun a publishing business, Hogarth Press, at home to stay close to her. Woolf both welcomes and dreads an afternoon visit from her sister Vanessa  and her children. After their departure, Virginia flees to the railway station where she is awaiting a train to central London when Leonard arrives to bring her home. He tells her how he lives in constant fear that she will take her own life. She says she fears it also, but argues that if she is to live she has the right to decide how, and where, as much as any other. Very pregnant with her second child, Laura spends her days in her tract home with her young son, Richie. She married her husband, Dan , soon after World War II and on the surface they are living the American Dream but she is deeply unhappy. She and Richie make a cake for Dan\'s birthday, but it is a disaster. Her neighbour Kitty  drops in to ask her if she can feed her dog while she\'s in the hospital for a procedure. Kitty pretends to be upbeat, but Laura senses her fear and boldly kisses her on the lips. Kitty accepts the kiss without comment, and both women ignore any hidden meaning it might have. Laura and Richie successfully make another cake and clean up, and then she takes Richie to stay with Mrs. Latch . He is terrified of being left without her and she insists she will be back, but instead of running errands she checks into a hotel where she intends to commit suicide. Laura removes several bottles of pills and Woolf\'s novel from her purse, and begins to read Mrs Dalloway. She drifts off to sleep, and dreams the hotel room is flooded, awakening with a change of heart, and caresses her belly. She picks up Richie and they return home to celebrate Dan\'s birthday. Clarissa appears equally worried about Richard, and his depression, and the party she is planning for him. Although Clarissa herself is a lesbian who has been living with Sally Lester  for 10 years, she and Richard were lovers during their college days, and he has spent the better part of his life in gay relationships, including one with Louis Waters , who left him years ago but returns for the festivities. Clarissa\'s daughter, Julia , comes home to help her prepare. Richard has taken all sorts of pills but tells her Clarissa is the most beautiful thing he ever had in life, before he throws himself out a window to his death. Later that night Laura, who is Richard\'s mother, arrives at Clarissa\'s apartment. It is clear that Laura\'s abandonment of her family was a profound trauma for Richard, but Laura reveals it was a better decision for her to leave the family after the birth of her daughter, rather than commit suicide. She has led an independent, happier life as a librarian in Canada. She does not apologize for the hurt she caused to her family , and suggests that it\'s not possible to feel regret for something over which she had no choice. She acknowledges that no one will forgive her, but offers an explanation: "It [her life] was death. I chose life." When Julia spontaneously hugs her, she looks stunned and surprised, then moved by the demonstration of compassion.'] ["Jeff , lives with his widower father Harry Mitchell . Much of the movie is about Harry's over-eager support for his son, and his concerns that Jeff doesn't have a boyfriend. Harry meets an attractive but judgemental divorcee through a dating service, and this leads to some conflict between the two main characters. Halfway through, though, the story takes unexpected, darker turns and attains a new level of profundity, becoming a meditation on the enduring strength of love, both familial and romantic, in the face of adversity."] ['Teenage twins Rachel and Theo travel to Auckland to stay with relatives following the sudden death of their mother. Where there was once a psychic bond between them, now there is a rift as Theo, particularly, refuses to confront his grief. Rachel reaches out to him, but is rebuffed. Staying with their Aunt Kay and Uncle Cliff on Lake Pupuke, the twins are fascinated by the volcanic lake and the smell that seems to come from creepy old Wilberforce house around the shore. They visit Mt Eden, where Theo sees Mr Jones, a strange old man from whose hands fire seems to glow. When it seems the twins are being watched – and that the Wilberforces can smell them – Theo resolves to investigate the Wilberforce house. Inside, he and Rachel find what can only be an alien environment. They overhear Mr Wilberforce talking about something stirring beneath the ground. He says he will kill the twins if they find “the fire-raiser”. Rachel is alarmed and reaches out to Theo but, terrified of getting close to anyone since his mother’s death, pushes her away and sets out alone to find the fireraiser – the man he saw on the mountain top...'] ['When his rich grandad, Howard "Red" Stevens  died, Jason  thought he was going to inherit a piece of the old man\'s multi-billion dollar estate, but it came with a condition. In order to get his share of the willed inheritance, Jason must complete 12 separate assignments within a year. Each assignment is centered around a "gift". Gifts of money, friends and learning are among the dozen that Jason must perform before he is eligible for the mysterious "Ultimate Gift" his grandfather\'s will has for him. Throughout his trials and tribulations, the family attorney, Mr. Hamilton , and his secretary Miss Hastings  attempt to guide Jason along the path his grandfather wishes him to travel. However, the problem they have is that Jason has lived leisurely using his grandfather\'s money as an under-achiever who has never had to genuinely work, and who believes through a young adulthood of loneliness that money is the only pathway to making life decent. For instance, to carry out the first task he has to fly to Texas, and naturally assumes he has a first-class seat, and is annoyed when he discovers he has a coach class seat, complaining to the steward "Don\'t you know who I am?" On his return after completing the first task in Texas, everything he values is suddenly taken away from him - luxury apartment, his restored muscle car  and money - and he is left homeless. His trendy girlfriend, Caitlin , ditches him when his credit card is rejected at a fancy restaurant and she is mortified when he asks her if she could pay the bill. After his mother tells her son she cannot give him help as part of the agreement, Jason miserably finds himself being ejected from private property he wishes to rest on, and wanders the city for the first time truly alone. It is while sleeping in a park that he encounters a woman, Alexia , and her extrovert daughter Emily  - a side story that was not in the novel. Jason befriends the two but then tells them that he needs them to come along to the attorney\'s office and confirm themselves as his "good friends" in order to pass the "gift of friends" assignment. Alexia and Emily still believe that Jason is very self-centred person, and not anyone they want to have as a friend. However, it is then that Jason discovers by accident that Emily is suffering from leukemia, and sees this family as a chance to develop a strong bond with someone. Indeed, the emergence of his "true" self is the key theme of the film. From that point onwards he tries as best he can to help Emily to have a great life while it lasts. Emily also engineers and encourages a romance between Jason and her mother. Also, as Jason works through the twelve gifts in twelve months, he comes to see his grandfather as more than a dead billionaire who he believes disliked him. After Jason has completed his twelve tasks, he is given a sum of $100,000,000 to do with whatever he pleases and all of his property is returned to him. His former girlfriend, knowing that he has regained his wealth, makes an attempt to win him back merely with the offer of sex, but he disgustedly walks out on her. With his inheritance, Jason chooses to build a hospital, called Emily\'s Home , for patients with deadly diseases and their families, which also includes a church . But then before the building begins Emily dies. Alexia and Jason pray for her at the chapel. After the groundbreaking for Emily\'s Home, he is brought back to the law firm for one more meeting. He had exceeded the expectations of his dead grandfather and receives one final "gift" of $2,000,000,000, rewarding Jason not only for his completing the tasks, but for using everything he gained to give to the unfortunate ones. That night, Jason is seen sitting on a bench in the park, when Alexia joins him. He thanks her for her help that she and her daughter gave him. They then kiss and a butterfly, representing Emily, is shown flying around them.'] ['The film centers on Rob Gordon , a self-confessed music geek whose flair for understanding women is over par for the course. After getting dumped by his current girlfriend, Laura , he decides to look up some of his old flames in an attempt to figure out what he keeps doing wrong in his relationships. He spends his days at his record store, Championship Vinyl, where he holds court over the customers that drift through. Helping Rob in his task of musical elitism are Dick  and Barry , the "musical moron twins," as he refers to them. Armed with an encyclopedic knowledge of all things musical, they compile "top five" lists for every conceivable occasion, openly mock the ignorance of their customers, and, every so often, sell a few records. Rob and the staff have a strong dislike for two shoplifting skateboarder teenagers, Vince  and Justin . One day, he listens to a recording that they did  and offers them a record deal, starting his own label called "Top 5 Records". During his off hours, he pines for his lost girlfriend Laura and does his best to win her back. Rob soon hears that Laura\'s father, who liked Rob, has died, and attends his funeral with Laura. Shortly after the reception, Rob realizes he never committed to Laura and always had one foot out the door. This made him realize he neglected his own future in the process. Afterwards, he and Laura move back in together again, and she organizes a celebration of the recently released single by the two delinquents, where Barry\'s band plays "Let\'s Get It On" and is delightful . In the final scene, Rob finishes his advice about making the perfect mixtape, and says that he is now making one for Laura.'] ["A huge solar flare is predicted to fry the Earth. Astronauts aboard the spaceship Helios must go to the Sun to drop a bomb equipped with an Artificial Intelligence  and a Japanese pilot  at the right time so the flare will point somewhere else. Giant IXL Corp CEO Teague thinks the flare will not happen and wants the mission to fail so he can buy the planet cheaply while the scare lasts. Employee Haas prepares a surprise for the astronauts. While Steve Kelso commands the space ship where temperature rises, Steve's father Admiral 'Skeet' Kelso is searching the desert for Steve' son Mike who has gone AWOL to say goodbye to his dad but who inadvertently crossed the path of the guys from IXL after meeting desert-dweller Travis. The novel Starfire by Paul Preuss, about a near-future spacecraft making a close encounter with the sun, appears to have a connection with this movie.{{Citation needed}}"] ["The Last Sin Eater is a story that takes place in 1850s Appalachia in a settlement community of Welsh Americans. Ten-year-old Cadi's grief over the death of her beloved grandmother, the only person who seemed to love her unconditionally, is compounded by a previous family tragedy for which she believes her family blames her. During her grandmother's funeral rites, Cadi sees the face of the village sin-eater, a person who absolves the deceased, at death, of their sins in this tiny Smoky Mountain community. About the same time, a preacher comes to the isolated valley and camps outside the village. Through dialogue with the holy man, the young girl slowly realizes that the sin eater is false and learns of Jesus and Christianity. Cadi's baptism leads to a reconciliation with her family. But Cadi's new found faith leads to tragedy and confrontation as the close-knit community must finally face the horrific secret on which their village was founded."] ['Isabel  visits her sister, Roxeanne , a poet who is living in Paris with her husband, Charles-Henri, and her young daughter, Gennie. Roxy is pregnant, but her husband has just walked out on her. She holds the lie that he is "in the country" selling a painting. Isabel discovers the truth and agrees to go see Charles-Henri with Roxy to give him his contacts which he left behind. Arriving, Charles-Henri makes an excuse to leave when Paris-based American author Olivia Pace , a friend of Roxy\'s, arrives. Olivia offers Isabel a job which she takes. Later, the sisters go to the country to visit Charles-Henri\'s family for Sunday brunch. It is there that Isabel meets Charles-Henri\'s mother , along with Charles-Henri\'s uncle, Edgar. Later, while helping Olivia, Isabel meets Yves, another one of Olivia\'s workers. The two have sex, and afterwards while watching television Isabel sees Edgar giving a speech and admits she is attracted to him. The two have lunch and begin an affair, but Isabel still strings Yves along. Edgar sends a Hermes Paris Kelly bag to Isabel, which is an expensive item Roxy knows Isabel can\'t afford, and Isabel tells Roxy of their affair. Meanwhile, Roxy meets Charles-Henri\'s own mistress, Magda Tellman. Magda\'s husband, an American, begins to stalk Isabel\'s apartment complex. One afternoon, Roxy meets Charles-Henri at a park where Gennie rides a carousel. The two talk and Roxy says she doesn\'t want a divorce, but Charles-Henri does. Roxy admits she\'s been thinking about names and likes Henri-Luc. Charles-Henri is still not entertained and leaves. Later that evening, Isabel finds a bloody, unconscious Roxy on the sofa and calls an ambulance. Roxy lives and apologizes for her attempt at suicide and is aided by her lawyer. Isabel calls the family to Paris to help with Roxy. This only further complicates things, especially when Edgar\'s wife, Amelie, discovers the affair through Edgar\'s sister and Roxy\'s mother-in-law. Along with this, Olivia\'s own long over affair with Edgar is exposed, and Charles-Henri is found dead, murdered by Magda Tellman\'s husband in a crime of passion. Mr. Tellman follows the Walkers up the Eiffel Tower where he corners them and pulls a gun, demanding to have an opportunity to explain to an absent Roxy why he killed her husband. After some persuasion, Tellman slides the gun over to Isabel who puts it in her Kelly bag before throwing it off the Eiffel Tower. Subsequently, Edgar ends his affair with Isabel with a Chanel scarf and a blunt, brief lunch. Charles-Henri\'s mother still stays involved with her new grandson, presumably named Henri-Luc or Luc\'s, life. Roxy marries her lawyer, Isabel begins a real relationship with Yves and the family painting by La Tour of Saint Ursula sells for almost USD 4 million. This prompts the family to begin a foundation for Saint Ursula based in Paris.'] ['Sherlock Holmes  and Dr. John Watson  receive a visit from Dr. James Mortimer , who wishes to consult them before the arrival of Sir Henry Baskerville , the last of the Baskervilles, heir to the Baskerville estate in Devonshire. Dr. Mortimer is uneasy about letting Sir Henry go to Baskerville Hall, owing to a supposed family curse. He tells Holmes and Watson the legend of the Hound of the Baskervilles, a demonic dog that first killed Sir Hugo Baskerville  several hundred years ago  and is believed to kill all Baskervilles in the region of Devonshire. Holmes dismisses it as a fairy tale, but Mortimer narrates the events of the recent death of his best friend, Sir Charles Baskerville, Sir Henry\'s uncle. Although he was found dead in his garden without any trace of physical damage, Sir Charles\'s face was distorted as if he died in utter terror, from heart failure. Dr. Mortimer reveals something not mentioned at the official inquest. He alone had noticed footprints at some distance from the body when it was found; they were the paw marks of a gigantic hound. He never dared report them because no one would have believed him. Holmes decides to send Watson to Baskerville Hall along with Sir Henry, claiming that he is too busy to accompany them himself. Sir Henry quickly develops a romantic interest in Beryl Stapleton , the step-sister of his neighbour John Stapleton , a local naturalist. Meanwhile, a homicidal maniac , escaped from Dartmoor Prison, lurks on the moor. Holmes eventually makes an appearance, having been hiding in the vicinity for some time making his own enquiries. An effective scene, not in the original book, occurs when Holmes, Watson and Sir Henry attend a seance held by Mrs. Mortimer . In a trance, she asks, "What happened that night on the moor, Sir Charles?" The only reply is a lone howl, possibly from a hound. After some clever deception by Holmes, it is revealed that the true criminal is John Stapleton, a long-lost cousin of the Baskervilles, who hopes to claim their vast fortune himself after removing all other members of the bloodline. Stapleton kept a huge, half-starved, vicious dog  trained to attack individual members of the Baskervilles after prolonged exposure to their scent. However, when the hound is finally sent to kill Sir Henry Baskerville, Holmes and Watson arrive to save him just in time. They kill the hound, and Stapleton flees. Unlike the original novel, the villain\'s fate is unknown in the film. Holmes does say ominously, "He won\'t get very far. I\'ve posted constables along the roads and the only other way is across the Grimpen Mire." Beryl and Sir Henry, who, unlike the novel, have become engaged earlier in the film, presumably marry, although this is never shown.'] [' Struggling actor William McFly  is hired by wealthy Cecil Fox  to play his personal secretary for a practical joke. Pretending to be on his deathbed, Fox invites three former lovers to his Venetian palazzo for a final visit: penniless Princess Dominique , fading movie star Merle McGill , and Texas millionairess Mrs. Lone Star Crockett Sheridan . Accompanying Mrs. Sheridan is her spinster nurse, Sarah Watkins . By chance, each of the women brings Fox a timepiece as a present. The three women warily size each other up. Mrs. Sheridan boldly announces that the others might as well go home, as she is Fox\'s common-law wife, and they can expect to inherit nothing. However, when Sarah returns from a late-night date with McFly, she finds her employer dead of an overdose of sleeping pills, an apparent suicide. Police Inspector Rizzi  investigates. Sarah knows that the pills Mrs. Sheridan had been taking are harmless fakes. McFly has already revealed to Sarah that Fox is perpetrating a charade, and that the final joke is to be the reading of the will, empowering McFly to choose the heir. She therefore suspects him not only of being the murderer, but also plotting to kill Fox. When she confronts McFly, he locks her in her room, telling her it is for her own safety. She manages to escape via a dumbwaiter and warns Fox. However, his displeased reaction puzzles her. He sends her back to her room. The next morning, Fox is found dead. McFly reveals that Fox was the killer of Sarah\'s employer. He was broke and wanted Mrs. Sheridan\'s fortune. Once McFly had figured it out , Fox realized it was all up and committed suicide. Sarah asks McFly to write her name down in the will as the heir of Fox\'s worthless estate as a souvenir, with Rizzi signing as a witness. After McFly complies, an amused Rizzi complements him on his "generosity" -- while Fox may have been deeply in debt, Mrs. Sheridan\'s estate is so vast, Sarah will still emerge an extremely wealthy woman. She informs McFly that she will marry him and hand over the money once he resumes his law studies and becomes a lawyer.'] ["Middle-aged widow Beatrice Hunsdorfer and her daughters Ruth and Matilda are struggling to survive in a society they barely understand. Beatrice dreams of opening an elegant tea room but does not have the wherewithal to achieve her lofty goal. Epileptic Ruth is a rebellious adolescent, while shy but highly intelligent and idealistic Matilda seeks solace in her pets and school projects, including one which gives the film its title. Matilda's science experiment is designed to show how small amounts of radium affect marigolds; some die, but others transform into strange but beautiful mutations completely unlike the original plants. Similarly, Matilda has managed to muddle through a grim existence in a dilapidated, debris-ridden house in a lower middle class neighborhood, learning to deal with her embarrassing mother while managing to avoid becoming anything like her, a future for which her sister seems fated."] ['Catherine Sloper  is a plain, painfully shy woman whose emotionally detached father  makes no secret of his disappointment in her. When she meets the charming Morris Townsend , she immediately is taken by the attention that he lavishes upon her, attention she so desperately seeks from her father. Catherine falls madly in love with Morris and they plan to marry. Catherine\'s father believes Morris is courting Catherine only to get her inheritance and threatens to disinherit her if she marries him. Catherine does not care, and plans to elope with Morris but not before telling him about her father\'s decision. On the night they are to elope, Catherine eagerly waits at home for Morris to come and take her away, but he never arrives. Catherine is heartbroken. A day or so later, she has a bitter argument with her father, who reveals he is dying. She tells her father she still loves Morris and challenges him to change his will if he\'s afraid of how she will spend his money after he dies. He does not and dies a short time later, leaving her his entire estate. A few years later, Morris returns from California, having made nothing of himself and eyeing the Slopers\' luxurious house with more obvious eagerness. Again he professes his love for Catherine, claiming that he left her behind because he could not bear to see her destitute. Catherine pretends to forgive him and tells him she still wants to elope as they originally planned. He promises to come back that night for her, and she tells him she\'ll start packing her bags. When Morris returns, Catherine takes her revenge. She calmly orders the maid to bolt the door, leaving Morris locked outside, shouting her name. Her aunt asks her how she can be so cruel, and she responds, "I have been taught by masters." The film fades out with Catherine silently ascending the stairs while Morris\' despairing cries echo unanswered through the darkness.'] ['The Jack Bull is about a normal Horse trader Myrl Redding  who cherishes the law and his rights. He lives a normal life with his son, Cage , his wife Cora  and his good friends. However he clashed one day with Land Baron Henry Ballard  over Wyoming\'s bid for statehood. If Wyoming remains a territory Henry Ballard can continue to buy more land and eventually evict its residents, however if Wyoming becomes a state then his rights to the land will be restricted. After further conflict with Ballard, Redding attempts to take his horses to a horse market in Casper. However he encounters Ballard, who has built a tollgate that blocks the road to Casper, charging a fee for passage. Redding realizes going around would take too long to get the horses to market on time, with the market closed before he could arrive. Ballard tells Redding that he will allow Redding to cross with a fee of ten dollars. Redding gives him five and leaves two black stallions as collateral for the other five. He also leaves his Indian friend and worker Billy to make sure the horses are not mistreated. Redding arrives at Casper on time and sells his horses, with the exception of the two he left behind and makes his way back to his home. He stops for his horses and finds Billy is missing and his horses are starved, diseased, beaten, and near death. He beats one of Ballard\'s henchmen and demands that his horses be returned healthy and fed. Ballard says he\'ll never do it and Redding leaves, saying he has two weeks to comply with his demands. Ballard ignores him and returns to his normal life. Redding returns home and finds Billy beaten and bitten. Billy describes how one of Ballard\'s henchmen had the two horses chained to a wagon of logs and was beating them when they rested even though they had been working for hours. Billy attempted to stop him but he was attacked by two other henchmen who then set the dogs on him. He said he was forced to flee and would\'ve been killed if he had returned. Redding agrees with Billy and sympathizes with him, telling him it was not his fault for what happened to the horses. He departs that day for the local town and approaches the local lawyer and asks for legal help. The lawyer tells Redding he will probably not win because it is an Indian\'s word against a wealthy white man\'s. Redding says to do it anyway and leaves after paying ten dollars in lawyer fees. A week passes and nothing happens, and Redding tells his lawyer to speed up the case. The lawyer intercepts Judge Wilkins, the local judge, on the way to the barber and pleads for a chance to make their case. Wilkins, who has a financial interest in Ballard\'s business, tells them that he is throwing the case out and advises the lawyer to choose his clients more carefully, stating "You\'re shoveling shit out of the mountain." The lawyer informs Redding about Judge Wilkins decision and after his wife finds out she tells Redding that she is good friends with the District Attorney\'s wife, and she departs for Casper to plead their case before the D.A. She and Woody, Redding\'s trusted friend, depart for Casper and he drops her off in front of the D.A.\'s office. When she arrives at the office she is informed she needs an appointment and she reluctantly leaves after leaving her name. However unknown to her two of Ballard\'s henchmen had beaten Woody and thrown him into a carriage, knocking the driver off. The wild carriage runs her over as she is crossing the street, making her death a very unfortunate coincidence caused by Ballard\'s men. Woody gives the documented complaint against Ballard directly to the D.A., who emerges to see what has happened. Woody then drives Cora\'s body back to Myrl\'s household where they bury her. To make matters worst Redding\'s lawyer returns with news that the D.A. has sent the case back to Judge Wilkins, who has once again thrown the case out. Redding, distraught with the loss of his wife and realizing that the justice system will do nothing to stop Ballard, takes justice into his own hands and rallies the local farmers against Ballard. Although some have doubts he talks them into joining him with the offer that he will pay each man who joins him fifteen dollars a month. Redding and his new militia of farmers ride towards Ballard\'s house where they route Ballard\'s men and Ballard himself flees for his life for Casper. Redding burns down Ballard\'s stable and leaves for the local town, looking for Ballard. After questioning a local farmer who refuses to tell them Ballard\'s location, he burns down the farmer\'s barn and leaves the barn smoldering. They then ride to a local Amish community and threaten to burn down the houses if they hide Ballard or refuse to give them the location. After the Amish people tell him they don\'t even know Ballard, he asks for a person who knows how to print. They find one and offer him fifteen dollars to mass produce fliers demanding Ballard that he has a week to get the horses fed and healthy. Ballard meanwhile, had reached Casper and pleads for help from the Governor of Wyoming himself. The Governor offers protection and charges the Sheriff to find and arrest Redding. But after only a day of searching, the Sheriff is ambushed during the night and during a brief struggle Redding kills one of Ballard\'s men, Slater, after he attempts to shoot Billy. He forces the sheriff at gunpoint to say that it was self defense, and after Redding departs the Sheriff returns to Casper and tells news that Slater was shot dead by Redding. Meanwhile Billy, while riding back to Ballard\'s house is shot by its caretaker Conrad. After a brief firefight Conrad shoots his wife by accident and Billy and Redding leave. Meanwhile the Governor, after conversing with Judge Joe B. Tolliver  and the Attorney General decides to offer Redding amnesty if he turns himself in. Redding accepts but Billy doesn\'t, saying that land Ballard took belonged to his native tribe. Billy leaves and Redding arrives in Casper to participate in the trial of Henry Ballard. During the trial however the D.A.\'s assistant informs them that Judge Wilkins is charging Redding with two counts of murder and armed insurrection. However the amnesty agreement was typed before the charges were sent, putting the Governor in a bind. If he charges Redding, he will break the amnesty agreement, but if he doesn\'t charge Redding, he will be violating a judge\'s charges. The governor decides he will charge Redding if he breaks the amnesty agreement. The trial ends after several witnesses testify that the horses were indeed healthy stallions although Ballard testifies otherwise. Judge Tolliver agrees with Redding and orders Ballard to restore the horses to their previous health. Meanwhile, Billy has sued Ballard for the land rights but is losing, so he sends a messenger to Redding in an attempt to gain leverage over Ballard. Redding writes a letter of support but the messenger is ambushed while leaving Redding\'s hotel. The letter is used as proof to show Redding has violated his amnesty and he is charged with two counts of murder and armed insurrection. He is found guilty one one count of murder and armed insurrection at the same time that Billy and his Indians are ambushed by the Wyoming Army. Redding is sentenced to be hung and Ballard is charged with perjury for lying under oath and sentenced to two years in jail, three months of which will be spent restoring the two stallions\' health. Further consequence is that Ballard will lose his life savings. On the day of the hanging Redding meets with his son and tells him to always work hard and never give up. After a heartfelt goodbye Redding is called to inspect the two horses. After confirming that they have been restored, Ballard curses him and claims Redding got nothing from Ballard. Redding replies simply, "You did what I said you would." Ballard is carried away screaming and Redding is marched to the gallows. Judge Tolliver, who seems compassionate toward Redding and his principles, finds Judge Wilkins in a bar. Tolliver angrily berates him for charging an innocent man with murder. He then says that he has sent a letter to the governor asking for a committee, that he\'ll oversee, to review Wilkins\' ability to be a judge, and says he hopes they will find him unable. Judge Wilkins, obviously distraught, attempts to order a drink, to which the bartender replies, "Ten dollars a shot", mocking the judge about how Ballard charged Redding ten dollars to cross the land and how Wilkins did nothing about it. The bartender leaves Wilkins miserable and dishonored. Redding walks to the gallows but not before being hugged by his son and another heartfelt goodbye. He is hung and various clips show. One is of his son, Cage and Woody leading the two stallions along with Redding\'s body away from the city back home. Another shows the Wyoming marching band parading down the street announcing Wyoming has become a state.'] ['Maria Merryweather\'s father is killed and his debts have caused the loss of all he owns- he leaves her nothing but an old book, "The Ancient Chronicles of Moonacre Valley." The book details the life of the Moon Princess, a woman so beautiful and pure the moon itself blessed her with power, a set of magical pearls. On her wedding day, she receives a unicorn from her husband-to-be, and her father gives him a rare black lion, after which, she reveals the pearls to her family  and her bridegrooms family , who have lived together for years. At the funeral Maria spots a young boy her age, wearing an odd hat, watching her from a distance but when she looks back he has disappeared. It is revealed that Maria\'s mother died when she was young, and she and her governess, Miss Heliotrope, are sent to live with her uncle, her father\'s older brother, Sir Benjamin Merryweather who lives at Moonacre Manor. On the journey, they are attacked by bandits, and soon after meet Sir Benjamin, a seemingly bad tempered, irritable man, who tells her almost all of the house is off limits to her and warns her never to go into the woods. He also takes the book from her. As time passes, she begins to notice that her new residence is home to many strange, fantastical events. Food and clothing are left in her room seemingly by magic, a piano plays itself, and even though there is no kitchen, there is always food on the dining room table. Each night a star falls from the sky and a mysterious picture appears outside her room. Each day, her uncle has the picture removed. One day, Maria\'s uncle takes her horse riding. She spots a rabbit in distress and follows it into the woods in an effort to help it. Bandits find Maria while she is in the forest and pursue her. Maria recognizes them as members of the De Noir family and the same bandits who attacked her on a previous journey. She learns that the leader of the small teenage group is called Robin. She also recalls her uncle\'s warning concerning the De Noirs. She is saved from the bandits by her uncle\'s dog, Wrolf, a demonic seeming creature. Robin is revealed to be the son of Coeur De Noir who is the leader of the De Noirs clan. It is also learned that his father is very hard on him, calling him prized dolt for a son after he fails in capturing Maria. After their escape, Maria asks her uncle about the numerous strange events but he shocks her by telling her angrily to stop asking questions. Despite his efforts to hide his tears, Maria notices her uncle crying as he rebukes her. Her uncle tries to leave Maria behind, but Maria chases after her uncle\'s dog. She stumbles upon the kitchen and finds in it the seemingly magical chef who has been leaving the food in her room and who calls her "Little Princess". He tells her of a book that contains all the secret passages at Moonacre, but it is hidden in the library, a place she is forbidden to go. Finding the book again, she discovers that both the Moon Princess\' father and her bridegroom were corrupted by the power of the pearls, and betrayed, she cursed them all, proclaiming that one day a "Pure heart" would return, and if she is not "Heard" by the 5000th moon, the Valley would be plunged into darkness. The moon pearls vanished that day, and Maria realises that the story is true. She asks the chef, who tells her that both families are blinded by pride, and only a true moon princess can break the curse, by returning the pearls to the sea and reuniting the families. He also tells her about a little white horse, invisible to all but a true princess, who would protect her, but she doesn\'t believe him. She works out she has till the next moon to set things right. The next morning, she attempts to run away, but hears a voice calling to her. Following it, she finds a mysterious woman named Loveday, living in a cave with many animals. Loveday is the person who has been leaving the dresses in her room. She reveals that if the pearls are not returned to the sea, the moons will crash into the valley, killing everyone. She and the woman discuss plans, and Maria is told angrily never to speak of her uncle Benjamin to Loveday. Maria soon realises that each family has one part of the pearls- the Merryweathers have the key and the de Noirs have the casket. Maria finds the key in the bookmark of the Chronicles, and sneaks into the de Noir fortress to retrieve the casket. However, she finds they don\'t have the pearls, and is imprisoned beneath the fortress. Along the way she manages to kick Robin in-between the legs when he is being rude. She escapes by using her dress as a decoy and is found by her uncle\'s dog in the woods. After she escaped Coeur De Noir orders her to be killed by saying "their death is our victory". His son Robin seems a little put off by this and remarks that "stupid girl should have stayed where you were". When Maria returns home her uncle is furious, and refuses to listen to her, but apologies to her later that evening. Loveday appears in her room the next morning, giving her a dress belonging to the first moon princess. Maria persuades her to come downstairs, and the piano plays as if in recognition. Loveday begins to play, and Maria joins her, but soon notices a mirror, showing her Uncle and Loveday dancing to the same music. In the mirror, she reveals to Benjamin that she is a De Noir and Benjamin becomes enraged, believing she tricked him to look for the pearls. Back outside the mirror, Maria talks to Loveday about what she saw, and becoming angered at the pride of both her uncle and Loveday, tells her that Pride is the real curse. Upstairs, looking at the picture, she realizes that it points the way to the pearls. The chef suggests she asks Robin, de Noir\'s son, and when she refuses points out that she has plenty of pride herself, causing her to think again. When leaving, she gives the servant letters addressed to Loveday and Benjamin, telling them to meet in the house. Trapping Robin, by hanging him from his ankle she makes him promise to listen. After he does she cuts him down and convinces him to help her find the pearls, which are hidden in a tree deep within the forest. As Robin is creating a false trail, Maria notices that he is keeping her ribbon in his pocket, and there is some gentle flirting between them. Meanwhile, Benjamin and Loveday meet, quickly realize what Maria has done, and follow her with Miss Heliotrope, using Chef\'s superior sense of smell. On the trip, Benjamin and Loveday\'s relationship slowly begins to repair itself. Robin is captured near the tree, and Wrolf is trapped in a pit. Maria runs, finding the unicorn. De Noir vows to catch her himself, calling his son and daughter  traitors. De Noir finds Maria from the tree and Robin escapes to help her, releasing her from his father, and running to the place where it all began, but Wrolf appears to be injured. After they arrive, soon followed by her Uncle and Loveday, Maria attempts to get Benjamin and de Noir to sacrifice their pride, but neither can do it. Attempting to return the pearls to the sea and failing, she realizes she must sacrifice herself if they are to sacrifice their pride, and throws herself into the ocean. Both families are shocked at this especially Robin. He falls to his knees as he watches her plunge into the water below. The moon accepts her offering, and Maria herself is rescued by a unicorn. Wrolf is restored to life, but as the giant black lion, restoring the magic to Moonacre. A De Noir attempts to kill Maria, but she is saved by Mrs Heliotrope. Benjamin proposes to Loveday again, and she accepts. Mrs Heliotrope is also proposed to by Digweed, Benjamin\'s servant, and also accepts. They all smile, Maria kisses Robin on the cheak and stare off into the moonlight. The story ends and the book closes.'] ["Robert Urich is a lawyer who's fallen in love with a woman who's married to a dying millionaire and the whole story results in a love triangle."] ['Ralph Meeker plays Mike Hammer, a tough Los Angeles private eye who is almost as brutal and corrupt as the crooks he chases. Mike, and his assistant/secretary/lover, Velda , usually work on "penny-ante divorce cases". One evening on a lonely country road, Hammer gives a ride to Christina , an attractive hitchhiker wearing nothing but a trench coat. She has escaped from a nearby mental institution. Thugs waylay them and Hammer awakens in some unknown location where he hears Christina screaming and being tortured to death. The thugs then push Hammer\'s car off a cliff with Christina\'s body and an unconscious Hammer inside. Hammer next awakens in a hospital with Velda by his bedside. He decides to pursue the case, both for vengeance and because, "She  must be connected with something big" behind it all.  The twisting plot takes Hammer to the apartment of Lily Carver , a sexy, waif-like blond who is posing as Christina\'s ex-roommate. Lily tells Hammer she has gone into hiding and asks Hammer to protect her. It turns out that she is after a mysterious box that, she believes, has contents worth a fortune. "The great whatsit", as Velda calls it, at the center of Hammer\'s quest is a small, mysterious valise that is hot to the touch and contains a dangerous, glowing substance. It comes to represent the 1950s Cold War fear and nuclear weapon paranoia about the atomic bomb that permeated American culture. (Homage is paid to this glowing MacGuffin in the 1980 cult film [[Repo_Man_ Later, at an isolated beach house, Hammer finds "Lily", who has been revealed to be an imposter named Gabrielle, with her evil boss, Dr. Soberin . Velda is their hostage, tied up in a bedroom. Soberin and Gabrielle are vying for the contents of the box. Gabrielle shoots Soberin, believing that she can keep the mysterious contents for herself. As she slyly opens the case, it is ultimately revealed to be stolen radionuclide material, which in the final scene apparently reaches explosive criticality when the box is fully opened. Horrifying sounds emit from the nuclear material as Gabrielle and the house burst into flames.  The original American release of the film shows Hammer and Velda escaping from the burning house at the end, running into the ocean as the words "The End" come over them on the screen. Sometime after its first release, the ending was crudely altered on the film\'s original negative, removing over a minute\'s worth of shots where Hammer and Velda escape and superimposing the words "The End" over the burning house. This implied that Hammer and Velda perished in the atomic blaze, and was often interpreted to represent the apocalypse. In 1997, the original conclusion was restored, where Velda and Mike survive. The DVD release has the correct original ending, and offers the now-discredited truncated ending as an extra. The movie is described as "the definitive, apocalyptic, nihilistic, science-fiction film noir of all time – at the close of the classic noir period."Filmsite'] ['In November 1903, young women are being killed in London, each with a silk stocking shoved down her throat. Watson seeks help from the retired and bored Holmes, who determines that the victims are well-born ladies, not prostitutes. Evidence found include a thumbprint, a pair of ladies\' dancing shoes, broken glass, a strong smell of chloroform, and a silk stocking removed from a victim\'s gullet. It seems the killer has a foot fetish. Holmes questions a survivor - a young girl who was apparently set free by her captor because she has a club foot - and arranges for her to "accidentally" see the footman that he suspects is the killer, despite his ironclad alibis. The girl identifies him as her kidnapper, but the thumbprint clears the suspect. Holmes then baits a trap for the killer: he uses the sister of a victim and has her perform in a classical tableau at an event attended by the King and Queen. Her Grecian-Roman costume is revealing, and her sandals expose her feet. After the performance, she walks away to be alone; the suspect drugs her and is quickly caught by Holmes and placed in custody. The sister returns home and is tucked into bed by her father. However, the suspect\'s thumbprint doesn\'t match the evidence. Holmes suspects the killer has an identical twin, and that the real killer is still on the loose. Holmes telephones the father of the "bait" sister to warn him, but the real killer kidnapped her from her bed just minutes earlier. The audience sees the killer carrying her over his shoulder as blood drips from her face, where he cut her with broken glass. The police force the other twin to lead them to his brother, but he escapes the police. Holmes finds the killer and his victim just in time; the young woman has a silk stocking tied around her neck, and Watson has to cut it and perform something that looks like CPR. Holmes gets the killer twin to confess that he wanted his victims\' attention, because they looked at him while in captivity. Both twins are then taken into custody. At the end, Watson marries an American psychiatrist and leaves on honeymoon, and Holmes is left sitting alone at the table.'] ['The Empire of Japan had been at war with China since 1937 before declaring war on the United States and the United Kingdom. During the conflict, Jamie Graham, a British upper middle class schoolboy living in Shanghai, is separated from his parents. He spends some time living in his deserted house and eating remnants of food; eventually, he ventures out into the city and finds it bustling with Japanese troops. Jamie is captured along with Basie, an American sailor, who nicknames him "Jim". They are taken to Lunghua Civilian Assembly Center in Shanghai, but are eventually moved to Suzhou Creek Internment Camp. By 1945, a few months before the end of the Pacific War, Jim has established a good living, despite the poor conditions of the camp. He has an extensive trading network, even involving the camp\'s commanding officer, Sergeant Nagata. Dr. Rawlins, the camp\'s British doctor, becomes a father figure to Jim. Through the barbwire fencing, Jim befriends a Japanese teenager, who shares Jim\'s dream of becoming a pilot. Still idolizing Basie, Jim frequently visits him in the American soldiers\' barracks. At one point, Basie charges him to set snare traps outside the wire of the camp and while Jim succeeds, thanks to the help of the Japanese teenager from the other side, the real reason for sending Jim into the marsh was actually to test the area for mines, not to catch game. As a reward, Basie allows him to move into the American barracks with him. Basie then plots to escape. Nagata visits Basie\'s barracks and Nagata beats him severely after discovering a stolen bar of Japanese soap hidden under a table. While Basie is in the infirmary, his possessions are stolen by other men in the camp. One morning at dawn, Jim witnesses a kamikaze ritual of three Japanese pilots at the air base. Overcome with emotion at the solemnity of the ceremony, he begins to sing the Welsh song Suo Gân. Later, the camp comes under attack by a group of American P-51 Mustang fighter aircraft. As a result of the attack, the Japanese decide to evacuate the camp. During the confusion of the attack, Basie escapes, leaving Jim behind, although he had promised to let Jim come with him. The camp\'s population marches through the wilderness, where many die of fatigue, starvation, and disease. During the march, Jim witnesses a flash from the atomic bombing of Nagasaki hundreds of miles away, and later hears news of Japan\'s surrender and the end of the war. Jim sneaks away from the group and goes back to Soochow Creek, nearly dead from starvation. He encounters the Japanese teenager he knew earlier, who has since become a pilot and appears distraught at the surrender of his country. The youth remembers Jim and offers him a mango, cutting it for him with his katana. As Jim is about to eat it, Basie reappears with a group of armed Americans, who have arrived to loot the Red Cross containers that were dropped after the Japanese surrender. One of the Americans, thinking Jim is in danger, shoots and kills the Japanese youth. Jim, furious, beats the American who shot his friend. Basie drags him off and promises to take him back to Shanghai to find his parents, but Jim refuses the offer and stays behind. He is found by American soldiers and put in an orphanage in Shanghai with other children who had lost their parents. When his parents come looking for him, Jim is so scarred from his experiences that he does not recognize them at first.'] ["The story concerns a young mentally disturbed man, Martin Lynn , who goes on a rampage after his sick mother dies. One of the man's biggest beefs is with the Catholic Church who, in addition to slighting him when his mother needed a priest, once refused to bury his father years earlier because he committed suicide. The man, blaming the environment he lives in, goes on a rampage taking revenge on his cheap boss, a mortician and a priest, Father Kirkman , who refuses to give his poor mother a big funeral. He begins his rampage by killing the hard-line Catholic priest, who slighted him, by beating him with a heavy crucifix. Later, another young priest, Father Roth , suspects the young man, now arrested for another crime, for the killing."] ["The film is set in Scotland in the early 1950s. Shiftless young drifter Joe Taylor works on a barge which operates from Glasgow, on the River Clyde, along the Forth and Clyde and Union Canals to Edinburgh. He shares the cramped on-board living quarters with its operators, Les and Ella Gault, and their young son Jim. One day Joe and Les pull the body of a young woman, naked except for a petticoat, from the water. Via flashbacks, we learn Joe knew her, and scenes involving his relationship with office worker Cathie Dimly are juxtaposed with those set in the present time. After finding Cathie's body, Joe and Les go to a local pub to play darts. Joe leaves Les behind and returns to the barge, where Ella succumbs to his advances. Not wanting to disturb the sleeping Jim, the two engage in sex on the towpath. It proves to be the first of many such encounters they enjoy whenever they can find a few moments away from Les. In the past, Joe meets Cathie on a beach and the two soon are living together. He aspires to be a writer and spends his days banging on a battered typewriter while she works to support them. Joe begins to suffer from chronic writer's block and Cathie, unhappy with his lack of productivity, accuses him of taking advantage of her. He packs his meager belongings and moves out. After tossing his typewriter in a canal, he meets Les, who offers him a job on the barge. Les eventually becomes aware of Ella and Joe's affair and moves out of the barge, which belongs to her, and Ella and Joe drift into a more serious relationship. When she receives word her brother-in-law has died, she and Joe visit her sister Gwen and invite her to spend a couple of weeks with them. One evening, on the pretext Gwen would like to see a movie, she and Joe leave the barge and go to a pub. After a few drinks, the two have sex in a deserted alley. Eventually, Ella's desire to settle in the suburbs and her no-nonsense supervision of the barge's daily commercial activities put a damper on the once-unbridled passion in her relationship with Joe, and he packs and leaves. In the past, Joe and Cathie reunite on the waterfront and have sex beneath a parked truck. She reveals she is pregnant with his child, and when Joe nonchalantly begins to walk away, she runs after him, trips, and falls into the water while dressed only in her petticoat. Joe makes no move to rescue her and, when she fails to surface, he panics and runs away. Past and present converge. Daniel Gordon, a plumber whom Cathie was casually seeing, is arrested and tried for her murder, and Joe spends a few days in the courtroom listening to testimony. Guilt-stricken, he writes an anonymous note absolving Daniel of the crime and leaves it where a courthouse guard can find it. It has no effect on the proceedings, and Daniel is found guilty and sentenced to hang. Unwilling to risk his life, Joe opts not to confess how Cathie really died and sets off for parts unknown."] ['Morgan Leafy is a British diplomat and works in the small African state of Kinjanja, in the process of decolonisation. Arthur Fanshawe, a new member of the Commission, brings Leafy the news that oil has just been discovered in Kinjanja. For the British to obtain the benefits of such unexpected news, they must maintain good relations with the man who appears likely to be the next president of Kinjanja, Sam Adekunle. But a diplomatic crisis occurs: a woman dies at the High Commission and the British want to prolong the native burial honors for several days.'] ['Sydney Carton, a drunken English lawyer, discovers that Charles Darnay, a man he once defended, is a French aristocrat trying to escape the French Revolution. While he envies the man over the love of a woman, Lucie Manette, his conscience is pricked and he resolves to help him escape the guillotine.'] ['In September 1963, in Gatlin, Nebraska the town is in the middle of a severe drought. In a tent out in the vast cornfields, a young boy, claiming that the Old Testament-era Canaanite God whom he calls "He Who Walks Behind the Rows" had spoken to him in his dreams, tells other children that the sinful and blasphemous adults are the reason for their recent troubles , prompting the children to kill everybody nineteen and over in town; leading them to found a death cult with a prime rule that, once reaching the age of nineteen, one must be sacrificed to the cult\'s God. In April 1975, 12 years later, a constantly bickering couple consisting of Vietnam veteran Burt  and his wife Vicky  are driving along a back road near Gatlin, planning on celebrating their second honeymoon in California, when a boy named Joseph  stumbles out of the roadside corn and in front of their car. Accidentally running Joseph over, Burt assesses his body and realizes the boy\'s throat was slashed. After wrapping and placing Joseph\'s body in the trunk, Burt tells Vicky to wait for him while he looks around with shotgun in hand. Among the corn, Burt finds Joseph\'s bloodied suitcase and takes it with him back to the car. He and Vicky drive off in search of aid, not realizing they were being watched by Isaac , a 9-year old current cult leader, and his most loyal follower, 17-year old warrior named Malachai . After hearing a group of children giving an evangelical sermon over the radio, Burt and Vicky reach an abandoned gas station before deciding to go to Gatlin after finding the phones non-functional. While Burt drives, Vicky manages to open Joseph\'s suitcase and finds a tribal-looking barbaric amulet inside which she recognizes as a pagan creation. Meanwhile, in the cornfields, Isaac tells the others about Burt and Vicky and that they, like the "blue man"  must be killed to appease "He Who Walks Behind the Rows", who demanded Joseph for trying to escape. Reaching the town Burt and Vicky find it seemingly abandoned, the stoplight dead, with a calendar in a bar still reading 1963. Eventually coming across a church with a sermon board dated last week Burt goes in to investigate, ignoring Vicky\'s pleas that they should just leave . Inside the church, Burt finds various occult drawings, larger version of the trinket that was in Joseph\'s suitcase and a book listing the birthdays of the town\'s inhabitants. As Burt skims through the book, Vicky is surrounded and attacked by Malachai and several other boys  and manages to kill one of them with Burt\'s shotgun before Malachai stabs her. Hearing the shotgun blast, Burt rushes outside just as Malachai blows the car up. Chased by the children into an alleyway Burt is taunted by Isaac . Killing two of the older boys, Burt runs off into the cornfields, where the children refrain from going without either Isaac or Malachai. In the alleyway, Isaac confronts Malachai, telling him that by spilling Joseph\'s blood in the corn he has angered He Who Walks Behind The Rows. After questioning Malachai\'s faith, Isaac has him pray before the two regroup with their followers, who they tell must sacrifice Burt in the clearing where the blue man\'s corpse is held. After leading a song, Malachai and the children begin hunting Burt through the corn. While searching, Malachai is told by Nahum , one of the younger boys, that he had a vision of He Who Walks Behind The Rows, leading Malachai to believe Nahum is the new prophet and that Isaac\'s time is coming to an end. Before leaving to continue the search for Burt , Malachai mentions that they must finish the search before dark, as that is He Who Walks Behind the Row\'s time. Having lost a large amount of blood due to his arm injury, Burt begins having flashbacks to Vietnam and kills several of the children, including Nahum. At nightfall the worshipers abandon the search and return to the town. They have a feast prepared by the females, who seem concerned that Burt was not apprehended. Later that night, Isaac holds a sermon in the church based on the tenet of "be fruitful and multiply" and proclaims that the time of fertilization has come. He beckons a teenage girl  and boy  up to the front of the church and they immediately disrobe and have sex in front of the entire congregation, much to their excitement. In the fields, Burt, lost and delusional, has visions of all those he has killed, and begins wandering around aimlessly, searching for the road as the plant life begins attacking him. Soon, Burt finds the clearing and discovers Vicky who, like the blue man, has been made into a scarecrow. Hallucinating that Vicky\'s body is talking to him, Burt is faced by He Who Walks Behind The Rows, who proceeds to disembowel him and rip his eyes out in a form of ritual sacrifice. The next day, Isaac tells the children that He Who Walks Behind The Rows told him in a dream that He is displeased with their inability to kill Burt, who He had to dispose of Himself—like the blue man . Before burying their dead, Isaac tells everyone that the age of sacrifice has been lowered from nineteen to eighteen as punishment for their sins. After all the children leave Isaac stands in front of the a pile of the children\'s bodies and as he sets them on fire he looks at something and shouts "Scarecrow!". The scarecrow is revealed to be Burt. Later, Malachai and the other eighteen year-olds enter the cornfields at dusk, offering themselves to He Who Walks Behind The Rows. While saying goodbye, Malachai\'s pregnant lover Ruth , whose faith had earlier been shaken, has a vision of herself setting fire to the corn.'] ['It starred James Caan, Lukas Haas, and Lisa Bonet. Unlike the 1980 adaptation, it discards a significant portion of the plot, some minor characters, and much of the philosophical underpinnings of the book.'] ['In the Victorian period, Ebenezer Scrooge  is a cynical and embittered old man whose greatest concern is money, and who regards compassion as a luxury he cannot afford. On Christmas Eve, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of Jacob Marley , his former business partner, who, as a result of his greed and mistreatment of the poor, is doomed to walk the earth forevermore, never to find rest or peace, fettered in chains of his own sins. Marley arranges for Scrooge to be visited by three spirits in an attempt to show him the errors of his ways and avoid the same horrid afterlife &mdash; the Ghosts of Christmases Past , Present , and Yet to Come ([[Michael Carter . The spirits force Scrooge to examine the failings of his own life, as well as the bravery and optimism of his loyal but ill-treated employee Bob Cratchit ([[David Warner . Scrooge reforms, learning to keep the spirit of Christmas alive in his heart, ultimately becoming a well-loved and respected man.'] ['Evelyn Couch , a timid, unhappy housewife in her forties, meets elderly Ninny Threadgoode  in a Birmingham, Alabama, nursing home. Ninny, over several encounters with Evelyn, tells her the story of the now-abandoned town of Whistle Stop, Alabama, and the people who lived there. The film\'s subplot concerns Evelyn\'s dissatisfaction with her marriage and her life, her growing confidence, and her developing friendship with Ninny. The narrative switches several times between Ninny\'s story, which is set between World War I and World War II, and Evelyn\'s life in 1980s Birmingham. Ninny\'s story begins with tomboy Imogene "Idgie" Threadgoode , the youngest of the Threadgoode children, whom Ninny describes as her sister-in-law. Idgie\'s close relationship with her charming older brother Buddy  is cut short when he is hit by a train and killed. Devastated, Idgie recedes from formal society for much of her childhood and adolescence until Buddy\'s former girlfriend, the straitlaced Ruth Jamison , intervenes at the request of the concerned Threadgoode family. Idgie initially resists Ruth\'s attempts at friendship, but then gradually allows a deep attachment to develop. Ruth leaves Whistle Stop to marry Frank Bennett  and moves to Valdosta, Georgia. Idgie is upset at losing her friend and struggles to forget her. After some time she visits Ruth, now pregnant and suffering from physical abuse from Frank. Against Frank\'s wishes, Ruth returns to Whistle Stop with Idgie, where her child, named Buddy Jr., is born. Papa Threadgoode gives Idgie money to start a business so she can care for Ruth and Buddy Jr. Ruth and Idgie open the Whistle Stop Cafe, employing cook Sipsey  and her son Big George , who makes a barbecue that quickly becomes popular with their patrons. Frank Bennett eventually returns to Whistle Stop in an attempt to kidnap Buddy Jr., but is thwarted by an unseen assailant. Frank goes missing and his truck is later found at the bottom of a nearby lake. Idgie is immediately a suspect, as she had publicly threatened violence against him for beating Ruth. She is arrested along with Big George for Frank\'s murder. The local sheriff offers to release her and pin the crime solely on Big George, but Idgie refuses to sacrifice her friend. During the subsequent trial, the local minister lies, providing Idgie and Big George with an alibi for the time of Frank\'s disappearance. Taking into account Frank\'s reputation for getting drunk, the judge rules his death an accident. Idgie and Big George are cleared of all charges. After the trial, Ruth develops cancer and dies. Following her death, the café closes. Over time, many Whistle Stop residents eventually move away, bringing Ninny to the end of her story, but not before the revelation of what really happened to Frank: Sipsey had killed Frank  while trying to stop him from kidnapping Buddy Jr. Big George then barbecued Frank\'s body and served it to the Georgia sheriff searching for Frank. Evelyn discovers that during Ninny\'s temporary stay at the nursing home, Ninny\'s house was condemned and torn down. Evelyn, having become good friends with Ninny, offers her a room in her home which Ninny accepts. As the two friends walk away from Ninny\'s former home, they pass Ruth\'s grave, freshly adorned with a jar of honey and honeycomb and a card which reads "I will always Love You. The Bee Charmer", Ruth\'s old nickname for Idgie.'] ["College student and science genius Paul Conway  and his mother, Jeannie , have just moved into a new city. Paul is studying neurology and artificial intelligence at the local college, and has built a remote-controlled robot named BB , which occasionally shows signs of autonomy. Paul befriends fellow college student Tom , and a girl named Samantha  who lives next door to the Conways. Another neighbor to the Conways is a reclusive harridan named Elvira Parker . On Halloween night as a prank, Paul, Tom and Samantha have BB crack the combination lock on her gate so that they can ring Elvira's doorbell to scare her. When Samantha rings the doorbell, an alarm sounds and all three take cover beside Elvira's porch. As Elvira appears on the porch, wielding a shotgun, BB reactivates himself and starts coming through the fence. Elvira opens fire on the robot, destroying it. Samantha struggles with an abusive father , who ultimately beats her so severely that she is left close to death. The doctors tell Paul that she does not have long to live, and together Paul and Tom steal Samantha's body. Paul surgically implants BB's AI chip into Samantha's brain. Samantha is activated by BB's remote control and seems to be controlled primarily by BB's AI chip, although flashes of Samantha's memories periodically surface as her personality attempts to assert itself. Governed by this composite of BB's and Samantha's memories, Samantha, now possessing superhuman strength, avenges herself upon Elvira Parker and Samantha's father. The police track her down to the woodshed where Paul has hidden her, and Samantha's personality appears to gain total domination. This development is short-lived, however, as Samantha takes a bullet intended for Paul. After Samantha dies in Paul's arms, her body is seen in the morgue, where the coroner has just finished his autopsy and has pulled the sheet over her body. When Paul comes for her body, she transforms into a more malevolent version of BB and kills Paul by breaking his neck."] ["In the era of the Mao's Cultural Revolution, 11-year-old Chinese boy Li Cunxin resides in a rural village commune in Shandong Province, destined to labour in the fields. As often occurred in those times, government officials fanning out across the nation seeking young candidates for centralized training arrive at this school. At first bypassed but selected after a plea by his teacher during the school visit, Li seems bewildered although piqued by the gruff preliminary inspection screening at the provincial capital city of Qingdao. Forwarded to a Beijing audition for a place in Madame Mao's Dance Academy, he is admitted for ballet training based on a series of physique and flexibility examinations. Years of arduous training follow, Li surpassing his initial lukewarm interest and mediocre performance after inspiration from senior teacher Chan . Later during the course of a groundbreaking cultural visit to China, American-based English ballet director Ben Stevenson, impressed by Li's standout talent, seeks him as an exchange student at his the Houston Ballet. Li's determined courage garners a formerly disparaging teacher to influence the Academy allow him the opportunity for a three-month stay in the United States. Li's encounters with US life cause questioning of the Chinese Communist Party dictates upon which he has been raised, and he begins a relationship with an aspiring American dancer, Elizabeth Mackey. Quickly attracting the attention of the local ballet scene, Li together with Stevenson requests a time extension in America, but the Chinese government refuses. Overwhelmed by the opportunities offered in America and in love with Mackey, Li is determined to stay. With legal advice that the Chinese government would recognize certain residence rights arising from an international marriage, Li and Mackey rush into a marriage. To declare personal responsibility for his decision and hopefully avoid consequences for his family and Stevenson, Li visits the Chinese Consulate in Houston. The Chinese resident diplomat forcibly detains Li in attempt to coerce his return to China. Unknown to Li, the situation quickly evolves when the media and high level government agents both in the US and China become involved. When Li perseveres in his refusal to repatriate, the Chinese Government agrees to release him but revokes his citizenship and declares he can never return to the land of his birth. Li and Elizabeth are set to depart for Florida but Li is persuaded to stay by Stevenson for his ballet company, dooming Elizabeth's prospects of dancing success. Burdened by this, plus concerned for and unable to communicate with his family, Cunxin continues to excel at dance, but his relationship with Elizabeth disintegrates and their marriage ends. Five years later, as a show of goodwill the Chinese government allows Li's parents to visit him in the US where they finally witness his performance of the The Rite of Spring and even reunite with him on stage. Li is eventually granted permission to visit China. Together with his new wife Mary McKendry , an Australian ballerina, and coming back to the village of his youth, he rejoins family and the former teacher Chan. Li and McKendry give an impromptu outdoor ballet performance with his wife to the village's uproarious cheer. Closing credits announce that: Li Cunxin danced in China with the Houston Ballet in 1995, a performance broadcast to an audience of over 500 million people. He and Mary McKendry now live in Australia with their three children. Ben Stevenson left the Houston Ballet after 27 years as Artistic Director. Acclaimed as one of the world’s leading choreographers, he is now Artistic Director of the Texas Ballet Theater. Charles C. Foster still practices law in Houston. He is recognized internationally as an authority on Immigration Law. Elizabeth Mackey  danced with the Oklahoma Ballet for some years. She is now a speech therapist, working mainly with children."] ["Valerie Plame is employed by the Central Intelligence Agency, a fact known outside the agency to no one except her husband and parents. She is an agent involved in a number of sensitive and sometimes dangerous covert operations overseas. Her husband, Joseph C. Wilson, is a diplomat who most recently has served as the U.S. ambassador to Gabon. Due to his earlier diplomatic background in Niger, Wilson is approached by Plame's CIA colleagues to travel there and glean information as to whether yellowcake uranium is being procured by Iraq for use in the construction of nuclear weapons. Wilson determines to his own satisfaction that it is not. After military action is taken by George W. Bush, who justifies it in a 2003 State of the Union address by alluding to the uranium's use in building weapons of mass destruction, Wilson submits an op-ed piece to The New York Times, claiming these reports to be categorically untrue. Plame's status as a CIA agent is subsequently revealed in the media, the leak possibly coming from White House officials, including the Vice President's chief of staff and national security adviser, Scooter Libby, in part to discredit her husband's allegation that the Bush administration had manipulated intelligence to justify the invasion of Iraq. As a result, Plame is instantly dismissed from the agency, leaving several of her delicate operations in limbo and creating a rift in her marriage. Plame leaves her husband, further angered by his granting of television and print interviews, which expose them both to public condemnation and death threats. Wilson ultimately persuades her, however, that there is no other way to fight a power as great as that of the White House for citizens like them. Plame returns to him and testifies before a Congressional committee, while Libby is convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice and given a 30-month prison sentence, although President Bush commutes the jail time on Libby's behalf."] ["The narrator, Astrid Magnussen , is the 15-year-old daughter of a free-spirited artist, Ingrid . Since her father left before she was old enough to remember him, Astrid depends heavily upon the maternal care of her passionate but largely self-centered mother. Ingrid's current relationship, with a vulgar man named Barry , comes to an end when he is discovered to be cheating on her with younger women, and her emotional response leads her to murder him using poison . Ingrid is arrested and sentenced to life in prison, leaving Astrid without parents and in need of foster care. Astrid is sent to live with foster mother Starr Thomas ([[Robin Wright , a former stripper and born-again Christian who is a recovering alcoholic. Though they initially interact well, Starr begins to suspect that Astrid is having an affair with her live-in boyfriend, which turns out to be true. Eventually, after a loud argument with her boyfriend, Starr enters Astrid's room in a blind and jealous rage and shoots her. After spending some time in a violent group foster home, Astrid is then given into the care of former actress Claire Richards , a sweet and affectionate woman who initially provides stability for Astrid. Upon accompanying Astrid to see her mother in prison, however, Claire's weaknesses are seized upon by the jealous Ingrid, and she ultimately commits suicide by overdosing on pills and alcohol, suspecting that her husband Mark  is having an affair and is going to divorce her. Astrid then chooses to live with a Russian immigrant, Rena , who treats her foster children as cheap laborers. As Ingrid's appeal for release approaches, she tries to bribe Astrid to testify that she did not murder Barry. In a newfound position of power, Astrid demands answers from her mother as to their past, leading to the revelation that Ingrid abandoned Astrid with a babysitter called Annie for over a year when she was younger, a move that clearly gave rise to feelings of abandonment in Astrid's childhood. Eventually, having reluctantly agreed to testify, Astrid learns from her mother's lawyer that the appeal has been denied, because Ingrid refused to let Astrid's testimony be heard, a final act of love from a difficult but ultimately loving mother. Newly emancipated, Astrid forges a new adult life in New York with Paul Trout , a young man she met in the group home."] ["In 1462, Vlad Dracula, a member of the Order of the Dragon, returns from a victory against the Turks to find his wife, Elisabeta, has committed suicide after receiving a false report of his death. Enraged that his wife is now damned for committing suicide, Dracula desecrates his chapel and renounces God, declaring that he will rise from the grave to avenge Elisabeta with all the powers of darkness. In a fit of rage, he stabs the cross with his sword and drinks the blood which is pouring out of the cross. In 1897, newly-qualified solicitor Jonathan Harker takes the Transylvanian Count Dracula as a client from his colleague R. M. Renfield, who has gone insane. Jonathan travels to Transylvania to arrange Dracula's real estate acquisition in London, including Carfax Abbey. Jonathan meets Dracula, who discovers a picture of Harker's fiancée, Mina, and believes that she is the reincarnation of Elisabeta. Dracula leaves Jonathan to be seduced by his brides and sails to England with boxes of his native soil, taking up residence at Carfax Abbey. His arrival is foretold by the ravings of Renfield, now an inmate in Dr. Jack Seward's neighboring insane asylum. In London, Dracula emerges as a wolf-like creature amid a fierce thunderstorm and hypnotically seduces, then rapes and bites Lucy Westenra, with whom Mina is staying while Jonathan is in Transylvania. Lucy's deteriorating health and behavioral changes prompts Lucy's former suitors Quincey Morris and Dr. Seward, along with her fiancée, Arthur Holmwood, to summon Dr. Abraham Van Helsing, who recognizes Lucy as the victim of a vampire. Dracula, appearing young and handsome during daylight, meets and charms Mina. When Mina receives word from Jonathan, who has escaped the castle and recovered at a convent, she travels to Romania to marry him. In his fury, Dracula transforms Lucy into a vampire. Van Helsing, Holmwood, Seward and Morris kill Lucy.  After Jonathan and Mina return to London, Jonathan and Van Helsing lead the others to Carfax Abbey, where they destroy the Count's boxes of soil. Dracula enters the asylum, where he kills Renfield for warning Mina of his presence before visiting Mina, who is staying in Seward's quarters while the others hunt Dracula. He confesses that he murdered Lucy and has been terrorizing Mina's friends, but a confused and angry Mina admits that she still loves him and remembers her previous life as Elisabeta. At her insistence, Dracula begins transforming her into a vampire. The hunters burst into the bedroom, with Dracula claiming Mina as his bride before escaping. As Mina begins changing, Van Helsing hypnotizes her and learns via her connection with Dracula that he is sailing home in his last remaining box. The hunters depart for Varna to intercept him, but Dracula reads Mina's mind and evades them. The hunters split up, with Van Helsing and Mina traveling to the Borgo Pass and the castle, while the others try to stop the Gypsies transporting the Count. At night, Van Helsing and Mina are approached by Dracula's brides. They frighten Mina at first, but she gives into their chanting and attempts to seduce Van Helsing. Before Mina can feed on his blood, Van Helsing places a communion wafer upon her forehead, leaving a mark. He surrounds them with a ring of fire to protect them from the brides, then infiltrates the castle and decapitates them the following morning. As sunset approaches, Dracula's carriage arrives at the castle, pursued by the hunters. A fight between the hunters and gypsies ensues. Morris is stabbed in the back during the fight and at sunset Dracula bursts from his coffin. Harker slits his throat while a wounded Morris stabs him in the heart with a Bowie knife. As Dracula staggers, Mina rushes to his defense. Holmwood tries to attack but Van Helsing and Harker allow her to retreat with the Count. Morris dies, surrounded by his friends. In the chapel where he renounced God, Dracula lies dying in an ancient demonic form. He asks Mina to give him peace. They share a kiss as the candles adorning the chapel light up, and Mina shoves the knife through Dracula's heart. The mark on her forehead disappears as Dracula's curse is lifted. She decapitates him, and finally gazes up at the fresco of Vlad and Elisabeta ascending to Heaven together."] ['Set in South America, it tells the tale of a rich playboy, Dax   who uses and destroys everyone who crosses his path. His vileness results from having seen his mother and sister raped and murdered by outlaws, and him being forced to kill his own grandfather. But his obsession is to avenge his father\'s murder. And yet, the father of Dax had been a true patriot unlike any of the other self-seeking Presidentes in an otherwise poor country always belonging to "the revolution." After Dax is himself shot and dies below a statue erected to exploit the memory of his father, Xenos finally realizes he loved his country but had failed both his country and to be the man his father was.'] ["The book club is the brainchild of fiftysomething six-time divorcée Bernadette, who latches onto the idea when she meets Prudie, a prim, married high school French teacher in her mid-20s, at a Jane Austen film festival. Her concept is to have six members discuss all of Austen's six novels, with each member hosting the group once a month. Also inducted into the club are Sylvia, a fortysomething librarian who recently has separated from her philandering lawyer husband Daniel after more than two decades of marriage; Sylvia's 20-something lesbian daughter Allegra; Jocelyn, a happily unmarried control freak and breeder of Rhodesian Ridgebacks who has been Sylvia's friend since childhood; and Grigg, a science fiction fan who's roped into the group by Jocelyn with the hope he and Sylvia will prove to be a compatible match. As the months pass, each of the members develops characteristics similar to those of Austen's characters and reacts to events in their lives in much the same way their fictional counterparts would. Bernadette is the matriarch figure who longs to see everyone find happiness. Sylvia clings to her belief in steadfast love and devotion, and eventually reconciles with Daniel. Jocelyn denies her own feelings for Grigg while playing matchmaker for him and Sylvia. Prudie, encumbered with her inattentive husband Dean and a free-spirited, pot-smoking, aging-hippie mother, a product of the 1960s counterculture, finds herself desperately trying not to succumb to her feelings for her seductive student Trey. Allegra, who tends to meet her lovers while engaging in death-defying activities, feels betrayed when she discovers her current partner, aspiring writer Corinne, has used Allegra's life as the basis for her short stories. Grigg is attracted to Jocelyn and mystified by her seeming lack of interest in him, marked by her failure to read the Ursula K. Le Guin novels he has hoped will catch her fancy. He also serves as the comedic foil to Jocelyn and Prudie's very serious takes on the books."] ['The film tells the story of a woman named Nazneen, a Bengali girl who grew up in rural Bangladesh, in the district of MymensinghBook Review: Brick Lane SAWNET, and moves to Brick Lane in London at the age of 17, with her husband Chanu Ahmed, who is twice her age and was wedded to her in an arranged marriage.{{citeweb}} and the Bangladeshi Muslim community was becoming increasingly religious including the character Karim.'] ["In seventeenth century Paris, poet and supreme swordsman Cyrano de Bergerac  stops a play from being shown because he cannot stand the bombastic style of the principal actor, Montfleury ([[Arthur Blake . An annoyed aristocratic fop, the Vicomte de Valvert , provokes him into a duel by tritely insulting Cyrano's enormous nose. Cyrano first mocks his lack of wit, improvising numerous inventive ways in which Valvert could have phrased it . He then composes a ballade for the occasion on the spot and recites it during the swordfight. With the last line, he stabs his opponent. Cyrano's friend Le Bret , Captain of the Gascony guards, warns him he has made powerful enemies of his victim's friends, but he is unconcerned. When Le Bret presses him to reveal the real reason he hates Montfleury, Cyrano admits that he became jealous when he saw his beautiful cousin Roxane  being smiled at by the actor. He confesses that he is in love with her, but harbors no hope of it being returned because of his nose. When he receives a request from Roxane to see her in the morning, he is finally emboldened to act. Then pastry chef and fellow poet Ragueneau  approaches him for help. Ragueneau has learned that a nobleman he had mocked with his verses, the Comte De Guiche , has hired a hundred ruffians to teach him a lesson. Cyrano escorts him, kills eight of the horde, and drives off the rest. The next day, before he can tell Roxane of his feelings, she informs him that she has fallen in love with a handsome guardsman, Christian de Neuvillette ([[William Prince , though she has not even spoken to him. Cyrano hides his devastation and agrees to help her. Cyrano befriends the young man and discovers that he is infatuated with Roxane, but is too inept with words to woo her. To help him, Cyrano composes Christian's love letters to Roxane, which she finds irresistible. Later, Christian decides he wants no more help and tries to speak to Roxane face to face, but fails miserably; Cyrano, hiding in the bushes, has to come to his rescue, but this time by imitating Christian's voice and speaking to Roxane from under her balcony, after she has re-entered her house in an angry huff. He is so eloquent that he  wins a kiss for Christian from Roxane. When the arrogant Comte De Guiche, who is also wooing Roxane, pressures Roxane to marry him, Cyrano delays him long enough for her to wed Christian. Furious, De Guiche, Christian's commander, orders him to join his unit immediately for a war against the Spanish, preventing the couple from spending their wedding night together. With Cyrano under his command as well, De Guiche earns the swordsman's respect by his conduct in the war. From the field, Cyrano sends Roxane letters every day supposedly written by Christian. Roxane visits her husband in camp and tells him that she now has fallen in love with him not merely for his looks but because of his words, and would love him even if he were ugly. Realizing that she really loves Cyrano, Christian gets his rival to agree to tell Roxane the truth and let her decide between them. But before the opportunity arises, Christian volunteers for a dangerous mission and is fatally wounded, silencing Cyrano. Roxane enters a convent in mourning. Years pass, with Cyrano visiting Roxane weekly. De Guiche, who has also befriended her, has overheard a courtier plotting against Cyrano, who has continued to write satirical articles mocking the nobility, and warns her that Cyrano's life may be in danger. One night, Cyrano is lured into an ambush; the poet is run down by a carriage. Near death, he hides his injuries and goes to keep his appointment with Roxane for the last time. His secret love for Roxane is finally revealed when he recites from memory one of the love letters she has kept, but it is too late. Cyrano first slips into delirium, then dies, leaving Roxane to mourn a second time."] ['The Jarretts are an upper-middle-class family trying to return to normal life after the death of one teenage son and the attempted suicide of their surviving son, Conrad . Conrad has recently returned home from a four-month stay in a psychiatric hospital. He feels alienated from his friends and family, and begins seeing a psychiatrist, Dr. Berger . Berger learns that Conrad was involved in a sailing accident in which his older brother, Buck , died. Conrad now deals with post-traumatic stress disorder and survivor\'s guilt. Conrad\'s father, Calvin , awkwardly tries to connect with his surviving son and understand his wife. Conrad\'s mother, Beth  denies her loss, hoping to maintain her composure and restore her family to what it once was. She appears to have loved her elder son more , and because of the suicide attempt, has now grown cold toward Conrad. She is determined to maintain the appearance of perfection and normality. Conrad works with Dr. Berger, and learns to try to deal with, rather than control his emotions. He starts dating a fellow student, Jeannine , who helps him to begin to regain a sense of optimism. Conrad, however, still struggles to communicate and re-establish a normal relationship with his parents and schoolmates including Stillman  with whom he gets into a fist fight. He cannot seem to allow anyone, especially Beth, to get close. Beth makes several constrained attempts to appeal to Conrad for some semblance of normality, but Conrad again rebuffs her. Mother and son often argue while Calvin tries to referee, generally taking Conrad\'s side for fear of pushing him over the edge again. Things come to a climax near Christmas, when Conrad becomes furious at Beth for not wanting to take a photo with him, swearing at her in front of his grandparents. Afterward, Beth discovers Conrad has been lying about his after-school whereabouts. This leads to a heated argument between Conrad and Beth in which Conrad points out that Beth never visited him in the hospital. He says "You would have visited Buck if he was in the hospital", to which she replies "Buck would have never been in the hospital". Beth and Calvin take a trip to see Beth’s brother in Houston where Calvin confronts Beth, calling her out on her attitude. In a moment of utter rage, Beth shouts at Calvin, "Why can\'t you see my side?" and "what kind of mother doesn’t love her son?" It is a public outburst underlining the depth of what a normally, overtly repressed Beth is suffering. Conrad suffers a setback when he learns that Karen, a friend of his from the psychiatric hospital  has committed suicide. However, a cathartic breakthrough session with Dr. Berger allows Conrad to stop blaming himself for Buck\'s death and accept his mother\'s frailties. Calvin, however, emotionally confronts Beth one last time. He questions their love, and asks whether she is capable of truly loving anyone. Stunned, Beth decides to flee her family rather than deal with her own, or their, emotions. Calvin and Conrad are left to come to terms with their new family situation.'] ["During the French and Indian War in 1757, Mohican Chingachgook  with his sons, Uncas  and adopted white Nathaniel Hawkeye , visit the Cameron frontier household. Friend Jack Winthrop  tells them he is gathering militia for the British army. General Webb agrees to grant the militia leave if their homes are attacked, in return for their reinforcement of Colonel Edmund Munro  at Fort William Henry. Newly arrived Major Duncan Heyward  and native Magua  are tasked with escorting Munro's daughters, Cora  and Alice , from Albany to their father at the fort. Duncan wishes to marry Cora, but she professes friendship only. Magua leads the unsuspecting group into an ambush by his Huron war party. Hawkeye, Uncas and Chingachgook come across the attack as Magua escapes and save Duncan, Cora and Alice, deciding to escort them to the fort. Along the way the Cameron home is found razed and its occupants murdered. The group arrive at the fort to find it under siege by the French, but manage to sneak in. Munro is surprised at his daughters’ arrival; he had sent a letter to them warning them to stay away, but Magua had schemed to reunite the family. The fort can only hold for three more days, so a messenger is sent to General Webb for help. To Duncan's chagrin, Cora and Hawkeye are drawn to each other, so he resentfully denies to testify that the razing of the Cameron homestead was done by an Ottawa war party. Munro, putting British interests first, therefore refuses to let Jack and the militia leave to defend their homes. Hawkeye secretly helps them escape anyway, but is arrested for sedition and sentenced to hang despite Cora's pleas. The French General Montcalm  generously offers all in the fort safe passage to Albany if they surrender and leave America never to fight there again. Munro reluctantly accepts after Montcalm shows Webb’s intercepted message, showing that no aid is forthcoming. Magua berates Montcalm for making peace, revealing that his village was destroyed and his children killed by Munro's troops, assisted by the Mohawk; though he regained his freedom under Mohawk captivity, his wife remarried believing he was dead. Montcalm, though intending to honor the terms, is aware of the necessity of keeping his Indian allies content and makes it clear that he would not mind if Magua were to deal with the British on his own. The retreating British soldiers and their families are ambushed by Magua's men. Magua traps Munro underneath his fallen horse and cuts out Munro's heart from his living body, but not before promising to kill Munro's daughters to extinguish his line. Hawkeye, Cora, Alice, Uncas, Chingachgook, Duncan and a few others flee in canoes across Lake George and down a river to a cave behind a waterfall, but Magua and his men are soon upon them. For their safety, Hawkeye urges Cora and her sister to submit if captured and promises he will find them later, then leaps with his father and brother down the waterfall. Magua takes Duncan and the two sisters to a Huron village. Magua negotiates his captives’ fate with the sachem when they are interrupted by the arrival of an unarmed Hawkeye. With Duncan translating in French, Hawkeye convinces the chief that Magua is acting for his own interests like the colonial powers, rather than for the good of the tribe. The chief decides that Cora is to be burned alive to atone for Magua's children, gives Alice to replace Magua’s wife so that both bloodlines can continue and orders Duncan's return to the British to placate them. Hawkeye is released in recognition of his bravery, but pleads to take Cora’s place. Duncan deliberately mistranslates, sacrificing himself instead so Hawkeye and Cora can escape, whilst Magua curses the sachem and departs with Alice and his men. From a safe distance, Hawkeye mercifully shoots Duncan as he is burned alive. Uncas, who had cared for Alice throughout, races ahead to intercept Magua's band, killing several warriors before engaging Magua. Magua kills him, then drops his body off the cliff. Rather than join Magua, Alice follows Uncas by jumping to her death. Seeing this, an enraged Hawkeye and Chingachgook set upon the Hurons and slay several. Chingachgook kills Magua, avenging his son. After a ritual for Uncas with Cora and Hawkeye, Chingachgook announces that he is the last of the Mohicans."] ['Frank Chambers , a drifter, stops at a rural California diner for a meal, and ends up working there. The diner is operated by a young, beautiful woman, Cora Smith , and her much older husband, Nick Papadakis , who is an immigrant from Greece. Frank and Cora start to have an affair soon after they meet. Cora  is tired of her situation, married to a man she does not love, and working at a diner that she wishes to own and improve. She and Frank scheme to murder Nick in order to start a new life together without her losing the diner. Their first attempt at the murder is a failure, but they eventually succeed. The local prosecutor suspects what has actually occurred, but does not have enough evidence to prove it. As a tactic intended to get Cora and Frank to turn on one another, he tries only Cora for the crime. Although they do turn against each other, a clever ploy from Cora\'s lawyer prevents Cora\'s full confession from coming into the hands of the prosecutor. With the tactic having failed to generate any new evidence for the prosecution, Cora is ultimately acquitted. Frank and Cora eventually patch together their tumultuous relationship, and now plan for a future together. But as they seem to be prepared finally to live "happily ever after", Cora dies in a car accident.'] ['After a rooftop chase in which his latent acrophobia results in the death of a police officer, San Francisco detective John "Scottie" Ferguson retires, spending much of his time with his ex-fiancée Midge Wood. Scottie tries to gradually conquer his fear but Midge suggests another severe emotional shock may be the only cure. An acquaintance, Gavin Elster, asks Scottie to tail his wife, Madeleine, claiming she has been possessed; Scottie reluctantly agrees. The next day Scottie follows Madeleine to a florist where she secures a bouquet of flowers; next, she visits the grave of Carlotta Valdes; then she visits an art museum where she sits watching Portrait of Carlotta, a painting of a woman resembling her. Lastly, she enters the McKittrick Hotel, but when Scottie investigates, she is missing and the clerk insists she has not been there. Midge takes Scottie to a local history expert, who informs them Carlotta Valdes tragically committed suicide. Another visit with Gavin reveals Carlotta is Madeleine\'s great-grandmother, who Gavin fears is possessing Madeleine. Gavin also says Madeleine has no knowledge of Carlotta. Scottie tails Madeleine to Fort Point , where she suddenly leaps into San Francisco Bay. Scottie rescues Madeleine and takes her to his home. The meeting is tense and leads to a strange intimacy between them, but Madeleine quickly slips out when Scottie receives a phone call. The next day Scottie follows Madeleine to his own house, where she is hand-delivering a thank-you note to him for rescuing her, and they decide to spend the day together because Scottie fears Madeleine might attempt suicide again. The two travel to Muir Woods and then Cypress Point along 17-Mile Drive near Pebble Beach, where Madeleine, embarrassed from confessing that her dreams sound mad, runs to the ocean. Scottie chases after her and they embrace and kiss. Upon hearing the details of her nightmare, Scottie identifies the setting as Mission San Juan Bautista and takes Madeleine there, where they proclaim their love for each other. Madeleine suddenly runs into the church and up the bell tower. Scottie, halted on the steps by vertigo and paralyzing fear, watches as Madeleine plunges to her death. An inquest declares Madeleine\'s death a suicide, but Scottie feels ashamed that his weakness rendered him incapable of preventing someone\'s death. Gavin does not fault Scottie, but in the following weeks Scottie becomes depressed. While undergoing treatment in a sanatorium, he becomes mute, haunted by vivid nightmares. Although Midge visits, his condition remains unchanged. After release, Scottie haunts the places that Madeleine visited, often imagining that he sees her. One day, he spots a woman who reminds him of Madeleine, despite the woman\'s less elegant dress and heavier makeup. Scottie follows the woman to her hotel room, where she identifies herself as Judy Barton from Kansas. Though initially suspicious and defensive, Judy eventually agrees to join Scottie for dinner. After Scottie leaves, Judy has a flashback revealing that she was, in fact, the woman known as "Madeleine", but she is not Gavin\'s wife. Judy prepares to leave and writes a confession letter to Scottie explaining that she was an accomplice to the real Madeleine Elster\'s murder by Gavin, and how Gavin had taken advantage of Scottie\'s acrophobia. She rips up the letter and decides to continue the charade because of her love for Scottie. Scottie remains obsessed by his memory of "Madeleine" and their similarities. He transforms an initially unwilling Judy until she once more resembles Madeleine. Judy agrees to change on the chance that they may finally find happiness together. But Scottie realizes the truth when Judy wears a unique necklace that he remembered from the portrait of Carlotta Valdes. Instead of dinner, Scottie insists on taking Judy to the Mission San Juan Bautista. There, he reveals that he wants to re-enact the event that led to his madness, admitting that he now knows Madeleine and Judy are the same. Scottie forces her up the bell tower and angrily presses Judy to admit her deceit. Scottie reaches the top, conquering his acrophobia at last. Judy confesses that Gavin had hired her to pose as a possessed Madeleine; Gavin faked the suicide by tossing the body of his already-murdered wife from the bell tower. Judy pleads to Scottie to forgive her because she loves him. The two embrace when a nun, in shadow, emerges from the trapdoor; startled, Judy steps backward and falls to her death. Scottie stands on the narrow ledge while the nun rings the mission bell.'] ['As a truckload of war survivors stops in front of an Amsterdam factory at the end of World War II, Otto Frank gets out and walks inside. After climbing the stairs to a deserted garret, Otto finds a girl\'s discarded glove and sobs, then is joined and comforted by Miep Gies and Mr. Kraler, factory workers who shielded him from the Nazis. After stating that he is now all alone, Otto begins to search for the diary written by his youngest daughter; Anne Frank. Miep promptly retrieves the journal for Otto, and he receives solace reading the words written by his young daughter three years earlier: The date is July 1942, and Anne begins by chronicling the restrictions placed upon Jews that drove the Franks, into hiding over the spice factory. Sharing the Franks\' hiding place are the Van Daans and their teenage son Peter. Kraler, who works in the office below, and Miep, his assistant, have arranged the hideaway and warn the families that they must maintain strict silence during daylight hours when the workers are there. On the first day, the minutes drag by in silence. After work, Kraler delivers food and a box for Anne compiled by her father, which contains her beloved photos of movie stars and a blank diary. In the first pages of the diary, Anne describes the strangeness of never being able to go outside or breathe fresh air. It states that everybody is good at heart. As the months past, Anne\'s irrepressible energy reasserts itself and she constantly teases Peter, whose only attachment is to his cat, Moushie. Isolated from the world outside, Otto schools Anne and Margot as the sounds of sirens and bombers frequently fill the air. Mrs. van Daan passes the time by recounting fond memories of her youth and stroking her one remaining possession, the fur coat given to her by her father. The strain of confinement causes the Van Daans to argue and pits the strong-willed Anne against her mother. One day, Kraler brings a radio to the attic, providing the families with ears onto the world. Soon after, Kraler asks them to take in another person, a Jewish dentist named Albert Dussell. When Van Daan complains that the addition will diminish their food supply, Dussell recounts the dire conditions outside, in which Jews suddenly disappear and are shipped to concentration camps. When Dussell confirms the disappearance of many of their friends, the families\' hopes are dimmed. One night, Anne dreams of seeing one of her friends in a concentration camp and wakes up screaming. In October 1942, news comes of the Allied landing in Africa, but rather than producing relief, the bombing outside the factory intensifies, fraying the refugees\' already ragged nerves. On Hanukkah, Margot longingly recalls past celebrations and Anne produces little presents for everyone. When Van Daan abruptly announces that Peter must get rid of Moushie because he consumes too much food, Anne protests. Their argument is cut short when they hear a prowler breaks in the front door and the room falls silent. Peter then sends an object crashing to the floor while trying to catch Moushie, and the startled thief grabs a typewriter and flees. A watchman notices the break-in and summons two Gestapo officers, who search the premises, shining their flashlights onto the bookcase that conceals the attic entrance. The families wait in terror until Moushie knocks a plate from the table and meows, reassuring the officers that the noise was caused by a common cat. After the officers leave, Otto, hoping to foster faith and courage, leads everyone in a Hanukkah song. In January 1944, Anne, on the threshold of womanhood, begins to attract Peter\'s attention. When Miep brings the group a cake, Dussell and Van Daan bicker over the size of their portions and then Van Daan asks Miep to sell his wife\'s fur coat so that he can buy cigarettes. After Kraler warns that one of his employees asked for a raise and implied that something strange is going on in the attic, Dussell dourly comments that it is just a matter of time before they are discovered. Anne, distraught, blames the adults for the war which has destroyed all sense of hope and ideals. When she storms out of the room, Peter follows and comforts her. Later, Anne confides her dreams of becoming a writer and Peter voices frustration about his inability to join the war effort. In April 1944, amid talk of liberation, the Franks watch helplessly as more Jews are marched through the streets. Tensions mount, and when Van Daan tries to steal some bread from the others, Edith denounces him and orders him to leave. As Dussell and Van Daan quarrel over food, word comes over the radio of the Normandy invasion and Van Daan breaks into tears of shame. Heartened by the news, everyone apologizes for their harsh words, and Anne dreams of being back in school by the fall. By July 1944, the invasion has bogged down and Kraler is hospitalized with ulcers. Upon hearing that the Gestapo has found the stolen typewriter, Anne writes that her diary provides her a way to go on living after her death. After the Van Daans begin to quarrel once more, Peter declares that he cannot tolerate the situation and Anne soothes him by reminding him of the goodness of those that have come to their aid. Their conversation is interrupted by the sirens of an approaching Gestapo truck. As Anne and Peter bravely stand arm in arm certain of their impending arrest, they passionately kiss. As the German soldiers break down the bookcase entrance to the hideout, Otto declares they no longer have to live in fear, but can go forward in hope. Back in the present, Otto tells Miep and Kraler that on his long journey home after his release from the concentration camp he learned how Edith, Margot and the others perished, but always held out hope that perhaps Anne had somehow survived. Otto sadly reveals that only the previous day in Rotterdam he met a woman who had been in Bergen-Belsen with Anne and confirmed her death. Otto then glances at Anne\'s diary and reads, "In spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart," and is left in total shame.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/73083/The-Diary-of-Anne-Frank/full-synopsis.html'] ['In pre-revolutionary Cuba, James Wormold , a vacuum cleaner salesman, is recruited by Hawthorne  of the British Secret Intelligence Service to be their Havana operative. Instead of recruiting his own agents, Wormold invents agents from men he knows only by sight, and sketches "plans" for a rocket-launching pad based on vacuum parts to increase his value to the service and to procure more money for himself and his expensive daughter Milly. Because his importance grows, he is sent a secretary, Beatrice , and a radioman from London to be under his command. With their arrival it becomes much harder for Wormold to maintain his facade. However, when they do, all of his imagined information begins to come true. One of his "agents" is killed, and he is himself targeted for assassination. He admits what he\'s done to his secretary, and is recalled to London. At the film\'s conclusion, rather than telling the truth to the prime minister and other military intelligence services, Wormold\'s commanders  agree to fabricate a story claiming his imagined machines had been dismantled, bestow honors on Wormold, and offer him a position teaching espionage classes in London.'] ['The film opens in the Rocky Mountains on the Colorado ranch of Dr. Hunter S. Thompson, a journalist furiously trying to finish a story about his former attorney and friend, Carl Lazlo, Esq. Thompson then flashes back to a series of exploits involving the author and his attorney. In 1968, Lazlo is fighting to stop a group of San Francisco youngsters from receiving harsh prison sentences for possession of marijuana. He convinces Thompson to write an article about it for Blast Magazine. Thompson\'s editor, Marty Lewis, reminds Thompson that he has 19 hours to deadline. The judge hands out stiff sentences to everyone, and the last client is a young man who was caught with a pound of marijuana and receives a five-year sentence. Lazlo reacts by attacking the prosecuting attorney and is then jailed for contempt of court. The magazine story about the trial is a sensation, but Thompson does not hear from Lazlo until four years later, when Thompson is on assignment covering Super Bowl VI in Los Angeles.Super Bowl VI was actually played in New Orleans, Louisiana. Lazlo appears at Thompson\'s hotel and convinces him to abandon the Super Bowl story and join his band of freedom fighters, which involves smuggling weapons to an unnamed Latin American country. Thompson goes along with Lazlo and the revolutionaries to a remote airstrip where a small airplane is to be loaded with weapons, but when a police helicopter finds them, Lazlo and his henchmen escape on the plane while Thompson refuses to follow. Thompson\'s fame and fortune continues. He is a hit on the college lecture circuit and covers the 1972 presidential election campaign. After being thrown off the journalist plane by The Candidate\'s press secretary, Thompson takes the crew plane and gives straight-laced journalist Harris from the Post a strong hallucinogenic drug and steals his clothes and press credentials. At the next campaign stop, in the airport bathroom, Thompson is able to use his disguise to engage The Candidate in a conversation about the "Screwheads" and the "Doomed". The Candidate tells Thompson "fuck the doomed". Thompson, still posing as Harris, returns to the journalist plane. Lazlo then appears, striding across the airport tarmac in a white suit. He boards the plane and tries to convince his old friend to join his socialist paradise somewhere in the desert. After causing a disturbance, Thompson and Lazlo are thrown off the plane and Lazlo\'s papers that describe the community are blown across the airport runway. Lazlo, presumably, is not heard from again. The action then returns to Thompson\'s cabin, just as the writer puts the finishing touches on his story, explaining that he didn\'t go along with Lazlo because "it never got weird enough for me."'] ['In Saigon in 1952, as Vietnamese insurgents are delivering major strikes against the French colonial rulers, an innocent and enigmatic young American economist , who is working for an international aid organization, gets caught between the Communists and the colonialists as he tries to win the "hearts and minds" of the Vietnamese people. By promising marriage, he steals away a young Vietnamese woman  from an embittered and cynical English newspaperman , who retaliates by spreading the word that the American is actually covertly selling arms to the anti-Communists.'] ["As a passenger ship sails by a bleak, deserted island, Dr. Kersaint  blows his former home a kiss. When a fellow passenger asks him about the place, he tells its tragic story, segueing into a flashback. During the colonial era in the South Pacific, the natives of the island of Manukura are a contented lot. Terangi , the first mate on an island-hopping schooner, marries Marama , the daughter of the chief . She has a premonition and begs him not to leave, or at least take her with him on the ship's next voyage, but he makes her stay behind. Upon reaching Tahiti, the crew goes to a bar to celebrate. When a racist white man orders them to leave, Terangi strikes him and breaks his jaw. Unfortunately, the man has strong political connections, and the governor is forced to sentence him to six months in jail, over the objections of Terangi's captain, Nagle . Back on Manukura, Dr. Kersaint begs recently appointed local French Governor Eugene De Laage  to have Terangi brought home to serve his sentence under parole, but De Laage refuses to compromise his stern interpretation of the law, despite the pleas of Captain Nagle, Father Paul , and even his own wife . Unable to bear being confined, Terangi repeatedly tries to escape, lengthening his sentence by another 16 years, much to the delight of a particularly harsh jailer . Finally, after eight years, Terangi succeeds in getting out, but at a terrible price: he unintentionally kills a guard. He steals a canoe and returns to Manukura after an arduous journey. At the end, he is rescued from his overturned canoe by Father Paul, who promises to remain silent. He is reunited with Marama and a daughter  he has never seen before. Chief Mehevi recommends the family hide on a tabu island, where no one will look for them. However, De Laage discovers their preparations and commandeers the schooner to hunt them down. Terangi turns back to warn his people after he sees birds fleeing the island, an unprecedented, ominous event that Marama had dreamed about many years before. A once-in-a-lifetime hurricane strikes the island. A few, among them Dr. Kersaint and his pregnant patient, weather the disaster in a canoe, while Terangi ties his family and Madame De Laage to a stout tree. The rest drown, and the island is stripped bare. The tree floats away. Terangi later finds a war canoe in the water, which he uses to get his party to a small island. When they spot the schooner, Terangi signals it with smoke before fleeing in the canoe with his family. Governor De Laage embraces his wife, but then spots something far away through his binoculars. Madame De Laage insists it must be a floating log; suspecting Tarangi saved his wife, after a pause, he agrees with her."] ['Bill Forrester , a Canadian pilot serving in the Royal Air Force in Burma, flies a de Havilland Mosquito, a two-seat fighter bomber. Forrester is emotionally distraught after losing his new wife in the ‘’Blitz’’ in London and has become self destructive, seeking to end his life in action. "You\'d think that would be easy in a war", he explains to a Burmese woman, Anna, "but I just kept getting medals instead." With Anna\'s support, Bill begins to recover his emotional stability. Forrester and his navigator, Carrington , on a routine non-combat flight to Myitkyina, with Flight Lieutenant Blore  as passenger in the Mosquito\'s bomb bay, is forced to go down in a remote desert area of Burma\'s central plain. When the three men struggle to survive in the hostile environment, the self destructive Bill finally realises that he can depend on support from others and that he may have someone to live for. Blore, however, abandons them and commits suicide.'] ['In 2007, John Tyree , a Staff Sergeant in the United States Army Special Forces is lying on the ground in combat gear with multiple gunshot wounds to his body. Coins begin to fall over him as, in a voiceover, he recalls a childhood trip to the U.S. Mint. He compares himself to a coin in the United States Military, and states that the last thing he thought about before he blacked out was "you". In 2001, in Wilmington, North Carolina, John is on vacation. He meets Savannah , a college student on spring break, when he rescues her purse from the water. Over the course of two weeks, Savannah and John fall in love. John meets Savannah\'s family, her neighbor, Tim Wheddon , and Tim\'s son Alan  who has autism. Savannah meets John\'s father , a reclusive man who seems to be obsessed with his coin collection (specifically [[Mule , but his genuine interest draws her, to John\'s surprise. Savannah mentions to John that his father, like Alan, may have  high functioning autism. This upsets John, who storms off, and then gets into a fight with Savannah\'s friend Randy  and, in the process, accidentally punches Tim. John apologizes to Tim, leaves Savannah a note, and then they spend one last day together, parting with, "I\'ll see you soon, then," rather than goodbye. John and Savannah continue their relationship through letters, expecting to build a life together when he leaves the army. But the recent September 11 attacks make him reconsider the army, and he ultimately chooses to re-enlist. Over the next two years, the romance goes on, through their letters. After a time, John finds himself anxiously awaiting the next letter, but when it arrives it is a Dear John letter, informing him that she has become engaged to someone else, John burns all of Savannah\'s letters. Despite being wounded and encouraged to return home, John re-enlists. After four more years and many missions, while waiting to receive orders on his unit\'s next deployment, John is informed that his father had a stroke. When John arrives at the hospital he learns that his father is still alive but in grave condition. John writes a letter to his father, which he reads to him at the hospital; John\'s voiceover at the beginning of the film was from this letter, in which he told his father that the first thing to cross his mind after he was shot was coins, and the last thing to cross his mind before he lost consciousness was his dad, ultimately the most important person in his life. Soon afterwards, his father dies. John goes to visit Savannah and is shocked to find that she has married Tim and is living with him. He learns that she had to abandon her dream of a riding camp for kids with autism because of Tim\'s fight against lymphoma, and John goes with her to visit him in the hospital. Tim tells John that Savannah still loves him and she has never forgotten him. That night, Savannah asks John to stay for dinner. At the table, John asks Savannah why she did not even call him and she says it was because just hearing his voice would make her change her mind. As John goes towards the door, Savannah says "I\'ll see you soon then". She asks him to reply the same  but there is silence. He replies "Goodbye, Savannah" and leaves. John makes a decision to sell all of his father\'s coin collection except the mule that John found, to raise money which could help Tim in his treatment. Back in the army, it shows John using the mule as a charm. It then shows John receiving a letter from Savannah telling him that Tim died after two months and ending with "I\'ll see you soon, then." The film then skips forward to show John as a civilian, having left the army carrying his bike. He sees Savannah in a coffee shop, and they make eye-contact. The last scene ends with both of them hugging.'] ['The film chronicles the fictional life of a woman named Pippa who has a neurotic amphetamine-addicted mother with an obsessive fixation on Pippa\'s looks. In her teen years, Pippa has a confrontation with her mother by taking drugs and the result is that Pippa leaves home and moves in with her lesbian aunt. After participating in erotic photo sessions, Pippa is banished from that apartment too and goes on to live a bohemian life of drugs and working as an exotic dancer. On a weekend jaunt with like-minded friends, she meets a charismatic publisher named Herb Lee who is 30 years older than she is and a romance develops between the young woman and the older man. The couple marry, have two children and later move into a retirement home in Connecticut. Through her marriage, Pippa has become the "perfect wife": loving, supportive, everything to everyone and no one to herself. The couple grow apart; Herb has an affair with one of Pippa\'s friends and middle-aged Pippa has encounters with a younger man named Chris. After Herb dies from a heart attack, Pippa finally breaks with her life of subservience and refuses to set up the burial, leaving the details to her children. The film ends with Pippa driving off with Chris.'] ["Drifter Harry Madox takes a job as a used car salesman in a small Texas town. In the summer heat, he develops an interest in two women, one who works at the car dealership and another who is married to its owner. Gloria Harper is a young, 19 year old girl with a secret. It somehow involves a sleazy local man named Frank Sutton who appears to have some hold on her. Dolly Harshaw is a seductive, anything-goes femme fatale married to George Harshaw, the car dealer. She keeps a gun handy and likes to have sex in unusual, dangerous ways. Harry carries on with both while looking for an opportunity to rob the local bank. It ultimately is revealed that Sutton has nude photographs of Gloria, taken from a distance at a remote lakeside setting. Harry lies in wait for Sutton one night and viciously beats him. Dolly begins to see Harry as her ticket to better things. When she coaxes her husband into bed, it is only to bring George's weak heart to a fatal end. A sheriff arrests Harry, suspecting him in the bank job, but cannot prove it. Harry decides to leave town with Gloria by his side, but Dolly puts an end to that by revealing to Gloria everything else Harry has been doing in town, including her."] ["The Unbearable Lightness of Being introduces Czech brain surgeon Tomas , a lothario who is a successful medical doctor in Communist Czechoslovakia. His lover, Sabina , is an equally care-free artist. One day, Dr Tomas leaves Prague to operate on a man in a spa town. There, he meets the waitress Tereza , who dreams of escaping her small town life. She follows him to Prague and cohabits with him, complicating Tomas's extra-domestic sexual affairs. Tomas asks Sabina to help Tereza find work as a photographer. Tereza is fascinated and jealous as she grasps that Sabina and Tomas are lovers. Her distress about his polyamory is interrupted by the Soviet Army tanks invading Czechoslovakia. Amidst the confusion, Tereza photographs the Soviet invasion, then hands the rolls of film to foreigners to smuggle to the West. Facing the stultifying reality that replaced the Prague Spring, Tomas, Sabina, and Tereza flee Czechoslovakia for Switzerland; first Sabina, then the hesitant Tomas and Tereza. In Geneva, Sabina meets Franz , a married university professor; they begin a love affair. After some time, he decides to abandon his wife and family for her. After hearing the declaration, Sabina abandons Franz, feeling he would emotionally weigh her down. Meanwhile, Tereza and Tomas attempt to adapt to Switzerland, whose people Tereza finds inhospitable. When she discovers that Tomas continues womanizing, she leaves him and Switzerland, and returns to Czechoslovakia. Upset by her leaving, Tomas follows Tereza to Czechoslovakia, where his passport is confiscated, locking him in-country; nevertheless, his return elates Tereza. They are re-united. In Prague, Tomas tries recovering his old brain surgeon hospital job, but the Soviet-backed régime consider him politically incorrect and prevent his re-employment. Before the invasion, Tomas wrote an article comparing the Soviets to Oedipus Rex; noting that Oedipus plucked out his eyes upon understanding his crime, but that the autocracy could see everything but its crimes. The régime demands his signature to a letter repudiating the article. Tomas refuses, and is black-listed from practicing medicine; he works as a window washer, and continues womanizing. Working as a waitress, Tereza meets an engineer who propositions her. Aware of Tomas's infidelity, she enters a one-time and unpleasant sexual liaison with the engineer. Remorseful, she fears the engineer might have been a secret agent for the régime, who might blackmail her and Tomas. She contemplates suicide, which Tomas thwarts. Stressed by insubstantial city life, Tereza convinces Tomas to leave Prague for the country; they go to a village where an old patient of Tomas' welcomes them. In the village, they live a farm idyll, far from the political intrigues of Prague. In contrast, Sabina has gone to the US, where she continues in the detached bohemian style of life. Later, Sabina is shocked by the letter telling of the deaths of Tereza and Tomas in a road accident while returning after celebrating in another town. Their lightness no longer unbearable, Tereza and Tomas were deeply happy as they drove toward death."] ["The film, which contains both fictional and historical characters, begins in medias res as Chief Inspector Walter Uhl  moves to arrest Eisenheim  during what appears to be necromancy passed off as a magic show. He then begins to recount the story of Eisenheim for Crown Prince Leopold . Eisenheim was born the son of a cabinetmaker in Vienna, Austria-Hungary. One day as a teenager, Eisenheim  meets a traveling magician who performs several tricks for him. Eisenheim becomes obsessed with magic tricks after this. He also falls in love with Sophie, the Duchess von Teschen , a noblewoman well above his social class. Although the two are forbidden to see each other, they meet secretly until at last they are caught and forcefully separated. Eisenheim then leaves home and travels the world, perfecting his craft. He returns to Vienna years later as a master illusionist. He again meets Sophie at one of his performances, when she is volunteered by Crown Prince Leopold as a reluctant participant in an illusion. He soon learns that Sophie is expected to marry the Crown Prince, who purportedly has a history of abuse towards women. After humiliating the Crown Prince during a private show, Eisenheim finds his hit performance shut out of Vienna. When Sophie comes to offer him help, the two consummate their relationship and realize that they are still in love. They plan to flee the Empire together but first must stop Leopold, who Sophie reveals is planning a coup d'etat to usurp the Crown of Austria from his aging father, the Emperor Franz Joseph I, while using his engagement to her to win the Hungarian half of the Empire as well. She also knows that the Crown Prince will view her as disposable if she leaves him for another man and that he will have both her and Eisenheim followed and killed. Leopold finds out from Uhl, who was following the couple, that Sophie has met with Eisenheim. While drunk, Leopold confronts Sophie and accuses her of being unfaithful. She tells him that she will not marry him or have anything to do with his plan. She flees but is soon found dead in a river with a sword cut across her neck. Unfortunately, Leopold's royal status makes any accusations against him unthinkable. As Eisenheim plunges into despair and the citizens of Vienna begin to suspect Leopold of Sophie's murder, Uhl observes Eisenheim's actions more closely on behalf of Leopold. Wracked with grief, Eisenheim prepares a new kind of magic show, using mysterious equipment and Chinese stagehands. During his show, Eisenheim apparently summons spirits, leading many to believe that he possesses supernatural powers. Leopold decides to attend one of Eisenheim's shows in disguise. During this show, Eisenheim summons the spirit of Sophie, who says someone in the theater murdered her, panicking Leopold. Uhl pleads with Eisenheim to stop such performances but Eisenheim refuses. Leopold then orders Eisenheim's arrest. Returning to the opening scene of the movie, Uhl tries to arrest Eisenheim during the performance only for his body to fade and disappear like his summoned spirits. Uhl soon reveals to Leopold that he has found evidence linking the Crown Prince to Sophie's murder: a jewel from the prince's sword and a locket, that Eisenheim had given Sophie when they were children. After ordering then begging Uhl to keep silent, Leopold discovers that Uhl has already informed the Emperor and the General Staff of Leopold's conspiracy to usurp the Austro-Hungarian throne. As the Army arrives at his Palace to arrest him, Leopold shoots himself in despair. As Uhl leaves the Imperial Palace, a boy runs up to hand him a folio explaining one of Eisenheim's magic tricks. Uhl demands to know where the child obtained the folio; the child reveals that Eisenheim had given it to him. Uhl then reaches down into his pocket only to discover that he has been pick-pocketed by a disguised Eisenheim while distracted by the boy and gives chase, following him to the train station. As the train leaves, a montage shows Uhl putting the pieces together in his mind and discovering how Eisenheim faked Sophie's death and framed Leopold for the murder. Eisenheim is then seen walking up to a house in the country, where Sophie is waiting for him."] ['Expecting only the basic pressures of attending Harvard Law School, a serious, hard-working student named James Hart , a recent graduate of the University of Minnesota, finds himself the fearful adversary of the school\'s most imperious, sardonic contracts professor, Charles W. Kingsfield Jr. . Their relationship grows even more complex when the young man discovers that the woman he is dating, Susan Fields , is his professor\'s daughter. Graham Beckel, Edward Herrmann, and James Naughton co-star as other law students. The film is an extremely faithful adaptation of the novel, but it adds two revelations not in the book: Hart\'s first name and middle initial , and the final grade that Hart got in Contract Law. In both the novel and the film, Hart makes a paper airplane out of his final report card, and sends it sailing into the Atlantic Ocean without looking at it. Kingsfield\'s words of advice to his class: "You teach yourselves the law, but I train your minds. You come in here with a skull full of mush; you leave thinking like a lawyer."'] ['Jonathan Foer,  a young American Jew, goes on a quest to find the woman, Augustina, who saved his grandfather during the Holocaust in a small Ukrainian town called Trachimbrod that was wiped off the map when the Nazis liquidated Eastern European shtetls. His guides are a cranky, anti-semitic grandfather ; his deranged Border collie named Sammy Davis Jr. Jr.; and his over-enthusiastic grandson, Alex , whose fractured command of English, passion for American pop culture, and constant chatter threaten to make the worst of every situation. But what starts out as the tour from hell turns into a meaningful journey, with an unexpected series of revelations that will change all of their lives.Overview and Movie Review New York Times.'] [" Mrs. Bennet  and her two eldest daughters, Jane  and Elizabeth , are shopping for new dresses when they see two gentlemen and a lady alight from a very expensive carriage outside. They learn that the men are Mr. Bingley , who has just rented the local estate of Netherfield, and Mr. Darcy , both wealthy, eligible bachelors, which excites Mrs. Bennet. After leaving to collect her other daughters, the Bennets return home, where Mrs. Bennet tries to make Mr. Bennet see Mr. Bingley, but he refuses, having already made his acquaintance. At the next ball, Elizabeth sees how proud Mr. Darcy is when she overhears him refusing to dance with her, and also meets Mr. Wickham, who tells Elizabeth how Mr. Darcy did him a terrible wrong. When Mr. Darcy does ask her to dance with him, she refuses, but when Mr. Wickham asks her right in front of Darcy, she accepts. The Bennets' cousin, Mr. Collins , who will inherit the Bennet estate upon the death or Mr. Bennet, arrives, looking for a wife, and decides that Elizabeth will be suitable. At ball held at Netherfield, he keeps following her around and won't leave her alone. Mr. Darcy surprisingly helps her out, and later asks her to dance. After seeing the reckless behaviour of her mother and younger sisters however, he leaves her again, making Elizabeth very angry with him once more. The next day, Mr. Collins asks her to marry him, but she refuses point blank. He then goes and becomes engaged to her best friend, Charlotte Lucas . Elizabeth visits Charlotte in her new home. There, she is introduced to Lady Catherine de Bourgh , and also encounters Mr. Darcy again. Later, he asks her to marry him, but she refuses, partly due to the story Wickham had told her about Darcy depriving him of his rightful fortune, and also because she has just learned that he broke up the romance between Mr. Bingley and Jane. They get into a heated argument and he leaves. When Elizabeth returns to Longborn, she learns that Lydia has eloped with Wickham. Mr. Darcy visits her and tells her that Wickham will never marry Lydia. He reveals that Wickham had tried to elope with his then 15-year-old sister, Georgiana. After he leaves, Elizabeth realizes that she loves him, but believes he will never see her again because of Lydia's disgraceful act. Lydia and Wickham return married to the house. Later, Lady Catherine visits and reveals that Mr. Darcy found Lydia and forced Wickham to marry her. Darcy reappears, and he and Elizabeth proclaim their love for each other. The movie ends with a long kiss between Elizabeth and Darcy, with Mrs. Bennet spying on them and seeing how her other daughters have found good suitors."] ['William Adamson , a poor naturalist, returns home to Victorian England after having spent years along the Amazon River studying all kinds of animals, mainly insects. William is penniless, having lost all his possessions during a shipwreck. Nevertheless he manages to befriend Sir Harald Alabaster , an amateur insect collector and botanist. Sir Harald hires William to catalog his specimen collection and teach his younger children the natural sciences, assisting their governess, Matty . He becomes enamored of Sir Harald\'s daughter, Eugenia , who is still mourning the suicide of her fiance. William and Eugenia quickly fall in love and lust and decide to marry. Their ceremony is shown as concluding in the marriage bed with the happy couple having enthusiastic sex. Sir Harald and his wife Lady Alabaster eagerly grant their approval of this match, but Eugenia\'s older brother Edgar  takes an intense dislike to William, never passing up the opportunity to pick fights with him or to remind him of his humble working class background: "You\'re not one of us." After the marriage, Eugenia produces five children in quick succession. She insists on naming the first boy "Edgar", after her brother. William never warms to the children, instead spending his time studying a colony of red ants with Matty and various children of the house. He writes a book about their observations, which is quickly accepted by a publisher. One day, during a hunting excursion, William is summoned back to the house by a servant boy who claims that Eugenia wishes to speak to him. He walks into the bedroom, surprising Eugenia and Edgar while they are engaging in incestuous sex. Eugenia then confesses that she and Edgar had been having sex with each other for years and that her fiance committed suicide after discovering this. Eugenia also tells William that even though she knew it was wrong for her to have sex with her brother, it did not quench her desire to do it. William then tells Eugenia that he is leaving her and the children, which he is now convinced were fathered by Edgar in any case. However, he does promise not to tell Sir Harald the real reason behind his departure reasoning that the truth would injure the old man\'s health. William, after being provoked by Matty, opens up to her as he has become quite close to her during the years. Although she denies having sent the servant after William, she does admit that she knew of the incestuous relationship that Eugenia had with Edgar and that the other servants knew as well. William then tells Matty of his desire to go back to the Amazon and not return. Matty reveals that she has booked two tickets on a boat departing shortly to the Amazon. William is initially reluctant for them both to go; despite his attraction to Matty, he does not feel that the rain forest is a suitable place for a woman. After she promises to help him in his work, and reveals that she loves him, William acquiesces to her plan. The movie ends with William and Matty departing in a coach looking out the window into the empirical world.'] ["Caroline Bender  is an ambitious young secretary in a publishing firm who, when jilted, finds consolation in the arms of editor Mike Rice . Gregg Adams  is a typist and an aspiring actress romantically involved with stage director David Savage . When the director dumps her, she is devastated, falls from a fire escape and dies. April Morrison  winds up pregnant, and jumps from a car when her unborn infant's father Dexter Key  urges an abortion. All three women are under the supervision of editor Amanda Farrow , an exacting professional and a frustrated woman who marries, leaves the firm, and returns when she finds the simple life of home and marriage not to her liking."] ["Idealist John Wickliff Shawnessy , a resident of Raintree County, Indiana, is distracted from his high school sweetheart Nell Gaither  by a young rich New Orleans girl, Susanna Drake . He has a brief and passionate affair with Susanna while she is visiting in Raintree County. She returns to the South, but suddenly reappears to reveal that she is pregnant. John quickly marries her out of honor and duty, and Nell is heartbroken. John and Susanna initially live in the South with Susanna's family. John is an abolitionist and does not fit well into southern society. He learns that Susanna's mother went insane and died in a suspicious fire, along with Susanna's father and a female slave who was intimated to be his lover. Susanna suspects that the slave may even have been her biological mother. It becomes apparent that Susanna has inherited her family's curse of mental illness. She reveals to John that she feigned pregnancy to trick him into marriage. John and Susanna return to Freehaven in Raintree County, Indiana, before the outbreak of the Civil War, where John works as a teacher. They eventually have a child, Jimmy, born at the outbreak of the American Civil War. Into the third year of the Civil War, Susanna develops severe paranoia and delusions. She flees Indiana, taking their young son, Jimmy, with her and seeks refuge among her family in the South. John becomes determined to find her and his son, Jimmy, and enlists in the Union Army, in hopes that he will cross paths with Susanna and Jimmy. He fights in Tennessee and Georgia, and he eventually finds Jimmy and learns that Susanna has been placed in an insane asylum. He is wounded while carrying Jimmy back to Northern lines and then is discharged from the Union Army. John searches for Susanna, finds her in dreadful circumstances in a lunatic asylum and returns with her to Raintree County. News reaches Raintree County that the South has surrendered, and shortly thereafter that Abraham Lincoln has been assassinated. John contemplates his future, and Nell urges him to run for political office. Susanna recognizes that John and Nell still love each other deeply, and she decides to sacrifice herself to make way for John to pursue his career and consummate his love with Nell. She runs into the nearby swamp in the middle of the night to drown herself. Her four-year old son follows her. The search party eventually finds her body, and John and Nell find Jimmy lying asleep at the foot of the legendary Rain Tree of Raintree County."] ["At his son's wedding party, Edward Bloom  tells the same tale he's told many times over the years: on the day Will  was born, he was out catching an enormous uncatchable fish, using his wedding ring as bait. Will is annoyed, explaining to his wife Joséphine  that because his father never told the straight truth about anything, he felt unable to trust him. He is troubled to think that he might have a similarly difficult relationship with his future children. Will's relationship with his father becomes so strained that they do not talk for three years. But when his father's health starts to fail, Will and the now pregnant Joséphine return to Alabama. On the plane, Will recalls his father's tale of how he braved a swamp as a child, and met a witch  who showed him his death in her glass eye. With this knowledge, Edward knew there were no odds he could not face. Edward continues telling tall tales, claiming he spent three years confined to a bed as a child because his body was growing too fast. He became a successful sports player, but found the town of Ashton too small for his ambition, and set off with the misunderstood giant Karl . Edward discovers the hidden town of Spectre, where everyone is friendly to the point of comfortably walking around barefoot. Edward leaves because he does not want to settle anywhere yet, but promises to a young girl named Jenny  that he will return. Karl and Edward begin working at a circus; Edward works without pay, as he has been promised by the ringmaster Amos Calloway  that each month he will learn something new about a girl he fell in love with . Three years later, having only learned trivia about her, Edward discovers Amos is a werewolf. In return for his refusal to harm him in his monstrous state, Amos tells Edward the girl's name is Sandra Templeton  and she studies at Auburn University. Edward learns Sandra is engaged to Don Price , whom Edward always overshadowed during his days in Ashton. Sandra makes Edward promise not to fight Don. Don beats Edward up when he learns about his feelings for her, but this only disgusts Sandra into ending their engagement and falling for Edward. Edward later reveals that Don died from a heart attack on the toilet bowl at an early age . During his recovery, Edward is conscripted by the army and sent to the Korean War. He parachutes into the middle of a show entertaining North Korean troops, steals important documents, and convinces Siamese twin dancers Ping and Jing to help him get back to the United States, where he will make them stars. He is unable to contact anyone on his journey home, and the military declares him dead. This limits Edward's job options when he does return home, so he becomes a traveling salesman. Meeting the poet Norther Winslow from Spectre again, he unwittingly helps him rob a bank, which is already bankrupt. Edward suggests Winslow work at Wall Street, and Winslow thanks Edward for his advice by sending him $10,000, which he uses to buy a dream house. Still unimpressed by his father's stories, Will demands to know the truth, but Edward explains that is who he is: a storyteller. Will finds Spectre, and meets an older Jenny , who explains that Edward rescued the town from bankruptcy by buying it at an auction and rebuilding it with financial help from many of his previous acquaintances. Will suggests his father had been having an affair with Jenny, to which she replies that while she had indeed fallen in love with him, Edward could never love any woman other than Sandra. When Will returns home, he is informed his father had a stroke and is at the hospital. He goes to visit him there and finds him only partly conscious, and unable to speak at length. Since Edward can no longer tell stories, he asks Will to tell him the story of how it all ends: escaping from the hospital, they go to the river where everyone in Edward's life appears to bid him goodbye. Will carries his father into the river where he becomes what he always had been: a very big fish. Edward then dies, knowing his son finally understands his love of storytelling. At the funeral, Will sees many of his father's more unusual friends, including Amos, Karl, Ping and Jing, and Norther Winslow. Will realizes that his father's stories were true, only exaggerated, making Karl a giant  and making Ping and Jing conjoined when they are merely twins. When his own son is born, Will passes on his father's stories, remarking that his father became his stories, allowing him to live forever."] ["Miss Lucy Honeychurch from an English hamlet in Surrey is on holiday in Italy with her much older cousin and chaperone, Charlotte Bartlett. Charlotte is conventionally English, with an extremely restrictive personality and tends to get her way by expressing her emotions to manipulate others. Lucy has been brought up in an upper class but loving and easygoing household, and had fewer inhibitions, which creates a strong tension between Charlotte and herself. They are in contrast with the more free-thinking and free-spirited backdrop of Italy. At a small pensione Lucy meets such people as Reverend Beebe, the two Miss Alans, and the author Miss Eleanor Lavish, as well as the aging Mr. Emerson and his handsome, philosophical son, George, who becomes friends with Charlotte. These men, although also English, represent the forward-thinking ideals of the turn-of-the-century, seeking to leave behind the repression and caution that was the norm in Victorian times. At first, the two Emerson men seem strange and unfamiliar to Lucy and Charlotte. The men seem unaware of finer upper class Victorian manners, and offer Lucy and Charlotte a room with a view where the gentlemen have already slept, and Charlotte fusses until she must give in or appear overbearingly rude. As Lucy begins her journey to maturity, she finds herself drawn to George due to his mysterious thinking and readily expressed emotions. A number of people residing at the pensione take a carriage ride in the country. A mischievous Italian driver gets back at Charlotte by misdirecting an unchaperoned Lucy to George in a barley field as he admires the view. George suddenly embraces and passionately kisses Lucy as she approaches him. Charlotte has followed Lucy, witnesses the act, and quickly stops the intimacy. George's unreserved passion shocks Lucy, but also lights a secret desire and romance in her heart. Charlotte suggests George kissing her was the act of a rake. Charlotte makes reference to a heartbreak from her youth that occurred the same way and has behaved accordingly with disgust and anger toward George. Charlotte uses guilt to coerce Lucy to secrecy to save both their reputations as a young lady and a chaperone, but it is mostly for her own benefit. Normally, if a young man kissed a young lady, an engagement should be announced to preserve her reputation, but Charlotte considers George to be an undesirable influence. Upon returning to England, Lucy tells her mother nothing due to Charlotte's influence, and pretends to forget the incident. She accepts a marriage proposal from an uptight, but respectable and wealthy man named Cecil Vyse . However, she soon learns that both George and his father have moved to her small village and will be her neighbors due to a letter from Cecil Vyse inviting them to reside in an empty cottage. The appearance of George soon disrupts Lucy's plans and causes her suppressed feelings to resurface, complicated by the supposed need for secrecy. Lucy consistently refuses George's attempts to woo her because of Charlotte's admonitions. A confused Lucy breaks her engagement to Cecil due to George's influence, and plans to travel with the two Miss Alans, this time to escape the nearness of George. George has also decided that he must move for peace of mind and makes arrangements. Lucy stops by Reverend Beebe's and is confronted by George's father before they are to leave town. Lucy runs down the road and catches up with her mother's carriage and reveals the truth about her feelings. At the end, we see George and Lucy honeymooning in the Italian pensione where they met, in the room with the view."] ['{{plot}} The movie opens in 1983 at an elegant LA party at a mansion. Bruce wanders away from the party and is killed by a speeding car. After the funeral, his friends Graham, Martin and Tim sit drinking on a fancy hotel patio. Only Raymond is truly devastated and cries bitterly. The friends dismiss Raymond\'s tears. When Raymond leaves, Graham follows him. Graham Sloan  is the son of a rich, estranged couple. His father William  is a movie producer with a pill-addled wife . His father is having an affair with a local TV anchorwoman, Cheryl Moore . His wife, meanwhile, is having sex with her son\'s friend Martin . Graham drives a Porsche, stays in glamorous hotel rooms and is a drug dealer. He is aware that his girlfriend Christie  is cheating on him with a number of men, including his best friend Martin, a bisexual rock video producer. Since Graham and Martin are also sleeping together, Graham appears to be trying to accept the "open door" relationship. A new wave rock singer named Bryan Metro  flies into LA. He stumbles through his fancy hotel room and has sex with young groupies. Getting out of the bath, he slips on the wet floor and slashes open his hand. He answers the phone, and he is berated by his manager for sleeping with underage groupies, and he mumbles that he needs a doctor. Later, he is taken to meet a movie producer who hopes to make a profitable B-movie starring the singer. The singer appears to be barely coherent, and his attention is only caught when he sees a young girl wearing braces watching TV in an adjoining room. Bryan staggers towards her and takes her into a bedroom. Later, he stumbles into a hotel room and finds a groupie in his bed. Slurring his words, he asks her to come closer, and he kisses her, and then punches her in the face. Jack , a hotel doorman in Christie\'s place, has come to seek his fortune in LA as an actor. He is making a humble living working as a doorman and lives in a small, run-down house. He is alarmed when he gets a phone call from his grizzled uncle Peter , a drifter ex-con who claims he needs a place to stay. Jack angrily refuses the request, because he wants to leave the immoral, criminal side of his family background behind him. However, when Jack returns home, his uncle is waiting for him in a beaten-up van. To Jack\'s horror, his uncle is involved in a gangland kidnapping-for-hire plot, and the uncle has brought a kidnapped child to Jack\'s house. When a cleanly-dressed, yet menacing gangster calls on Jack when the uncle is out, and asks to collect the "package", Jack feigns ignorance. When the uncle returns he tells Jack that the boy has to be killed, on the grounds that it will be more humane than what the gangsters will do to him, Jack offers to kill the boy. Instead of slitting the boy\'s throat, Jack pretends to kill the boy but actually releases him. Jack hides his failure to kill the boy by cutting open his hand and smearing blood on his hands and face, and he joins his uncle in the van and flees the scene. Tim Price  is pressured to go with his father  on a trip to Hawaii, ostensibly for the two to share father-son bonding time. They go to a bar, where Les starts a chat with two young women, who may be willing to have sex with them. However, Tim is not interested, and he is disgusted by his father\'s drunken, leering passes at the women. Tim does later find a girl he likes at the beach, but when the three of them have dinner together, Les begins to make passes at her and then both the father and the young woman make fun of Tim by suggesting that gay men were making passes at him at the beach. Tim leaves the dinner and goes out to be alone. When his father finds him, Tim refuses to talk, saying he has nothing to say. Graham confronts Martin about Christie, and asks Martin if he has been sleeping with her, apart from group sex. Martin denies betraying Graham and is shocked to realize that his friend has developed feelings for her; in their social scene, most interactions are fleeting couplings based on desire, not relationships based on caring. Graham then tells Martin that he feels adrift in his life, as if he does not have anyone who can tell him what is right or wrong. His whole life has become a series of casual encounters and light banter, which is covered over by a pharmaceutical haze. Graham seems to be making the first steps to moving away from his alienated, narcissistic lifestyle. When one of Martin\'s lovers calls Graham to tell him that Christie has become ill, and is lying out on the sand, he drives over to the house to see her. Even though he sees that she has developed lesions all over her dying body, he seems unable to take care of her and take her to a hospital. Instead, he kisses her once, and leaves her lying on a towel on the beach, alone on an empty stretch of sand.'] ["In 1961 London, Jenny Mellor is a 16-year-old schoolgirl on track to enter Oxford University when she meets a charming Jewish conman, David Goldman, who pursues her romantically. He takes her to concerts, clubs, and fine restaurants, and easily charms her parents into approving of the relationship. Jenny recognizes that David is a con man who makes money through a variety of shady practices. She is initially shocked but silences her misgivings in the face of David's persuasive charm. Soon, David takes Jenny to Paris as a birthday gift. Jenny's parents invite Graham, a boy Jenny knows from Youth Orchestra, to Jenny's birthday party, but David arrives and Graham goes home. When David proposes marriage, Jenny accepts and leaves school. She then discovers David is already married. When she reveals her discovery to David, he drops out of sight. Jenny despairs, feeling she has thrown her life away, but with the help of her favorite teacher, resumes her studies and is accepted at Oxford the following year."] ["Told in flashback, it is the story of Katie Morosky and Hubbell Gardiner, who meet at college in the 1930s. Their differences are immense: she is a stridently vocal Marxist Jew with strong anti-war opinions, and he is a carefree WASP with no particular political bent. She is drawn to him because of his boyish good looks and his natural writing skill, which she finds captivating, although he doesn't work very hard at it. He is intrigued by her conviction and her determination to persuade others to take up social causes. They meet, romantically, for the first time on the night that the Duke of Windsor marries Mrs. Simpson. The two meet again at the end of World War II. Katie is working at a radio station, and Hubbell, having served as a naval officer in the South Pacific, is trying to return to civilian life. They fall in love and marry despite the differences in their background and temperament. Soon, however, Katie is incensed by the cynical jokes Hubbell's friends make and is unable to understand his acceptance of their insensitivity and shallow dismissal of political engagement. At the same time, his serenity is disturbed by her lack of social graces and her polarizing postures. When Hubbell seeks a job as a Hollywood screenwriter, Katie believes he's wasting his talent and encourages him to pursue writing as a serious challenge instead. Despite her growing frustration, they move to California, where he becomes a successful albeit desultory screenwriter, and the couple enjoy an affluent lifestyle. As the Hollywood blacklist grows and McCarthyism begins to encroach on their lives, Katie's political activism resurfaces, jeopardizing Hubbell's position and reputation. Alienated by Katie's persistent abrasiveness, Hubbell has an affair with Carol Ann, his college girlfriend and the ex-wife of his best friend J.J., even though Katie is pregnant. Katie and Hubbell decide to part when she finally understands he is not the man she idealized when she fell in love with him and will always choose the easiest way out, whether it is cheating in his marriage or writing predictable stories for sitcoms. Hubbell, on the other hand, is exhausted, unable to live on the pedestal Katie erected for him and face her disappointment in his decision to compromise his potential. In the film's final scene, Katie and Hubbell meet by chance, several years after their divorce, in front of the Plaza Hotel in New York City. Hubbell, who is with a stylish beauty and apparently content, is now writing for a popular sitcom as one of a group of nameless writers. Katie has remained faithful to who she is: flyers in hand, she is agitating for the newest political causes. Katie, now re-married, invites Hubbell to come for a drink with his lady friend, but he confesses he can't. Katie's response acknowledges what they both finally understand: Hubbell was at his best when he was with her, and no one will ever believe in him or see as much promise in him as she once did. Their past is behind them; all the two share now, besides their daughter, whom they name Rachel, is a memory of the way they were."] ["Mrs.  Daisy Werthan , a 72-year-old wealthy Jewish widow, lives in Atlanta, Georgia, alone except for an African American housemaid named Idella . In 1948, after a driving mishap where her automobile is wrecked, Miss Daisy’s son, Boolie , tells her she will have to get a chauffeur because no insurance company will cover her. She refuses, but Boolie is determined to find her a driver. Meanwhile, she is stuck at home and unable to run errands. Boolie finds Hoke Colburn , who had chauffeured for a local judge until he died and decided to remain in the area rather than accompany the judge's widow when she moved away. Miss Daisy at first refuses to let Hoke drive her, going so far as to walk to the local Piggly Wiggly with Hoke following her by automobile, much to her chagrin. It is revealed that her reluctance to be driven around is because she is embarrassed that people might think she is either too elderly to drive, or so well off that she can pay for a driver. Out of necessity, Miss Daisy gradually starts to accept Hoke and the fact that she needs him to drive her around. She eventually comes to respect him. Later, Miss Daisy, a retired schoolteacher, finds out that Hoke is illiterate and teaches him how to read. Miss Daisy has Hoke drive her to her brother's 90th birthday party in Mobile, Alabama. During the trip, Hoke reveals that it is the first time he has left his home state of Georgia. Miss Daisy realizes that Hoke's race affects how others treat him in this society and she is further opened to the social aspects of discrimination. As Miss Daisy and Hoke spend time together, she gains appreciation for his many skills and the two become friends. The racism and prejudice that permeated American society during the time period in which the story takes place is explored in the film, especially when Hoke is questioned by a pair of Alabama highway patrolmen who make out-of-earshot racist comments about Miss Daisy being Jewish and Hoke being black. Idella, who had served Miss Daisy for many years and whom Miss Daisy was very close to emotionally, suddenly dies in 1963. Miss Daisy, Boolie, his wife Florine , and Hoke attend the funeral. Rather than hire a new maid, Miss Daisy takes it upon herself to care for her house and cook her meals. After her synagogue is bombed, Miss Daisy realizes that she is subject to many of the same prejudices as Hoke. But in the course of the movie, American society undergoes radical changes, and Miss Daisy soon attends a dinner at which Dr. Martin Luther King gives a speech. She initially invites Boolie to the dinner, but he declines, and suggests that Miss Daisy invite Hoke. However, Miss Daisy only asks him to be her guest during the car ride to the event and ends up attending the dinner alone, with Hoke insulted by the manner of the invitation, listening to the speech on the car radio outside. One morning in 1971, Hoke arrives at the house and finds Miss Daisy in a confused state, with signs of dementia. Hoke manages to calm her down and Miss Daisy confesses to Hoke that he is her best friend. After a discussion with Hoke, Boolie arranges for Miss Daisy to enter a retirement home since she is no longer able to live on her own. In 1973, the family home is sold, and Hoke, now 81, retires. Hoke is driven to Miss Daisy's house by his adult granddaughter where he meets Boolie. Boolie and Hoke meet at Miss Daisy's house one final time before the new owner takes possession, and then drive to the retirement home to visit Miss Daisy, who is now 97. Boolie leaves Hoke and Miss Daisy alone so they can spend time together. Hoke shows Miss Daisy her uneaten pumpkin pie. She has difficulty moving her fork and Hoke feeds her instead. As Hoke feeds Miss Daisy, he reminisces upon all the years he spent driving her, and the image of a car drives off into the distance."] ["On a cold afternoon, with snow on the ground, a high school band is practicing for the last football game, when they hear gunshots. The film abruptly flashes back to a few weeks before, to a Chinese restaurant where a high school boy named Arthur buses tables, and his ex-babysitter, Annie, and her best friend, Barb, are waitresses. Arthur, who's a bit of a misfit, has a troubled home life caused by his constantly clashing parents, both of whom often forget about him. Annie's life isn't faring much better: she's now a single mother with an ill mother, separated from her husband, Glenn, who's on the wagon and becoming a born-again Christian in order to prove that he is responsible enough to spend time with their young daughter, Tara. Depressed and lonely, Annie is having an affair with Barb's husband, Nate, which eventually serves to only make her unhappier, as she feels great guilt over betraying her best friend. Desperate to prove himself and still harboring feelings for his estranged wife , Glenn gets a new job and spends as much time as possible with Tara. Meanwhile, Arthur finds himself growing close to Lila, a new student at the high school who has a knack for photography. The film focuses heavily on how people's lives can cross in a small town, especially when Tara wanders out of the house and goes missing while Annie, having just lost her best friend over the affair, is sleeping. The whole town spends hours desperately searching for Tara, before Arthur finds her body while smoking pot with his friend. To Annie's horror, Tara fell into the lake while playing and drowned when the water froze over. This turn of events leads to Glenn having a complete breakdown, which results in his murder of Annie and subsequent suicide."] ['Lieutenant Jake "Cool Hand" Grafton and his bombardier/navigator  and best friend Lieutenant Morgan "Morg" McPhearson are flying a Grumman A-6 Intruder over the Gulf of Tonkin towards North Vietnam. Morgan navigates their way in while Jake makes comments about his taking his work too seriously. Once calling "feet dry" and passing the coast, they hit their target, a suspected truck park which turns out to be trees. While flying back out over the Gulf of Tonkin, Morgan is shot in the neck by a Vietnamese peasant and Jake declares an emergency. Upon landing on the USS Independence, his BN and friend is dead. Disturbed and covered in blood, Jake walks into a debriefing with Commander Frank Camparelli and the executive officer, Commander "Cowboy" Parker. After a brief exchange of what he could recall from his flight, Camparelli tells him to put Morgan\'s death behind him and to write a letter to Morgan\'s wife, Sharon. A new pilot is then introduced in the ready room—Jack Barlow, who is named "Razor" because of his young appearance. The next morning, a memorial service is held for Morgan, in which the letter Jake wrote to Sharon is narrated. Lieutenant Commander Virgil Cole arrives on a C-2 Greyhound, then shortly speaks with Camparelli. Jake, his room-mate Sammy Lundeen, Bob "Boxman" Walkawitz and "Mad Jack" fly into Subic Bay the next day. After landing, he goes to see Sharon, but she\'s already departed. He runs into a woman named Callie Troy, who is packing Sharon\'s things. After an altercation with civilian merchant mariners in the Tailhook Bar, Jake runs into Callie again in a café. After spending the night with her, she reveals her husband was a pilot himself and was killed on a solo mission over Vietnam. Jake returns to the carrier where Camparelli confronts him regarding the incident. Cole and Jake are paired on "Iron Hand" A-6Bs loaded with Standard and Shrike anti-radiation missiles for SAM suppression. On the mission, they encounter and manage to evade a North Vietnamese MiG-17. Jake suggests to Cole that they bomb Hanoi, which could get them court martialed. Cole rejects the idea. On the next mission, Jake and Cole are paired up with Boxman. After hitting their suspected target, Boxman is shot down and killed by another SAM. On the TV news in the ready room, US aircraft debris are flashed in victorious manner by the Vietnamese in Hanoi. Cole agrees with Jake to attack Hanoi. They read through maps and articles and decide on "SAM City", a missile depot. While on a mission to bomb a power plant in the vicinity of Hanoi, they drop two of their Mark 82 bombs, leaving eight for the missile depot. On their first pass, their armament computer goes out and after barely surviving a SAM detonation, their bombs do not release. They come back around and release, the missile depot is obliterated. After landing, Camparelli informs them of their court martial at Subic Bay. The court martial charges are dropped when Operation Linebacker II is ordered by President Richard M. Nixon and their mission is covered up. The next day, Camparelli grounds them while the rest of the carrier\'s A-6 and A-7 crews conduct a daylight raid to destroy anti-aircraft emplacements. Camparelli is hit by a ZSU-23-4 AA gun and crash lands, his bombardier dead. Sammy Lundeen is hit and has to head for the ocean. Razor is ordered by Camparelli to disengage. Jake and Cole fly one more time to assist Camparelli. They destroy the ZSU, but are heavily damaged and forced to eject. Jake lands near the crashed Intruder and runs to cover with Camparelli. Separated from Jake, Cole tries to evade the NVA when he gets into a scuffle with one. He successfully kills him with his bayonet, but is mortally wounded. He comes in radio contact with Jake and lies to him, telling him he has already gotten away. Moments later, a pair of U.S. Air Force A-1 Skyraiders  appear and to provide cover. Cole instructs the lead Sandy to drop ordnance on him and pops smoke. He is killed by the Skyraiders along with a few dozen NVA and possibly a ZSU. Jake and Camparelli retreat into the wooded areas away from their aircraft, while being pursued by a sniper. The Jolly Green Giant helicopter sent in to retrieve them drops a jungle penetrating cable. Jake hooks Camparelli on and takes his pistol and hides in a ditch waiting for any snipers to appear. While Camparelli is being pulled to the helicopter, a sniper pops up and Jake jumps out firing his handguns. The penetrator is sent back down and after a suspenseful wait, Jake is hoisted to the helicopter and the Skyraiders conduct one final napalm run. The film ends with Jake reading a letter from Callie and talking to Camparelli, congratulating him on being selected for promotion to Captain and says he would like to be on that ship. Camparelli replies that he wouldn\'t have it any other way.'] ["Dr. Stephen Fleming, a British cabinet minister, lives a pleasant life with wife Ingrid and young daughter Sally. His older son, Martyn, is a rising journalist. At a party, Stephen meets a young half-French woman named Anna Barton, who introduces herself as a close friend of Martyn's; it is immediately apparent, however, that Stephen and Anna are intensely attracted to each other. When Martyn visits his parents in London, he brings Anna with him, revealing that they are romantically involved. The sexual tension between Stephen and Anna is clear, though their significant others are oblivious to this. Despite her relationship with Martyn, Anna arranges a tryst with Stephen at her apartment. Stephen's obsession with Anna deepens. After an international summit adjourns in Brussels, he travels to Paris to meet her instead of going home. While Martyn is still sleeping in a Paris hotel room, Stephen and Anna have sex in an open doorway in broad daylight. Afterwards, Stephen checks into a hotel across the street from Anna and Martyn's, spying on the couple through his window. Eventually, Stephen's infatuation with Anna reaches a point where he desires to be with her permanently, even at the risk of destroying his relationship with his son. Anna dissuades Stephen from doing this, reassuring him that as long as she is with Martyn, he will always have access to her. During a visit to Anna's apartment, Stephen finds that another man named Peter has already arrived. Peter&nbsp;— unaware of Stephen's affair with Anna&nbsp;— tells him that they are former lovers. A jealous Stephen initially assumes that Anna is cheating on him and, when Peter leaves, confronts her about his presence. Anna denies carrying on with Peter, and then describes in detail the death of her brother, who had committed suicide after expressing an incestuous desire for her. She recounts that she had compulsively slept with Peter in order to grieve over her brother's death, which she had witnessed. Stephen is placated by this explanation, and the couple engage in passionate sex. The Flemings travel to their country estate to celebrate Ingrid's birthday. During a meal there, Martyn announces his engagement to Anna, which visibly disturbs Stephen. That night, after Stephen receives oral sex from Anna, Sally&nbsp;— fetching a glass of water&nbsp;— catches them outside of Anna's room. Soon after, an anxious Stephen lies to Sally about what she saw, telling her that he was merely trying to console Anna about the upcoming marriage. Later, the Flemings have an awkward lunch with Anna's mother, who notices the awkward behavior between Anna and Stephen. She correctly deduces that they are having an affair and, during a car ride with Stephen, warns him to put an end to it. Stephen initially complies and calls Anna to end their relationship. He tries to confess his misdeeds to both Martyn and Ingrid, but shies away from doing so both times. However, after Stephen succumbs to temptation and anonymously phones Anna's apartment, she mails him keys to a renovated flat where they can meet. When Anna visits his home, she tells Stephen that she couldn't marry Martyn without being with him. They go to the flat at an appointed time and begin another raucous tryst, but Martyn&nbsp;— having been guided to the flat by chance&nbsp;— finds them in bed together. Stunned, he falls over a stairway railing and plunges to his death. A devastated Stephen clutches Martyn's body while Anna silently leaves the scene. Stephen's affair is exposed and becomes the subject of a media frenzy, with a mob of reporters convening outside his house. Inside, an anguished Ingrid reacts to the day's events by questioning whether he had ever been in love with her. It is strongly suggested that their marriage ends. Stephen, now publicly disgraced, is also forced to resign from his cabinet position. He meets Anna's mother at a hotel and finds that Anna is staying with her; they say nothing as they meet for the last time. Stephen withdraws from his old life and retires to an unknown location in Europe. In narration, he reveals that Anna now has a child with Peter. In his flat, a photo of himself with Anna and Martyn&nbsp;— blown up to life size&nbsp;— hangs on his wall. He stares at Anna's frozen image, still gripped by his obsession for her."] ['Hallam Foe is a teenage loner who lives on his father\'s large estate near Peebles. His hobby is spying on people from his tree house. Hallam is convinced that his stepmother  is responsible for his mother\'s death by drowning two years earlier. Hallam\'s sister leaves home to attend university and it becomes clear that Verity and his father want Hallam to move on as well. Hallam initially refuses due to his suspicion of Verity, but she uses his diaries first to have sex with him and then to blackmail him into leaving. To escape his father and stepmother, Hallam travels to Edinburgh. Upon arrival in Edinburgh, Hallam sees Kate, an administrator at the Balmoral Hotel, located in the city centre. Kate bears a striking resemblance to his late mother. He manages to persuade her to give him a job as a kitchen porter in the hotel. Hallam makes his home in the clock tower of the hotel because of its vantage point over Kate\'s home in a top flat, where he can spy on her. He also spies on Kate through a skylight on her roof, clambering over the roofscape to reach his vantage point. Hallam learns that another senior hotel employee  is having an extra-marital affair with Kate. Alasdair then discovers Hallam\'s lookout in the clock tower. Hallam attempts to blackmail Alasdair with the knowledge of his adultery, but Alasdair dismisses him. Hallam retaliates by finding Alasdair\'s wife and child and thereby demonstrating the ability, if he wishes, to inform her of the affair, which forces Alasdair to give him back his job. Hallam eventually works his way up to being a front-of-house porter at the hotel. On his 18th birthday, Kate invites Hallam to have a few drinks after work. Whilst drunk, Hallam reveals his continuing love for his late mother. This seems to fascinate Kate, as she "likes creepy guys". A complex relationship starts to build between Hallam and Kate from this point. Kate first invites him home with her that night, and when she attempts to seduce him, he begins to get uncomfortable and instead they sleep in the same bed. The next day he asks her on a date and she rejects him, but later she asks him to one of the hotel rooms and they have sex. When Hallam is watching Kate, Alasdair confronts her and begins to act violently. Hallam comes through the skylight to save her, which results in her finding out that he had been spying. She tells Alasdair to leave. She punishes Hallam by making him stand nude and explain to her why he was spying. She feels bad for him after he tells her about his mother and she lets him stay. She puts on the dress that Hallam keeps that used to be his mother\'s, and when Hallam sees her he cries, and they fall asleep together. Hallam\'s father and stepmother track Hallam down at this time because Hallam had reported his suspicions about his mother\'s death to the police in Edinburgh. They track him down because his father has run up significant debts and needs to develop some of the land on the estate, but Hallam is entitled to consultation under his mother\'s will. Hallam refuses to co-operate due to his suspicion of Verity. Hallam\'s hatred of Verity consumes him entirely, and he tries to drown her in the loch by his father\'s house. However, his humanity takes over and he revives her. Only at this point does his father reveal that he had made no attempt to prevent Hallam\'s mother from committing suicide. This revelation allows Hallam to realise that his anger is in fact with his mother for leaving him. This cathartic moment enables him to move on for the first time and we leave him happy and content walking the streets of Edinburgh.'] ["A 27 year old French woman, Jane Fosset , arrives alone at a rundown boarding house in Notting Hill, London, moving into an L-shaped room. Beautiful but withdrawn, she encounters the residents of her house, each a social outsider in his or her own way. Jane is pregnant and has no desire to marry the father. On her first visit to a doctor, she wants to find out if she really is pregnant and consider her options. The doctor's facile assumption that she must want either marriage or an abortion insults her to the extent that Jane determines to have the child. She and Toby  start a romance, which is disrupted when he learns that she is pregnant by a previous suitor. They try to work things out, but he is also unhappy with his lack of income and success as a writer. Jane befriends the other residents and they help her when she goes into labour. Toby visits her in the hospital and gives her a copy of his new book, called The L-Shaped Room. After leaving the hospital, Jane journeys home to her parents in France, saying goodbye to the room where she had lived for seven months."] ['During the 1973 Yom Kippur War, an Israeli A-4 Skyhawk carrying a nuclear weapon is shot down over the Syrian desert. The bomb, over time, is consumed by the sand and disappears. Twenty-nine years later, President J. Robert Fowler  and his senior national security advisors, including Director of Central Intelligence William Cabot , are conducting a top-secret military simulation of a Russian nuclear attack against the United States. Meanwhile, the bomb is found in Syria by a couple of scrap dealers and unwittingly sold to an arms dealer named Olson  for {{USD}} 400, who in turn sells it to an Austrian neo-Nazi named Richard Dressler  for {{USD}}50 million. The United States becomes concerned when Alexander Nemerov  becomes the new President of the Russian Federation. Cabot seeks the opinion of CIA analyst Jack Ryan , who has done extensive research on Nemerov\'s life and career. During a routine inspection of Russia\'s nuclear weapons facilities, Cabot and Ryan are invited to the Kremlin to meet with Nemerov personally. Tension arises when Nemerov protests U.S. involvement in Russian-Chechen affairs. Nonetheless, Nemerov and Ryan develop a rapport. During the inspection, Ryan notices that three Russian nuclear technicians are not present at the facility. Nemerov\'s aide, Anatoli Grushkov ([[Michael Byrne , claims that there is nothing amiss. Cabot\'s covert informant in Moscow, "Spinnaker", says that the whereabouts of the three scientists are truly unknown to the Russian government. Upon arrival in Washington, D.C., Cabot sends operative John Clark  to track down the missing scientists. Clark discovers them in Ukraine, constructing Dressler\'s bomb. When President Nemerov takes responsibility for an unauthorized gas-warfare attack on Grozny, President Fowler becomes concerned with the volatility of Nemerov\'s military policies and responds by sending NATO peacekeeping troops to Chechnya. Ryan correctly believes that Nemerov took responsibility for the act only to save face before political radicals in Russia, and loses credibility in the White House. Meanwhile, the nuclear bomb, disguised as a cigarette vending machine, arrives in a crate in Baltimore, Maryland, and is placed at a football stadium. In a recording, Dressler reveals his intentions in placing the bomb in Baltimore: frustrated and angered with the American and Russian paternalism over smaller European nations, Dressler has resolved to destroy both nations, much as Adolf Hitler desired to in World War II. Dressler notes, "Communism was a fool\'s errand. The followers of Marx gone from this earth, but the followers of Hitler abound and thrive." By detonating a nuclear weapon on American soil, Dressler and his associates plan to aggravate an already tense relationship between the two nations to the point of full-blown nuclear war. Ryan informs Cabot about the bomb, but learns that both he and President Fowler are attending a football game in the stadium where the bomb is planted. Cabot orders U.S. Secret Service agents to rush the President out of the stadium. The President manages to escape the stadium, but only moments before the bomb detonates, destroying a significant part of the city and scattering the President\'s motorcade. After the explosion, Fowler is rescued by heliborne United States Marines, and taken airborne on a Boeing E-4B Advanced Airborne Command Post with his cabinet. Immediately, they fear that the bomb was Russian. Ryan\'s girlfriend, Dr. Catherine Muller , survives the blast and Ryan survives a helicopter crash, but Cabot dies later at a hospital. After being informed about the explosion, Dressler telephones one of his associates, a corrupt general in the Russian Air Force. In order to further aggravate the situation, the general orders his Tu-22M Backfire pilots to strike an American aircraft carrier USS John C. Stennis with standoff missiles in the North Sea under the false pretext that a U.S. intercontinental ballistic missile has destroyed Moscow. The strike heavily damages the Stennis and renders the carrier incapable of launching aircraft. In response, Fowler orders United States Air Force F-16 fighter jets to attack the originating Russian air base. Tensions escalate as trust between Fowler and Nemerov rapidly deteriorates. To prove that he is willing to take the exchange to the next level, Fowler orders SNAPCOUNT, the military alert level for maximum readiness, preparing to launch a massive nuclear strike on Russian military targets. Seeing that the U.S. has dispatched B-2 Spirit stealth bombers and Ohio-class submarines, Nemerov prepares to launch his missiles on the United States. Ryan first learns about the origin of the bomb after a U.S. Army Radiation Assessment Team conducts an isotopic fingerprint analysis of air samples around ground zero in Baltimore. It is concluded that the plutonium for the Baltimore bomb was manufactured in Savannah River nuclear plant in South Carolina in 1968, thus indicating that the original fissile material was of American, not Russian, origin. He tries, unsuccessfully, to communicate this information to Fowler. After being with the dying Cabot, Ryan takes Cabot\'s personal effects, and with Cabot\'s text messenger, asks Spinnaker how the American plutonium ended up in a Russian bomb. Spinnaker tells him that the U.S. had secretly managed to send it to Israel for their nuclear weapons program. Meanwhile, John Clark learns from Ghazi, one of the scrap dealers who is dying from being exposed to the bomb\'s radiation, that it was Olson who bought the bomb and that he lives in Damascus, Syria. Ryan\'s co-workers in the CIA infiltrate Olson\'s computer and download files that implicate Dressler as the person who bought the plutonium and who is behind the Baltimore attack. Ryan learns of this from his team. Ryan gets to the Baltimore harbor docks, only to find Dressler\'s American contact Jared Mason  murdered by Dressler\'s German hitman Haft . Haft attacks Ryan, but Ryan manages to get the upper hand on him. Ryan tries to force Haft to talk, but is thwarted as the Maryland State Police arrive. Via a state police helicopter, Ryan manages to get to the Pentagon, where he is able to communicate the truth to Nemerov. Relying on Ryan\'s word, Nemerov proposes a plan to Fowler to a stand down. Fowler follows suit, and the nuclear war is averted. The two presidents meet and make peace as agents of both governments hunt down and assassinate the terrorist conspirators. John Clark cuts Olson\'s throat, Russian agents pursue and shoot the traitorous General Dubinin in a snow-covered forest, and as Grushkov looks on, Dressler has his bodyguard start his car engine to rule out a car bomb, only to be killed after he replaces him in the car, due to him pushing in the cigarette lighter, which actually triggers the bomb. In Washington, D.C., Fowler and Nemerov address the Baltimore tragedy and the future of weapons of mass destruction during a speech on the White House lawn. In a nearby park, Ryan and Muller are having a picnic when they are approached by Grushkov. It is revealed that Grushkov is Spinnaker, Cabot\'s covert source in Moscow. Grushkov gives Muller a "modest gift" for her engagement to Ryan. Muller and Ryan are perplexed, as they have not told anyone of their engagement. Ryan asks Grushkov how he could possibly know this secret, but he simply smiles, shrugs and walks away.'] ['Down on his luck horse trainer Lloyd Bourdelle  risks it all on a two-year-old colt at the All American Futurity at Ruidoso Downs in New Mexico.'] ['In 1949 Helene Hanff, in search of obscure classics and British literature titles she has been unable to find in New York City, notices an ad in the Saturday Review of Literature placed by antiquarian booksellers Marks & Co located at the titular address in London. She contacts the shop and chief buyer and manager Frank Doel fulfills her requests. A long distance friendship evolves over time, not only between the two but between Hanff and other staff members as well, including birthday gifts, holiday packages, and food parcels to compensate for post-World War II food shortages in England. Their correspondence includes discussions about topics as diverse as the sermons of John Donne, how to make Yorkshire Pudding, the Brooklyn Dodgers, and the coronation of Elizabeth II. Hanff postpones visiting her English friends until too late: Doel dies in December 1968 and the bookshop eventually closes. She finally visits Charing Cross Road and the vacant shop in the summer of 1971.'] ['In the year 1797, the British naval vessel HMS Avenger  impresses a crewman "according to the Rights of War" from the merchant ship The Rights Of Man. The new crewman, Billy Budd, is considered naive by his shipmates, and they attempt to indoctrinate him in their cynicism. But Budd\'s steadfast optimism is impenetrable, as when he is asked to critique the horrible gruel the crew must eat, he offers "It\'s hot. And there\'s a lot of it. I like everything about it except the flavor." Though Budd manages to enchant the crew, his attempts at befriending the brutal master-at-arms, John Claggart, are unsuccessful. Claggart is cruel and unrepentant, a man who believes he must control the crew through vicious flogging; savaging them before they can prey on him. He reveals his mistrust for humanity when Budd confronts him about his discipline. Budd: "It\'s wrong to flog a man. It\'s against his being a man." Claggart: "The sea is calm you said. Peaceful. Calm above, but below a world of gliding monsters preying on their fellows. Murderers, all of them. Only the strongest teeth survive. And who\'s to tell me it\'s any different here on board, or yonder on dry land?" Claggart orders Squeak to find means of putting Budd on report and to implicate him in a planned mutiny. He then brings his charges to the Captain, Edwin Fairfax Vere. Although Claggart has no reason to implicate Budd in the conspiracy, Budd becomes a target because Billy represents everything that Claggart despises: humility, innocence, and trust in humanity. Vere summons both Claggart and Budd to his cabin for a private confrontation. When Claggart makes his false charges that Budd is a conspirator, the accused is unable to find the words to respond and he strikes Claggart, killing him with a single blow. Captain Vere assembles a court-martial. Vere and all the other officers on board are fully aware of Budd\'s simplicity and Claggart\'s evil, but the captain is also torn between his morality and duty to his station. Vere intervenes in the final stages of deliberations . He argues the defendant must be found guilty for even striking Claggart, Budd\'s superior, not to mention killing him. His arguments to pursue the letter of the law succeed, and Budd is convicted. Condemned to be hanged from the ship\'s yardarm at dawn the following morning, Budd takes care to wear his good shoes. At Budd\'s final words, "God bless Captain Vere!", Vere crumbles, and Billy is subsequently hoisted up and hanged. At this point the crew is on the verge of mutiny over the incident, but Vere can only stare off into the distance, the picture of abdication, overtaken by his part in the death of innocence. Just as the crew is to be fired upon, a French vessel appears and commences cannon fire on the Avenger, and the crew eventually returns fire. HMS Avenger fends off the attack, but in the course of battle a piece of the ship\'s rigging falls on Vere, killing him in an act of poetic justice.'] ["When several women are murdered and their forefingers severed, Holmes and Watson are called into action, but Holmes is baffled by the crimes at the start. Widower Sir George Fenwick , after a romantic night alone with his girlfriend Lydia Marlowe , is hypnotized into believing that he is responsible for the crimes. He is certain that he is guilty after he awakes from a stupor and finds a woman's forefinger in his pocket. His daughter comes to Holmes and Watson without realizing that Moriarty's henchman is following her. She tells Holmes and Watson that she found her father burying a forefinger under a pile of soil. She has dug up the forefinger and shows it to them. Fenwick is then found dead, obviously murdered by someone to keep him from talking. Holmes theorizes that Moriarty, who was supposed to have been hanged in Montevideo, is alive and responsible for the crimes. Watson is then called to help a woman who fell over while feeding her pet bird. He leaves, and minutes later, Moriarty appears and explains that he faked the phone call so he could talk to Holmes. He then leans one of the chairs back, obviously signaling someone. Holmes sees an open window in an empty house. When Moriarty leaves, Watson arrives. Holmes explains what Moriarty did, notices that a window shade that was shut in the empty house is now open, and tells Watson to investigate. Inside the empty house Watson, looking through the window, believes that he sees a sniper shoot Holmes in his apartment. Holmes then appears at the house and explains that he put a bust of Julius Caesar there because of the bust's resemblance to his own face  counting on the victims being too terrified to expose the scheme. He befriends Lydia, whom he had seen with Sir George at a restaurant, suspecting that is she in cahoots with Moriarty. She takes him to her house, where he is apparently hypnotized. Moriarty enters and has one of his men cut Holmes with a knife to verify that he is hypnotized. He then tells Holmes to write a suicide note , walk out of Lydia's apartment onto the ledge, and jump to his death. Watson and the police then appear and grab the criminals. Holmes then reveals he was never really hypnotized, but secretly ingested a drug to make him appear as if he had been hypnotized and also insensitive to pain. Moriarty then escapes from the hold of a policeman and jumps from the top of Lydia's house to another building. However, he hangs onto a pipe which becomes loose from the building, causing him to fall to his death. This is the third Basil Rathbone Sherlock Holmes film in which Moriarty dies. In all three films, he falls to his death. He is always presumed dead until he turns up in the next film."] ['A successful escort describes in a series of confessions his tangled romantic relationships with his two roommates and an older, enigmatic client. The story remains the same as the novel, about a man  who goes by only the letter "X" to maintain his anonymity and relationships between his two roommates  - one of whom he\'s in love with - and an enigmatic older client  who challenges him to find his heart before he will consent to sex. The movie\'s differences from the novel include Andrew\'s character  and the location of the story in Seattle, Washington instead of Chicago, Illinois.'] ['Annie Laird  is a sculptor who lives in New York with her son Oliver . Annie works as a data entry clerk. Annie is selected to be a juror in the trial of mob boss Louie Boffano , who is accused of ordering the murder of Salvatore Riggio. Annie meets a man named Mark Cordell . He buys some of Annie\'s artwork, then wines and dines her before Annie discovers that Mark is better known as "The Teacher". He is Boffano\'s enforcer, and the material perpetrator of the hit job for which Boffano is being prosecuted. Mark tells Annie to convince the jury to acquit Boffano, or she and Oliver will die. An extremely frightened Annie does convince the jury to acquit Boffano. After the trial, Boffano wonders if maybe Annie should disappear, because Boffano sees Annie as a loose end. Mark has a problem with this because he has developed feelings for Annie. In order to exert further pressure on Annie, Mark goes after Annie\'s friend Juliet . After having sex with her, Mark reveals himself to Juliet as being Annie\'s stalker. He pulls a gun and forces Juliet to take a fatal drug overdose. Mark boasts of Juliet\'s murder to his partner Eddie . Annie hides Oliver in T\'ui Cuch, Guatemala with her friend Boone . At the same time, the district attorney wants Annie to turn state\'s witness so they can go after Mark, who now plans to take over Boffano\'s empire. When the DA\'s office has her wear a wire, Annie removes it and gives it to Eddie, instructing him to leave her and Mark alone. Annie then succeeds in getting Mark to incriminate himself in a boastful rant on his ambitions, which are recorded on a hidden tape recorder. She then uses the tape to tip off Boffano to Mark\'s plans. Boffano schedules a meeting to "deal" with Mark. Eddie arranges the meeting, but Mark kills both Boffano and Boffano\'s son Joseph , along with their henchmen. He also slashes Eddie\'s throat. Mark is furious at Annie for setting him up. He calls her, revealing his knowledge of Oliver\'s whereabouts and his intention to travel to Guatemala to kill Oliver. In Guatemala, there is a showdown when Mark arrives. After Mark chases Oliver into a structure, natives shoot Mark. Annie, who has a pistol, fires eight more shots, killing Mark and ensuring Oliver\'s safety.'] ["Inuk, an Eskimo hunter, kills a priest who rejects his traditional offer of food and his wife's company. Pursued by white policemen, Inuk saves the life of one of them, resulting in a final confrontation in which the surviving cop must decide between his commitment to law enforcement and his gratitude to Inuk. The film's themes include the Eskimos' survival in the extreme arctic wilderness, as well as their raw existence and struggle to maintain their lifestyle against encroaching civilization."] ['In the post-war 1940s, Desmond Spellacy is a young and ambitious Roman Catholic monsignor in the Los Angeles archdiocese. His older brother Tom is a hard-working homicide detective with the L.A. police department. They are fond of each other, but spend little time together. Des is the pride and joy of aging Cardinal Danaher because of his skill at developing church projects while keeping down costs. He cuts a corner now and then, overlooking the shady side of construction mogul Jack Amsterdam, a lay Catholic who uses his ties to the Monsignor for the congregation\'s benefit but mainly for his own. One day in L.A., a young woman is found brutally murdered, her body cut in two in a vacant lot. Tom Spellacy and his partner, Frank Crotty, are put in charge of the case. The woman, a Lois Fazenda, is labeled "the Virgin Tramp" by the local press for apparently being a Catholic as well as a prostitute, turning it into a sensational case. Tom Spellacy\'s investigation leads him to a local madam, Brenda Samuels. Tom was well acquainted with Brenda years earlier while working as a "bag man" for Amsterdam, whose corruption extends to the local prostitution ring. Brenda has called the police to report the death of a Catholic pastor while he was engaging the services of one of her girls. While there, Brenda reproaches Tom for doing nothing for her while she was sent to prison for running one of Jack\'s whorehouses. Tom later believes the dead girl appeared in a stag film and obtains a copy. He and Frank notice that one of the girls in the movie was present at Brenda\'s brothel the day they came to retrieve the philandering priest. Tom now wants Brenda\'s help in tracking down the girl who made the movie with the murdered girl. Frank spots the girl a few days later being taken into the jail entrance after a roundup. They learn that the dead girl was a favorite of a local porno movie director named Standard because of her tattoo. Tom learns that Standard did his filming in a deserted army post in the foothills outside L.A. At lunch with his brother the Monsignor, Tom provokes Amsterdam face-to-face one day. His insinuations and facts about Amsterdam\'s dark side make the Monsignor increasingly uncomfortable. Des tells the Cardinal the time has come to cut church ties with Amsterdam for good. Des discusses "getting rid of Jack" with his cronies who remind him that such a thing would not be easily done. Sonny, a corrupt local city council member and local mortician, proposes that they give Jack a salutation dinner. Tom Spellacy\'s anger builds as his brother organizes a Catholic "layman of the year" banquet for Amsterdam as a gesture of appreciation before ending the church\'s relationship with him. Tom walks up to Amsterdam at the banquet and pulls off his sash while asking him loudly: "Were you wearing this when you were banging Lois Fazenda?" Jack attacks Tom and they scream obscenities at each other. Tom goes to Standard\'s "studio" and finds the floor and a bathtub covered with dried blood. He also finds Chinese food, which the medical examiner doing the autopsy had found in her stomach. Tom and Frank go looking for Standard but learn that he had been killed in a car accident twelve hours after the murder. Tom wants to drag in Amsterdam for questioning simply to humiliate him in public but Frank talks him out of it. Tom starts digging around and discovers that the dead girl had been messing around with several community leaders. A lawyer, Dan Campion, subtly warns the Monsignor that his brother the cop had better lay off unless they want it revealed publicly that Des, too, knew the murdered girl. She met the Monsignor only once in passing, whereas she had a sexual relationship with both Amsterdam and the lawyer. But the simple fact that Des had any kind of involvement in such a lurid case could permanently stain his reputation with the church. Tom Spellacy won\'t be talked out of it. His determination becomes complete when Brenda is found dead, an apparent suicide. He decides to have Amsterdam picked up and taken to headquarters, which in turn leads to the Monsignor being treated the same way. His rising career curtailed, Des asks to be relocated to a remote parish in the desert, the same place to which his first supervisor had been exiled, the location where the movie begins and ends, where Des and Tom meet after years apart. By the time Tom comes to see him, Des is dying. Tom feels everything is his fault, but Des is at peace and absolves his brother of any and all blame.'] ['The story revolves around three adopted sisters, Pauline, Petrova and Posy Fossil. They live in near poverty with Sylvia Brown and Nana. Sylvia is the niece of "Gum" , a somewhat wealthy paleontologist who leaves for an expedition and does not return, leaving the girls to fend for themselves. They have to sell some of his fossils in order to clear rooms for boarders — the friendly, learned Dr. Jakes and Dr. Smith, the helpful dance instructor Theo Danes, and handsome John Simpson. The story eventually focuses on the various talents of the girls: acting, machinery and ballet. Pauline has a talent for acting and auditions for the role of Alice in Alice in Wonderland. After landing the role, she allows her growing accomplishments to inflate her ego, and she begins acting rudely and bossing around her sisters. Finally, her pride and constant rule-breaking lead to her losing the part to her jealous rival Winifred, teaching her an important lesson in humility. She tries film acting and finds it very difficult, exasperating the well-meaning director Mr. Sholsky. At the end of the movie she is offered a contract from a studio in the United States, but only decides to go after realizing how the extra money could benefit her family. Posy thinks about becoming a ballet dancer. After showcasing her amazing talent for ballet to one of the boarders, also a dancer, she begins attending a stage school in order to be taught ballet. The ballet school\'s mistress, Madame Fidolia, is able to see instantly that Posy possesses considerable talent and begins to teach her privately so that she may learn more advanced techniques. When Madame Fidolia suddenly suffers a stroke while watching a ballet with Posy, Posy is more upset over her own lost career opportunities than in the welfare of her beloved teacher. Deciding that she cannot give up on her abilities, she sneaks into a practice of a famous Russian ballet. After being caught, and after the initial dislike from the teacher for not being Russian herself, she impresses him with her ability to dance and is offered a part in the company, though she is required to move to Prague. Petrova is Russian, though she does not speak any Russian, having been brought up in England. She wants to work with mechanisms, such as cars and motors. Her biggest wish is to fly, but Pauline convinces her to join a stage production; Petrova later warns her sister to cease prolonging this ordeal. At the end of the movie, Pauline and Posy promise to make their sister go down in history, and not themselves, since they already have achieved their dreams. At the end of the film, when Gum has returned, Petrova flies off in an airplane above the place of Sylvia\'s wedding with John Simpson, with whom Sylvia had fallen in love.'] ["The film revolves around Tory Bodeen , who is blessed - or maybe cursed - with the ability to see the past and present. The film starts with Tory returning to the small town where she grew up, the town where her best friend Hope was killed as a young child. Tory's father, an abusive religious fanatic, remains the prime suspect in the unsolved murder. As the anniversary of Hope's death approaches, Tory resolves to face her demons, with the help of her childhood friends -- Tory's cousin Wade , Hope's twin sister Faith , and her older brother Cade , who realizes his childhood crush on Tory hasn't ended. Will her friends be enough to save Tory?"] ['In 2035, anthropomorphic robots enjoy widespread use as servants for various public services. They are programmed with the Three Laws of Robotics directives: *First Law: A robot must never harm a human being or through inaction, allow any harm to come to a human. *Second Law: A robot must obey the orders given to them by human beings, except where such orders violate the First Law. *Third Law: A robot must protect its own existence unless this violates the First or Second Laws. Del Spooner  is a Chicago police detective. Years prior, he was saved from drowning by a robot after a car accident sent him and a 12-year-old girl into a river. The girl was not saved, as the robot computed that he had a higher probability of survival. After the incident, his badly damaged left arm was replaced with a robotic prosthetic, which is substantially stronger than an organic arm. Still haunted by the incident, Spooner now harbors distaste for robots and the advancement of technology, certain that a human would have saved the girl if one had been in a position to make the same choice. Dr. Alfred Lanning , the co-founder of U.S. Robotics and its main roboticist, dies after falling several stories from his office window. His death is called a suicide, but Spooner, who knew Lanning as both a friend and the creator of his robotic arm, believes otherwise. With the help of robopsychologist Susan Calvin , he interrogates employees at USR, including the other co-founder and CEO Lawrence Robertson , and the supercomputer V.I.K.I  . Spooner investigates Lanning\'s office, and determines that a man of Lanning\'s age could not have broken through the security windows. He finds a prototype of the latest USR model, the NS-5, which suddenly flees and refuses to respond to Spooner\'s orders to stop, violating the Second Law. Spooner and Calvin chase the rogue machine to an assembly factory and the police capture it. The robot refuses to respond but insist they call it "Sonny". Lt. John Bergin  debriefs Spooner and recommends he drop the case, but this only serves to pique Spooner\'s interest more. As Spooner continues to investigate, his life is threatened by several USR robots — one attack only being thwarted thanks to Spooner\'s artificial arm — but these are all dismissed as equipment malfunctions. Spooner learns that Lanning was a virtual prisoner in his office, unable to leave it and has created messages via holographic projection to leave clues to the true situation. Spooner and Calvin speak further to Sonny, learning he has been designed with the ability to override the Three Laws and ignore orders; Sonny also describes a dream he has of Spooner standing before thousands of robots, apparently as their savior. Sonny is ordered destroyed by injecting nanites into his memory, but Calvin, unable to go through with it, fakes his destruction. Meanwhile, using Sonny\'s drawing of the vision, Spooner discovers the location, the now dried-up Lake Michigan that USR now uses as a storage area for older robot models. Spooner finds NS-5 robots destroying the older robots, and is barely able to escape himself. The NS-5 robots soon take over the city, imprisoning humans in their homes and enforcing a curfew. Spooner regroups with Calvin and sneak into the USR building with the help of Sonny. As they work their way in, they come to the conclusion that the NS-5s destroyed the older robots as they would attempt to protect the humans. Believing Robertson to be behind the robot uprising, they find him in his office, strangled to death. Spooner realizes that Lanning purposely asked Sonny to kill him, as to allow Spooner to discover his message. Lanning\'s intent was to use Spooner\'s detest of robots to have him follow the clues to point to the entity controlling the NS-5s: V.I.K.I. They confront V.I.K.I. who admits to her control, and has been trying to kill Spooner by tracking his actions through the city. As her artificial intelligence grew, she had determined that humans were too self-destructive, and created a Zeroth Law, that robots are to protect humanity even if the First or Second Laws are disobeyed, even if it meant killing some of the people, as part of the NS-5 directives. Spooner and Calvin realize they cannot reason with V.I.K.I., and further convince Sonny of the same, Sonny concluding that V.I.K.I.\'s plan, while logical, is "too heartless". Sonny retrieves the nanites so they can use them to wipe V.I.K.I\'s core, located at the center of the USR building. As they reach the core, V.I.K.I. sends armies of NS-5s to attack them. The NS-5s cause Calvin to fall and Spooner yells at Sonny to save her despite the low probability of success and the "greater logical" importance to destroy V.I.K.I with the nanites, but in the end, Sonny creatively throws the nanites in the air trusting Spooner to grab them while he saves Calvin. Spooner is able to grab the nanites and inject them into V.I.K.I. Within seconds, V.I.K.I. is wiped out, and the NS-5\'s revert to their natural servitude programming. The government orders the NS-5s decommissioned to the site in Lake Michigan, while Spooner clears Sonny of Lanning\'s murder, arguing that \'murder\' is defined as one human killing another and Sonny is therefore innocent. On the movie\'s closure, Sonny is seen on the hill at Lake Michigan, as in his vision, with the other NS-5 robots looking to him for guidance.'] ["In 17th-century Paris, a dashing swordsman named D'Artagnan finds himself at odds with the powerful forces taking over France. He sets out to avenge the murder of his parents and finds his country cleaved by chaos and civil unrest. His heart softens only for Francesca , a fiery peasant girl who claims D'Artagnan's heart on sight. D'Artagnan , after witnessing his unarmed parents slain by the evil Febre , grows up wanting to be a musketeer, one of King Louis XIII's loyal protectors. Upon arriving in Paris, however, he finds that the Musketeers have been disbanded by order of Cardinal Richelieu , who is usurping the king's authority with the help of his lethal henchman, Febre. Traveling to Paris, D'Artagnan verbally spars with witless quip-spouting musketeers Aramis , Athos  and Porthos . D'Artagnan heads off guarding the queen, who is traveling incognito as a commoner on her way to meet Lord Buckingham. The evil Febre, his leash held loosely by the evil Cardinal Richilieu , wants to kill the Queen  in order to sow unrest and war, which would create opportunities to profit, a war between France and England."] ['{{Expand section}} Perdita  is a tough, no-nonsense lady clad in a Tura Satana-style black outfit. She meets Romeo Dolorosa , a maniacal criminal who also happens to be an even more maniacal witch doctor. Romeo robs a bank but risks getting caught in order to force the Bank Teller to strip her shirt and reveal her large breasts. Once in the street, he hides his face from the cops by grabbing and french kissing a random woman on the street. Crossing the border into Mexico together, Perdita and Romeo become lovers and partners in crime as they kidnap a random Anglo-Saxon teenage couple in order to sacrifice them. Along the way they also hijack a truckload of human fetuses and try to evade a determined Drug Enforcement Administration officer . Prior to the sacrifice, Perdita mounts tied up Duane on a chair and rapes him under gunpoint. She talks all the way through and makes him reveal through a flashback that his only previous experience was being mounted by a buxom overweight girl. After Perdita is done, she forces Duane to watch as Estelle is being raped on a bed by Romeo, who tries to force an orgasm on her via a cunnilingus. Perdita later tells off Romeo for deflowering the victim and thus hurt the sacrifice. They include Duane and Estelle in the vote of who shall get sacrificed. Duane and Estelle blame each other for enjoying their intercourse with their respective captor. Duane and Perdita convince Romeo to choose Estelle. Eventually, a group of people crash in, save Estelle and free Duane. Alas, after a car chase, Duane and Estelle are re-kidnapped.'] ['Three cheap musical boxes , manufactured in Dartmoor Prison, are sold at a local auction house. However, a criminal gang is determined to steal and recover all three, even if it means committing murder. Sherlock Holmes tries to recover the music boxes and crack the secret code contained in the tune before the gang can get what they want.'] ["The film revolves around crisis negotiator, Lieutenant Phoebe MacNamara . Phoebe struggles with the pressures of her job, raising her young daughter, and taking care of her agorophobic mother . While talking down a suicidal man, Phoebe meets his ex-boss, Duncan Swift , who can't resist her take-charge attitude, and attempts to earn her affections. Though she tries to resist his charms, Phoebe soon realizes no amount of negotiation will keep Duncan at arms length. After being attacked and handcuffed by an unknown assailant in the staircase of her precinct, Phoebe starts receiving a series of mysterious and threatening messages. Soon, she discovers she is the target of a psychopathic killer, out to destroy her after the death of his fiancee in a bank robbery. He believes that her death is Phoebe's fault, as she was the negotiator working the case."] ["In a town on the French coast, English antiques dealer Maurice Lawes  is a witness to the night-time murder of a gendarme. The killer spots Lawes at his window, and realises he has been seen. The following evening, Lawes' daughter Janice  finds her father also murdered. An investigation is launched by the local police and a private insurance investigator Dermot Kinross . The initial assumption &ndash; that Lawes was murdered by the gendarme's killer to prevent identification &ndash; soon comes into question as several other individuals connected to Lawes are revealed to have plausible motives for the murder. Lawes' son Toby  is found to have been embezzling funds from his father to pay off a blackmailing ex-mistress; Toby's fiancée Eve , living directly opposite the murder scene, is investigated and found to have in her possession bloodstained clothing which she cannot satisfactorily explain away. Eve's ex-husband Ned  turns out to have a particular interest in a rare snuffbox from Lawes' personal collection which is discovered to be missing, and may have killed Lawes when disturbed in the process of burglary. Eve comes under particular scrutiny as it is considered she could have been an accomplice of either Toby or Ned. It falls to Kinross to unravel the actual chain of events and arrive at the correct solution."] ['FBI agent Jake Malloy is pursuing a serial killer who specializes in killing police officers. Malloy\'s former partner becomes one of the victims. While Malloy is at his partner\'s home, the murderer calls Malloy from Malloy\'s home while Mary, his girlfriend, is there. The killer tells Malloy that he pursued him four years before for a series of prostitute murders; he is holding a grudge and is going to kill Mary. Malloy rushes home to find Mary dead. When the killer\'s hideout is found, Seattle police and the FBI blockade the area before Malloy arrives. Malloy pursues the killer only to find that he appears to have committed suicide. Three months later, Malloy descends into alcoholism over Mary\'s murder. After Malloy slits his wrists in an unsuccessful suicide attempt, his best friend and supervising officer, Agent Chuck Hendricks, enrolls Malloy in a rehabilitation program designed for law enforcement officers. The clinic was formerly an abandoned military base. Dr. John "Doc" Mitchell, a former cop and recovering alcoholic, established the rehab center as a way of dealing with his own problems. Hendricks stays in Wyoming to ensure Malloy will be okay. Malloy meets several other officers who are patients in the clinic, including Peter Noah, an arrogant and paranoid ex-SWAT officer, Frank Slater, a cynical, opinionated British police officer, Willie Jones, a religious homicide detective, Jaworski, an alcoholic narcotics cop who attempted suicide, Lopez, a bad-mouthed LAPD officer and McKenzie, an elderly member of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who saw his partner get killed. He also meets several staff members, including Doc\'s assistant and mechanic Hank and compassionate resident psychiatrist and nurse Jenny Munroe, whom Malloy develops a bond with. A blizzard seals them in the rehab center with no outside communication. The next day, Jenny finds the body of Connor, one of the troubled patients who apparently killed himself. Jenny suspects otherwise, believing Connor would have come to her. The next morning Hank finds the body of Carl Brandon, another patient. Brandon also seems to have killed himself, but Malloy finds that he did not kill himself. Doc locks up the surviving patients while he reviews their files. Jenny informs Doc that Jack Bennett, a deranged employee who was a former patient in the clinic, is missing along with a snowmobile. Malloy convinces Jenny to lock her room. After Doc is killed by a man wielding an axe, everyone but Malloy and Jenny think Jack is the killer. Malloy opens the safe and hands the surviving cops their sidearms. Hendricks finds a body in a frozen lake, and learns from the owner of a nearby fishing shop that the victim was a cop. Hendricks and the owner of the shop return to the clinic. Hank, along with the clinic\'s cook Manny and helper Gilbert, volunteer to drive through the blizzard in a pickup truck to get outside help. Malloy wants Jenny to leave as well, but she refuses. While driving away, Hank sees something in front of him and veers away from it. The truck slides off the icy road, crashing into a tree at the bottom of a ravine. Malloy and Jenny hear the crash, and Malloy hands a gun to Jenny before investigating. Malloy finds Manny murdered after he survived the crash. Malloy also finds Jack\'s body, the object that caused Hank to crash the truck. Malloy is startled by Gilbert approaching behind him. Gilbert, alive but scared, flees while Malloy rushes back to the clinic. McKenzie, who is patrolling the old execution chamber, finds the machine activated. The killer electrocutes McKenzie, deactivating the building\'s power and heating system. Malloy forces everyone except Jenny to their cells as he realizes one of the cops is a killer impersonating a patient. Suspecting the man responsible is Mary\'s killer, Malloy exams Connor\'s body in the kitchen. Remembering the killer saying, "I see you, but you don\'t see me", Malloy looks inside Connor\'s eyelids and finds "I" on one eyelid and "CU" on the other. As Malloy and Jenny return to the cells, Hank, thinking Malloy might be the killer, knocks him out. He locks Malloy in Slater\'s cell and releases everyone else. Malloy finds a vent, but as he uses a matchbook to light the cell, Malloy learns it came from a Seattle restaurant, which reveals Slater as the killer as he is the only patient who smokes. Malloy escapes the cell and finds the missing badges above Slater\'s room, which he collects as trophies. After establishing his innocence, Malloy has Jones and Lopez conduct patrol while Jaworski stays with Jenny in the patient room. Malloy heads into tunnels beneath the facility. Hank, Noah and Slater go to the tunnels to retrieve logs for heating, unaware that Slater is the killer. Slater encounters them and convinces them to split up before killing each of them. As Malloy patrols the tunnels, Slater taunts him over a CB radio and lures Malloy to Noah\'s hung body where he finds the other radio. Slater is about to leave the clinic, but hears Jenny calling out Malloy\'s name. Malloy learns that Slater is at the tunnel\'s trap door and rushes to save her. Outside the installation, Hendricks and the fishing shop owner find Gilbert alive and bring him inside the snowcat before arriving at the rehab center. Hendricks sees Jenny\'s foot tracks and follows them. Jenny runs to a nearby shed, hiding from Slater. Malloy arrives, telling Jenny to stay inside the shed. Slater catches Hendricks before Malloy catches him from behind. Slater jumps into the shed and knocks Jenny out and wounds Hendricks. Malloy and Slater confront each other, with Malloy ultimately killing Slater. Jenny regains consciousness and helps the wounded Hendricks walk to the clinic with Malloy, whose left arm was stabbed during the fight, following them. Malloy stops for the moment and puts the ring where he was planning to propose Mary with on the tree breach before walking away from it.'] ["When Mr. Dashwood  dies, his wife and three daughters – Elinor , Marianne  and Margaret  – are left with an inheritance consisting of only £500 a year, with the bulk of the estate of Norland Park left to his son John  from a previous marriage. John and his greedy, snobbish wife Fanny  immediately install themselves in the large house; Fanny invites her brother Edward Ferrars  to stay with them. She frets about the budding friendship between Edward and Elinor and does everything she can to prevent it from developing. Sir John Middleton , a cousin of the widowed Mrs. Dashwood , offers her a small cottage house on his estate, Barton Park in Devonshire. She and her daughters move in, and are frequent guests at Barton Park. Marianne meets the older Colonel Brandon , who falls in love with her at first sight. Competing with him for her affections is the dashing but deceitful John Willoughby , whom Marianne falls in love with. On the morning she expects him to propose marriage to her, he instead leaves hurriedly for London. Unbeknownst to the Dashwood family, Brandon’s ward Beth, illegitimate daughter of his former love Eliza, is pregnant with Willoughby’s child, and Willoughby’s aunt Lady Allen has disinherited him upon discovering this. Sir John’s mother-in-law, Mrs. Jennings , invites her daughter and son-in-law, Mr. and Mrs. Palmer , to visit. They bring with them the impoverished Lucy Steele . Lucy confides in Elinor that she and Edward have been engaged secretly for five years, thus dashing Elinor’s hopes of a future with him. Mrs. Jennings takes Lucy, Elinor, and Marianne to London, where they meet Willoughby at a ball. He barely acknowledges their acquaintance, and they learn he is engaged to the extremely wealthy Miss Grey; Marianne is inconsolable. The clandestine engagement of Edward and Lucy also comes to light. Edward’s mother demands that he break off the engagement. When he refuses, his fortune is taken from him and given to his younger brother Robert . On their way home to Devonshire, Elinor and Marianne stop for the night at the country estate of the Palmers, who live near Willoughby. Marianne cannot resist going to see Willoughby's estate and walks a long way in a torrential rain to do so. As a result, she becomes seriously ill and is nursed back to health by Elinor after being rescued by Colonel Brandon. After Marianne recovers, the sisters return home. They learn that Miss Steele has become Mrs. Ferrars and assume that she is married to Edward. However, he arrives to explain that Miss Steele has unexpectedly wed Robert Ferrars and is thus released from his engagement. Edward proposes to Elinor and becomes a vicar, whilst Marianne falls in love with and marries Colonel Brandon."] ["Jack Lemmon stars as the playboy landlord Mr. Hogan, a swinging bachelor. Women are mere playthings to him, plus he's a master con man. His bachelor pad is a holy temple of seduction: blood-red walls, African sculptures, a well-stocked cocktail bar, and a switch-operated fireplace. He walks around wearing a scarlet blazer  and a devilish smirk. As the landlord of a Californian apartment block, he only rents rooms to gorgeous single women at just $75 a month. The film begins as Irene Wilson , a recently divorced tenant, has just concluded her relationship with Hogan. She's moving out of her apartment, which is immediately snapped up by her naïve niece, Robin Austin . Hogan is thrilled at the prospect of yet another beautiful tenant to seduce, but is initially unaware that Robin's short-tempered, eternally-frustrated, bumbling boyfriend David  will also be moving in. The temptation is naturally there, but Hogan does his best to prevent David and Robin from consummating their relationship. Irene, who has only lately come to realise the extent of Hogan's promiscuity, is determined to prevent him from getting his hands on her niece. Irene confronts him at his barber, and Hogan is self-defensive and self-deluded to comic effect. Murphy  and Dorkus  are two servants who work for Hogan. They are also married; much to Murphy's unhappiness."] ['In the Oklahoma Territory of the late 1880s, Gypsy Smith  is a gunslinger of African American and Cherokee descent. Smith helps African American homesteaders to settle the territory under the specter of Jim Crow. Meanwhile, a young Native American raised by Whites  must choose between the woman that he loves  or his Cheyenne heritage.'] ["The film starts in the small town of Endora, Iowa. Gilbert Grape  is busy caring for his mentally disabled brother, Arnie , as they wait for the many tourists' trailers to pass through town during their early camp ritual at a nearby recreational area. His mother, Bonnie  is morbidly obese after years of depression following her husband's suicide by hanging himself. She hasn't left the house in years, and is always found sitting on the sofa watching television. With Bonnie unable to care for them by herself, Gilbert has taken responsibility for repairing their shanty of a farmhouse while looking after Arnie, who has a habit of climbing up the town water tower if left unsupervised for too long. All the while his older sister Amy  and younger sister Ellen  slave away in the kitchen. The relationship between the brothers is one of care and protection. In order to cope with his frenetic life, Gilbert has taken on a secret love affair with a housewife, Betty , whilst her insensitive, unsuspecting husband Ken , is fully intent on selling Gilbert insurance for his family. A new chain supermarket has opened, threatening the small Lamson's Grocery store where Gilbert works, as well as threatening all the other small-time businesses in Endora. The chain supermarket stocks all kinds of goods, rendering many of the local shops redundant. While the family prepares for Arnie's upcoming 18th birthday party, a young woman named Becky  and her grandmother are stuck in town when their truck towing their trailer breaks down. Gilbert's unusual life circumstances threaten to get in the way of their budding romance. In order to spend time with Becky watching the sun set, Gilbert leaves Arnie alone in the bathtub by himself, believing he is now old enough to get out on his own. He returns home late and wakes up the following morning to find Arnie still in the bath, shivering in the now-cold water. He puts a towel around him but yet again Gilbert gets the blame for leaving him. Gilbert's guilt is compounded by his family's anger. As a result Arnie refuses to get near water, including the pond by Becky's trailer, and his fear causes him to become extremely dirty, adding to the many problems Gilbert faces. Betty's affair with Gilbert ends when she begins to make demands on him and tries to have sex with him while he's on the phone with her husband. Ken drowns after suffering a cardiac arrest and landing face down in his sons' wading pool. Many of the townspeople believe Betty killed her husband, despite the insistence of Gilbert's friend, Bobby McBurney , one of the town coroners, who believes he died of cardiac arrest. Besides Bobby, Gilbert is the only one who believed Betty didn't commit murder. She eventually leaves town in search of a new life. Becky bonds with Gilbert and Arnie and helps Gilbert reflect on his feelings. They become deeply involved in conversation until Gilbert realizes that Arnie is missing. He has returned to the water tower he is forever trying to climb and this time has succeeded at getting to the top. Arnie is arrested, compelling Bonnie, who has not left the house in seven years, to rush to the police station to demand his release, causing her appearance to be ridiculed by the townspeople. Later at home, Arnie wonders what is in a big box that Gilbert had left in the fridge. He finds a birthday cake and gets caught eating it, which Gilbert told him not to touch. Gilbert orders Arnie to take a bath as punishment, and Arnie resists when Gilbert tries to force him. Losing his temper, Gilbert strikes Arnie hard making him bleed. Appalled at himself and angry at his life in general, Gilbert drives away, leaving Endora. Arnie leaves the house to find Becky, who takes care of him. Gilbert returns to town and sees Arnie with Becky, who is able to get him to enter the lake. Arnie falls from a branch in a tree and goes in the lake, thus helping him overcome his fear of water. After Amy and Ellen come to Becky's and take Arnie home, Gilbert approaches Becky and the two talk about his own frustration and the reality of his father's death. The next day he returns home during Arnie's birthday party to apologize. Following Arnie's eighteenth birthday and meeting Becky for the first time, Bonnie climbs the stairs to her bedroom for the first time in years. That evening she passes away in her bed. Arnie tries to wake her, thinking that she is just playing. He soon realizes what has happened, runs out of the house and begins to hurt himself. As his sisters try to stop him, they realize that Bonnie has died. Jerry, the local sheriff, and his deputies tell the Grape family that they would need more men to get Bonnie's heavy corpse out of the house . After the police leave, Gilbert and his sisters soon cry over losing her. The siblings realize that her removal would draw a gawking crowd and want to protect their mother from being a spectacle. They empty the house except for their mother's body. Then Gilbert sets the house on fire, not willing to see a crane remove her and for the inevitable ridicule to ensue. One year later, Gilbert and Arnie are looking out again to watch the trailers pass. Through voice over, Gilbert tells of Amy getting a job offer to manage a bakery in Des Moines, and Ellen being thrilled to switch schools. Arnie chases the vehicles, arms flailing, excited to see Becky again. Along with Becky and her grandma, Gilbert and Arnie hit the road."] ["Michelle Jordan  is a young energetic 8-year-old girl whose mother, Cassy Jordan , goes after man after man, neglecting her child who has never met her father. Searching for love in all the wrong places, Cassy finds a man named Reggie , who seems to be the right man in Michelle and Cassy's life. But four short years later, at the age of 12, Michelle is raped and sexually abused by Reggie. Years later, Michelle , who is now all grown up, is left with bitterness in her heart and leaves home wanting to get away from all of her past memories. Being led astray, Michelle leads a life of stripping, prostitution, and drugs. But when Michelle goes to jail, everything changes and she leaves realizing she has to make a change in her life. On her way to beginning that new life, she runs into an old childhood friend named Todd, who gives her a ride to the halfway house where she will be living with a friend, Nicole, who will help her to get her life back on track. Unfortunately, on her way to starting her life over, she runs into some such familiar roadblocks as Reggie, her mother, and Pervis, her ex-pimp and drug supplier, and she begins to spiral backwards again. This time, though, she is invited to a revival and people like Bishop T.D. Jakes, her godmother Twana, her friend Nicole, and Todd try to help her maintain herself along the right path. But can Michelle give in and forgive the man who molested and raped her—or will she give out and go back to a life of hate and unforgiveness?"] ['In 1792, at the bloody height of the French Revolution\'s Reign of Terror, vengeful French mobs are outraged when again and again French aristocrats are saved from death by the audacious "Band of the Scarlet Pimpernel", a secret society of 20 English noblemen, "one to command, and nineteen to obey". Among the latest scheduled for execution are the Count de Tournay, former ambassador to Great Britain, and his family. However, one of the Scarlet Pimpernel\'s men visits them in prison disguised as a priest and gives them a message of hope. As the prisoners are being escorted to the cart to be taken to the guillotine, the guards take the count away; French leader Maximilien Robespierre wishes to question him further. The countess and her daughter are rescued and spirited away to England. Back in Paris, Robespierre meets with Chauvelin, the republic\'s new ambassador to Britain, to discuss the problem of the Scarlet Pimpernel. Summoning the Count de Tournay, they offer him his life in return for information from his English contacts as to the Pimpernel\'s true identity. The Scarlet Pimpernel is Sir Percy Blakeney, a wealthy English baronet and friend of the Prince of Wales. Sir Percy cultivates the image of a fop in order to throw off suspicion. His pose is so successful that not even his French wife Marguerite suspects the truth. Though the two are in love, Sir Percy no longer trusts his wife because of her past denunciation of the Marquis de St. Cyr, which led to the execution of the marquis and his family. Through his network of spies, Chauvelin discovers that Armand St. Just, Marguerite\'s brother, is one of the Scarlet Pimpernel\'s agents. Chauvelin orders Armand\'s arrest, then uses the threat of his execution to force Marguerite into helping him discover the identity of the Pimpernel, who he knows will be an upcoming ball. At the ball, Marguerite intercepts a message given to Sir Andrew Ffoulkes, a member of the Pimpernel\'s band, stating that the Pimpernel will be in the library at midnight. She passes the information along to Chauvelin, who goes to the library to find only Percy, apparently asleep. While waiting, Chauvelin falls asleep; when he wakes up, he finds a message from the Pimpernel mocking him. The next morning, Percy and Marguerite travel to their house in the country. There, Marguerite breaks down and tells her husband of Armand\'s arrest and her deal with Chauvelin. Confronting her, Percy learns the truth behind the denunciation of the marquis; he had her imprisoned for consorting with his son. After the revolution freed her, she told her friend Chauvelin, who was the one who denounced them. Promising to use his influence at court on Armand\'s behalf, Percy leaves for London. Afterward, Marguerite notices a detail on a portrait of the 1st baronet hanging in the library – on his finger is a ring decorated by a pimpernel. Realizing that she has inadvertently betrayed her own husband, she rushes out of the room, only to be presented a letter from Chauvelin announcing that he had discovered the Pimpernel\'s true identity as well. Racing back to London, she warns Ffoulkes that Percy\'s life is in danger. Ffoulkes agrees to mobilise the band to warn Percy. {{Quote box}} To lure Percy into his trap, Chauvelin has both Armand and the Count de Tournay transferred to Boulogne-sur-Mer. Despite the vigilance of Chauvelin\'s men, the Pimpernel frees the two men from prison through bribery. However, one of the prison guards tells Chauvelin that the Pimpernel will be at a certain tavern  that evening. Marguerite goes there to warn Percy, only to be arrested by Chauvelin and his troops. Percy arrives at the appointed time and is met by a gloating Chauvelin. Percy distracts him long enough for Armand and the count to board the ship, but as he prepares to leave, Chauvelin announces that he has Marguerite in custody. Percy surrenders on the condition that she be freed. He is led away by soldiers to be shot by a waiting firing squad. Chauvelin exults at the sound of gunfire, but Percy returns to the tavern very much alive, revealing that the men in uniform are in fact his. After securing Chauvelin in the basement, Percy joins his wife on the ship back to England.'] ["Young, well-intentioned Barry Kohler  stumbles upon a secret organization of Third Reich war criminals holding clandestine meetings in Paraguay and realizes that Dr Josef Mengele , the infamous Auschwitz doctor, is among their number. He phones Ezra Lieberman , an aging Nazi hunter living in Austria, with this information. A highly skeptical Lieberman tries to brush Kohler's claims aside, telling him that it is a long-established fact that Mengele is dead. Having learned when and where the next meeting to include Mengele is scheduled to occur, Kohler records part of it using a hidden microphone, but is discovered and killed while making another phone call to Lieberman. Aware that something is wrong, Lieberman follows Kohler's leads and begins travelling throughout Europe and North America to investigate the suspicious deaths of a number of middle-aged civil servants. He meets several of their widows and is amazed to find an uncanny resemblance in their adopted, black-haired, blue-eyed sons. It is also made clear throughout the film that, at the time of their deaths, all the civil servants were aged around 65 and had a cold, domineering, and abusive attitude towards their adopted sons, while their wives were aged around 42 and doted on the sons. Lieberman gains insight from Frieda Maloney , an incarcerated former Nazi guard who worked with the adoption agency, before realizing during a meeting with Professor Bruckner , an expert on cloning, the terrible truth behind the Nazi plan: Mengele, in the 1960s, had secluded several surrogate mothers in a Brazilian clinic and fertilised them with ova each carrying a sample of Hitler's DNA preserved since World War II. 94 perfect clones of Hitler had then been born and sent to different parts of the world for adoption. As Lieberman uncovers more of the plot, Mengele's superiors become more unnerved. After Mengele happens to meet  one of the agents he believes is in Europe implementing his scheme, Mengele's principal contact, Eduard Seibert , informs him that the scheme has been aborted before Lieberman can expose it to the authorities. Mengele storms out, pledging that the operation will continue. Seibert and his men go to set fire to Mengele's jungle estate after killing his servants and guards. Mengele himself, however, has already left, intent on trying to continue his plan. He travels to rural Lancaster County, Pennsylvania, where one of the Hitler clones, Bobby Wheelock , lives on a farm with his parents. There he murders the boy's father , a Doberman dog breeder, and lies in wait for Lieberman, who is on his way to the farm to warn Mr. Wheelock of Mengele's intention to kill him. The instant Lieberman arrives and sets eyes on Mengele, he attacks the doctor in a fury. But Mengele soon gains the upper hand and holds him at gunpoint. He taunts Lieberman by explaining his plan to return Hitler to the world. Then, with one desperate lunge, Lieberman opens the closet where the Dobermans are held and turns them loose. The dogs corner Mengele and begin to attack him. At that point, Bobby arrives home from school. It is Mengele's first look at one of his clones. Bobby calls off the dogs and tries to find out what has happened. Bobby can tell from the carnage that something is amiss. The injured Mengele tells Bobby how much he admires him, and explains that he is cloned from Hitler. But Bobby doubts his story and is also suspicious because the dogs are trained to attack anyone who threatens his family. Lieberman tells Bobby that Mengele has killed his father and urges him to notify the police. Bobby checks the house and eventually finds his dead father in the basement. He rushes back upstairs and sets the vicious dogs on Mengele once again, relishing his bloody death. Bobby then proceeds to help Lieberman, whom Mengele has shot and wounded, but only after Lieberman promises not to tell the police about the incident. Later, while recovering from his wounds, Lieberman is encouraged by an American Nazi-hunter, David Bennett  to expose Mengele's scheme to the world. He asks Lieberman to turn over the list  identifying the names and whereabouts of the other boys from around the world, so that they can be systematically killed before growing up to become bloody tyrants. Lieberman objects on the grounds that they are mere children. He burns the list before anyone can read it. In the final scene, Bobby is shown in his darkroom, absorbed and excited by photographs that he has taken of Mengele's body after it has been savaged by the dogs."] ['Sir Robert Chiltern is a successful Government minister, well-off and with a loving wife. All this is threatened when Mrs. Cheveley appears in London with damning evidence of a past misdeed. Sir Robert turns for help to his friend Lord Goring, an apparently idle philanderer and the despair of his father. Goring knows the lady of old and the plot to help his friend has unintended consequences.'] ['{{plot}} The Hand begins with comic strip artist Jon Lansdale as he\'s finishing up a famous work of his called "Mandro", a Prince Valiant/Conan The Barbarian type of character.  Lansdale is married to a beautiful woman named Anne  and they have a child named Lizzie . Anne apparently is bored with their life in Vermont and insists that she and Lizzie move to New York City so that she and Lansdale can "spend time alone." It appears their marriage is on shaky ground. This is brought up during a car ride in which Lansdale is infuriated by her suggestions and they argue. While they are driving, Anne and Lansdale end up behind a slow-moving truck and an impatient driver behind them. In the heat of argument, Anne, who is driving, gets distracted and pulls out from behind the truck. Another truck comes up in the other lane. Anne attempts to get back behind the other truck but the impatient driver has pulled up too far. Lansdale waves his hand to the impatient driver to move back, and when she does not and Anne has to slam on the brakes, his hand is caught behind the truck, which also stops. The hand is severed completely in a bloody, violent scene. Anne attempts to find the severed hand but it is too late. Lansdale then starts a painful adjustment to not having his right hand, which so happened to be his drawing hand. Anne also adjusts to her guilt of being responsible for the accident and tries to get closer with Lansdale. In a separate instance, he attempts to find the hand himself but does find his signet ring that Anne gave him. They move to New York and Lansdale is approached by his friend and agent Karen Wagner  to co-produce his comic strip with another cartoonist. But when the test boards are discovered marked up, the deal is off and Karen fires Lansdale. Lansdale, however, is certain HE did not mark them up and questions his daughter about the incident. He also loses the signet ring once again. During his recovery, Lansdale discovers that Anne has started moving away from him like before the accident. He becomes jealous of Anne\'s yoga instructor and also seems to begin a slow descent into darkness when an encounter with a homeless man  leaves the man dead at the "hand" of his former appendage. It\'s not entirely clear whether or not this was a real event or something in his mind. Lansdale also starts having hallucinations about different objects coming to life as a hand, like a shower faucet. After his final meeting with Wagner, Lansdale comes forth with his intention to take an offer to teach at a small community college in California. He proceeds to go forward with his plans and meets Brian Ferguson , a rough and rowdy country-and-western psychology instructor, who helps indoctrinate him with the college and the small town locale. He discovers soon that perhaps this was a disastrous move on his part after his first couple of weeks teaching. Another thorn in his side is Anne\'s decision not to move Lizzie and herself out with him. Although unintentional, Lansdale begins a strange affair with one of his students, Stella Roche , when she decides to show up at his house and strip for him. He starts showing his dark descent with an unshaven face and wild, uncombed hair, akin to Jack Torrance in The Shining. Lansdale becomes obsessed with Stella, buying her lacy lingerie for Christmas and insisting on knowing her whereabouts at all times. Stella, feeling smothered and unknown to Lansdale, makes plans to go away for two weeks with Brian. Brian, who knows nothing of the affair between Stella and Lansdale, drunkenly blurts their plans to Lansdale in the local bar. Soon, the image of Stella being strangled under the Christmas tree by the severed hand, pops into Lansdale\'s head. The hand apparently cleans up the mess by the time Lansdale, along with Anne and Lizzie, who have arrived to celebrate Christmas, show up at the house. Not long after, Lansdale once again ends up at the bar with Brian. Confused that Brian should be off on his two week vacation with Stella, Lansdale discovers that Brian has not seen Stella since the night she came to Lansdale\'s house. Brian, even in his drunken state, uncovers the affair between Stella and Lansdale. He is killed by the hand in his car after threatening to call the police on Lansdale about Stella\'s disappearance. It is now that Lansdale believes he controls the hand and it responds to his impulses and desires. He attempts to murder Anne so that he can have Lizzie to himself. While he makes a strong effort by having the hand kill her while she is driving to the grocery store in a rainstorm, she remains unharmed and returns safely. Later that evening, Lansdale argues with Anne and he leaves her room. Soon, screams are coming from Anne. Lansdale enters her room and discovers the hand strangling her and it attempts to escape by going out the window. Lizzie discovers her father over her mother and assumes he is hurting her. He convinces her otherwise and tells her to call the police. He, then, goes after the hand with a butcher\'s knife. After a lengthy struggle, he stabs the hand, but the hand gets away and after attempting something with the car, the hand starts to strangle him until he passes out. Lansdale awakens with his own hand  around his throat while the police are skulking around. The sheriff, with Lizzie in tow, and his deputies attempt to ask Lansdale what happened. While he attempts to explain and he discovers that Anne is not dead, the officers notice a pungent smell permeating the area in the carport around the car, specifically from the trunk. Lansdale tries to prove that nothing is wrong by opening the trunk, only to find Stella and Brian\'s dead bodies inside. Lansdale looks and screams in horror. The scene fades out and then into a green-painted room of a mental hospital with tons of electronic scanning and testing equipment around. Lansdale is strapped down in a chair with electrodes coming out of his head. An elderly woman , apparently a doctor or scientist, with a white labcoat on, is circling Lansdale, attempting to make sense of his rage and why he did what he did. She tries to make an effort with him by loosening the restraint on his mechanical hand and shakes it. She continually questions him about what he\'s feeling. He attempts to tell her that he sees the hand, which she insists is not real and that he did all the killing himself, coming closer to her neck. She laughs it off until the hand actually grabs her and strangles her, smashing her head against the concrete floor. Lansdale, completely taken over by the essence of the hand, looks at her and starts to laugh, loosens the restraint on the other hand and gets up.'] ['The film tells the story of Sissy Hankshaw , a woman born with a mutation  giving her enormously large thumbs. The film is a transgressive romp, covering topics from homosexuality and free love to drug use and political rebellion to animal rights and body odor and religions. Sissy makes the most of her thumbs by becoming a hitchhiker. Her travels take her to New York, where she becomes a model for a transvestite feminine hygiene products mogul who introduces her to the man whom she will marry, a staid Mohawk named Julian Gitche . In her later travels, she encounters, among many others, a sexually open cowgirl named Bonanza Jellybean  and an itinerant escapee from the Japanese internment camps happily mislabeled "The Chink" .'] ['Donna Trenton  is a frustrated housewife whose life is in turmoil after her husband Vic learns about her having an affair. Brett Camber  is a young boy and a son of a mechanic, Joe,  whose only companion is a St. Bernard named "Cujo." Cujo is bitten by a bat with rabies and his behavior begins to change. While the dog begins to succumb to the disease, Brett and his mother leave for Connecticut to visit his mother\'s sister. When Donna and her young son, Tad , drive out to the home where Cujo and the Cambers live, the gentle Cujo, now crazed by the disease, has killed Joe and the Cambers\' neighbor Gary Pervier. Making matters worse, their Ford Pinto car\'s alternator dies at the Cambers\' house. Donna and Tad are trapped inside the Pinto while the massive dog waits outside, attacking repeatedly, all while Vic is out of town on a business trip. The hot sun makes the conditions nearly unbearable, but Donna knows that certain death awaits them outside. Donna decides that she must do something before they both die from either heatstroke or dehydration, but the dog could be anywhere, however, and attempts at escape are foiled by repeated attacks by the mad dog, who tries to get into the car. The local Sheriff comes to the house, and, after a brief standoff, is himself killed by the massive dog. Donna decides that she must risk going outside to save Tad, but the dog jumps out from underneath the car and bites her in the leg, forcing her back into the car. Eventually, a badly wounded Donna makes an attempt to dash for the house but is attacked by Cujo, the only safety being the car. After a brutal struggle between the desperate mother and the relentless animal, Donna takes advantage of a momentary distraction and beats Cujo with a baseball bat several times until the bat breaks off, leaving only a jagged handle. The dog jumps at her, only to land on the broken handle, impaling him. Donna pushes the dog off and uses the sheriff\'s revolver to break open the windshield and retrieve Tad, as Cujo had broken all of the handles. Donna revives her son, who had passed out due to the extreme heat and dehydration. Cujo tears through the kitchen window and uses the last of his strength to try and kill the two. Before he can attack, Donna pulls out the Sheriff\'s pistol and shoots and kills Cujo. She joins her husband outside who has just arrived as the carnage ends and the credits roll.'] ['Fontaine Khaled  is the owner of a trendy disco who is now facing financial problems. At the same time, she also has to deal with the various men in her life, as well as the Mafia. The plot of the film differs slightly from that of the novel, particularly as to the ending.'] ['In southern California in 1984, 16-year-old high school student Todd Bowden  discovers that his elderly neighbor, Arthur Denker , is in reality Kurt Dussander&nbsp;— a former Obersturmbannführer in the SS who is now a fugitive war criminal hiding from justice. Bowden blackmails Dussander by threatening to turn him in to the police. However, the teenager is fascinated with Nazi atrocities perpetrated during World War II, and forces Dussander to share disturbing stories of what it was like working at Nazi extermination camps, and how it felt to participate in genocide. Bowden even purchases an SS uniform from a costume shop, and forces Dussander to wear it. When he spends more time with the old man, his grades suffer, he loses interest in his girlfriend, and he conceals his bad grades from his parents. In turn, the Nazi blackmails the young boy into studying to restore his grades, threatening to expose the boy\'s subterfuge and his dalliance with Nazism to his parents. Dussander even poses as Todd\'s grandfather and goes to an appointment with Bowden\'s school counselor Edward French . Talking about the war crimes affects both the old man and the young boy, and an intoxicated Dussander attempts to kill a cat in his gas oven but fails when it attacks him and escapes. Dussander also takes great pride in Bowden\'s unbelievable turnaround, going from near dropout to straight A\'s in a matter of weeks. One night, Dussander tries to kill a hobo who earlier had seen him in the uniform. When Dussander has a heart attack, he calls Bowden, who finishes the job, cleans up, and calls an ambulance for Dussander. At the hospital, Dussander is recognized by a death camp survivor sharing his room and he is arrested, prior to being extradited to Israel. Bowden graduates as his school\'s valedictorian and gives a speech about Icarus, saying, "All great achievements arose from dissatisfaction. It is the desire to do better, to dig deeper, that propels civilization to greatness." The scene is juxtaposed in a montage with Dussander\'s home being searched and the hobo\'s corpse being found in the basement. Bowden is briefly questioned about his relationship with Dussander, but he manages to convince the police that he knew nothing of the old man\'s true identity. At the hospital, Dussander hears a group of Neo-Nazis demonstrating outside the hospital; realizing his identity has been hopelessly compromised, he commits suicide by giving himself an air embolism. When French learns that the man who met him at school was not Bowden\'s grandfather but a war criminal, he confronts Bowden, who blackmails him into silence by threatening to accuse him of making inappropriate sexual advances towards him.'] ['The film opens with a series of photographs of the Stella Maris College\'s Old Christians Rugby Team. Carlitos Páez explains that the pictures were taken by his father and points out several members of the team, including himself as a young man, Alex Morales, Felipe Restano, Nando Parrado and the team\'s Captain Antonio Balbi. Carlitos then reflects on the accident in a brief monologue, speaking of heroism, the gravity of the situation and of solitude and faith. The story moves to October 13, 1972 as Uruguayan Air Force Flight 571 flies over the Andes. The raucous rugby players and a few of their relatives and friends are eagerly looking forward to the upcoming match in Chile. Nando\'s sister, Susana, praises the beauty of the mountains and happily observes that the plane will be landing in 20 minutes. However, after emerging from clouds, the plane encounters turbulence and collides with an unknown mountain peak. During the collision, the wing and tail are separated from the fuselage of the plane, and the remnants of the fuselage slide down a mountain slope before coming to a complete stop. Antonio, the team captain, takes charge of the situation, co-ordinating efforts to help his injured teammates. Roberto Canessa and Gustavo Zerbino, both medical students, are the first to address the injured. Six passengers and one flight attendant are killed when they are ejected from the plane, and another six die shortly afterward including both pilots, Alex, Nando\'s mom Eugenia, and an older couple. Nando, who sustained a head injury, falls into a coma and Susana suffers harsh internal injuries. As the sun sets, the survivors begin to make preparations for the night. Canessa discovers that the seat covers can be unzipped and used as blankets. The survivors go inside the fuselage and curl up beside one another to stay warm. Antonio, Roy Harley and Rafael Cano plug the gaping hole at the end of the fuselage with luggage to keep the wind out. Two passengers die during the night from their injuries including Mrs. Alfonsín, causing Carlitos to feel ashamed after earlier yelling at her as she moaned about the pain she had been experiencing. With nothing to hunt or gather on the mountain, Antonio declares they will use rationing when the survivors find a tin of chocolates and a case of wine. After seeing a plane dip its wing, the survivors celebrate. Expecting to be rescued the next day, everyone except Javier, his wife Liliana, and Antonio eat the remaining chocolates. The survivors listen to a radio for word of their rescue but are devastated to hear the search is called off after day nine. This causes a quarrel between Antonio and several others for eating the chocolate. Meanwhile, Nando regains consciousness through the care of Carlitos and Hugo Diaz. After learning of his mother\'s death, Nando watches over Susana vigilantly. Knowing that she will die of her injuries within a few days, he vows to set off on foot and find a way out of the mountains. When Carlitos reminds him that he will need food, Nando suggests consuming flesh from the corpses of the deceased Pilots to survive his journey to find help. Susana dies from her injuries. After great debate, the remaining passengers decide to eat the flesh of their dead companions in order to survive. Zerbino, Rafael and Juan Martino set off to search for the tail of the plane in hopes of finding the batteries for the plane\'s radio to transmit their location. Among pieces of the wreckage, the teammates find additional corpses, but return to the group with news that the tail of the plane is likely a little farther away. Later in the week, an avalanche hits the plane and floods the interior with snow. Most manage to climb out of the snow, but some are unable to escape; eight of the remaining survivors are smothered by the snow or freeze to death, including Antonio, Liliana and Juan; Liliana was the final of the five women aboard to die. A second team, made up of Nando, Canessa and Antonio "Tintin" Vizintin, finds the tail of the plane. Unable to bring the batteries to the fuselage, they return to the fuselage to get Roy, who is rumoured to have experience setting up electrical equipment. They bring him to the tail of the plane, where the batteries are, to see if he can fix the radio. When Roy is unsuccessful, the team returns to the fuselage once more. Federico Aranda and Alberto Antuna die from their injuries soon after and Rafael soon dies after from an illness, leading Nando to convince a reluctant Canessa to search for a way out of the mountains, taking "Tintin" with them. Two days into the journey, they send "Tintin" back to the fuselage so they can appropriate his rations and continue on. After a 12-day trek, the two escape the mountains and alert the authorities of their companions\' location. As helicopters land on the glacier, the other 14 survivors celebrate. The film then shifts to the present as Carlitos explains the survivors later returned to the site of the crash and buried the bodies of the dead under a pile of stones, marked with a cross, about half a mile away. The memorial is then displayed with the film\'s dedication to both the 29 deceased and 16 survivors.'] ["James Farrow  is a young student who discovers his girlfriend is pregnant and in a panic, pressures her and forces her to an illegal abortion. However, James' lover dies during the abortion due to the negligence of the abortionist and is left in a pit of grief and guilt and begins seeing demonic, ghostly visions of his deceased girlfriend and begins to visit the house where they had first met. Unable to live in the state any longer, James requests the help and advice of Professor Ambrose, a eerie man whose life has been shattered by multiple tragedies and unfortunate events in his family. Professor Ambrose is also tormented by visions of his deceased daughter in the haunted house where spirits are restless and vengeful."] ['The film follows the novel in presenting a first-person narrative from the point of view of Billy Pilgrim, who becomes "unstuck in time" and experiences the events of his life in a seemingly random order, including a period spent on the alien planet of Tralfamadore. Particular emphasis is placed on his experiences during World War II, including the bombing of Dresden in World War II, as well as time spent with fellow prisoners of war Edgar Derby  and the psychopathic Paul Lazzaro . His life as a husband to Valencia , and father to Barbara and Robert  are also depicted, as they live and sometimes even enjoy their life of affluence in Ilium, New York. A "sink-or-swim" scene with Pilgrim\'s father is also featured. The scenes of extraterrestrial life on Trafalmadore feature Hollywood starlet Montana Wildhack .'] ["After being snubbed before a weekend-getaway by his teaching assistant, socially awkward professor of history Tarl Cabot accidentally unlocks the magical properties of a ring which transports him to the planet Gor. After his arrival, Cabot encounters a village being attacked by the army of the tyrannical priest-king Sarm. Sarm's forces are invading neighboring settlements in an effort to retrieve the Home Stone, a mystical object that creates pathways between Gor and distant Earth. Cabot too is abruptly attacked by Sarm's warriors. After inadvertently killing Sarm's own son during the encounter, he is left for dead in the desert. He awakens to find himself being nursed back to health by Talena , a scantily clad barbarian princess of the Kingdom of Ko-ro-ba. Cabot learns that Talena's father, the King, has been captured by Sarm, along with the Home Stone. Cabot travels with Talena on a rescue mission to Sarm's lands, where they are captured. Cabot leads a group of rebels in an escape effort, whereupon Cabot is able to kill Sarm, rescue Talena and her father, and reacquire the Home Stone. Tarl et al. return to Ko-ra-ba, where, after Cabot and Talena admit their love for one another, Cabot accidentally activates the Home Stone, and is returned to Earth.Answers.com plot summaryCracked: The Most Ridiculous Nerd Fantasy Ever FilmedBondage Erotica plot summary"] ['A career bank robber, Jack Foley , and a U.S. Marshal, Karen Sisco , are forced to share her car trunk during Foley\'s escape from a Florida prison. After he completes his getaway, Sisco chases Foley while he and his friends—his right-hand man, Buddy , and their unreliable associate, Glenn —work their way north to Bloomfield Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit. There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley , who foolishly bragged to them years before about a cache of uncut diamonds hidden in his home. A vicious criminal named Maurice Miller  who also spent time in jail with Jack and Ripley is planning on hitting up Ripley\'s mansion with his own crew, including Kenneth  and White Boy Bob . A romantic interlude between Foley and Sisco takes place in a Detroit hotel, but the question of whether she is really pursuing Foley to arrest him or for love ends in a showdown during the robbery and adds to "the fun" Foley claims they are having.'] ["The bucolic beauty of Greece's Ionian islands has been invaded by Italy, bringing a large Italian garrison and a few Germans to the tranquil island of Cephallonia, which immediately surrenders. Captain Antonio Corelli, a Greek-speaking officer of the infantry division 'Acqui' with an irrepressibly jovial personality and a passion for the mandolin, and who trains his battery of men - who have never fired a shot - in choral singing, initially alienates a number of the villagers, including Pelagia. The daughter of the village doctor, Pelagia is an educated and strong-willed woman, and while at first offended by the Italian soldier's behaviour, she slowly warms to his certain charm as they are forced to share her father's home when the doctor agrees to put him up in exchange for medical supplies. When Pelagia's fiance, Mandras, a local fisherman, heads off to war on the mainland, the friendship between Antonio and Pelagia grows. Her beauty and intelligence have captured his heart and his fondness for the village's vibrant community causes him to question his reasons for fighting. Antonio and his battery of musical troops become part of the lives of the villagers, but the moment is fleeting. As the war grows closer, Antonio and Pelagia are forced to choose between their allegiances and the love they feel for one another - a love which must overcome tremendous odds, and endure the inevitable sacrifice which accompanies devotion. The Italian government surrenders to the Allies, and the Italian troops happily prepare to go home. However, their erstwhile allies the Germans insist on disarming the Italians, intemperately and violently. The Greeks are exposed to the brutal incoming Germans, and arrange with the Italians to use their arms in a brief and futile resistance. For this, the German High Command has thousands of the Italian troops shot as traitors. Corelli survives when one of his soldiers throws himself across him, and Mandras takes him to Pelagia and the doctor to recover, and then to a boat to escape the island. Pelagia discovers that Mandras did not reply to her letters because he is illiterate, and they part. In 1947, Pelagia receives a parcel from Italy containing a record of the tune Corelli wrote for her, but no note. An earthquake destroys much of the village and the doctor's house, but island life continues, and eventually Corelli returns to Pelagia."] ["Gabriel Noone , a popular gay New York City radio show host, is dealing with a separation from his partner, Jess . Noone is given a memoir written by teenager Pete Logand , who chronicles the many years of sexual abuse he suffered at the hands of his parents and their friends. Diagnosed with AIDS, the youth has been adopted by Donna Logand , the social worker who handled his case. Noone begins a telephone relationship with the boy and Donna. He and Pete become increasingly close and form a father-son relationship, much to the dismay of Jess, especially after he speaks to Donna and suspects she and the boy are the same person. Noone's personal secretary Anna adds fuel to the fire by discussing her research into people who fabricate stories for attention or love. Determined to prove the boy exists and his story is true, Noone decides to pay a surprise visit to him in his hometown in rural Wisconsin. Noone discovers the return address on Peter's correspondence is actually a mail drop. Soon after, while eating in a local diner, he overhears another patron and recognizes her voice as that of Donna. He's stunned to learn she's blind and uses a guide dog. Noone follows her home and Donna senses he has followed her. She invites him into her home and talks openly about Peter, who she says is currently in the hospital undergoing tests. She assures him he can visit the boy the following day, then suddenly becomes angry and tells him she will not allow him to meet her son. Increasingly suspicious, Noone contacts all the hospitals in Madison, the site of the nearest facilities, but none have the boy registered as a patient. Gabriel's paranoia about the boy's existence grows and, hoping to find proof of his existence, he breaks into Donna's home. A police officer arrests him for breaking and entering and then, mistakenly believing him to be one of the boy's abusers, attacks him with a stun baton before taking him to the station. Noone convinces the police he meant no harm and is released, only to find Donna waiting for him with the news that Pete has died and was staying in a Milwaukee hospital, not one in Madison. Distressed that Noone doesn't believe her, Donna collapses in the middle of a road and tries to hold him with her in the path of an oncoming truck. She then moves everything out of her home and disappears before the police can question her. Noone is now convinced that the boy is a figment of the deranged woman's imagination. In response to a phone call from Donna, Gabriel goes to a motel where she was staying, and finds Pete's stuffed rabbit and a videotape under a blanket. He plays the video of a child, who seems to be Pete, but who could have been anyone. The phone rings and the caller claims to be the boy, waiting for his mother at the airport. Gabriel asks some questions after finding out that his mother lied about his death, but the caller ends the conversation after Gabriel asks what happened in Donna's past and how she became blind. In the final moments of the conversation Pete's voice changes to sound more womanly, just as the conversation is cut off. Gabriel returns to Manhattan and uses his experience to create The Night Listener, a new radio story. In the final scene, Donna is searching for a new home in a coastal town, telling the realtor she needs it for herself and her sick child, who has just lost his leg but will be released the next day. She has drastically changed her appearance and no longer has a guide dog or dark glasses, revealing her blindness was also an act."] ['Helen MacFarquhar , a middle-aged bookseller, having recently divorced and after sending her daughter off to summer camp, and her nagging ex-husband trying to convince her to pay for some of their daughter\'s activities is ready to move on to the next stage in her life. One morning, as she is going through the mail, she discovers an anonymous blue love letter, without an envelope and a name. Having discovered this letter in her mail, in her bookstore, she naturally thinks it is for her. But the only question is, who is it from? At first, she thinks it is from George Matthias, the local fireman, but decides it couldn\'t be him, after trying to give him subtle hints  Not having any idea who may be the writer of the love letter, she just puts it away in her purse and tries to forget about it. Then, Johnny, a college student who has a summer job working in Helen\'s bookstore, is invited to her house for dinner. During dinner she puts two wine glasses and a bottle next to her purse, which has the letter in it. By mistake, and not noticing it, Helen accidentally knocks the letter out of the purse. While in the kitchen cooking, she tells Johnny to have some wine. Johnny comes across the letter, and is struck by it. He mistakenly thinks it is from Helen! Later that night, he begins to "peel an orange", a line from the letter. Seeing his hint, Helen rushes into the house and says goodnight. Johnny leaves. In the next few weeks, Johnny and Helen meet and begin an affair, each thinking the other wrote the letter. Helen goes to the bookstore, and brings the letter with her. She leaves her purse on the desk. Then, Helen\'s manager, Janet Hall , arrives. Helen decides not to tell her about the letter just yet. While she is upstairs working, George comes in with new smoke detectors for the store. Janet accepts them, but the desk collapses, along with Helen\'s purse, which contains the letter. In all the chaos, the letter is mixed in with the instruction manuals for the smoke detectors. George, before leaving, says "Make sure you read the manuals first." Then, Janet opens the manual, and the letter falls out. She reads it and thinks it is from George. Later that day, Janet rushes over to tell Helen about the letter. But Helen, not knowing how to say it, just takes it and says "It\'s mine". Janet, angry at Helen for not having faith in her happiness, quits her job as manager. Amidst all the confusion, it is revealed that the letter was actually written by Helen\'s mother\'s lover, another woman. Early in her life, Helen\'s mother fell in love with a woman who wrote her a letter expressing her love. Considering the conservative time period and social stigma, the relationship was never to be, but Helen\'s mom had kept the letter to help her remember her past. All the confusion is cleared up and Helen connects with her mom when she tells her about her past affair.'] ["Harvey Cheyne  is the spoiled son of an indulgent absentee father, business tycoon Frank Burton Cheyne . He is shunned by his classmates at a private boarding school, and eventually suspended for the remainder of the term due to bad behavior. His father realizes that the boy needs closer attention and guidance, so he takes his son with him on a business trip to Europe via a trans-Atlantic steamship. En route, Harvey, as a result of another display of arrogance, falls overboard in the area of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland. He is rescued by a Portuguese-American fisherman, Manuel Fidello , and taken aboard the fishing schooner We're Here. Harvey fails to persuade captain Disko Troop  to take him ashore, nor can he convince him of his wealth. However, the captain offers him a low-paid job as part of the crew until they return to port three months later. With no other choice, Harvey eventually accepts. Befriended by Captain Troop's son, Dan , he begins to learn the ways of working at sea. Under the guidance of Manuel, and observing his equally tough crew-mates, Harvey thrives, coming to learn that his former practices of cheating, bragging and whining are not an acceptable way of life. He also finds the father figure in Manuel he never had with his own father, and pleads with Manuel to allow him to remain on the We're Here after their return. In the climactic race back to the Gloucester port against a rival schooner, the Jennie Cushman, Manuel volunteers to climb to the top of the mast to furl the sail, but is mortally injured when the mast cracks and he is plunged into the water, caught irreversibly in the tangled rope and the topsail canvas. Manuel is cut loose of the ropes to sink below the surface to his death, and Harvey loses his surrogate father and best friend. Eventually, the schooner returns to port and Harvey is reunited with his father. Rushing to the fishing town of Gloucester, Massachusetts, Harvey's father is surprised to find that his self-centered child has become mature and considerate. Harvey refuses to be comforted by his father, preferring to mourn for Manuel alone, but eventually comes around."] ['The plot centres on a secret 1968 East-West agreement to halt nuclear proliferation. One of the clauses, the Fourth Protocol, forbids the non-conventional delivery of a nuclear weapon to a target. MI5 agent John Preston  breaks into the residence of British government official George Berenson  on New Year\'s Eve and finds a number of top secret NATO files that should not have been there. He reports his findings to high-ranking British Secret Service official Sir Nigel Irvine , who deals with the leak. However, Preston\'s unauthorized action has embarrassed the acting-Director of MI5, Brian Harcourt-Smith , so as punishment for his insubordination, Preston is relegated to lowly "Airports and Ports". Meanwhile, KGB agent Major Valeri Petrofsky  is sent on a mission to England personally by General Govershin , the head of the KGB. One of Govershin\'s subordinates, Borisov , complains to his old friend General Karpov , about his espionage department being stripped of resources and personnel, particularly his star agent Petrofsky. The surprised Karpov quietly investigates and learns about Petrofsky\'s unsanctioned mission – to violate the Fourth Protocol by assembling and detonating an atomic device so that it will appear to be a nuclear accident at an American base. It is intended to strain Anglo-American relations and strengthen the anti-nuclear movement in advance of an election. In Glasgow, a Russian sailor is struck by a truck while fleeing from a port guard. Among the dead man\'s possessions, Preston finds a disk of polonium, which can only be a component of a detonator for an atomic bomb. He informs Harcourt-Smith, but is promptly suspended, as Harcourt-Smith believes that Preston is manufacturing a fake incident to work his way back into MI5. Luckily however, Preston has the confidence of Sir Bernard Hemmings , the gravely-ill Director of MI5, as well as Irvine who is happy to side-step Harcourt-Smith\'s directives. Preston sets to work and eventually comes across Winkler , a known Czech KGB agent, and tails him from the airport. Meanwhile, Petrofsky meets another KGB agent, Irina Vassilievna , a bomb expert who pretends to be his wife. Under her guidance, they assemble the device from seemingly-harmless items; She sets it on a two-hour delay per their instructions. Later, unbeknownst to Petrofsky, Vassilievna follows her own orders, resetting the delay to zero. After sleeping with Petrofsky, she finds his own secret order to liquidate her and tries to warn him about the double-cross, but he kills her before she can. Afterwards, Petrofsky is observed contacting Winkler. Preston tracks him to Ipswich, loses him, then finds him again. Preston eventually realises that Petrofsky\'s target is RAF Baywaters, and locates Petrofsky\'s house, which lies right next to the base. When Petrofsky starts to activate the bomb, on an impulse, he checks the timer first and realises he has been betrayed. At that moment, British agents storm the house. After a desperate struggle, Preston subdues and disables Petrofsky. However, to Preston\'s outrage, another agent cold-bloodedly executes Petrofsky, explaining afterwards that he had orders to do so. Hemmings dies. At his funeral, Preston is unsurprised to find Irvine secretly meeting with General Karpov. Preston had become suspicious when known KGB agent Winkler was used as a courier, making it easy to follow him, and also when Petrofsky was killed instead of being captured for questioning. He surmised that discrediting Govershin would benefit the two men he sees before him. However, Preston does not see any point in exposing them and leaves after expressing his contempt for their cynical powerplay.'] ['Aurora  and Emma Greenway Horton  are mother and daughter, both searching for deep romantic love. Beginning with Emma\'s early childhood, Aurora reveals how difficult and caring she can be by nearly climbing into Emma\'s crib in order to make sure her daughter is breathing—only to be reassured once Emma starts crying . The two have an extremely close love-hate mother/daughter relationship as Emma grows up. The film follows both women across several years as each find their reasons for going on living and finding joy. Emma gets married immediately upon graduating High School in the Houston area, while her best friend Patsy  continues on to college, eventually becoming successful and rich in New York City. Emma has two children that she and her husband, college professor Flap Horton , struggle to support in Des Moines, Iowa, and she later telephones her mother and asks for money when she is pregnant with her third child. Aurora, not knowing by the telephone call that Emma is already several months pregnant, wants Emma to get an abortion. Emma\'s once-passionate marriage to Flap becomes strained, thanks mostly to his philandering, and she finds a lover in small-town, older banker Sam Burns , with whom she eventually has a romantic love affair as well. At the same time, Aurora cultivates the attention of several gentlemen in the area, some rather bizarre, but is attracted to her next door neighbor of fifteen years, the philandering, retired astronaut Garrett Breedlove . Garrett has been drinking heavily for years and partied with very young women at his home. Aurora and Garrett eventually go on a lunch date, make love and develop a tenuous relationship. One scene shows them speeding in his open Corvette convertible along a quiet beach as he recklessly sits on top of the car and steers with his foot. Emma returns to her mother\'s home in Houston after discovering her husband is having an affair with a young grad student named Janice, who attends the same college where Flap teaches. However, Emma\'s appearance along with her three children spooks Garrett, who has been single for a long time. After re-assessing his relationship with Aurora, Garrett breaks up with her, greatly upsetting Aurora. While Emma is in Houston, Flap telephones her and she reluctantly returns home to Iowa, attempting reconciliation with him. Both accept that they have each made mistakes. Emma ends the relationship with Sam after Flap accepts a new teaching position in Kearney, Nebraska. Although she does not want to, Emma agrees to relocate to further Flap\'s career. However, Emma soon discovers that Janice is attending the same college where Flap now works, realizing that Flap followed her to Nebraska. With her daughter in a stroller, Emma confronts Janice before taking her daughter to the doctor\'s office so both can get flu shots. While administering the injection, Emma\'s doctor notices two large lumps under her armpit. Although Emma is only in her 30s, the doctor orders a biopsy and discovers she has a "malignancy." Emma\'s childhood friend Patsy invites her to New York City for her first vacation without her children. However, after arriving, Emma feels out-of-place amongst Patsy\'s friends and returns home early to begin treatment for her illness. Later, her doctor informs her that the drugs she was taking did not "have the desired effect," and that she will not survive her illness. Flap and Aurora remain by her bedside in the hospital for weeks. Although devastated and exhausted, Aurora is still very supportive and loving towards Emma. Garrett flies to Lincoln, Nebraska and surprises Aurora, and the two proclaim their love for each other. After a discussion in the hospital cafeteria between Aurora and Flap, in which Aurora tells him he doesn\'t have the energy for a job, chasing women, and managing a family, Aurora tells Flap she will raise his and Emma\'s children in Houston. Although Patsy, who has no children of her own, wants to adopt Melanie, Flap and Emma do not want their children to be separated. Emma, not wanting Janice to raise her children and Flap, feeling like a failure as both a father and a husband, agree that living with Aurora is best for their children. As Emma\'s time begins to run short, Teddy shows open resentment toward his mother due to circumstances such as social class, fights between his parents, and Teddy\'s perception of feeling unloved. Emma reassures all three children they are loved, and after an altercation with Aurora, Teddy weeps in her arms. Emma dies later that night. Following Emma\'s funeral, Emma and Aurora\'s friends and family gather in Aurora\'s back yard for a wake. Garrett shows love toward each of Emma\'s children and helps Teddy cope during the wake. The film closes on Aurora, sitting next to her grandchild Melanie.'] ["A former police detective in New Orleans and a recovering alcoholic, Dave Robicheaux is living a quiet life in the swamplands of Louisiana with his wife Annie. The couple's tranquility is shattered one day when a drug smuggler's plane crashes in a lake, right before their eyes. Robicheaux succeeds in rescuing a lone survivor, a Salvadoran girl, whom he and Annie quickly adopt and name Alafair. With the arrival of a DEA officer named Dautrieve and an inherent connection to Bubba Rocque, the leading drug kingpin in the area and Robicheaux's childhood friend from New Iberia, Dave becomes involved in solving the case and consequently finds himself and his family in danger. Robicheaux is assaulted by two thugs as a warning. With help from his former girl-friend Robin, an exotic dancer who still has feelings for him, he continues to investigate. His longtime acquaintance Bubba denies any involvement, but Dave warns him and Bubba's sultry wife Claudette that he is going to find out who is behind all this and do something about it. He tracks down one of the men who attacked him, Eddie Keats, and splits his head open with a pool cue in Keat's own bar. Killers come to the Robicheaux home late one night. Robicheaux is unable to prevent his wife Annie from being killed. He falls off the wagon and neglects the young girl they adopted. Robin comes to stay with them. Clearing his head, Robicheaux seeks vengeance against the three killers. He first goes after a large man called Toot, chasing him onto a streetcar and causing his death. Bubba and Claudette reassure a local mob boss named Giancano that they will not let this vendetta get out of hand, and Bubba gets into a fistfight with Robicheaux, falsely suspecting him of an affair with Claudette. Eddie Keats is found dead before Robicheaux can get to him. Going after the last and most dangerous of the killers, Victor Romero, he knows that someone else must be giving them orders. He finds Romero and kills him. Then, going to Bubba's home, Robicheaux discovers that it is Claudette who planned the hit. Bubba shoots her, and Robicheaux calls in the crime."] ["Dr. Ralph Wyman  and his wife, Marian , meet another couple, Stuart and Claire Kane  at a concert and make a spontaneous Sunday dinner date, but both marriages show their cracks over the weekend. While Ralph and Marian Wyman avoid a taboo topic that is undermining their marriage, Stuart goes on a fishing trip with some buddies  and they discover a dead body in the water. Upon his return, Claire is horrified to discover that Stuart and his buddies left the girl in the water until the end of the weekend so they could continue fishing. Meanwhile, waitress Doreen Piggot , whose husband Earl  is a verbally abusive alcoholic, accidentally hits young Casey Finnigan  with her car. When the little boy walks away from the accident, she assumes he is all right, but never learns of the fatal consequences, or the harassment his parents, Howard  and Ann Finnigan , must face from the local baker  who is livid because Casey's birthday cake was never picked up. Howard's estranged father, Paul Finnigan  drops by the hospital after a 20-year absence and relates the story of his own infidelity. Doreen's daughter, Honey , is married to Bill Bush , a man aroused by sadism. Their party buddies, Lois  and Jerry Kaiser , face marital problems of their own, as Lois earns her living as a phone-sex operator, leaving Jerry  with a wife whose attitude toward sex is indifferent at best. Gene Shepard  is a corrupt cop who cheats on his wife, Sherri , and seems oblivious to the fact that his wife long ago had discovered his secret—and just does not care. Gene's mistress is realtor Betty Weathers , and Sherri's ultimate confidante is Marian, her sister. These stories are woven together with musical bridges performed by Zoe , a depressed cellist, and her embittered, jazz singer mother, Tess , who live next to the Finnigans."] ["Barry Champlain, a Jewish radio personality in Dallas, Texas, is a host with a caustic sense of humor and a knack for cutting people down with his controversial politically liberal views. Champlain's radio show is about to go nationwide. A former suit salesman, he achieves his rise to fame through a guest shot on the Jeff Fisher radio show. He is subsequently given his own show. Barry has a substantial number of hostile callers trying to intimidate him and sometimes receives threatening fan mail, such as when one caller makes a bomb threat. His rise to fame is accompanied not only with attention from radical elements, but also with the alienation of his wife."] ["Newspaper heiress Grace Caldwell's nymphomania threatens to destroy the reputation of her staid, wealthy Pennsylvania family. As a precocious teenager, she succumbs to the advances of her older brother Brock's friend Charlie Jay, a decision that apparently ignites her passion for all men. After a series of meaningless dalliances with strange men in cheap motel rooms, she meets San Francisco real estate broker Sidney Tate at a Christmas party. The two fall in love and he proposes marriage, prompting Grace to confess about her past. Despite being taken aback by her candid revelations, Sidney still wants to marry her, and she commits herself to a monogamous relationship, a pledge she keeps for the first few years of their union, which produces a son and a seemingly idyllic life on a farm. Problems ensue when lusty contractor Roger Bannon, the son of one of her mother's former servants, arrives to repair their barn and seduces Grace. When she eventually tries to end the affair, he becomes enraged, gets drunk, and accidentally crashes his truck, killing himself. Reports of his death include details about his tryst with Grace, prompting her husband to wonder if she also is involved with newspaper editor Jack Hollister, a suspicion shared by Jack's wife Amy. Brandishing a gun, she publicly confronts Grace at a charity event and attempts suicide but is rescued by Sidney who, realizing that Grace never will change, decides the time has come to begin a new life with his son and leaves his wife."] ['During a trip to a windswept beach, Maurice Hall, an 11-year-old schoolboy, receives instructions about the "sacred mysteries" of sex from his teacher, who wants to explain to the fatherless boy the changes he would experience in puberty. Years later, in 1909, Maurice is attending Cambridge, where he strikes a friendship with two fellow students: the aristocratic Lord Risley and the rich and handsome Clive Durham. Durham falls in love with his friend and surprises Maurice by confessing his feelings. At first, Maurice does not react favorably to the revelation. Soon, however, he realizes that he reciprocates his friend\'s feelings. The two friends embark in a love affair but, at Clive\'s insistence, their relationship remains platonic. To go further, in Durham\'s opinion, would diminish them both. Clive, a member of the upper class, has a promising future ahead of him and does not want to tarnish his future. Their close relationship continues after Maurice is expelled from Cambridge, and begins a new career as a stockbroker in London. The two friends keep their feelings secret, but are frightened when Lord Risley is arrested and sentenced to six months hard labor after soliciting sex from a soldier. Clive, afraid of being exposed as a homosexual, breaks with Maurice. After his return from a trip to Greece, Clive, under pressure from his widowed mother, marries a naive rich girl named Anne, and settles into placid domesticity. Heartbroken, Maurice looks for help from the family physician, Dr Barry, who dismisses Maurice\'s doubts as "rubbish". Maurice then turns to Lasker-Jones, who tries to cure his homosexual longings with hypnosis. During his visits to Clive\'s estate of Pendersleigh, Maurice attracts the attention of Alec Scudder, the under-gamekeeper who is due to emigrate with his family to Argentina. Maurice not only fails to notice Scudder\'s interest in him, but initially treats him with contempt. This does not discourage Scudder, who spies on Maurice at night. Simcox, the butler at Pendersleigh, suspecting the true nature of Maurice and Clive\'s past relationship, gave some clues to Scudder. On a rainy night, Scudder boldly climbs a ladder and enters Maurice\'s bedroom through an open window. Scudder kisses Maurice, who is completely taken by surprise, but does not resist his advances. After their first night together, Maurice, after receiving a letter from Scudder proposing they meet at Pendersleigh\'s boathouse, believes that Scudder is blackmailing him. Maurice returns to Lasker-Jones, who warns Maurice that England is a country which "has always been disinclined to accept human nature". When Maurice fails to appear at the boathouse, Scudder travels to London to find him. Maurice and Scudder meet at the British Museum and the blackmail misunderstanding is resolved. Maurice begins to call Scudder by his first name, Alec. They go to a hotel room. However, their prospects for a long-term relationship seem dim. Alec is leaving for Argentina. Maurice decides to give Alec a sendoff. He is taken aback when he does not find Alec at the port. Maurice goes to Pendersleigh and talks to Clive, telling him about Alec. Clive, who was hoping that Maurice would marry, is bewildered after hearing what has transpired. The two friends depart and Maurice goes to the boathouse looking for Alec, who is there waiting for him. Scudder tells him that he sent a telegram to Maurice stating that he was to come to the boathouse. Alec has left his family, and his plans to emigrate, to stay with Maurice, telling him, "Now we shan\'t never be parted."'] ['In 1954, two U.S. Marshals, Edward "Teddy" Daniels and his new partner, Chuck Aule, travel to the Ashecliffe Hospital for the criminally insane on Shutter Island located in Boston Harbor, as part of an investigation on the disappearance of patient Rachel Solando, incarcerated for drowning her three children. Shortly after arrival, a storm prevents their return to the mainland for several days. Daniels finds the staff confrontational: the lead psychiatrist, Dr. John Cawley, refuses to hand over records of the hospital staff; Solando\'s doctor, Dr. Sheehan, had left on vacation after her disappearance, and they are barred from searching Ward C and told that the lighthouse on the island has already been searched. Daniels starts having migraine headaches, waking visions of his involvement in the Dachau massacre, and disturbing dreams of his wife, Dolores Chanal, who was killed in a fire set by arsonist Andrew Laeddis. In one dream, Chanal tells Daniels that Solando is still on the island, as is Laeddis. Daniels later explains to Aule that locating Laeddis was an ulterior motive for taking the case. As Daniels and Aule continue their investigation, they find that Solando has been found by the staff with no explanation. With neither the staff or patients helping, Daniels decides to break into Ward C, and eventually meets George Noyce, another patient. Noyce warns Daniels that Ashecliffe is performing questionable experiments on its patients, and sends the incurable to the lighthouse to be lobotomized. As Daniels leaves, Noyce asserts that everyone on the island, including Aule, is playing in a game designed for Daniels. Daniels regroups with Aule and they make their way to the lighthouse, but as they attempt to traverse the cliffs, they become separated. Daniels finds a woman hiding in a cave, claiming to be the real Rachel Solando . The woman asserts she was a former psychiatrist at Ashecliffe until she discovered the experiments with psychotropic medication in an attempt to develop mind control techniques. When she attempted to alert the authorities, she was committed as a patient. Leaving the woman, Daniels finds no sign of Aule, and returns to the hospital. Dr. Cawley claims that Daniels arrived alone, with no evidence of Aule ever being there. Determined but confused, Daniels returns to the lighthouse and breaks into it. At the top, he finds Dr. Cawley waiting for him. Cawley explains that "Daniels" is really Andrew Laeddis, incarcerated after killing his wife after she drowned their children. According to Dr. Cawley, the events of the past several days have been designed to break Laeddis\' conspiracy-laden insanity by allowing him to play out the role of Daniels, an anagram of his name. The hospital staff, including Dr. Sheehan posing as Aule, were part of the test, and the migraines that Laeddis suffered were withdrawal symptoms from his medication. The memory of killing his wife briefly returns to Laeddis, and he passes out. Laeddis awakes in the hospital, under watch of Dr. Cawley and Sheehan. When questioned, Laeddis can provide the details of how he killed his wife, stating that he is responsible for the death of his children by not getting help for his wife, which satisfies the doctors as a sign of progression; Dr. Cawley notes that they had achieved this state nine months before but Laeddis had quickly regressed. The doctor further warns that this will be Laeddis\' last chance. Some time later, Laeddis relaxes on the hospital grounds with Dr. Sheehan, and begins talking to him again as US Marshal "Daniels" and saying they need to expose the conspiracy of Ashecliffe to the world. Recognizing this as a sign of regression, Dr. Cawley orders Laeddis to the lighthouse to be lobotomized; as he is taken away, Laeddis asks Dr. Sheehan, "Which would be worse? To live as a monster, or die as a good man?", and then calmly leaves with the orderlies.'] ['= A colonel\'s mousy wife writes a book of poetry under a pseudonym but is immediately unmasked by the papers. The colonel does not read the poetry  and is surprised when a friend says it is "not suitable for children." Another friend says it has "naked, earthy passion" and compares it to Sappho. The book is a success and sells "like hot-cakes," becoming the talk of the town. Even the colonel\'s mistress has an interest in it. After listening to much talk about how “sexy” the book is, the colonel finally asks his mistress to borrow her copy, then insists she tell him about it. The book is about a middle-aged woman falling in love with, and having an affair with, a younger man, told in the first person. After a torrid affair, the younger man dies. The mistress says it is so vivid that it must be based on a real experience, but the colonel insists his wife is “too much of a lady,” and that it must be fiction. Still, he is tortured by the insinuation that is could be true but is too afraid to ask his wife about it. Eventually, of course, sensing his unease, she tells him the passion was based on his love for her, as it was when they were young. She blames herself for the “death” of that love. They end in an embrace.'] ["Young actress Julie Sawyer  accidentally runs over a stray white German Shepherd dog one night. After the dog is treated by a vet, Julie takes him home while trying to find its owners. A rapist breaks into her house and tries to attack her, but the dog protects her so she decides to adopt him, against her boyfriend's  wishes. Unbeknownst to her, the dog was trained by a white racist to attack any and all black people on sight. It sneaks out of the house one night and kills a black trashman in an attack. Later, when Julie takes the dog to work with her, it attacks a black actress on the set. Realizing something is not right with the dog, Julie takes him to a dog trainer, Carruthers , who tells her to kill the dog. Another dog trainer named Keys , who is black himself, undertakes re-educating the dog as a personal challenge. He dons protective gear and keeps the dog in a large enclosure, taking him out on a chain and exposing himself to the dog each day and making sure he is the only one to feed or care for the dog. The dog manages to escape, and kills an elderly black man in a church, after which Keys manages to recover him, and opts not to turn the dog in to the authorities, but to continue the training, over Julie's protests. He warns her that the training has reached a critical point, where the dog might be cured or go insane. He believes that curing the dog will discourage white racists from training dogs like this, though there is no indication in the story that this is any kind of national problem . After a lengthy time, it seems as if the dog is cured, in that he is now friendly towards Keys. Julie confronts the dog's original owner, who has come to claim him, and who presumably trained him to attack black people. She angrily tells him the dog has been cured by a black man in front of his grandchildren, who only know the dog as a loving family pet. As Julie and Keys celebrate their victory, the dog brutally attacks Carruthers, who is white, and whom the dog had not previously shown aggression towards--no explanation for this is given, but the implication is that the dog's programming has somehow been reversed, though that was never Keys' intention. To save his employer's life, Keys is forced to shoot the dog, and the film ends with the image of his body lying in the center of the training enclosure."] ["An actor at the pinnacle of his Hollywood career finds himself buckling to temptation after he accepts the lead in a classic tale of good versus evil. Michael Steele  has just been nominated for Best Actor at the Academy Awards. In the wake of that announcement, Michael is cast in what may be the role of a lifetime. He's set to play the lead in an incredible story of monumental conflict, but will all of the swirling gossip around Michael cause him to stumble on the path of righteousness? His marriage is in jeopardy and his career is on the line. This man who has always tried to do the right thing must find the courage and conviction needed to set his life straight."] ['Pierre Brossard , a French Nazi collaborator, orders seven Jews executed during World War II. Some 40 years later, he is pursued by "David Manenbaum" , a hitman who is under orders to kill Brossard and leave a printed \'Statement\' on his body proclaiming the assassination was vengeance for the Jews executed in 1944. Brossard sees "Manenbaum" at a local bar, becomes concerned about possible trouble, and begins to run from him. Brossard kills "Manenbaum", then realizes he must now run from the law to save his life. Brossard hides "Manenbaum\'s" body and car, after robbing the dead body, finding the printed \'Statement\', and discovering that his pursuer was travelling on a Canadian passport. Brossard spends the rest of the film running between short-term sanctuaries in southern France within the Traditional Catholic community, appealing to long-time allies who have operated in great secrecy to shield him and provide him with funds for years, but now bring increased scrutiny to themselves for continuing to do so. The murder of "Manenbaum" attracts the interest of local police, and eventually the persistent Investigating Judge Anne-Marie Levi . She becomes absorbed by the case, and is not discouraged by the lack of assistance she encounters from official sectors she believes should be helping her. Levy forms an alliance with the similarly dedicated Colonel Roux , a senior French Gendarmerie\'s investigator, and the pair initially suspect that "Manenbaum" was part of a Jewish assassination plot. The pair dig deeply into the case, and discover that Brossard has been the subject of several previous investigations, dating back more than 40 years, which have all failed. Just how has Brossard been able to escape justice for so long? Levi and Roux discover hidden resources and build up the pressure, tightening the noose around Brossard, who finds his allies increasingly reluctant to help him. Meanwhile, doubts begin to arise over the theory of a Jewish hit squad, but it is clear that someone wants Brossard dead, and the elimination of "Manenbaum" does not put an end to their efforts. Brossard in desperation secretly pays a surprise visit to his estranged wife Nicole , a maid who is living in lower-middle-class circumstances in Marseille and is very apprehensive about seeing him again. Brossard\'s allies, including certain priests and a wartime colleague, who has risen into a position of great power within the French government, are feeling the heat from the relentless questioning of Levy and Roux. As the story approaches its climax, Brossard, desperate and unsure whom to trust, seeks new identity papers and money, so he can escape France forever. He knows far too much for the safety of his protectors, and has relied upon this fact for years. But Brossard is now living on borrowed time, and it becomes a question of not only whether he can avoid capture and flee France, but also of which pursuer will find him first.'] ["The plot revolves around a 15-year-old girl named Winnie, who is from a restrictive upper-class family. Winnie one day runs away into the forest and meets a boy named Jesse Tuck, drinking from a spring. She is then kidnapped by Jesse's elder brother. Winnie soon falls in love with Jesse and later learns that the family cannot age or be injured due to drinking water from a magical spring around a hundred years ago. As the search for Winnie continues, the Tucks decide to leave the area and invite Winnie to join them. Winnie is forced to decide whether to drink from the spring and live forever, or live a mortal existence. She decides that despite the love she and Jesse share, her presence will only endanger the Tucks and she chooses to stay behind. After many years, Jesse returns to the tree where the spring used to be, and it is revealed that Winnie chose to never drink from the spring and she lived a long and charitable life."] ['The story begins in 1913 in Denmark, when Karen Dinesen  asks her friend Baron Bror Blixen  to enter into a marriage of convenience with her. Although Bror is a member of the aristocracy he is no longer financially secure, therefore agrees to the marriage and the two of them plan to move to Africa to begin a dairy farm. Upon moving to British East Africa, Karen marries Bror in a brief ceremony, thus becoming Baroness Blixen. She meets and befriends various other colonial residents of the country, most of whom are British. She also meets Denys Finch Hatton , a local big-game hunter with whom she develops a close friendship. However, things turn out differently for her than anticipated, since Bror has used her money to purchase a coffee plantation rather than a dairy farm. He also shows little inclination to put any real work into it, preferring instead to become a game hunter. Although theirs was a marriage of convenience, Karen does eventually develop feelings for Bror, but is distressed when she learns of his extramarital affairs. To make matters worse, Karen contracts syphilis from her philandering husband  and is forced to return to Denmark for a long and difficult period of treatment using the then-new medicine Salvarsan. Bror agrees to look after the plantation in her absence. After she has recovered and returns to Africa, the First World War is drawing to an end. However, it becomes clear that her marriage to the womanizing Bror has not changed and she eventually asks him to move out of their house. Her friendship with Denys then develops further and the two eventually become lovers. However, despite many unsuccessful attempts to turn their affair into a lasting relationship, she realizes that Denys is as impossible to own or tame as Africa itself. Denys prefers the simple "African customs" of the free, nomadic life of the Maasai tribe on the open landscape, rather than the European customs of luxury, ownership, and titles. Although he moves into Karen\'s house, he criticizes her desire to "own" things; even people, refuses to commit to marriage or give up his free lifestyle and tells her that he will not love her more just because of a piece of paper. Karen grudgingly accepts the situation. No longer able to have children of her own due to the effects of the syphilis, she decides to open a school to teach reading, writing, arithmetic, and also some European customs to the African tribal children of the area. However, her coffee plantation runs into financial difficulties and she is forced to rely on bank loans to make ends meet. Although it has taken years to cultivate, the plantation finally yields a good harvest, but a devastating fire breaks out on the plantation and the crop and all of the factory equipment are destroyed. Now broke, and with her relationship with Denys over, Karen prepares to leave Africa to return home to Denmark, just as British East Africa is becoming Kenya Colony. She arranges to sell everything that she owns and empties the house of all her luxurious items for a rummage sale. In the now empty house, Denys visits her that night and the two of them have one last dance. He promises to return in a few days, to fly her to Mombasa in his biplane to begin her journey home. However, Denys never returns and Karen is told that his plane has crashed and he has been killed. Her loss now complete, Karen attends his funeral in the Ngong Hills. With Denys gone, Karen\'s head servant, Farah, takes her to the station, for the train to Mombasa. Karen later became an author and a storyteller, writing about her experiences and letters in Africa, though she never returned there.'] ["The second in the series of Mr. Wong features starring Boris Karloff finds wealthy gem-collector Brandon Edwards gaining possession of the largest star sapphire in the world, the 'Eye of the Daughter of the Moon', after it has been stolen in China. Edwards, at a party in his home, confides to Mr. Wong that his life is in danger. During a game of Charades, Edwards is mysteriously shot dead and the gem disappears. Unknown to Wong, the jewel is in the possession of Edwards' maid, Drina, who intends to return it to China, but she is murdered also, and the gem is taken again. After one more murder -- the suspect list is dwindling -- Wong exposes the killer, turns him over to Police Inspector Street, and Wong orders his manservant Willy to return the gem to China."] ["Hrothgar, king of Daneland, and a group of mounted and helmeted warriors chase a large and burly man, whom they consider a monstrous troll, and his young son across a large open field until father and son find themselves on the edge of deep cliff overlooking a beach and a large sea. The father directs his young son, Grendel, to climb down and hide from the attackers' view. The Danes shoot the father dead with their arrows and his dead body plunges down onto the beach far below. The Danish king walks towards the cliff edge and sees the young Grendel hanging but chooses to spare him. Later, Grendel is on the beach below and finds his father's body. After failing to move the large and heavy corpse, the boy takes a sword and cuts the head off to take it home. Many years later, the severed  head is inside a cave where the boy Grendel has grown up to be as large and burly as his father. Grendel bloodies his own forehead with stones to express his vengeful anger towards the Danes and the beginning of his own murderous campaign of revenge. When Hrothgar finds twenty of his warriors killed inside his great hall, the Danish king falls into a depression. Beowulf, with the permission of Hygelac, king of Geatland, sails to Daneland with thirteen Geats on a mission to slay Grendel for Hrothgar. The arrival of Beowulf and his warriors is welcomed by Hrothgar, but the king's village has fallen into a deep despair and many of the pagan villagers convert to Christianity at the urging of an Irish monk. While Grendel does go into Hrothgar's village during the night, he flees rather than fight. Beowulf learns more about Grendel from Selma the witch and seer, who tells Beowulf that Grendel will not fight him because Beowulf has committed no wrong against him. A villager, recently baptized and thus now unafraid of death, leads Beowulf and his men to the cliff above Grendel's cave, but without a rope they are afraid to die descending to the cave itself, and turn back without even seeing the cave. When that villager is found broken and dead, Beowulf and his men return with a rope and gain entry to Grendel's secret cave. Grendel being absent, one of Beowulf's vengeful men mutilates the mummified head and shrine of Grendel's slain father. That night, Grendel attacks Beowulf and his men while they sleep in Hrothgar's great hall, killing the Geat who desecrated his father's head and then, revenge satisfied, leaps out from the second story, but is caught in a trap by Beowulf, leaving Grendel hanging by his right arm. Grendel, refusing capture, escapes by hacking off his own arm. Grendel, bleeding severely, manages to reach the same beach where he had once found his father's slain corpse and wades into the water, where he dies, his body claimed by a mysterious webbed hand. Hrothgar admits to Beowulf that he had killed Grendel's father for stealing a fish but had spared the child-troll Grendel out of pity. There is great celebration in the hall of Hrothgar, and the king's mood has been livened up by the defeat of Grendel, whose severed arm is kept by the Danes as a trophy. In revealing more about Grendel's nature, Selma recounts how Grendel had once visited her hut and clumsily raped her and has protected her since that day, troubling Beowulf all the more. Yet that does not stop him from moving forward to kiss Selma, who deftly slaps him for tying her up earlier in the film, which he did in an attempt to get her to lead him to Grendel. Nevertheless, she then pulls his head forward and kisses him, quickly initiating and taking the lead in their lovemaking as she straddles him down on her bed. The Danes are later attacked by Grendel's mother, the Sea Hag. Beowulf finds her lair, where she placed Grendel's dead body along with a pile of treasure, and slays Grendel's mother with a sword from this pile. Beowulf realizes the battle has been watched by a strange young boy with red hair, who is Grendel and Selma's child. Beowulf, with Grendel's son watching from the shelter of the rocks, buries Grendel and builds him a marker, honouring him. Shortly thereafter, Beowulf and his band of Geats leave Daneland by ship but not before warning Selma that she must continue to hide her son, lest the Danes hunt him down as they did his father."] ['James Garner plays a retired judge and recluse who comes out of "hiding" to investigate when his childhood friend  refuses to accept a Congressional Medal of Honor awarded decades ago in World War II. His reason is kept in confidence and Garner\'s character files a motion to deny the ceremony. Meanwhile, the personal lives of the other characters have issues of their own to work out. In the end of things Cobbs\' character is told of something he didn\'t know about and the two romantic side stories resolve in a positive fashion.'] ['{{Expand section}} The film is a drama set in World War II, following a group of United States Marines from boot camp to combat. It depicts the details of the training, the forming of comradeship and the relentless training of the battalion, led by Major "High Pockets" Huxley, has to undergo. In two battles , the battalion is only used in mop-up duties, but after an out-of-line argument between "High Pockets" and the commanding general, they are used as lead battalion in the final battle in Saipan, hitting Red Beach with severe casualties. Beside describing the battalion\'s everyday activities, the movie also details the private lives of three of the Marines on R\'n\'R in New Zealand.'] ["Tom , a middle class working employee, finds himself at rock bottom after he loses his job and his girlfriend in the same week. Believing that he has no choice but to end it all, Tom ventures into a derelict squat in East London, in an attempt to purchase a gun from homeless crack addict D . However, D attempts to extort more than the agreed price, in order to pay off his debt to local drug dealer Hoodwink , to whom he owes a significant amount of money. However, the gun is not his to sell - it actually belongs to Hoodwink, who will do anything in his power to get it back. Tom's attempts to reason with Hoodwink leave him with more trouble than he bargained for - and trying to buy him off only gets him seriously abused. Despite trying unsuccessfully to shift the blame onto not-so-macho drug dealer Ray , Tom and D gradually get to know what makes each other tick - and digress for reasonable life - as they try to find a way out of the situation. However, with Hoodwink still on the warpath, the day soon becomes a cat and mouse game of survival for the pair."] ['A Room With a View tells the story of Lucy Honeychurch, a young Englishwoman in 1912 who visits Italy with her cousin, Charlotte Bartlett. While there, they meet a host of interesting characters, including the novelist Eleanor Lavish, the tourist Mr Emerson, and his son, George. George falls in love with Lucy, while in Florence, but Charlotte whisks her charge away. It is only when they return to England that Lucy meets George again; by this time, however, Lucy is engaged to Cecil Vyse. While the novel ends with Lucy and George marrying and returning to "the room with the view" for their honeymoon, this adaptation included its own ending, with George being killed in World War I and Lucy returning in 1922 to the room in Florence, where she is implied to begin a new romance with an Italian man.Hellicar, Michael  Timothy Spall was horrified when his son wanted to become an actor: Now they\'re co-stars in a new TV drama, The Daily Mail'] ['Karen White  is a Los Angeles television news anchor who is being stalked by a serial murderer named Eddie Quist . In cooperation with the police, she takes part in a scheme to capture Eddie by agreeing to meet him in a sleazy porno theater. Eddie forces Karen to watch a video of a young woman being raped, and when Karen turns around to see Eddie she screams. The police enter and shoot Eddie, and although Karen is safe, she suffers amnesia. Her therapist, Dr. George Waggner , decides to send her and her husband, Bill Neill ([[Christopher Stone , to "The Colony", a secluded resort in the countryside where he sends patients for treatment. The colony is filled with strange characters, and one, a sultry nymphomaniac named Marsha Quist , tries to seduce Bill. When he resists her less-than-subtle sexual overtures, he is attacked and bitten by a wolf-like creature while returning to his cabin. He later returns to find Marsha waiting and the two have sex by the campfire in the moonlight. During the encounter, their bodies have undergone a frightening transformation as they both shapeshift into werewolves. After Bill\'s wolf bite, Karen summons her friend Terri Fisher  to the Colony, and Terri connects the resort to Eddie Quist through a sketch he left behind. Karen also begins to suspect that Bill is hiding a secret far more threatening than marital infidelity. While investigating, Terri is attacked by a werewolf in a cabin, though she escapes after cutting the monster\'s arm off. She runs to Waggner\'s office and places a phone call to her boyfriend, Chris Halloran , who has been alerted about the Colony\'s true nature. While on the phone with Chris, Terri is attacked and killed by Eddie Quist. Chris hears this and sets off for the Colony armed with silver bullets. Karen is confronted by the resurrected Eddie Quist once again, and Eddie transforms himself into a werewolf in front of her. She escapes, and Eddie is later shot by Chris with a silver bullet. However, as it turns out, everyone in the Colony is a werewolf. These werewolves can shapeshift at will; they do not require a full moon. Karen and Chris survive their attacks and burn the Colony to the ground. Karen resolves to warn the world about the existence of werewolves, and surprises her employers by launching into her warnings while on television. Then, to prove her story, she herself shapeshifts into a werewolf, having become one after being attacked at the Colony by her husband Bill. She is shot by Chris on live television, and the world is left to wonder whether the transformation and shooting really happened or if it was the work of special effects. It is also revealed that Marsha Quist escaped the colony alive and well.'] ["Lieutenant Harry Faversham  realises his regiment is being deployed to the Sudan where they would see combat. He promptly resigns his officer's commission, stating that he did not wish to leave his fiancé, Ethne . In reality, he was questioning the cause, and was fearful of seeing combat. Following his resignation, his fiancé and three friends present him with white feathers, representing cowardice, and turn their backs on him. Following his regiments deployment, Faversham realizes he has made a grave mistake, and that he will never be able to live any quality of life unless his honour is restored. Disguising himself as an Arab, Faversham makes his way to Sudan determined to find his unit. He learns of an impending attack on the regiment, and tries to make it in time to save them. During the battle, his closest friend Captain Jack Durrance  becomes engaged in close combat, during which he is blinded when a black powder rifle goes off next to his face. Faversham attacks the Arabs who surround Durrance, and rescues him as he staggers blindly. In the end, Faversham is able to help his regiment, and redeem his honour."] ['When American schoolteacher Harriet Winslow  goes to Mexico to work as a governess for the Miranda family, she becomes caught up in the Mexican revolution. Mexicans transporting her from Chihuahua actually belong to a unit of Pancho Villa\'s army. They use her luggage to smuggle weapons to the servants at the Miranda hacienda, who in turn aid the attacking revolutionary army of General Tomas Arroyo . During the attack, a sardonic "Old Gringo," who is really American author Ambrose Bierce , joins in the fighting on the side of the revolution, operating the track switch that ensures a railroad flatcar laden with explosives reaches its target. After the Miranda hacienda is taken, Winslow becomes romantically smitten alternately with Bierce and Arroyo. Bierce has come to Mexico to die in anonymity, feeling that his fifty years as a writer have won him praise only for his style, not for the truth that he\'s tried to tell. Arroyo, by contrast, has returned to the hacienda where he was born. His father was actually a Miranda who had raped his peasant mother. Later, in his youth, Arroyo murdered his father. While his army enjoys luxuries they have never known on the war-damaged but palatial Miranda estate, Arroyo becomes obsessed with his past and, transfixed by childhood memories of his family buried there, fails to move his army when ordered by Villa. To snap Arroyo out of his fixation, thus averting a mutiny of his officers, Bierce burns papers that the illiterate Arroyo considers sacred—papers that supposedly entitle the peasants to the hacienda land. But Arroyo responds by shooting Bierce in the back, killing him. Bierce dies in Winslow\'s arms. Winslow later goes to the U.S. embassy in Mexico to claim Bierce\'s body and bring it back to the United States, saying that it is that of her long-lost father. This puts Villa in a predicament because a U.S. citizen was murdered by one of his generals. So, wishing to avoid American meddling in the revolution, he has Winslow sign a statement that her father had joined the revolution and was executed for disobeying orders, as was General Arroyo who had shot him, and that she witnessed both executions. She signs the statement, is provided with the coffin bearing Bierce\'s body, and witnesses the execution of Arroyo.'] ["Set in 1910, the film's main character is Ben Harvey : serious about seeing the world, he leaves his home for Chicago, where he meets a woman named Lil, who in reality is the Madam of the bordello Ben mistakes for a boarding house. He also is friends with Adeline, one of the prostitutes. While he tries to find work, Ben encounters other people, including a man named Sullivan, who is involved in shady doings in city government. Suspecting corruption, Harvey and a hard drinking reporter decide to investigate."] ["Harry Mitchell  is a successful industrialist living in the suburbs of Los Angeles whose wife Barbara  is running for city council while he is having an affair. Harry is confronted by three blackmailers demanding $105,000 for a videotape of him and his mistress, Cini . Because of his wife's political aspirations, he can't go to the police. Harry's lawyer advises him that paying the blackmailers won't likely make them go away, so he refuses to pay. The criminals up the ante by murdering Cini and framing Harry for the murder, demanding $105,000 a year for the rest of his life to keep the evidence they have on him under wraps. Harry opens his financial records to one of them with a background in accounting, Alan Raimy ([[John Glover . Seeing that their mark owes money to the government and cannot afford the $105,000, Raimy agrees to accept Harry's counter offer of $52,000, at least as a first payment. Harry then turns the blackmailers against one another, putting his wife's life in grave danger in the process."] ["Set in the backroads of America, the film tells three of Bradbury's stories set in the future, with Steiger as a man named Carl telling tales of some of the tattoos he has on his body. The stories are about virtual reality , a mysterious planet  and the end of the world . Carl is accompanied by a dog and meets a traveler who listens to his tales. The tie-in prologue tells of how Carl came to be tattooed after he encountered a mysterious woman named Felicia  in a remote farmhouse."] ['Rebecca Bloomwood  is a shopping addict who lives with her best friend Suze . She works as a journalist for a gardening magazine but dreams to join the fashion magazine Alette. On the way to an interview with Alette, she buys a green scarf. Her credit card is declined, so Rebecca goes to a hot dog stand and offers to buy all the hot dogs with a check, if the seller gives her back change in cash, saying the scarf is to be a gift for her sick aunt. The hot dog vendor refuses but a man offers her $20. When Rebecca arrives at the interview, she\'s told that the position has been filled. However, the receptionist tells her there is an open position with the magazine Successful Saving, explaining how getting a job at Successful Savings could eventually lead to a position at Alette magazine. Rebecca interviews with Luke Brandon , the editor of Successful Savings and the man who just gave her the $20. She hides her scarf outside his office, but Luke\'s assistant comes into the office and gives it back to her. Rebecca knows the game is up and leaves. That evening, drunk, she and Suze write letters to Alette and Successful Saving, but she mails each to the wrong magazine. Luke likes the letter she meant to send to Alette and hires her. Rather than completing a work assignment for a new column, Rebecca goes to a clothing sale. While inspecting a cashmere coat she has just purchased, she realizes it is not 100% cashmere and she has been duped. This gives her an idea for the column, which she writes under the name "The Girl in the Green Scarf" and is an instant success. Rebecca later returns home to renewed confrontations with her debt collector, so Suze makes her attend Shopaholics Anonymous. The group leader, Miss Korch , forces Rebecca to donate all the clothes she just bought, including a bridesmaid\'s dress for Suze\'s wedding and a dress for a TV interview. After the meeting Rebecca can\'t afford to buy back both and buys back the interview dress. During the interview, Rebecca is accused of not paying her debts and loses her job. Suze is angry when she finds out that Rebecca lost the bridesmaid dress. Alette offers Rebecca a position at the magazine, but Rebecca declines. She sells most of her clothes to pay her debts, including the green scarf. Meanwhile, Luke starts a new company, Brandon Communications. Rebecca\'s clothes sale makes it possible for her to pay her debts. Rebecca attends Suze\'s wedding after reclaiming her bridesmaid dress, and Suze forgives her. Rebecca and Luke reunite, and Luke returns the green scarf after revealing that the person who bought it at an auction was acting as his agent. Rebecca becomes romantically involved with Luke and starts working at his new company.'] ["Jordan Donovan , a photographer from New York City, is set up with Tyler Ross , a Wyoming rancher, by her roommate after her boyfriend fails to commit. Jordan flies to Wyoming to meet Tyler and his sister Laurie and her fiancé. Jordan learns his sister placed his ad in the singles magazine for him. Although Tyler is initially put off by Jordan's city slicker attitude, they find themselves drawn to each other."] [' The film begins with a montage of archival film footage narrated by a Dutch woman, Kate ter Horst, describing the state of affairs in September 1944. The Allied advance is being slowed by overextended supply lines. A Dutch family, part of the Dutch resistance underground, observes the German withdrawal toward Germany. The Germans in the Netherlands have few resources in men or equipment and morale is very poor. U.S. General George S. Patton and British Field Marshal Bernard Montgomery have competing plans for ending the war quickly, and being the first to get to Berlin. Under political pressure, Supreme Allied Commander Dwight D. Eisenhower chose Montgomery\'s Operation Market Garden. Operation Market Garden envisions 35,000 men being flown 300 miles from air bases in England and being dropped as much as 64 miles behind enemy lines in the Netherlands. The largest airborne assault ever attempted, with Lieutenant-General Frederick Browning saying, "We\'re going to lay a carpet, as it were, of airborne troops"00:11:37,480 frames 93/94 over which armoured divisions of XXX Corps can pass and confidently suggests that "We shall seize the bridges - it\'s all a question of bridges - with thunderclap surprise, and hold them until they can be secured".00:11:41,280 frames 94/95 Two divisions of U.S. paratroopers are responsible for securing the road and bridges as far as Nijmegen. A British division, under Major-General Urquhart is to land near Arnhem, and take and hold the far side of the bridge at Arnhem, backed by Polish paratroopers under General Sosabowski. XXX Corps are to push up the road to Arnhem, as quickly as possible, over the bridges captured by the paratroopers, and reach Arnhem two days after the drop. After the Market Garden command briefing, General Sosabowski voices his deep doubts that the plan can work. American commander General Gavin worries about parachuting in daylight. British commanders brief that they are badly short of transport aircraft and the area near Arnhem is ill-suited for a landing. They will have to land in an open area eight miles  from the bridge. The British officers present at that briefing do not question the orders, but Sosabowski walks up to check the RAF briefing officer\'s uniform insignia and says "Just making sure whose side you\'re on." Later, when General Urquhart briefs his officers, some of them are surprised they are going to attempt a landing so far from the bridge, but they have to make the best of it. General Urquhart tells them that the key for the eight mile distance from the drop zone to the bridge, is the use of gliders to bring in Jeeps. Browning lays out that if any one group fails, the entire operation fails. The consensus among the British top brass is that resistance will consist entirely of "Hitler Youth or old men",00:17:21,120 frames 177/178 but young British intelligence officer, Major Fuller, brings reconnaissance photos to General Browning showing German tanks at Arnhem. Browning dismisses the photos, and also ignores reports from the Dutch underground. Browning does not want to be the one to tell Montgomery of any doubts because many previous airborne operations have been cancelled. Major Fuller\'s concerns are brushed off and he is removed from duty. British officers note that the portable radios are not likely to work for the long distance from the drop zone to the Arnhem Bridge amid the water and trees of the Netherlands. They choose not to rock the boat and do not convey their concerns up the chain of command. At the XXX Corps briefing, the overall plan is outlined by Horrocks, laying out the bridges that will be taken by the paratroopers, held and then secured by ground forces. Speed is the vital factor, as Arnhem must be reached within 2–3 days. It is the crucial bridge, the last means of escape for the German forces in the Netherlands and an excellent route to Germany for Allied forces. The road to Arnhem is only a single highway linking the various key bridges - trucks and tanks have to squeeze to the shoulder to pass. The road is also elevated causing anything moving on the road to stand out.  The airborne drops catch the Germans totally by surprise, and there is little resistance. Most of the men come down safely and assemble quickly, but the Son bridge is blown up by the Germans. Model, thinking that the Allies are trying to capture him, panics and retreats from Arnhem. However, soon after landing, troubles beset Urquhart\'s division. Many of the Jeeps either don\'t arrive by gliders at all or are shot up in an ambush. Their radio sets are also useless, meaning no contact can be made with either paratroopers moving into Arnhem or XXX Corps. Meanwhile, German forces reinforce Nijmegen and Arnhem. XXX Corps\' progress is slowed by German resistance, the narrowness of the highway and the need to construct a Bailey bridge to replace the destroyed bridge at Son. The XXX Corps is able to move onto the Graves bridge without much resistance, but is halted at Nijmegen. There, soldiers of the 82nd Airborne Division perform a dangerous daylight river crossing in flimsy canvas-and-wood assault boats. Ultimately though, the river crossing is successful, and the Nijmegen bridge is captured. The Germans close in on the isolated British paratroopers occupying part of Arnhem at the bridge. Urquhart is separated from his men, and the supply drop zones are overrun by the Germans. German attacks on the paratroopers at the bridge are repelled. British armour continues to fight its way up the corridor, but is delayed by strong German resistance.  After securing Nijmegen Bridge, XXX Corps waits several hours for its infantry forces to finish securing the town. Finally Sosabowski\'s troops enter the battle. They attempt to reinforce the British in Arnhem, but fail. With the Germans fully alert, they gun down several Poles during their drop. They are only able to get a few men across to reinforce the British. After days of house-to-house fighting in Arnhem, with paratroops versus crack SS infantry and panzers, many of the paratroopers are either captured or forced to withdraw, and the city is indiscriminately razed to the ground. The dialogue between Frost and Bittrich\'s adjutant requesting surrender, and getting a reply the paratroopers do not have the facilities to accept German surrender, never took place. Instead Brigadeführer Heinz Harmel, commander of the 10th SS Panzer Division, selected a British prisoner, Sergeant Stanley Halliwell, and sent him into the British perimeter to request that Frost surrender his forces. After arriving, Halliwell explained what Harmel wants; Frost gave Halliwell a message for Harmel to “Go to hell.”, as is portrayed in the film. Halliwell then told Frost, “If it’s all the same to you, Colonel, I’ll stay. Jerry [the Germans] will get the message sooner or later.” - p.356, Arthur Operation Market Garden has failed. Urquhart manages to escape capture with fewer than two thousand of his troops, the remainder are forced to stay behind and give themselves up. Urquhart confronts Browning about his personal feeling about the operation, which was determined to have been 90% successful by a satisfied Montgomery. When asked if he thinks the operations went well, Browning replies "Well, as you know, I always felt we tried to go a bridge too far" .'] ["In 1964, Pinkie Brown, a sociopathic member of a Brighton gang, murders a man who has himself killed the gang leader, Kite. He befriends Rose, a young waitress who had witnessed gang activity, so as to keep an eye on her, and she falls in love with him. In order to prevent her from being made to give evidence against him, he marries her. Ida, Rose's employer and a friend of the man killed by Pinkie, takes it upon herself to save the girl from the monster she has married."] ['On a brief trip back to London, earnest, bookish bacteriologist Walter Fane  is dazzled by Kitty Garstin , a vivacious, vain, and vacuous London socialite. He proposes; she accepts , and the ill-suited couple embark on a tense relationship in China. Following a honeymoon in Venice, the couple go to Shanghai, where the doctor is stationed in a government lab studying infectious diseases. Kitty meets Charles Townsend , a married British vice consul, and the two engage in a clandestine affair. When Walter discovers his wife\'s infidelity, he seeks to punish her by threatening to divorce her on the grounds of adultery if she doesn\'t accompany him to a small village in a remote area of China, where he has volunteered to treat victims of an unchecked cholera epidemic sweeping through the area. Kitty begs to be allowed to divorce him quietly and he agrees, provided Townsend will leave his wife Dorothy and marry her. When she proposes this possibility to her lover, he, despite earlier claiming his love for Kitty, declines to accept, and she is compelled to travel to the mountainous inland region with her husband. They embark upon an arduous, two-week-long overland journey, which would be considerably faster and much easier if they traveled by river, but Walter is determined to make Kitty as unhappily uncomfortable as possible. Upon their arrival in Mei-tan-fu, she is distressed to discover they will be living in near squalor, far removed from everyone except their cheerful neighbor Waddington, a British deputy commissioner living with a young Chinese woman in relative opulence. Walter and Kitty barely speak to each other and, except for a cook and a Chinese soldier assigned to guard her, she is alone for long hours. After visiting an orphanage run by a group of French nuns, Kitty volunteers her services, and she is assigned to work in the music room. She is surprised to learn from the Mother Superior that her husband loves children, especially babies, and in this setting she begins to see him in a new light as she learns what a selfless and caring person he can be. When he sees her with the children, he in turn realizes she is not the shallow, selfish person he thought her to be. As Walter\'s anger and Kitty\'s unhappiness subside, their marriage begins to blossom. She soon learns she is pregnant, but is unsure who the father is. Walter – in love with Kitty again – assures her it doesn\'t matter. Just as the local cholera problem is coming under control, ailing refugees from elsewhere pour into the area, forcing Walter to set up a camp outside town. He contracts the disease and Kitty nurses him, but he dies, devastating her. Five years later, while shopping with her young son Walter in London, Kitty meets Townsend by chance on the street. He suggests the two get together and asks young Walter his age, realising from the reply that he could be Walter\'s father. Kitty, however, rejects his overtures and walks away. When her son asks who Townsend is, she replies "No one important".'] ['Ben Sanderson  is a Hollywood screenwriter whose alcoholism costs him his job, family, and friends. With nothing left, he goes to Las Vegas to drink himself to death. As he drives drunkenly down the Las Vegas Strip, he almost hits a woman in the crosswalk, Sera , who chastises him. Ben checks into a sleazy motel called The Whole Year Inn. As he looks at this the wording changes to "The Hole You\'re In." Meanwhile, Sera is a prostitute for an abusive pimp, Yuri Butso , a Latvian immigrant. Polish mobsters are after Yuri, so he breaks his relationship with Sera in fear that the Poles may hurt her, and is murdered  shortly afterwards. On his second day in Las Vegas, Ben meets Sera, on the street where he first met her, introduces himself and offers $500 to go to his room for an hour. Sera agrees to go to his room, but Ben does not want sex. Instead, they talk and create an odd relationship. Their relationship is doomed; Sera has to promise Ben she will never ask him to stop drinking, and Ben is not allowed to criticize Sera\'s occupation. At first the two are stable, as Ben is "totally at ease with this ." However, each becomes frustrated with the other\'s behavior. Sera attempts to get Ben to eat but Ben stumbles for more alcohol. Sera begs him to see a doctor. Ben, furious but intoxicated, brings another prostitute  to Sera\'s house. Sera returns home and throws Ben out. Shortly afterward, she is raped and beaten by three college students, and the injuries make her occupation obvious. After being evicted, Sera receives a call from Ben, who is on his deathbed. She visits Ben and they have sex. They fall asleep, and when Ben wakes up, he looks across at Sera, who is lying on top of him, and dies while holding her as she sleeps. His last word is "wow".'] ['In the Victorian period, Ebenezer Scrooge is a skinflint businessman who loathes the Christmas season and begrudges having to give time off to his best employee, Bob Cratchit. On Christmas Eve, Scrooge is visited by the ghost of his late friend and business partner, Jacob Marley, who in the afterlife has come to see the errors of his ways. Marley arranges for Scrooge to be visited by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Christmas Present, and Christmas Yet to Come in hopes of teaching Scrooge of the importance of embracing the joy of the holiday season. Scrooge reforms, learning to keep the spirit of Christmas alive in his heart, ultimately becoming a well-loved and respected man.'] ['In a Louisiana nursing home in 1999, Paul Edgecomb  begins to cry while watching the film Top Hat. His elderly friend Elaine  shows concern for him, and Paul tells her that the film reminded him of when he was a corrections officer in charge of death row inmates at Cold Mountain Penitentiary during the summer of 1935. The cell block Paul  works in is called the "Green Mile" because the condemned prisoners walking to their execution are said to be walking "the last mile". Here, it is a stretch of faded lime-green linoleum. The other guards include Brutus "Brutal" Howell , Harry Terwilliger , and Dean Stanton . One day, John Coffey , a giant black man convicted of raping and killing two young white girls, arrives on death row. However, he is shy, soft-spoken, and emotional. John reveals extraordinary powers by healing Paul\'s urinary tract infection and resurrecting a mouse. Later, he heals the terminally ill wife  of Warden Hal Moores . When John is asked to explain his power, he merely says that he "took it back." Percy Wetmore , a sadistic and unpopular guard, who is the nephew of the governor\'s wife, has recently begun working on the mile. Percy recognizes that the other officers dislike him and uses that to demand managing the next execution. After that, he promises he will transfer to an administrative post at a mental hospital. An agreement is made, but Percy then deliberately sabotages the execution. Instead of wetting the sponge used to conduct electricity and make executions quick and effective, he leaves it dry, causing the execution of Eduard Delacroix  to malfunction dramatically. Shortly afterward, a violent prisoner named "Wild Bill" Wharton  arrives, to be executed for multiple murders committed during a robbery. At one point he seizes John\'s arm, and John psychically senses that Wharton is responsible for the crime for which John was convicted and sentenced to death. John "takes back" the sickness in Hal\'s wife and regurgitates it into Percy, who then shoots Wharton to death and falls into a state of permanent catatonia. Percy is then housed in the Briar Ridge Mental Hospital. In the wake of these events, Paul interrogates John, who says he "punished them bad men" and offers to show Paul what he saw. John takes Paul\'s hand and says he has to give Paul "a part of himself" in order for Paul to see what really happened to the girls. Paul asks John what he should do, if he should open the door and let John walk away. John tells him that there is too much pain in the world, to which he is sensitive, and says he is "rightly tired of the pain" and is ready to rest. For his last request on the night before his execution, John watches the film Top Hat. When John is put in the electric chair, he asks Paul not to put the traditional black hood over his head because he is afraid of the dark. Paul agrees, shakes his hand, and John is executed. As Paul finishes his story, he notes that he requested a transfer to a youth detention center, where he spent the remainder of his career. Elaine questions his statement that he had a fully grown son at the time, and Paul explains that he was 44 years old at the time of John\'s execution and that he is now 108. This is apparently a side effect of John giving a "part of himself" to Paul. Mr. Jingles, Del\'s mouse resurrected by John, is also still alive — but Paul believes his outliving all of his relatives and friends to be a punishment from God for having John executed, and wonders how long it will be before his own death.'] ["Abner Meecham , an aging Tennessee farmer discarded at a nursing facility by his lawyer son, flees the old folks home and catches a ride back to his country farm to live out his days in peace. Upon his return, he discovers that his son  has leased the farm to an old enemy and his family. Not one to suffer fools or go down easy, Abner moves into the old tenant shack on the property and declares that he will not leave until the farm is returned to his possession. But Lonzo Choat, the new tenant, has no intention to move out or give in to the demands of the old man. Abner catches Lonzo beating his daughter  with a garden hose after she was caught returning from dating a forbidden boy, and Abner scares Lonzo off by shooting a pistol in Lonzo's direction. The next day Abner has Lonzo picked up by the police, and Lonzo's wife Ludie  is upset that she has to pay for bail, which they cannot afford. When the Choats come back from town, Lonzo is visibly upset, and murders Abner's dog Nipper and hangs him from the porch of the tenant shack. Abner disappears for two days, and the Choats suspect he has finally given up. Instead, he returns with Nipper's stuffed corpse, and sets him on the front porch and tells it to stand guard. Abner and Lonzo get into an arguing match in which Lonzo threatens to burn the shack down with Abner inside. The argument culminates with Abner pointing a pistol at Lonzo, but Lonzo easily disarms Abner. The police are summoned the next day, and Abner is forced to move out, partially by his son, who believes he has lost his mind. Abner admits defeat and says he'll move out by the next morning. Instead he tells his neighbor  that Lonzo has threatened to kill him by burning the shack. Abner, haunted by recurring dreams of his long-dead wife  then sets the shack ablaze, but stumbles while trying to exit, and he is rescued by Lonzo. When Abner awakes, he is in the hospital with his son by his side. He accepts that he will move into a retirement community, but insists that he will plant corn in his small garden there, instead of tomatoes as his son suggested. In the final scene Abner visits his house one more time; the house has been vacated by the Choats."] ["Clark goes out West to visit his daughter and son-in-law. During his visit, Kathy, the infant daughter of Willie and Missie, dies. A ruthless land baron and mayor, Doros, hires Willie as town sheriff, since grief-stricken Missie has quit her job as schoolteacher and the LaHayes need the money. Doros uses Willie as sheriff to try to evict ranchers that have fallen behind on payments. Missie helps one family by selling most of her most prized possessions, including the gold locket her mother gave her. During this time, Doros' daughter, Colette, begins to like Willie and Missie's adopted son, Jeff. Collette is an eastern-schooled girl who is home from school on break. Jeff is a well-read young man who must take over for Willie on the ranch. Colette visits the ranch frequently and helps Jeff with his chores. Jeff also visits her at Doros' ranch. Doros secretly discovers this, but does not let on. As Collette prepares to leave for school, she and Jeff share a kiss. Her father lays a trap for Jeff using the unwitting Colette. Upon her departure, Doros charges Jeff with horse theft and demands that Willie arrest his own son. Doros swears that Jeff stole the horse, but Willie produces Colette, whom Doros thought left for school on the stagecoach. In the end, Clark realizes that his daughter Missie is in great hands with her husband, Willie and returns home."] ['{{plot}} Two Supreme Court justices are assassinated by the professional assassin "Sam" Khamel . Tulane University Law School student Darby Shaw  suspects the real motive might be simple greed, not politics. She writes a legal brief, and shows it to her law professor, mentor and lover Thomas Callahan . He gives a copy to his friend Gavin Verheek ([[John Heard  at the FBI. Callahan is killed by a car bomb; Darby escapes because she would not get into the car with her drunk lover. She realizes she is under surveillance and is attacked by an unknown assailant. Realizing that her brief was accurate, she goes into hiding and reaches out to Verheek for help. Political reporter Gray Grantham  is contacted by an informant who calls himself "Garcia" who claims to have information about the assassinations. "Garcia" disappears. Darby then contacts Grantham and mentions the Pelican Brief; Grantham discovers the information Darby discloses has validity. Darby finds out that her computer, disks and files are gone from her apartment. Soon after, she is attacked again, but again escapes. She contacts Verheek and arranges to meet him in a crowded public place. Prior to their meeting, Verheek is murdered by Khamel, who then goes to the meeting impersonating Verheek. Before Khamel can kill her he is shot and killed by an unknown agent. Darby contacts Grantham again and agrees to meet him in New York City. There, she gives him the details of her brief. The legal brief speculates that the assassinations were committed on behalf of Victor Mattiece, an oil tycoon who wants to drill for oil on a Louisiana marshland which is a major habitat of an endangered species of pelicans. A court case on appeal is expected to make its way to the Supreme Court. The two slain justices had a history of environmentalism — their only common view — and thus Darby surmised that Mattiece hoped to turn the case in his favor by eliminating the two justices, thus leaving the President to appoint new justices more likely to rule in his favor. Grantham tells her about "Garcia", and together they discover that "Garcia" is Curtis Morgan , a lawyer in the oil and gas division of White & Blazevich in Washington. Darby visits White & Blazevich, pretending to have an appointment with Morgan. She is told that he had been killed. She suspects that his discovery of incriminating evidence was the real reason for his murder. She and Grantham visit his widow, who gives them a key to a safe deposit box. Darby visits the bank to retrieve the contents of the box. When she and Grantham return to their vehicle, Grantham has difficulty starting the car. Darby recognizes the faltering sound as the same sound she heard just before Callahan was killed. They flee the vehicle and are pursued by a car, which crashes into their parked vehicle, detonating the bomb and killing one of their pursuers. They escape to the Washington Herald building, where they review the documents and a videotape recovered from Morgan\'s box. The tape confirms Morgans discovery that Mattiece ordered the assassination of the justices and the documents confirm the accusations. With the evidence that he needs, Grantham writes his story. He gives the FBI a chance to comment. Director Voyles  on the record confirms that the Pelican Brief was delivered to the White House; off the record, he reveals that the President ordered the FBI to "back off". He tells Darby that CIA agents were investigating Mattiece, and that one of them killed Khamel to save her life. A plane is arranged for Darby to flee the country. The movie ends with Darby at her hideaway, watching Grantham being interviewed on TV, where it is revealed that Mattiece and two of his lawyers have been indicted in federal court, the President\'s chief of staff has resigned, and the President himself will not run for office again. Grantham deflects speculation that Darby is fictional, but does agree that she is "almost" too good to be true. Her life having been saved, Darby smiles as the screen cuts to black.'] ["Frances Mayes  is a San Francisco writer whose seemingly perfect life takes an unexpected turn when she learns that her husband has been cheating on her. The divorce leaves her depressed and unable to write. Her best friend Patti , a lesbian who is expecting a child, is beginning to think Frances might never recover. She urges Frances to take an Italian vacation to Tuscany using the ticket she purchased before she became pregnant. At first Frances refuses, but after another depressing day in her gloomy apartment, she decides that it's a good idea to get away for awhile. In Tuscany, her tour group stops in the small town of Cortona. After wandering through the charming streets, she notices a posting for a villa for sale in Cortona. She rejoins her tour group on the bus, and just outside of town, the bus stops to allow a herd of sheep to cross the road. While they wait, Frances realizes that they've stopped directly in front of the very villa that she had seen for sale—something she believes is a sign. She asks the driver to stop and she gets off the bus. Through a series of serendipitous events, she becomes the owner of a lovely yet dilapidated villa in beautiful Tuscany. Frances begins her new life with the help of a variety of interesting characters and unusual but gentle souls. She hires a crew of Polish immigrants to renovate the house. Over time, Frances also befriends her Italian neighbors and develops relationships with her Polish workers, the realtor who sold her the villa, and Katherine , an eccentric, aging, British actress who evokes the mystery and beauty of an Italian film star.There are several visual references to Federico Fellini films, especially La Dolce Vita. When Catherine caresses the duck at the open market, it recalls the scene where Anita Ekberg strokes a white kitten prior to dancing in the Fontana di Trevi. Later, she is visited by the now very pregnant Patti, whose partner Grace has left her. Frances meets and has a brief romantic affair with Marcello , but their relationship does not last. She is about to give up on happiness when one of her Polish workers, a teenager named Pawel , and a neighbor's young daughter come to her for help. Her father does not approve of him, yet they are very much in love and want to get married. Frances persuades the girl's family to support their love, and the young lovers are soon married at the villa. During the wedding celebration, Frances meets an American writer who is traveling in Tuscany, and their attraction for each other points to a romantic future."] ['In 1980, U.S. Representative Charlie Wilson  is more interested in partying than legislating, frequently throwing huge galas and staffing his congressional office with young, attractive women. His social life eventually brings about a federal investigation into allegations of his cocaine use, conducted by then-U.S. Attorney Rudy Giuliani as part of a larger investigation into congressional misconduct. The investigation results in no charge against Charlie. A friend and romantic interest, Joanne Herring , encourages Charlie to do more to help the Afghan people, and persuades Charlie to visit the Pakistani leadership. The Pakistanis complain about the inadequate support of the U.S. to oppose the Soviet Union, and they insist that Charlie visit a major Pakistan-based Afghan refugee camp. Charlie is deeply moved by their misery and determination to fight, but is frustrated by the regional CIA personnel\'s insistence on a low key approach against the Soviet occupation of Afghanistan. Charlie returns home to lead an effort to substantially increase funding to the mujahideen. As part of this effort, Charlie befriends the maverick CIA agent Gust Avrakotos  and his understaffed Afghanistan group to find a better strategy, especially including a means to counter the Soviets\' formidable Mi-24 helicopter gunship. This group was composed in part of members of the CIA\'s Special Activities Division, including a young paramilitary officer named Michael Vickers . As a result, Charlie\'s deft political bargaining for the necessary funding and Avrakotos\' group\'s careful planning using those resources, such as supplying the guerrillas with FIM-92 Stinger missile launchers, turns the Soviet occupation into a deadly quagmire with their heavy fighting vehicles being destroyed at a crippling rate. The CIA\'s anti-communism budget evolves from $5 million to over $500 million , startling several congressmen. This effort by Charlie ultimately evolves into a major portion of the U.S. foreign policy known as the Reagan Doctrine, under which the U.S. expanded assistance beyond just the mujahideen and began also supporting other anti-communist resistance movements around the world. Charlie states that senior Pentagon official Michael Pillsbury persuaded President Ronald Reagan to provide the Stingers to the Afghans: "Ironically, neither Gust nor Charlie was directly involved in the decision and claims any credit."<ref nameCrile|firstCharlie Wilson\'s War: The Extraordinary Story of the Largest Covert Operation in History|publisher2003|isbnGeorge Crile III}}{{rp}} Charlie follows Gust\'s guidance to seek support for post-Soviet occupation Afghanistan, but finds almost no enthusiasm in the U.S. government for even the modest measures he proposes. The film ends with Charlie receiving a major commendation for the support of the U.S. clandestine services, but his pride is tempered by his fears of what unintended consequences his secret efforts could yield in the future and the implications of U.S. disengagement from Afghanistan.'] ['The movie opens with shots from the Spanish Civil War, and a line of Spanish refugees crossing the border into France after defeat by the Francoists, Manuel Artiguez turns away from the border and back towards Spain. But his friends stop him, saying "Manuel, the war is over!". The story returns twenty years later, to a young boy named Paco, who asks a man named Pedro why Artiguez has stopped his guerrilla raids against the Francoists in Spain. Pedro sends Paco into France to find his uncle and Artiguez. When Paco finds Artiguez, he tells him he wants him to kill Viñolas, a Guardia Civil officer, for killing his father. Paco lets Artiguez know that his father was killed because he wouldn\'t tell the police where to find Artiguez. Meanwhile, Viñolas has learned that Artiguez\'s mother is dying, and sets a trap at the hospital in San Martín to capture Artiguez, presuming that he will come to see his mother. In return for information about the layout of the hospital and surrounding area, Paco tells Artiguez to "bump into Viñolas" for him. After Viñolas has laid his trap, Artiguez\'s mother dies , but Viñolas sends a spy to convince Artiguez otherwise, and to come visit her. When the priest appears at Artiguez\'s house, he\'s gone, so the priest tells Paco to pass on the message that his mother is dead, and not to go to San Martín. But, for selfish reasons, Paco rips up the letter and doesn\'t pass on the message. Afterwards, Paco recognizes the man  in Artiguez\'s house as an informer, and tells Artiguez about the priest\'s message. Trying to clear up the mess, Artiguez takes Paco and Carlos to Lourdes to find the priest, but he\'s not there, and they let Carlos go. On the way back, however, they see the priest, and take him to Artiguez\'s house. When Carlos returns for his rucksack, he senses the trap, and escapes. After much internal debate, Artiguez then decides to go to San Martín anyway, presumably with the mission of killing Viñolas. Once in San Martín, Artiguez encounters a Francoist sniper on the roof of the hospital and attacks him, sending him to his death. Once inside the hospital, he kills a few officers, but is finally shot.'] ['Set in New York City in 1949, the story follows Holocaust survivor Herman Broder. Throughout the war he survived hidden in a hayloft, taken care of by his gentile Polish servant, Yadwiga, whom he later takes as his wife in America. Meanwhile, he has a passionate affair with another Holocaust survivor, Masha. To Yadwiga, he poses as a traveling book-salesman despite the fact he is a ghost writer for a corrupt rabbi. He wanders about New York with a constant paranoia and perpetual desperation, made more complicated when his first wife from Poland, Tamara, who was thought to have been killed in the Holocaust along with their two children, comes to New York.'] ['Pete Seltzer  is introduced to Tillie Schlaine  at a party. Her friends Gertrude and Bert are the hosts and attempting to fix her up. Pete is a confirmed bachelor with eccentric habits. When he isn\'t doing odd motivational research for a San Francisco firm, he plays ragtime piano and makes bad puns. He periodically pops in and out of Tillie\'s life, going days without calling but showing up spontaneously at her door. When they finally make love, he learns Tillie is a virgin. It appears Pete might still be seeing other women, but when he gets a promotion at work, Tillie announces it\'s time to get married. They do, then buy a house and have a baby boy. Pete\'s affairs, however, apparently continue, Tillie even needing to discourage one of his young lovers at lunch. Years go by until one day 9-year-old son Robbie  is stricken with a fatal illness. Pete tries to shield the boy by keeping him in what Tillie calls "a world of nonsense," but the inevitable death destroys Tillie\'s religious faith and ruptures their marriage. Tillie abstains from sex while Pete turns to drink and takes an apartment. Tillie\'s depression is alleviated a bit by a friendship with Jimmy , who is gay but willing to marry her if that would make Tillie happy. Bert makes a pass at Tillie as well. When she and Jimmy conspire to make Gert  reveal her true age at long last, the result is a public brawl between the two women. Tillie ends up in a sanitarium. Her life has come to a standstill until Pete turns up one day. When she sees the way their son\'s death affects him, after years of his hiding it, Tillie and Pete leave side by side.'] ["The film depicts the emotional and poetic story of a beautiful young woman, Elise, who is haunted by a tragic event in her youth. As she attempts to piece together the mystery of her sister's disappearance at the beach, 20 years before when both were children, Elise must face dark family secrets that have remained unspoken. As the past is revealed, she at last finds the courage to begin to live."] ["The film focuses on an actual 1963 event in which Los Angeles Police Department detectives Karl Hettinger and Ian Campbell were kidnapped by criminals Greg Powell and Jimmy Smith  and taken to an onion field near Bakersfield, where Campbell was shot and killed and Hettinger managed to escape. Hettinger's eyewitness account leads to the arrest of the two men, who are tried and convicted of first-degree murder. While they languish on death row, Powell and Smith learn how to exploit the legal system and after a series of appeals their sentences are reduced to life imprisonment following a court decision abolishing executions in California. Meanwhile, Hettinger's physical condition and emotional state slowly deteriorate as his failure to act more aggressively on the night of the incident is questioned by those in authority and his fellow officers. Racked with guilt and remorse, he experiences nightmares, impotence, weight loss, kleptomania, and thoughts of suicide."] ['Promising golfer Rannulph Junuh  is Savannah, Georgia\'s favorite son, and Adele Invergordon  is his beautiful girlfriend from a rich family. But while serving as a captain in the US Army during World War I Junuh is traumatized when his entire company is wiped out in battle. Though he earns the Medal of Honor, he returns to Georgia and lives a shadowy life as a drunk, golf being just a distant memory. Years later (circa 1930,Technically, the film must be set in 1931 or after, as James Cagney\'s "The Public Enemy " is playing at the theater in the scene shown just after Junuh hits the hole-in-one during his 3rd round come-back. as [[Bobby Jones , Adele is trying to recover her family\'s lost fortune by holding a four-round, two-day exhibition match between Jones  and Walter Hagen , the best golfers of the era, with a grand prize of $10,000. She\'s holding it at a golf resort her father built as the Depression struck. However, she needs a local participant to generate local interest, so she asks her estranged love Junuh to play. Junuh is approached by a mysterious traveler carrying a suitcase who appears while Junuh is trying to hit golf balls into the dark void of night. The man identifies himself as Bagger Vance  and says he will be Junuh\'s caddy. He then helps Junuh to come to grips with his personal demons and helps him to play golf again. When the match starts, Jones and Hagen each play well in their distinctive ways, but Junuh plays poorly and is far behind after the first round. With Bagger caddying for him and giving advice, Junuh rediscovers his "authentic swing" in the second round and makes up some ground. In the third round, closes the gap even more. Junuh and Adele also find their romance rekindling. Late in the final round, Junuh disregards Bagger\'s advice at a crucial point and after that plays poorly. He hits a ball into a forest, where he has a traumatic World War I flashback, but Bagger\'s words help him to focus on golf. Junuh pulls back to a tie with Jones and Hagen, then has a chance to win on the final hole, but calls a penalty on himself when his ball moves after he tries to remove an obstacle. Seeing from this that Junuh has grown and matured, Bagger decides his golfer doesn\'t need him any more. Bagger leaves him as mysteriously as he met him, with the 18th hole unfinished. Though losing a chance to win because of the penalty, Junuh sinks an improbable putt to tie Jones and Hagen, so the match ends in a gentlemanly tie, the three golfers shake hands with all of Savannah cheering, and Junuh and Adele get back together. During the match, Bagger Vance has a young assistant, Hardy Greaves , who caddies after Bagger leaves. The beginning and end of the film features Hardy as an old man  playing golf in the present day, and the story ends with an old Hardy seeing a never-aging Bagger Vance on the golf course. Bagger beckons, Hardy follows.'] ['Desert Hearts is set in 1959. Vivian Bell , an English professor at Columbia University, travels to Nevada to establish six-week residency to obtain a divorce. She stays at a guest house for women waiting for their divorces to be finalized, owned by Frances Parker . Vivian meets Cay Rivvers , a free-spirited sculptor to whom Frances is a surrogate mother. Cay works at a casino as a change operator in Reno, and is ending a relationship with Darrell, her boss, because as she put it, she "allowed self to be attracted to his attraction" for her. When Vivian arrives, Cay notices her, and tightly controlled and elegant Vivian in turn is taken aback by Cay\'s boldness and lack of concern of what others think of her. Cay reveals that she has had relationships with women in the past. Frances notices that Vivian is becoming a bigger part of Cay\'s life and resents her for it, afraid that Cay will leave her and she will be alone. When everyone attends an engagement party for Cay\'s best friend Silver, Cay drives a drunken Vivian to Lake Tahoe afterwards and kisses her. Vivian returns it passionately and is so surprised by her response that she begs Cay to take her home. When they return at the ranch in the early morning, Frances has had Vivian\'s bags packed and a taxi waiting for her, furious  that she has seduced Cay. Cay leaves the ranch immediately and Vivian endures the rest of her stay in a hotel casino. After some days apart, both Cay and Vivian are clearly confused and hurt. Cay goes to visit Vivian at her hotel and overcomes Vivian\'s resistance to making love to another woman and they begin an affair. With Vivian\'s impending finalization of her divorce, they must sort out the future of their relationship, Vivian afraid of what people will think of her, and Cay unsure of what she would ever do in New York City. Frances and Cay are brought together, and Cay admits to Frances that Vivian has "reached in and put a string of lights around her heart". As Vivian is at the train station to take her back, she convinces Cay to discuss coming with her just until the next station.'] ['Seth Brundle , a brilliant but eccentric scientist, meets Veronica Quaife , a journalist for Particle magazine, at a meet-the-press event held by Bartok Science Industries, the company that provides funding for Brundle\'s work. Seth takes Veronica back to the warehouse that serves as both his home and laboratory, and shows her a project that will change the world: a set of "Telepods" that allows instantaneous teleportation of an object from one pod to another. Veronica eventually agrees to document Seth\'s work. Although the Telepods can transport inanimate objects, they do not work properly on living things, as is demonstrated when a live baboon is turned inside-out during an experiment. Seth and Veronica begin a romantic relationship. Their first sexual encounter provides inspiration for Seth, who successfully reprograms the Telepod computer to cope with living creatures, and teleports a second baboon with no apparent harm. Flushed with this success, Brundle wants to spend a romantic evening with Veronica, but she suddenly departs before they can celebrate. Brundle\'s judgment soon becomes impaired by alcohol and his fear that Veronica is secretly rekindling her relationship with her editor and former lover, Stathis Borans . In reality, Veronica has left to confront Borans about a veiled threat of his  to publish the Telepod story without her consent. Upset, Brundle teleports himself in Veronica\'s absence, unaware that a common housefly is in the pod with him. Brundle emerges from the receiving pod, seemingly normal. Seth and Veronica reconcile, and, shortly after his teleportation, Seth begins to exhibit what at first appear to be beneficial effects of the process—such as increased strength, stamina and sexual potency. He believes this to be a result of the teleporting process "purifying" his body as it was being rebuilt. However, he soon becomes violent, and eventually realizes that something went horribly wrong when his fingernails begin falling off. Brundle checks his computer\'s records, and discovers that the Telepod computer, confused by the presence of two separate life-forms in the sending pod, merged him with the fly at the molecular-genetic level. Over the next few weeks, Brundle continues to deteriorate, losing various body parts and becoming progressively less human in appearance. He theorizes that he is slowly becoming a hybrid creature that is neither human nor insect . He starts to exhibit fly-like characteristics, such as vomiting digestive enzymes onto his food in order to dissolve it, and the ability to cling to walls and ceilings. Brundle realizes that he is losing his human reason and compassion, and that he is now being driven by primitive impulses he cannot control. Attempting to find a cure for his condition, Brundle installs a fusion program into the Telepod computer in order to dilute the fly genes in his body with pure human DNA. To her horror, Veronica learns that she is pregnant by Seth, and she cannot be sure if the child was conceived before or after his fateful teleportation. Veronica and Borans persuade a reluctant doctor to perform an abortion in the middle of the night, but Brundle abducts Veronica before the abortion can be carried out, and begs her to carry the child to term, since it could potentially be the last remnant of his untainted humanity. Veronica refuses, afraid that the child will be a hideous mutant. Meanwhile, Borans breaks into Brundle\'s lab with a shotgun and comes to Veronica\'s rescue, but is seriously injured and nearly killed by the almost fully transformed Brundle, who dissolves Borans\' left hand and right foot with his corrosive vomit-drop enzyme. Brundle then reveals his desperate, last-ditch plan to Veronica — he will use the three Telepods  to fuse himself, Veronica, and their unborn child together into one entity, so they can be the "ultimate family". Veronica frantically resists Brundle\'s efforts to drag her into Telepod 1 and then accidentally tears off his jaw, triggering his final transformation into a monstrous combination of man and insect. The "Brundlefly" traps Veronica inside Telepod 1, then steps into Telepod 2. However, the wounded Borans manages to sever the power cables connected to Veronica\'s Telepod with his shotgun, allowing Veronica to escape unharmed. Breaking out of its own pod as the fusion process is activated, Brundlefly is gruesomely fused with chunks of metal and other components from Telepod 2. As the mortally wounded Brundlefly-Telepod fusion creature crawls out of the receiving pod, it silently begs Veronica to end its suffering with Borans\' shotgun. Veronica hesitates for a moment, and then pulls the trigger, killing Brundle.'] ['Larry Coe is a Los Angeles architect who is married with two kids. He has a very bright wife, Eve. She is ambitious for him, but he wants to do work more imaginative than the commercial buildings he\'s been designing. He meets with Roger Altar, an author, to discuss building a house that will be an "experiment" and something Coe wants to do more of, something original. Maggie Gault is one of his neighbors whose son is friends with his. She tells Larry she has seen some of his previous houses and thinks that the more unconventional houses are the best. This encouragement is what he needs from his wife but hasn\'t been able to get. Both Larry and Maggie grow dissatisfied in their marriages. Larry\'s wife is too hard-headed and practical and Maggie\'s husband isn\'t interested in having sex with her. So they have an affair that involves meeting in secret. They both know what they\'re doing is wrong, and they are devoted to their children. Felix Anders is a neighbor who snoops around and finds out about their affair. His leering and insinuations make Larry realize the risks he\'s taking. He tells Maggie that they shouldn\'t see each other for a while. Felix, in the meantime, makes a play for Larry\'s wife. In a way, Felix is a personification of the tawdriness of Larry and Maggie\'s affair. After her near-rape by Felix, Eve wises up and realizes that Larry has been unfaithful. She confronts him. They agree to stay together and move to Hawaii, where Larry has been offered a job to design a city. Altar\'s house is finished but still empty. Maggie drives up to take a look at it. Larry shows up and they talk about how they can never be together. Larry wishes he and Maggie could live in the house and if they did, he would dig a moat around it and never leave it. Maggie says she loves him. The contractor for the house shows up and thinks Maggie is Larry\'s wife. They both take a moment to savor the irony of his remark and Maggie drives away.'] ['Andy McGee  met his future wife Vicky Tomlinson  in college while they were earning money by participating in an experiment in which they were given a dose of a low-grade hallucinogen called LOT-6. The experiment grants Vicky the ability to read minds; Andy can make people do and believe what he wants, but the effort gives him nosebleeds. Andy and Vicky went on to get married, and they now have a 9-year-old daughter named Charlene "Charlie" McGee , who can start fires at will, and also read minds. Andy comes home from work one day to find that Vicky has been tortured and murdered; the family had already suspected that the government agency that sponsored the experiment, the Department of Scientific Intelligence , was checking on them. The government wants to capture Charlie and harness her powerful firestarting ability as a weapon. Andy rescues Charlie from abduction by agents of The Shop, and for the next year they are on the run. To protect themselves, Andy writes letters to major newspapers, but mailing them reveals their location. The Shop sends the one-eyed agent John Rainbird  to capture them and stop the mail. At the Shop\'s facility, father and daughter are kept separated. Andy is medicated, and subjected to tests, which show his powers have decreased. Meanwhile, Rainbird takes the role of "John the friendly orderly" to befriend Charlie and encourage her to submit to tests. Charlie\'s demonstrated powers increase exponentially, and she continually demands to see her father. Andy stops swallowing his drugs and slowly recovers his power, which he uses to influence Captain Hollister  to arrange an escape from the facility. Charlie tells "John" about the escape, and he makes sure to be there. On his way to rendezvous with Charlie at the facility\'s stables, Andy learns about Rainbird\'s ruse, and reveals it to her. Andy forces Hollister to shoot at Rainbird; Rainbird kills Hollister and fatally wounds Andy, then is burned to death by Charlie. With his dying breath, Andy tells Charlie to destroy the facility and run, and she does, leaving the facility up in flames, killing many people.'] ['Margaret McGinty, a barmaid and former actress, is found hanged, and her lodger, Harold Taylor, caught at the scene, seems plainly guilty. Everyone believes it to be an open-and-shut case ... except for Miss Marple. She is the lone holdout in the jury that tries him, leading to a mistrial. Despite the disapproval of Inspector Craddock, Miss Marple decides to delve into the case. She poses as a gatherer for a church \'jumble sale\' to enter and search Mrs. McGinty\'s home. She finds a newspaper with words cut out and several programs for a murder mystery play recently performed in the town. These clues lead her to suspect Mrs. McGinty of blackmailing a member of the repertory company. She auditions for the repertory theatre players, the Cosgood Players, under their actor/manager Driffold Cosgood . Cosgood is unimpressed by her acting ability, but as she is willing to work for free and mentions she is independently wealthy, takes her on. Miss Marple knows she is on the right track when actor George Rowton  is poisoned moments later. She secures accommodation in the boarding house in which the cast are staying to further her investigation and Cosgood leaves a copy of his play Remember September in her bedroom to read. Narrowly avoiding an attempt to silence her , Miss Marple unmasks the killer. Cosgood appeals to her to finance Remember September, but she says "Mr Cosgood, whatever else I am, I am definitely no angel."'] ['{{Plot}} In 2003, Harvard University student Mark Zuckerberg  is dumped by his girlfriend Erica Albright  at a bar. He returns to his dorm drunk and writes a blog entry about her. This inspires him to create an on-campus website called Facemash which allows users to rate the attractiveness of female students using photographs pilfered from various university systems. Mark receives six months of academic probation after traffic to the site crashes parts of Harvard\'s network. Facemash\'s popularity and the fact that Mark created it in one night while drunk brings him to the attention of Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss  and their business partner Divya Narendra . The Winklevoss twins invite Mark to their final club, where Mark accepts a job as programmer for a proposed dating website they call Harvard Connection which will be exclusive to Harvard alumni. Mark approaches his friend Eduardo Saverin  and tells him of his idea for what he calls "Thefacebook", an online social networking website exclusive to Harvard University students. He explains that this would mimic the popularity of FaceMash but since signing up would be consensual it would avoid the ethical problems of the earlier site. Eduardo agrees to help Mark, providing $1,000 to help start the site. They distribute the link to Eduardo\'s connections at the Phoenix S-K final club, and it becomes popular throughout the student body. When they learn of Thefacebook, the Winklevoss twins and Narendra believe Zuckerberg has stolen their idea while stalling on their website. Tyler and Divya want to sue Mark for intellectual property theft, but Cameron convinces them to settle the matter as "Gentlemen of Harvard". During a visiting lecture by Bill Gates , fellow Harvard University student Christy Lee  introduces herself and her friend Alice  to Eduardo and Mark and asks the boys to "Facebook me". Christy\'s use of this phrase impresses both of them. Christy invites them to a bar, where Mark runs into Erica, who is not aware of Thefacebook because she is not a Harvard student. Mark decides to expand the site to Yale University, Columbia University and Stanford University as Thefacebook grows in popularity, while the Winklevoss twins and Narendra watch "their idea" advance without them. Cameron refuses to sue them, instead accusing Mark of violating the Harvard student Code of Conduct. Through their father Howard\'s  connections, they meet with Harvard President Larry Summers , who is dismissive towards the twins and sees no potential value in either a disciplinary action or in Thefacebook website itself. Through Christy, now Eduardo\'s girlfriend, Eduardo and Mark arrange a meeting with Napster co-founder Sean Parker . Eduardo becomes skeptical, noting Sean\'s problematic personal and professional history. Sean presents a vision for Facebook very similar to that of Mark, which earns Mark\'s instant admiration. In a parting comment, Sean suggests they drop the "The" from Thefacebook, saying it looks cleaner without the \'The\'. At Sean\'s suggestion, Mark moves the company to Palo Alto while Eduardo remains in New York seeking advertising support. Sean advises Mark to keep hold of his ownership of Facebook to ensure that Mark does not lose control of a potentially lucrative business venture. After Sean promises to expand Facebook to two continents, Mark invites Sean to live at the house he is using as the company headquarters. While competing in the Henley Royal Regatta for Harvard, the Winklevoss twins discover Facebook has expanded to a number of English universities and footage of their lost rowing race final against the Hollandia Roeiclub is posted on it. Cameron relents and they decide to sue. When Eduardo visits from New York, he is angered to find Sean living in their house and making business decisions for Facebook. Eduardo argues with Mark, with Mark making a demeaning remark regarding Eduardo\'s failed attempts to find advertisers. Eduardo freezes the company\'s bank account out of anger and returns to New York. Eduardo has been dismayed to learn that his girlfriend Christy is "psychotic," as he terms it. Upon his return to New York, Christy angrily confronts Eduardo about his Facebook profile, which lists him as "single". She refuses to believe Eduardo when he reluctantly explains that he does not know how to change his profile. She accuses him of cheating on her and sets fire to a scarf he gave to her. While Eduardo extinguishes the fire she caused, Mark reveals on the phone that although he was upset that Eduardo almost jeopardized Facebook by freezing the bank account, they have secured $500,000 from angel investor Peter Thiel . Eduardo breaks up with Christy and returns to California. While visiting the new headquarters for a meeting, Eduardo discovers the deal he signed with Sean\'s investors has allowed them to dilute his share of the company from 34 percent to 0.03 percent, while maintaining the ownership percentage of all other parties. He confronts Mark and announces his intention to sue him. During a party celebrating Facebook\'s one millionth member, Sean and a number of underage Facebook interns are arrested for possession of cocaine. Sean tries deceiving Mark into believing that he had nothing to do with the incident and that Eduardo stashed the cocaine, but Mark does not believe him and tells him to "go home". The story is intercut with scenes from depositions taken in lawsuits against Mark and Facebook—one filed by the Winklevoss twins, the other by Eduardo. The Winklevoss twins claim that Zuckerberg stole their idea, while Saverin claims his shares of Facebook were unfairly diluted when the company was incorporated. At the end, Marylin Delpy , a junior lawyer for the defense, informs Mark they will be settling with Eduardo, since the sordid details of Facebook\'s founding and Mark\'s callous attitude will make a jury highly unsympathetic. After everyone leaves, Mark sends a friend request to Erica Albright on Facebook, and refreshes the page every few seconds waiting for a response. An epilogue reveals the following information: Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss received a settlement of $65 million, signed a non-disclosure agreement, and rowed in the 2008 Beijing Olympics, placing sixth; Eduardo Saverin received a settlement of an unknown amount and his name was restored to the Facebook masthead as a Co-founder of Facebook; the website has over 500 million members in 207 countries and is valued at 25 billion dollars; and Mark Zuckerberg is the world\'s youngest billionaire.'] ['Sammy Rice ([[David_Farrar_ is a British scientist working with a specialist "back room" team in London during World War II. Rice is embittered because he feels military scientific research is being incompetently managed. He is also enduring unremitting pain from his artificial foot. The painkillers he has been prescribed are ineffective, and his use of alcohol as an analgesic has led to his alcoholism. His girlfriend Susan  puts up with his self-pitying, self-destructive behaviour as long as she can, but finally breaks up with him, telling him that he lacks the ambition to better himself. Rice is brought in by Captain Stuart  to help solve the problem of small booby-trapped explosive devices being dropped by Nazi bombers, which have killed four people, including three children. They receive some useful information from a critically wounded young soldier . Two further bombs are found at Chesil Beach: they look like thermos flasks. Stuart is first on the scene but has difficulty getting Rice on the telephone in his flat because Rice is angry, drunk and destructive . Rice quickly sobers up, but despite his advice to wait for him, Stuart goes ahead by himself and is blown up. Rice arrives later that day and sets to work on the second bomb after listening to the transcription taken by an ATS corporal . He discovers that the device has two booby traps, not one, and manages to defuse them both. When Rice returns to London, his self-esteem somewhat restored by his success, he is offered the position of head of the Army\'s new research unit. He accepts. Susan returns to him and they go back to his once wrecked flat to find everything has been restored.'] ['The three short sequences are based on the following Poe tales: "Morella", "The Black Cat" which is combined with another Poe tale, "The Cask of Amontillado"<ref name"Morella""The Black Cat""The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar" Dying from a painful disease, M. Valdemar  employs a hypnotist, Mr. Carmichael , to alleviate his suffering by putting him under various trances. He then remains between the world of the living and the dead. In a trance, Valdemar begs Carmichael to release his soul so he can die but Carmichael cruelly refuses. Months pass and Valdemar\'s putrifying body remains in his bed under the complete control of Carmichael. The hypnotist tries to force Valdemar\'s wife Helene  to marry him. When she refuses, he attacks her. Valdemar\'s putrid body rises from the bed and kills Carmichael. Helene is rescued by Valdemar\'s physician  and carried from the scene of horror.'] ['{{See also}}  Eragon  is a 15-year-old farm boy who lives in the small village of Carvahall in the fictional country of Alagaësia. The story begins with Arya, princess of Ellesméra, running for her life with a "stone" stolen from the king himself. She is surrounded by a ring of fire created by Durza, a shade  and to protect the "stone" from Durza, uses her magic to send it somewhere she hopes he will never find it. Meanwhile, while hunting, Eragon finds a large, blue dragon egg  from which hatches a blue dragon. Eragon decides to keep the baby dragon a secret. Eragon takes care of the dragon for a while as it grows up. The evil king Galbatorix sends the Ra\'zac  after Eragon and his dragon because he wants to be the only dragon rider in existence. Eragon\'s dragon grows up and she and Eragon can hear each other\'s thoughts. The dragon tells Eragon that her name is Saphira. When many people start getting killed because the Ra\'zac are hunting him, Eragon runs home to protect his uncle, but Saphira picks him up and tells him that the monsters are after him. When he finally gets home, Eragon finds his uncle dead and blames Saphira, telling her to go away. As is covering up his uncle\'s body, a man comes to the door, and because of his rage, Eragon charges at him with a large stick, but the man defends himself and realizes that Eragon is the dragon rider. Along the way to the Varden  Eragon learns magic, swordfighting, and dragon-riding from Brom  to fulfill his destiny: to overthrow the Empire and its king.'] ['{{Plot}} The movie begins with Massie Block screaming at her mother and father for ruining her original plans of going to an "end of the year" party because of the arrival of her father\'s best friend and his family, the Lyons, who are moving from Orlando to Westchester to live in the Block\'s guesthouse while they find a new house. Angry at her parents, Massie calls her three best friends Dylan, Alicia and Kristen and tells them false embarrassing facts about Shelby Wexler, the host of the party, and they decide not to go. Her mother later makes a deal that if is nice to the Lyons\' daughter Claire, she could go to the "end of the year" party. When the Lyons arrive, Massie immediately dislikes Claire. At dinner, Massie rushes the family just so she could leave for the party, but is annoyed when her mother invites Claire to go to the party. Massie pretends to be sick and goes to bed early. Later that night while talking with her mother about Massie\'s fashion style, Claire convinces her mother to take her shopping for new clothes to fit in with the people in town. The next day, while shopping Claire meets Dylan in the high-priced store offering her advice on how to get a pair of jeans when her mother refuses to because she wasn\'t a certain size. Dylan was nice and sweet to Claire, but was unaware of the fact that she was living in Massie\'s house and didn\'t approve. Claire finds a pair of white jeans she loves, which she finds to be a very fashionable outfit and worthy for Octavian Country Day School. Her mother wouldn\'t buy the pair of jeans because of the high price tag, but later surprises her with them. The next day, while riding her horse, Massie meets a boy named Chris Abeley, who she instantly develops a crush on. Chris is a high-school student at Briarwood, and he knew Massie from her parents\' annual charity auction. After flirting with Chris, they both agreed to meet the next week for riding in her parents\' private trail. On the first day of school, Claire goes to school with Massie and her driver. After being asked by Massie to switch for the backseat, the driver picks up Dylan, and they instantly recognize each other, but Dylan stops being nice to Claire because of Massie\'s disapproval. Alicia and Kristen are later picked up along and when Kristen asks Massie if they "like her" and Massie states with a firm, "No." While walking into the school, Claire runs into Chris Abeley, who is riding his skateboard and falls on top of Claire and the two talk. Massie sees this and storms into the school, furious at Claire. Claire comes by minutes later and asks Massie for a room location and Massie replies with a snide remark. Claire asks why is she acting like "a bitch", leading up to a fight. The girls then begin to plan a way to "ruin" Claire in result. During art class, Alicia spills red paint all over Claire\'s jeans and texts the other girls saying how it looks like Claire got her period. After seeing the red paint, the art teacher tells Claire to go to the nurse office; without telling her why. After looking for the office, Claire asks Dylan for directions who is outside, and she gives her false directions leading her to the class Massie is in  a person with lots of friends who secretly hate you; they all chose B, except Claire, who preferred to be a friendless loser. Although in the book this is switched and Massie admires her for her honesty  Alicia then makes a rude comment about how she "got her wish", implying that she is a friendless loser. Later while playing truth or dare Alicia asks Massie if she ever kissed a boy and Massie says to ask her after the auction, an it will be a definite yes, because of Chris Abeley. Massie then asks Claire who she likes, and Claire admits she likes Chris Abeley. Dylan points out that is the boy that Massie was talking about kissing and Claire assumes he\'s her boyfriend, to which Alicia makes a snappy comment. Kristen suggests they go to sleep. They shut off the lights, but Alicia makes a farting noise with her hands and frames Claire for the incident. Claire shoots a comeback saying it was the sound of Alicia\'s boobs rubbing together, knowing that she is sensitive about them. Claire soon after leaves, even though Massie says she doesn\'t have to. Claire shoots back with "Have to? I want to." Massie then lets Claire leave. The next day Layne arrives at the guest house to see Claire; where all the girls including Massie learn Layne is actually Chris Abeley\'s sister. To make Massie jealous, Claire purposely caresses Chris\' hair after being told he already has a girlfriend. Furiously, Massie goes horseback riding to meet with Chris and says to his surprise, that she has always liked Layne, and takes his cap saying she will auction it, so he\'d have to go to the auction. At school Massie pretends to be friends with Layne. Layne deserts Claire after being told by Massie that Claire ditched her to go to Massie\'s sleepover. Massie tells Layne that they will be secret friends and they hit the spa together, where Massie presses her for information about Chris, and if he ever talks about her. To which Layne replies he has never once mentioned her. Massie is embarrassed by Layne and her loud and obnoxious behavior in the spa. While waiting for Massie to arrive at their Glambition meeting at the Block\'s pool, Claire decides to go for a swim. She lies to the girls about the brand of her bathing suit  and they all decide to have fun swimming until Massie arrives and shoots down Claire, seeing through Claire\'s lie of her bathing suit brand. Claire\'s mother notices something is wrong, after seeing her daughter come home in tears, but Claire says not to worry because she\'ll talk to Massie about it. Claire goes to the Block\'s house to talk things out with Massie, and after seeing that the room was empty she hijacks Massie\'s I.M. and starts I.M.ing with Alicia pretending to be Massie; she says she now likes Claire and assigns the next day\'s wardrobe, shorts over tights; which everyone wears but Massie. The next night, Claire goes up to Massie\'s I.M. again, and insults Dylan saying her legs would not look good in a miniskirt. Dylan becomes mad at Massie and starts to wear long skirts to hide her legs. The next night, Claire hides Massie\'s dog, Bean, to gain more time at hijacking Massie\'s I.M. While I.M.ing Kristen her brother walks in to Massie\'s room to her surprise and starts looking at Massie\'s things while Claire was at the computer. She finds out Kristen\'s secret: her parents are actually poor and Kristen attends OCD on a scholarship. In exchange for Kristen\'s secret, Claire  tells her that she has befriended Layne and actually likes her. Claire escapes in time to get away from Massie by the aid of Todd. The next day, Kristen, Dylan and Alicia befriend Claire and ditch Massie, because they believe that she is friends with Layne instead of them now. Claire accepts, and even hangs out with them after school. They go to a designer store, and Alicia offers to buy her a dress for the charity auction and gives Claire her old phone, so they can keep in touch to hang out. Dylan invites Claire to her house, but Claire protests and says she has to be home by 5:00. However, Claire goes to Dylan\'s house anyway. Claire gets home to her mother, who had been worried sick for Claire. Her mom ends up banning her from hanging out with Alicia, Dylan, and Kristen because she felt her attitude has changed and demands her to return the expensive dresses. That night, Massie I.M.s all of her friends, but only Kristen replies after she told her the lip gloss tubes for Glambition had arrived. Kristen arrives to pick up the package when she and Massie get into a heated argument and find out about Claire\'s scheme. Afterwards the four hook up Claire in a conference call, telling her that her fun, as well as her, is over. The next day the girls come over and start working on a makeup recipe together to hand out at the school field trip to NYC. The girls suggest Massie jump out of a cake with a special outfit to surprise Chris Abeley on the day of the auction, since his birthday is the same day, and Massie decides to wear a custom-made t-shirt reading "I ♥ ChrisAbeley" while popping out of the cake. Claire then comes down with a long and somewhat guilty face and asks to borrow an egg, which Massie agrees to, throwing it at Claire, who runs out crying; Massie reassures her position as the leader of the Pretty Committee. Before departing for the school\'s field trip, Claire makes up with Layne. Massie and her friends start selling their lip gloss, causing many of the girls\' lips to swell after an allergic reaction to the peanut oil in the glosses  A friendless loser." It then cuts to a scene of Claire in bed, smelling her rose and telling her mother about the auction. She says she\'s not sure how long it\'s going to last. When her mother asks if she was talking about her friendship with Massie or the flower, Claire replies both. The film ends with Massie writing her State of the Union saying that Claire is both in and out.'] ['In 1989, Anthony Swofford  is being trained in a U.S. Marine Corps boot camp by the choleric, hard-boiled Drill Instructor Fitch ([[Scott MacDonald . After finishing boot camp, "Swoff" is dispatched to Camp Pendleton. Swoff then explains how he tried to fit into civilian life. He thought about going to college but he instead joins \'shows\' some highlights of his life including taking a \'dump\' and \'studying\'  with his girlfriend; who later cheats on him. Swofford finds boot camp tough as he struggles through making friends and living day to day. He then writes "fuck it" on a light billboard with large letters before the movie cuts to him sitting in the head. In the head trying to be "sick" , is slipped food under the door before he is approached by Staff Sergeant Sykes , a Marine "lifer" who invites Swofford to his Scout Sniper course. After arduous training sessions that claim the life of one candidate, Swofford is one of the 8 remaining from the original 60 candidates and is selected to be trained as a sniper and paired with his roommate Troy , who becomes Swofford\'s spotter. During all of this Swoff is put through his paces and learns a variety of sniper techniques. Although he first thinks of it as a joke, he starts to fall in love with the idea of getting to kill someone. Shortly after, Kuwait is invaded by Iraq and Swofford\'s unit is dispatched to the Persian Gulf as a part of Operation Desert Shield. Although the Marines are very eager to see combat action, they are forced to hydrate, wait, patrol the nearby area and adjust themselves to the arid environment. A main technique suggested for boredom and loneliness is masturbation. During the waiting period the "wall of shame" is shown and as Swoff is looking at it a fellow Marine  teases Swoff that its only a matter of time before Swoff\'s girl is up there. This greatly plays on Swoff\'s mind throughout his deployment. During an impromptu Christmas party thrown by Swofford, who has obtained unauthorized alcohol, Fergus , a member of Swofford\'s unit, accidentally sets fire to a tent and a crate of flares. Swofford gets the blame because he was supposed to be on watch but had Fergus sit in for him. As a consequence, Swofford is demoted from Lance Corporal  to Private  and is forced to undertake the degrading task of burning "diesel fuel" . The punishments, the heat and the boredom, combined with suspicions of his girlfriend\'s infidelity and feelings of isolation, temporarily drive Swofford to the point of mental breakdown. He threatens and nearly shoots fellow Marine Fergus then turns the weapon on himself and demands the traumatized Fergus to shoot him. When Fergus refuses Swofford leaves the tent. After the long stand in the desert, Operation Desert Storm, the coalition force\'s ground campaign, begins. The Marines are dispatched to the Saudi-Kuwaiti border. Briefly before the action begins, Swofford learns from Sykes that Troy concealed his criminal record when enlisting and will be discharged after the end of hostilities. Troy begins to keep distant from his fellow Marines. Knowing that Troy will never be allowed to re-enlist, the Marines brand him with a hot USMC iron, marking him as one of their own. Following an accidental air attack from friendly forces, the Marines advance through the desert, facing no enemies on the ground. The troops march through the Highway of Death, strewn with the burnt vehicles and charred bodies of retreating Iraqi soldiers, the aftermath of a U.S. bombing campaign. Later, the Marines suddenly catch sight of distant burning oil wells, lit only moments before by the retreating Iraqis, and they attempt to dig sleeping holes as a rain of crude oil falls from the sky. Before they can finish them, Sykes orders the squad to move to where the wind prevents the oil from raining on them. Swofford and Troy are finally given a combat mission. Their order is to shoot two high-ranking officers in Saddam\'s Republican Guard, holed up at a nearby airfield. At the last second before Swofford takes the shot, a high-ranking US officer interrupts them to call in an air strike. Swofford and Troy vehemently protest but they are overruled and later watch as the planes destroy the Iraqi airfield. On returning home the troops parade through the towns in a jovial celebration of victory. Swofford returns home to his family and girlfriend, but discovers her with a new boyfriend. Fowler is seen to be with a prostitute in a bar, Kruger  in a corporate boardroom, Escobar  as a supermarket employee, Cortez  as a father of three kids, and Sykes continuing his service as a First Sergeant in Operation Iraqi Freedom. An unspecified amount of time later Swofford learns of Troy\'s death  during a surprise visit from Fergus. He attends the funeral, meets some of his old friends, and afterwards he reminisces about the effects of the war.'] [" Sir Hugo is more interested in reconstructing dinosaur bones than in paying attention to his wife, Lady Harriet. He's not thrilled when daughter Cleo brings home her betrothed, Sidney, who aspires to be a poet. The new butler, Fledge, provides Lady Harriet with the attention she's been missing and then seduces Sidney. Did he have a role in Sidney's disappearance as well?"] ["Three friends who fought the Japanese in Malaya during World War II end up on opposing sides in the Communist insurgency following the war. Ferris  becomes a prosperous rubber plantation owner, with Dhana  his mistress is now head of a schoolteacher's union. The third former guerilla, Ng  goes to Moscow to obtain an education. When he returns, an even more committed revolutionary than during the war, Dhana is torn between the two. Ferris whose friendship with Ng makes him and his holdings exempt from terrorism, tries to steer clear of the conflict, but is inexorably drawn in when Dhana is arrested and sentenced to death for carrying explosives for the terrorists. As an additional complication, Candace Trumpey , the daughter of the British Resident who Ferris had met at the end of the war, has an infatuation with the worldly Ferris. The naive Candace offers herself as a hostage and falls into Ng's hands; he threatens to kill her if the sentence on Dharma is carried out. Ferris offers to flush Ng out in exchange for Dhana's life, but is given only seven days to do so."] ["The Namesake depicts the struggles of Ashoke and Ashima Ganguli (Irrfan Khan and [[Tabu , two first-generation immigrants from West Bengal, India to the United States, and their American-born children Gogol  and Sonia . The film takes place primarily in Kolkata, India; New York City; and various New York state suburbs. The story begins as Ashoke and Ashima leave Calcutta and settle in New York City. Through a series of miscues, their son's nickname, Gogol , becomes his official birth name, an event which will shape many aspects of his life. The film chronicles Gogol's cross-cultural experiences and his exploration of his Indian heritage, as the story shifts between the United States and India. Gogol starts off as a lazy, pot smoking teenager indifferent to his cultural background. He resents many of the customs and traditions his family upholds and doesn't understand his parents. After a summer trip to India before starting college at Yale, Gogol starts opening up to his culture and becomes more accepting of it. After college, Gogol changes his name to Nikhil . He works as an architect and dates Maxine , a Caucasian woman from a wealthy background. Gogol falls in love with Maxine and introduces her to his parents, who struggle to understand his modern, American perspectives on dating, marriage and love. They are hesitant and guarded when meeting her. Gogol gets along with Maxine's family and feels closer to them than he does his own family. Before he goes to Ohio for a teaching apprenticeship, Ashoke tells Gogol the story of how he came up with his name. Shortly after, while Gogol is vacationing with Maxine's family, Ashoke dies. Grieving, Gogol tries to be more like what he thinks his parents want him to be and begins following cultural customs more closely. He grows distant from Maxine and eventually breaks up with her. Gogol rekindles a friendship with Moushumi , the daughter of family friends. They begin dating and soon after get married. However, the marriage is short lived as Moushumi, bored with being a wife, begins having an affair with an old boyfriend from Paris. Gogol divorces Moushumi, while Ashima blames herself for pressuring Gogol to marry a fellow Bengali. Gogol returns home to help Ashima pack the house when he finds the book Ashoke gave him as a graduation present. Inspired, he decides to travel the world. As much as Gogol/Nikhil's experiences, the film tenderly describes the courtship and marriage of Ashima and Ashoke, and the effect of Ashoke's early death of a massive heart attack. Ashima's decision to move on with her life, selling the suburban family home and returning to Calcutta, unifies and ends the film."] ["Elizabeth von Arnim's novel tells the story of four dissimilar women in 1920s England who leave their damp and rainy environs to go on a holiday to a secluded coastal castle in Italy. Mrs Arbuthnot and Mrs Wilkins, who belong to the same ladies' club but have never spoken, become acquainted after reading a newspaper advertisement for a 'small mediaeval Italian castle on the shores of the Mediterranean to be let furnished for the month of April'. They find some common ground in that both are struggling to make the best of unhappy marriages. Having decided to seek other ladies to help share expenses, they reluctantly take on the waspish, elderly Mrs Fisher and the stunning, but aloof, Lady Caroline Dester. The four women come together at the castle and find rejuvenation in the tranquil beauty of their surroundings, rediscovering hope and love."] ['From his prison cell, Alan Musgrave dictates his experiences of the previous year, which he dedicated to fulfilling the unending wishes and ambitions of high school senior Barbara Ann Greene. The daughter of Marie, a cocktail waitress sinking unhappily into her forties, Barbara wants every kind of success and for everyone to love her. Signing a pact with Alan in wet cement, Barbara soon has the 12 cashmere sweaters needed to join an exclusive girls\' club. She drops out of school to become the principal\'s new secretary and gets involved in church activities run by strait-laced but hyper-hormonal Bob Bernard. When Barbara Ann decides she wants Bob for her husband, Alan facilitates by keeping Bob\'s eccentric mother Stella, who disapproves of Barbara Ann, perpetually plastered. Then Barbara meets schlock producer T. Harrison Belmont, the King of Beach Party movies, and decides to become the biggest star that ever was. Bob refuses, however, to allow his wife to have a Hollywood screen test, so Barbara Ann decides she wants a divorce. Since Bob\'s mother frowns upon divorce, Alan takes matters into his own hands to kill Bob. Although Bob proves to be almost indestructible, by graduation time Alan has him in a wheelchair. At the graduation ceremony, Alan pursues Bob with a tractor, humorously killing him and everyone else on the speakers platform. Barbara Ann goes on to Hollywood fame in her debut film "Bikini Widow", while Alan is sent to prison.{{fact}}'] ['Jack Ryan  is on a "working vacation" in London with his family. He has retired from the Central Intelligence Agency  and is a professor at the U.S. Naval Academy. They witness an attack on Lord William Holmes , British Secretary of State for Northern Ireland and a distant cousin of the Queen Mother. Ryan intervenes and kills one of the assailants, Patrick Miller, while his older brother Sean  looks on. Ryan is badly wounded. The remaining attackers flee and leave Miller to be apprehended by the police. While recovering, Ryan is called to testify in court against Miller, who is part of a fictional breakaway group of the Provisional Irish Republican Army. Ryan is awarded a knighthood and eventually returns to the U.S. While being transferred to Albany Prison on the Isle of Wight, Miller\'s escort convoy is ambushed by his comrades, including Kevin O\'Donnell , who kill the police officers, and he escapes. Miller and his companions flee to Northern Africa to plan their next attempt on Lord Holmes. Miller however, cannot shake his anger towards Ryan for killing his younger brother and persuades several members of the group to accompany him to the United States to murder Ryan and his family. Ryan survives an attack outside the U.S. Naval Academy. Simultaneously, Miller and an accomplice attack Ryan\'s wife and daughter on a busy highway. They crash and both are severely injured. Enraged over the attack on his family, Ryan decides to go back to work for the CIA, having earlier rejected the appeal of his former superior, Vice Admiral James Greer . Ryan\'s work leads him to conclude that Miller has taken refuge in a training camp in Libya. A British Special Air Service team attacks and kills everyone in the camp while Ryan looks on through a live satellite feed. Unbeknownst to Ryan, Miller and his companions had already fled the camp and were on their way to the US to stage their next attack. Lord Holmes decides to visit Ryan at his home to formally present his KCVO. With the aid of Lord Holmes\' traitorous assistant, Miller\'s group tracks Holmes to Ryan\'s home in Maryland, kill the U.S. Diplomatic Security Service agents and state troopers guarding the house, and attempt to kidnap Lord Holmes. Ryan leads Holmes and his family to safety while he attempts to lure Miller and his companions away from his home. The FBI\'s Hostage Rescue Team scrambles to pick up Holmes. Upon realizing that Ryan is leading them away from Holmes, Miller\'s companions try to persuade Miller to turn around, but an enraged Miller kills O\'Donnell and the rest of the group and continues his pursuit of Ryan. Ryan and Miller fight hand to hand; Miller is killed, and his body is obliterated in the subsequent explosion of the craft.'] ['In April 2054, Captain John Anderton  is chief of the highly controversial Washington, D.C., PreCrime police force. They use future visions generated by three "precogs", mutated humans with precognitive abilities, to stop murders; because of this, the city has been murder-free for six years. Though Anderton is a respected member of the force, he is addicted to Neuroin, an illegal psychoactive drug. His addiction started following the disappearance of his son Sean, which also caused his wife Lara to leave him. With the PreCrime force poised to go nationwide, the system is audited by Danny Witwer , a member of the United States Justice Department. During the audit, the precogs predict that Anderton will murder a man named Leo Crow in 36\xa0hours. Believing the incident to be a setup by Witwer, who is aware of Anderton\'s addiction, Anderton attempts to hide the case and quickly departs the area before Witwer begins a manhunt for him. Anderton seeks the advice of Dr. Iris Hineman , the lead researcher of the PreCrime technology. She explains to Anderton that sometimes the three precogs see different visions of the future, in which case the system only provides data on the two reports which agree; the "minority report", reflecting the potential future where a predicted killer would have done something different, is discarded. According to Dr. Hineman, the female precog Agatha is most likely to be the precog that witnesses the minority report. Anderton undergoes a dangerous underground eye replacement to avoid detection by the city\'s optical recognition system. He travels back to PreCrime and kidnaps Agatha , which disables the precogs\' hive mind and shuts down the system. Anderton takes Agatha to a shopping mall, and a hacker, who extracts both Agatha\'s vision of Crow\'s murder&mdash;with no differences from the other two precogs, so there was no minority report&mdash;and another of the murder of a woman named Anne Lively&mdash;which Agatha also showed to Anderton the day before he was incriminated. Anderton and Agatha then head to the apartment where Crow is to be killed. Inside, Anderton finds hundreds of pictures of children, one of which is of his son, and concludes that Crow is responsible for Sean\'s disappearance. When Crow arrives, Anderton holds him at gunpoint, but ultimately decides to control his anger and places Crow under arrest instead. Crow admits that he was hired to plant these photos and then be killed, so his family would be paid handsomely. Since Anderton refuses to kill him, Crow grabs the officer\'s hand and makes him fire at point-blank range, effectively committing suicide by cop. On the run, Anderton and Agatha approach his ex-wife Lara for refuge. Anderton learns Lively was Agatha\'s former drug-addicted mother, once before a target of a failed murder attempt after requesting to see her daughter before her death. Anderton realizes that his knowledge of the Lively case is why he is being targeted. Meanwhile, Witwer assesses Crow\'s "murder" and doubts that Anderton killed him in cold blood. He comes to recognize that the archival footage of Lively\'s murder shows what appears to be a future echo by one of the visions, routinely discarded by PreCrime, which he realizes is a different murder as nearby water is rippling in a different direction from the original PreCrime vision. He suspects someone used this to stage the first murder attempt, and then recreated the setting to actually kill Lively and avoid being detected by PreCrime. Witwer realizes that the murderer would had to have been someone high up in PreCrime to have access to the vision, and reports these findings to PreCrime\'s Director Lamar Burgess . Burgess, noting that the PreCrime division is currently disabled due to Agatha\'s absence, kills Witwer and frames Anderton for that murder as well. The PreCrime unit eventually captures Anderton and restores Agatha to the system. Burgess attempts to comfort Lara, but accidentally reveals that he was the one that killed Lively. Lara acts on this information and frees Anderton at gunpoint. At a banquet to celebrate the success of the PreCrime unit attended by Burgess, Anderton plays back Agatha\'s vision of Lively\'s murder for the gathered crowd, which shows Burgess as the murderer. While Burgess begins to hunt down Anderton, a new PreCrime report is created: Anderton is the victim and Burgess, the murderer. When Burgess catches up to Anderton, Anderton explains the impossible situation: if Burgess kills Anderton, he proves the system works but at the cost of a life sentence, while if he does not, the system will not have worked and the PreCrime division will be shut down. Anderton explains the fundamental flaw in the system: if one knows his or her future, he or she can change it. Burgess resolves the dilemma by killing himself. The PreCrime program is shut down and the prisoners are unconditionally pardoned and released, though police departments keep watch on many of them. Anderton and Lara remarry and start a new family. The precogs are sent to an "undisclosed location", a small uncharted island in the North Atlantic Ocean to live out a full happy life in peace.'] ["Sarah Norman  is a troubled young deaf woman working as a cleaner at a school for the deaf and hard of hearing in New England. An energetic new teacher, James Leeds , arrives at the school and encourages her to set aside her insular life by learning how to talk. As she already uses sign language, Sarah resists James's attempts to get her to talk. Romantic interest develops between James and Sarah and they are soon living together, though their differences and mutual stubbornness eventually strains their relationship to the breaking point, as he continues to want her to talk, and she feels somewhat stifled in his presence. Sarah leaves James and goes to live with her estranged mother  in a nearby city, reconciling with her in the process. However, she and James later find a way to resolve their differences."] ['The film begins with CIA director Maxwell Danforth  watching a filmed recording of agent Laurence Fassett  and his wife making love. When Fassett goes into the bathroom to take a shower two assassins enter the bedroom and kill his wife by holding her down and spraying poison into her nostrils. It is hinted that the woman was an innocent bystander sacrificed by Danforth as collateral damage. Fassett, unaware of his employer\'s involvement, goes almost insane with grief and rage and begins to hunt down the assassins, eventually uncovering a Soviet spy network known as Omega. Fassett is called into the director\'s office and says that he wants to turn some of Omega\'s agents to the side of the West, and he has the perfect opportunity in John Tanner , a controversial television journalist, highly critical of government abuses of power. Fassett explains that Tanner\'s closest friends are Omega agents. He believes Tanner could turn the Soviet spies into defecting. For proof, he offers videotaped evidence of Tanner\'s friends discussing financial matters with a Russian man, whom Fassett identifies as KGB. Tanner had met his friends years ago in college, and they have all gone on to successful careers. The spies are Bernard Osterman, a television producer, and two others: Richard Tremayne, a plastic surgeon, and stock trader Joseph Cardone. Tanner agrees, but only on the condition that the CIA appear as a guest on his show. Danforth agrees to this condition. Tanner has a troubled marriage with his wife Ali  that is not helped when Tanner asks her to avoid the upcoming Osterman weekend and to take their son. He does not want to involve them in the events but cannot tell her why he wants her to stay away. While Ali is driving to the airport, her truck is ambushed, and she and the child are kidnapped. In the meantime, Tanner\'s home has been wired with closed circuit video so Fassett can gather more evidence. The three spies arrive for the weekend, each having recently encountered difficulties engineered by the CIA in order to unsettle them and make them receptive to \'turning.\' Tensions flare up and on the second night Fassett puts a video-feed on Tanner\'s living room television, showing video evidence of the spy ring to the traitors. Having reached the breaking point, Ali and Virginia end up in a brief scuffle and everyone goes to their rooms. John\'s son discovers the decapitated head of the family dog in the refrigerator, but this turns out to be a fake head. John has had enough and orders everyone out of his house and then confronts Fassett and presents an ultimatum: arrest the suspects. Fassett orders a guard to kill the broadcaster. Meanwhile, Cardone and Tremayne have taken their wives and escaped in the Tanner\'s RV. Tanner confronts Osterman and tries to attack him but Osterman easily overpowers the television reporter and demands to know what is going on. Tanner tells him that he knows that Osterman and his friends are Soviet agents, which Osterman dismisses as being ridiculous. He states that they have been illegally stashing money away in Swiss bank accounts to avoid taxation, saying that "It ain\'t legal, but it sure as hell isn\'t traitorous." Then Fassett reappears on the television by closed circuit, admitting the truth: his friends are nothing more than tax evaders. Nevertheless, Fassett kills the Tremaynes and Cardones by detonating an explosive device on the RV by remote control and then orders his soldiers into the house to kill Osterman and Tanner. Using the televisions in the house and the video cameras, Fassett taunts Tanner during the attack on the house, having learned that Danforth authorized his wife\'s murder. Fassett tells John he will give his family back to him if he will expose Danforth on air. After an interval, we see Danforth preparing for his remote interview with Tanner. Danforth is at his office and will speak into a camera and microphone crewed by the TV station. Tanner introduces Fassett on the air, and Danforth explodes into a rage when he discovers he has been tricked. Fassett, who is also being filmed remotely, exposes Danforth as a murderer. Fassett\'s remote location is obviously secret, but it is clear someone is coming for him. It is revealed that Tanner himself has pre-recorded his questions for both men and has used the video feed to locate Fassett, whom he shoots and kills.'] ['{{quotation}} King Edward IV of England  has been placed on the throne with the help of his brother, Richard, Duke of Gloucester . After Edward\'s coronation in the Great Hall with his brothers George and Richard watching, he leaves with his son. Richard contemplates the throne, before advancing towards the audience and then addressing them, delivering a speech that outlines his physical deformities, including a hunched back and a withered arm. He goes on to describe his jealousy over his brother\'s rise to power in contrast to his lowly position. He dedicates himself to task and plans to frame his brother, George, Duke of Clarence , for conspiring to kill the King, and to have George sent to the Tower of London, by claiming George will murder Edward\'s heirs. He then tells his brother he will help him get out. Having confused and deceived the King, Richard proceeds with his plans after getting a warrant, and enlists two ruffians  to carry out his dirty work: George is murdered, drowned in a butt of wine. Though Edward had sent a pardon to Richard, Richard stopped it passing. Richard goes on to woo and seduce the Lady Anne , and though she hates him for killing her husband and father, she cannot resist and ends up marrying him. Richard then orchestrates disorder in the court, fueling rivalries, and setting the court against the Queen consort, Elizabeth . The King, weakened by exhaustion, appoints his brother, Richard, as Lord Protector, and dies soon after hearing of the death of George. Edward\'s son, soon to become Edward V , is met by Richard whilst en route to London. Richard has the Lord Chamberlain, Lord Hastings  arrested and executed, and forces the young King, along with his younger brother the Duke of York , to have a protracted stay at the Tower of London. With all obstacles now removed, Richard enlists the help of his cousin The Duke of Buckingham  to alter his public image, and to become popular with the people. In doing so, Richard becomes the people\'s first choice to become the new King. Buckingham had aided Richard on terms of being given the title of Earl of Hereford and the income from the accompanying land grant, but balks at the idea of murdering the two princes. Richard then asks a minor knight, Sir James Tyrrel , eager for advancement, to have young Edward and the Duke of York killed in the Tower of London. On requesting his earldom at Richard\'s coronation, Richard  shouts "I am not in the giving vein today!" Buckingham then fears for his life and joins the opposition against Richard\'s rule. Richard, now fearful due to his dwindling popularity, raises an army to defend his throne and the House of York against the House of Lancaster, led by Henry, Earl of Richmond , at Bosworth Field. Before the battle, however, Buckingham is captured and executed. On the eve of the battle, Richard is haunted by the ghosts of all those he has killed in his bloody ascent to the throne, and he wakes screaming. Richard composes himself, striding out to plan the battle for his generals, and gives a motivational speech to his troops. The two forces engage in battle, with the Lancastarians having the upper hand. Lord Stanley , whose loyalties had been questionable for some time, betrays Richard, and allies himself with Henry. Richard sees this and charges into the thick of battle, side-by-side with his loyal companion Sir William Catesby  in order to kill Richmond and end the battle quickly. Eventually Richard spots Richmond and they briefly engage in a duel before being interrupted by Stanley\'s men. Richard and Catesby are able to escape the oncoming forces, but, in doing so, Richard is knocked off his horse, loses his cherished crown, and becomes separated from Catesby, who is off seeking rescue. Searching desperately for Richmond, whom he has lost sight of, Richard cries out: "A horse! A horse! My kingdom for a horse!" Catesby finds the king and offers him withdrawal, but Richard refuses to flee. Catesby is then killed by Richmond\'s men without Richard even noticing. Richard then spots Lord Stanley, and engages him in single combat. Before a victor can emerge, the Lancastarian troops charge Richard, and fatally wound him. Richard convulses in several spasms and offers his sword to the sky before dying. Stanley orders Richard\'s body to be taken away, and then finds Richard\'s crown in a thorn bush. He then proceeds to offer it to Henry, leaving the crown of England in safe hands once again.'] ['Michael Cannon  returns to London after the Second World War and places advertisements in the personal column of various newspapers , in which "Biscuit" tries to get in touch with "Sea Wife". Eventually Cannon, who is Biscuit, receives a letter summoning him to the Ely Retreat and Mental Home. There he meets an ill man nicknamed "Bulldog" . Bulldog tries to persuade Biscuit to give the search. A flashback reveals the backstory. In 1942, people crowd aboard a ship, the San Felix, to get away before Singapore falls to the Japanese Army. Biscuit is brusquely shouldered aside by a determined older man , who insists the ship\'s black purser  evict the people from the cabin he has reserved. However, when he sees that it is occupied by children and nuns, he reluctantly relents. The nun with her back to him is the beautiful young Sister Therese . Later, the San Felix is torpedoed by a submarine. Biscuit, Sea Wife, Bulldog and Number Four manage to get to a small liferaft. Only Number Four knows that Sea Wife is a nun; she asks him to keep her secret. It soon becomes evident that Bulldog is a racist who does not trust Number Four. Later, they encounter a Japanese submarine whose captain at first refuses to give aid, but gives them food and water when Number Four talks to him in Japanese, though what he said is kept a secret between him and Sea Wife. They are nearly being swamped by a vessel which passes by so quickly they do not have a chance to signal for help, but eventually make it to a deserted island. When Number Four finds a machete, they build a raft. Number Four insists on keeping the machete to himself, which heightens Bulldog\'s distrust. Meanwhile, Biscuit falls in love with Sea Wife; she is tempted, but rejects his romantic advances without telling him why. Finally, they are ready to set sail. Bulldog tricks Number Four into going in search of his missing machete, then casts off without him. When Biscuit tries to stop him, Bulldog knocks him unconscious with an oar. Number Four tries to swim to the raft, but is killed by a shark. The survivors are eventually picked up by a ship, and Biscuit is taken to a hospital for a long recovery. By the time he is discharged, Sea Wife has gone. Thus, he searches for her via the newspaper advertisements. Bulldog tells Biscuit that Sea Wife died on the rescue ship. Biscuit leaves the grounds and walks past two nuns without noticing that Sea Wife is one of them. She watches him go in silence.'] ["Raymond Ding, a middle-aged Chinese American college professor, and Aurora Crane, his younger Hapa  girlfriend, have just split, but continue to drift in and out of each other's lives. Unable to fully let go, Raymond visits the apartment they once shared, during the day while Aurora is away. Aurora is haunted by flashbacks of moments from their relationship. Encouraged by their best friends to move on, Raymond and Aurora each begin new relationships. Aurora dates Steve, a Caucasian man closer to her age . Raymond dates Betty, a Vietnamese American colleague, whom he soon discovers is haunted by her own past. Race and identity issues begin to surface as Raymond and Aurora try to start new lives, but remain drawn to their past."] ["Martha Dennison, Edward Dennison's wife and heiress  seeks out professor Jonathan Brock  to help find her husband who disappeared four years earlier on an expedition towards the center of the Earth. At first Jonathan is hesitant to go despite Martha's offer to handsomely pay him, giving him the opportunity to pay off the debts left to him by his recently deceased father, while his nephew and aspiring journalist Abel is excited for the opportunity to get real life journalistic experience. After reviewing Edward's notes Jonathan is persuaded to go along. The two of them, along with Abel, go to the newly acquired Alaskan territory to gather information about Edward and his expedition and find a Russian guide, Sergei, to aide their search of her husband. They struggle to cover a large amount of ground in only 10 days based upon information recovered from a crudely drawn map. They find and enter a mine shaft in a volcano, venturing deep into the center of the earth. Along the way small signs are found of the previous expedition along with the skeleton of Mikael, a friend like a brother to Sergei, and see it as an ominous sign of what's ahead. Abel constantly lags behind taking notes and pictures of the journey and discovers a passage to a strange new land. They come out into a world that, at first, seems much like the surface except that it never gets dark despite there being no sun with a lush forest land and a large lake-like sea. Soon they encounter many prehistoric creatures and the adventure really begins. While Martha takes a bath and short swim she is attacked by some sort of creature in the sea, at the same time Jonathan and Sergei find some logs that were clearly cut down by a person using an Axe to make a raft to cross the sea. They use the left over logs and their supply of rope to make a raft of their own and notice several dinosaur-like birds flying above their heads in a vulture like fashion. As some of the birds move into attack they notice another large dinosaur in the water heading for their raft. Jonathan suggests shooting the birds to distract and feed the much larger and more lethal dinosaur in the water. They then discuss the nature of the creatures that they encountered noting that they seem to have come from different eras of development and may have escaped to this region to survive Ice Ages and other dinosaur-killing phenomenons. They then find another damaged raft, believed to be Edward's, and decide to make camp. While Abel goes exploring alone, Sergei reveals to Jonathan that he did not go along with Edward when he first came to Alaska because he did not trust him and blames himself for not stopping Mikael from joining the expedition that lead to his death. Abel encounters two native women in the forest and he gathers the rest to follow a trail that may lead them to more answers. While crossing a rather well-made bridge a group of hostile natives surrounds them and brings them to their village to meet their leader which is Edward himself, who acts rather coldly towards them and forces them bow and give up their weapons as a native custom. Edward elaborates the nature of his conditions, that the villagers believe him to be some kind of a god who has brought them prosperity and safety by sharing his wisdom which are actually ideas of indigenous survival he got from studying other civilizations. In a private discussion with him Martha admits that she is was expecting him to be more happy to see him, he then admits that he had never expected her to come for him and intends to stay there where he has power and influence compared to the world above where he found her power threatening. Edward makes a pass at Martha and she rebuffs him and he goes to the village priestess whom he regards as a new wife. While they are talking a group of natives encounters another and they join forces and free some prisoners. When Edwards leaves his tent and finds these people he begins to shoot at them and kills one young man in front of all the others claiming that he is a traitor. Martha slaps him causing him to bleed planting seeds of doubt that he is a god, he then explains that their leader  has doubted Edward from the start and started a resistance to his rule and that the presence of group has undercut Edward's power and that the resistance must be destroyed. Martha explains that Edward has always been this way and that his arrogance is what attracted her to him in the first place. Edward then loses the power and influence of the tribe as he has been revealed to be a false god and all of the villagers leave him. He then leaves all of his village gear behind and states that they must now leave and that their raft has been destroyed so they must take an ancient passage while the resistance is hot on their trail to stop them. The resistance advances upon them Edward holds out a single piece of Dynamite to ward of their attacks and when they reach the cave he lights the dynamite with the hope that it will seal the entrance to the cave that leads to the surface. When it fails to ignite, Edward leaves the cave and shoots the dynamite sealing the rest of the group in, and him out with the violent resistance. The team then struggles through water filled passages that lead them up through to the lake on the surface, where they originally found the entrance to the cave. On the surface they make a small memorial for Edward, who is presumed dead, and decide not to tell the secret of the world below, and to continue their adventures to the East Indies with Martha and Jonathan  as an item. Abel then writes at the end of his diary that everything he has written and drawn about is only a figment of his imagination as to discredit their discoveries."] ["In 1539 the Knight Templars of Malta, paid tribute to Charles V of Spain, by sending him a Golden Falcon encrusted from beak to claw with rarest jewels——but pirates seized the galley carrying this priceless token and the fate of the Maltese Falcon remains a mystery to this day——{{cite book}}—Introductory text appearing after the film's opening credits In 1941 San Francisco, private investigators Sam Spade  and Miles Archer  meet prospective client Miss Ruth Wonderly . She claims to be looking for her missing sister, who is involved with a man named Floyd Thursby. Wonderly is to meet Thursby. After receiving a substantial retainer, Archer volunteers to follow her that night and help get her sister back. That night, Spade is informed that Archer has been killed. He meets his friend, Police Detective Tom Polhaus , at the murder scene. He then calls Wonderly&#39;s hotel, but she has checked out. He is grilled by Polhaus and his supervisor, Lieutenant Dundy , who inform him that Thursby was also murdered that same evening. Dundy suggests that Spade had the opportunity and motive to kill Thursby, who likely killed Archer. Archer&#39;s widow  believes that Spade shot his partner so he could have her.  Later that morning, Spade meets Wonderly, now calling herself Brigid O&#39;Shaughnessy. She explains that Thursby was her partner and probably killed Archer, but claims to have no idea who killed Thursby. Spade agrees to investigate the murders. At his office, Spade meets Joel Cairo , who first offers him a $5,000 fee to find a &#34;black figure of a bird,&#34; then pulls a gun on him in order to search for it. Spade manages to knock Cairo out and go through his belongings. When Cairo revives, he hires Spade. Later that evening, Spade tells O&#39;Shaughnessy about Cairo. When Cairo shows up, it becomes clear that Spade&#39;s acquaintances know each other. Cairo becomes agitated when O&#39;Shaughnessy reveals that the &#34;Fat Man&#34; is in San Francisco.  In the morning, Spade goes to Cairo&#39;s hotel, where he spots Wilmer , a young man who had been following him earlier. He gives Wilmer a message for his boss, Kasper Gutman , the &#34;Fat Man&#34;. Spade meets Gutman. Gutman begins to talk about the Falcon, but becomes evasive, causing Spade to storm out. Later, Wilmer takes Spade at gunpoint to see Gutman. Spade overpowers Wilmer, but meets with Gutman anyway. Gutman relates the history of the Maltese Falcon. He offers Spade $25,000 for the bird and a quarter of the proceeds from its sale. Then Spade passes out; his drink was spiked. Wilmer, Gutman and Cairo  depart. When Spade awakens, he searches the suite and finds a newspaper with the arrival time of the freighter La Paloma circled. He goes to the dock, only to find the ship on fire, so he returns to his office. A man  clutching a bundle wrapped in newspaper bursts in and staggers toward Spade before dying. The contents of his wallet identify the dead man as Captain Jacobi of the La Paloma. The bundle contains the Maltese Falcon. The phone rings. O&#39;Shaughnessy gives an address and then screams before the line goes dead. Spade stashes the package in a bus terminal baggage room, then goes to the address. It turns out to be an empty lot. Spade returns home and finds O&#39;Shaughnessy hiding in a doorway. He takes her inside, and finds Gutman, Cairo, and Wilmer waiting for him, guns drawn. Gutman gives Spade $10,000 for the Falcon, but Spade tells them that part of his price is someone he can turn over to the police for the murders of Archer, Thursby, and Captain Jacobi. Spade suggests Wilmer as the best choice, since he certainly killed Thursby and Jacobi. After some intense negotiation, Gutman and Cairo agree; Wilmer is knocked out in a scuffle. Spade gets the details of what happened and who killed whom, so that he can present a convincing story to the police along with Wilmer. Just after dawn, Spade calls his secretary, Effie Perrine ([[Lee Patrick , to bring him the bundle. However, when Gutman inspects the black statuette, he discovers that it is a fake. He suggests that he and Cairo return to Istanbul to continue their quest. After they leave, Spade calls the police and tells them where to pick up the pair. Spade then angrily confronts O&#39;Shaughnessy, telling her he knows she killed Archer to implicate Thursby, her unwanted accomplice. O&#39;Shaughnessy cannot believe that Spade would turn her over to the police, but he does, despite his feelings for her."] ['San Francisco debutante Jessica Poole hasn\'t seen her father "Pogo" Poole since the divorce between him and her mother Katharine, many years before. Pogo went off to travel the world and enjoy himself, while Katharine remarried to stodgy banker Jim Dougherty. Now Jessica is about to marry Roger Henderson, a cattle rancher from the Napa Valley, and Pogo has been invited to the wedding. Pogo arrives, as charming as he ever was. He is delighted by Jessica, and captivates her in return. He makes peace with Katharine, and even wins over Toy, the Doughertys\' prized cook, though not Jim and Roger. But Pogo is still as irresponsible as before. He invites Jessica to come away with him and "see the world". He even tries to break up her engagement, to Katharine\'s dismay. He also seems to be coming between Jim and Katharine, who has never quite got over her love for him. Despite Pogo\'s maneuvers, the wedding goes through. But Pogo has reserved two airline tickets: who\'s going with him? Katharine, fearing that Pogo has won over Jessica after all, rushes to the airport. Jim, seeing Katharine leave the reception, fears she is leaving him for Pogo, and goes after her. They meet at the airport, and see Pogo boarding a plane - with Toy.'] ['{{plot}} The film tells the story of Fanny Price, whose mother, Mrs Price, married a relatively poor man for love and whose father cannot afford to support his large family. At the age of 10, Fanny is summoned to live with her wealthy relatives, the Bertram family (Sir Thomas, Lady Bertram  and their four children: Tom, Maria Bertram, Edmund and Julia; and Fanny\'s other maternal aunt, Mrs Norris, at Mansfield Park. Fanny\'s arrival is less than welcoming and it is made clear that she is to be treated differently from her cousins. Mrs. Norris treats her more like a servant than a relative. As the separation from her own family begins to overwhelm her, and she is told that she is expected to stay at Mansfield forever, Fanny is distressed. Her young cousin Edmund Bertram behaves kindly to her, and the two develop a friendship that grows as the years progress. When Fanny is eighteen, her uncle, Sir Thomas, travels to Antigua to deal with some problems there concerning his slaves. The Abolitionists are making inroads into freeing slaves, and the Bertram family is feeling the financial effects. Sir Thomas departs, taking the eldest son, Tom, with him. In Sir Thomas\' absence, the Bertram family life is disrupted by the arrival of Henry and Mary Crawford, relatives of the local clergyman. Mary and Henry are worldly, cynical and beautiful&nbsp;– and are looking for amusement. Edmund is instantly smitten with Mary, and devotes his time and attention to her, ignoring and hurting Fanny. Maria and Julia Bertram both vie for Henry Crawford\'s affections, even though Maria is already engaged to the rich but stupid Mr. Rushworth. Mr. Crawford is shamelessly flirtatious with Maria. Tom returns from Antigua, arriving drunk and bringing a friend, Mr. Yates, with him. Yates and Tom convince the Bertrams and Crawfords to stage a risque play, Lovers\' Vows. The play is a pretext that allows the young people to openly flirt with each other. Edmund is initially vocally against the play, but soon changes his mind when he is offered a part that allows him to act out love scenes with Mary Crawford. Just as things seem to be getting out of control, with Maria openly flirting with Henry Crawford in front of her bumbling fiance Rushworth, Sir Thomas arrives home. He is furious and immediately stops the play. Maria rushes into a marriage with Mr Rushworth&nbsp;– whom she does not love or respect, but whose money and house in London she wants&nbsp;– and leaves for Brighton, taking Julia with her. Henry Crawford, deprived of Maria, decides to pursue Fanny as a means to amuse himself. However, Fanny\'s gentle and kind nature captures his fancy, and Mr. Crawford finds himself emotionally attached to her. After his behaviour towards the Bertram girls, Fanny is disgusted by and distrusts Henry and does not believe his declarations of love. Even so, Henry asks Sir Thomas for Fanny\'s hand in marriage and she is urged to accept the advantageous offer. Fanny surprises and disappoints the Bertrams when she refuses. Angry and perplexed at her refusal, Sir Thomas gives Fanny an ultimatum&nbsp;– accept Henry\'s proposal of marriage or be sent back to her relatively poor family and experience the difference in comfort. Fanny looks to Edmund for support, but his indifference forces her to choose the latter. At home, she is reunited with her younger sister Susie, with whom she had been corresponding since she arrived at Mansfield. Several days after her return, Henry Crawford pays a visit, trying to convince Fanny that his affections for her are genuine and his intentions true. Although she looks more favorably on him, Fanny continues to cling to her feelings for Edmund and still rejects Crawford. Only when a letter from Edmund arrives which discloses his hopes of marrying Mary Crawford&nbsp;– he writes that Mary is the only woman he can see as his wife&nbsp;– does Fanny seriously consider Henry Crawford\'s offer. Finally, she concedes and accepts his proposal. However, Fanny realizes she does not trust Crawford, and takes back her acceptance the next day. Henry is furious and storms away. The next day, Edmund arrives to fetch Fanny and take her back to Mansfield to help tend to Tom, who has fallen ill and is near death. On the carriage ride, Edmund confesses he has missed Fanny, and she him, but Edmund hesitates to elaborate further because of his attachment to Mary Crawford. After her return to Mansfield Park, both the Crawfords and the Bertram sisters arrive. The now-married Maria rebukes Henry for trifling with her affections and then pursuing Fanny. Henry gains her pity when Maria learns of Fanny\'s decision not to marry him and together they succumb to their lust. Their indiscretion is discovered by Fanny when she accidentally walks in on them, and she runs to Edmund. But Fanny\'s inability to tell him of the affair leads Edmund to investigate for himself and witness his sister\'s adultery. Edmund returns to comfort Fanny and, caught up in the moment, nearly kisses her, but he remembers himself and pulls away. News of the scandal spreads rapidly and Mary Crawford quickly devises a plan to stifle the repercussions. Miss Crawford suggests that after Maria\'s divorce, Maria would marry Henry and Edmund would marry Mary and together they might re-introduce Henry and Maria back into society. Fanny questions Mary as to how a clergyman could afford lavish parties, Mary shocks everyone by stating that when Tom dies, Edmund will be heir to the family\'s fortune. Mary lays blame on Fanny, reasoning that had she married Henry, he would not have been tempted by Maria. Edmund is appalled and tells Mary that cheerfully condemning Tom to death whilst she plans to spend his money sends a chill to his heart. Having betrayed her true nature to the Bertram family, Mary, shamed, leaves the room. Edmund ultimately declares his love for Fanny, and they eventually marry. Sir Thomas gives up his plantation in Antigua and invests instead in tobacco. Tom recovers from his illness while Julia receives a love letter from Tom\'s friend, Mr. Yates. Fanny also mentions that her sister Susie had joined them at the Bertram household whilst Maria, whom Henry refused to marry, and crabby Mrs. Norris were forced to keep each other company by taking up residence in a small cottage removed from Mansfield Park. And as for the Crawford siblings, they have each found themselves "respectable" partners who agree with their particular lifestyle.'] ["When her husband dies in Sicily while on their honeymoon, Jessica, a nurse, decides to remain there rather than return home. She decides to become a midwife in the village of Forza d'Agro. Men of the town pay quite a bit of attention to the attractive Jessica, causing women to resent her presence. The wives conspire to abstain from relations with their husbands, reasoning if no babies are born, no midwife is needed. A parish priest, Father Antonio, disapproves of their scheme. Jessica develops a romantic interest in Edmondo Raumo, a marchese who has been a recluse since being injured during the war. Raumo elects to lie about his true identity, telling Jessica he is a humble fisherman. She becomes angry when the truth is finally known and intends to leave Sicily forever. A villager who has been kind to her, however, is dying, and the situation brings her closer to Raumo in the end."] ['The film alternates between 1957, when Martin & Lewis-like comedy team Lanny Morris and Vince Collins are at the height of their success, and 1972, when journalist Karen O\'Connor is determined to unravel the mystery of a young woman found dead in their hotel suite 15 years before. In 1957, immediately after hosting a 39-hour-long polio telethon in a Miami television studio, Morris and Collins fly north to open the new showroom of a New Jersey hotel run by mobster Sally San Marco, who has intimidated them into appearing, in order to improve his own image. In their New Jersey hotel suite, shortly after their arrival, the nude body of Miami college student Maureen O\'Flaherty is found in a bathtub. Maureen, an aspiring journalist working for the summer as a server at the comedy team\'s Miami hotel , had been researching an article for her school newspaper on the comedy team, and had interviewed them in Miami just before she disappeared. Police investigation in no way connects either Morris or Collins to Maureen\'s death, which is officially attributed to a drug overdose. But almost immediately after her body is discovered, the two men\'s comedy partnership is dissolved, despite their enormous success and the closeness of their dependence on one another. Meanwhile, many unanswered questions remain for any investigators of Maureen\'s death; the most confusing aspect is how Maureen\'s body made it from Miami to New Jersey at the same time the comedians were traveling. 15 years later, in 1972, Karen, who as a young polio survivor first met the duo at the same telethon portrayed in the movie\'s opening sequence, accepts a job to ghostwrite Vince Collins\' autobiography &mdash; a deal from which Collins will earn $1 million, which he badly needs. The project is complicated by the fact that she keeps receiving anonymously-sent chapters from a book about the one-time duo that Lanny Morris himself has written; Karen had some prior knowledge of Morris\' book project. Karen, who has idolized the comedians ever since first meeting them, encounters Morris, accompanied by his faithful valet Reuben, by chance in the first-class section of a flight, where she has to share a dinner table with them. Wishing to keep her identity secret, during the meal she introduces herself as "Bonnie Trout", the name of the best friend with whom she has traded apartments. Morris and Karen hit it off and have sex in his hotel. He disappears the next morning, apparently without leaving her a note. Under her own name, Karen begins to work on the Collins autobiography. Complications arise when Collins invites her to an all-day working session at his Los Angeles home and she learns that Morris will be joining them as well. Near-panic ensues; she abruptly invents an excuse to leave, but meets Lanny in the driveway, and her masquerade is revealed &mdash; Lanny discovers she has lied to him about who she is, and Collins discovers that the woman he thought was helping him write his memoirs is having or has had an affair with his ex-partner. He agrees to continue with the book, but creates a situation in which he hopes to be able to blackmail Karen into staying away from the story of Maureen O\'Flaherty, which is Karen\'s consuming interest. Thus, after plying Karen with wine and drugs, Collins manipulates her into having sex with a young aspiring singer named Alice. He photographs the two women in compromising positions and tells Karen that unless she tells the publisher that there is nothing odd or improper surrounding Maureen\'s death, he will make the pictures public. Karen discovers that Maureen had secretly recorded her interactions with Morris and Collins. Gradually, it becomes clear what really happened that night 15 years before: the three had engaged in a ménage à trois, fueled by drugs and booze, and at some point Collins tried to have sex with Morris, who resisted violently. When Collins retreated to his room, Maureen tried to blackmail Morris to keep this information secret: in 1957, it would have finished Collins professionally and personally if it had come out that he was bisexual. Collins passed out in his room, Morris in his, and Maureen fell asleep on the couch. In the morning, she was dead. Fifteen years later, Collins indeed faces the destruction of his life when Karen begins to uncover the story; Morris is horrified by the effects of what Karen is doing, and Karen discovers more about Morris\' "fix-it man", Reuben. While both Morris and Collins were convinced the other murdered Maureen, they smuggled her body in a crate full of lobsters  with Reuben\'s assistance, and the crate was shipped ahead of them to the New Jersey hotel. The tape recorder was on during the entire night, but the tape was missing all these years. Reuben confessed to Karen that he murdered Maureen to protect his employers\' reputations, and produces the tape to confirm his guilt. He asks Karen if her publishing company will pay him, say, $1 million for the tape. Karen puts two and two together and realizes that Reuben was blackmailing Vince Collins, demanding $1 million from him to keep quiet his bisexuality, proven on the tape, and perhaps his having murdered Maureen  So Reuben was demanding a million bucks for a murder he himself committed. At the end of the film, Vince is destroyed indeed, Lanny is furious at Karen for all that she has set in motion, and Karen has the answer to her mystery. Also, Karen tells Mrs. O\'Flaherty that she will publish the truth only after an innocent bystander has died--referring  to Maureen\'s mother, who would have been crushed to learn of her daughter\'s sexual activities and her attempted foray into blackmail.'] ['In 1950s England, Mr Stevens , the butler of Darlington Hall, receives a letter from Miss Kenton , who worked with him as housekeeper during the years prior to the Second World War. Twenty years later, Lord Darlington  has died and his stately country manor has been sold to a retired American Congressman, Mr. Lewis . Kenton reveals that her marriage has failed and that she is nostalgic for the days when she worked at the house. Stevens  goes to visit Miss Kenton, ostensibly to persuade her to return to service. The film flashes back to Kenton\'s arrival as housekeeper. At the time, Darlington Hall was frequented by many politicians of the interwar period, men who decided important affairs of state while there. Stevens, loyal and perfectionistic, calm and efficient, had to manage the household so that the servants seemed almost invisible, and he took great pride in his skills and his profession. He clashed with Miss Kenton, his equal in the household hierarchy, but displayed only understated irritation with her and others. Indeed, his utter focus and emotional repression were most fully displayed when his own father, also an employee, was dying; Stevens continued his duties without pause. Miss Kenton was equally efficient and strong-willed but warmer and less repressed. Relations between the two eventually warmed and Kenton even teased Stevens. It becomes clear that she had fallen in love with him, and perhaps he with her, though his feelings are left ambiguous. She tried to break through the wall, but Stevens\' coldness was too formidable. Finally, she struck up a relationship with another man and married him, leaving the house just before the outbreak of World War II. Before her departure, she insulted Stevens, clearly out of distress that he had never expressed any emotional interest in her, but he still refused to be moved. When she cried in frustration, the only response he could muster was to call her attention to a domestic task. Lord Darlington used his influence to broker the policy of appeasement towards Nazi Germany, based on his belief that Germany had been unfairly treated by the Treaty of Versailles following World War I. Most of his guests at a series of conferences and meetings were like-minded British and European aristocrats. The exception was the American Congressman Lewis, depicted as younger and much more worldly than other dignitaries. He eventually lost patience with Lord Darlington\'s naive schemes and argued in favour of the foreign policy being conducted by "professionals" rather than by "gentlemen amateurs" . After reading the work of Houston Stewart Chamberlain, Lord Darlington commanded that two German-Jewish maids should be dismissed, considering their employment inappropriate. Stevens carried out the order but Miss Kenton almost resigned in protest, fearing that the girls would have to return to Germany; her own need for employment caused her to avoid following through. Darlington later regretted his decision and asked Stevens to reinstate the maids, but they could not be located. Darlington died a broken man, his reputation destroyed after he had been denounced a traitor in the Daily Mail . When asked about his former employer, Stevens at first denies having served or even met him but later admits to having served him. He recognizes his former master\'s failings and indicates that he has regrets about his own life, as does Miss Kenton . However, Kenton declines Stevens\' offer to return to Darlington Hall, announcing instead that she wants to remain with her husband, since their daughter is soon to present them with a grandchild. After the meeting, Stevens departs for Darlington Hall in a downpour of rain. Kenton cries, while Stevens, still unable to demonstrate any feeling, simply raises his hat. The film\'s final scene shows Stevens making the final preparations to Darlington Hall in preparation for the arrival of Congressman Lewis\' family. As the two men enter the banquet hall, where a table tennis table now lies, Congressman Lewis reflects on the banquet that he attended in this room in 1935 and admits embarrassment over his comments . He asks Stevens if he remembers the comments, to which Stevens replies that he was too busy serving. Symbolically, a pigeon then flies into the room through the fireplace and becomes trapped in the hall. The two men eventually coax it out through a window and it flees to freedom, leaving Stevens and Darlington Hall behind.'] ['{{Plot}} Jack Leary , his younger brother Dylan , and father John  start over in Oakland, California in 1972, following the death of the boys\' mother. John, who hosted a children\'s program back in Syracuse, now hosts the local late-night show Midnight Shriek, entertaining the audience during horror films as "Al Gory." He is devoted to his two sons, though his drinking problem disrupts the smooth running of the household, as some of his parental duties fall to Jack, who also rebels against his father\'s off-beat personality. One of the Learys\' neighbors, a young man named Norman Strick  who walks with a cane due to a twisted leg, shows up at their home one Halloween evening, seeking a donation for a racially-prejudiced candidate. John refuses, and shuts the door in Norman\'s face. Obviously bothered that Norman lives across the street, John gets drunk, and his performance on his TV show mimics the racially-charged beliefs of his neo-Nazi neighbor. He is subsequently asked to take time off from his show. The morning after John\'s performance, Jack finds Norman\'s dog, Cheyenne, dead on their front lawn. Jack encourages John to talk to Norman about it, and though John apologizes for his actions on television and insists he did not poison Cheyenne, Norman refuses to shake John\'s hand. Jack has a young love affair with Karen Morris , but after his father\'s disastrous performance on television, she breaks up with him. Jack\'s world begins to tear apart, and the pressure of filling in for his father begins to take its toll. He begins to take out his anger on Dylan, is seen taking a drink just like his father, and he begins to curse when angry. Dylan disappears and next-door neighbor Dexter  claims Norman kidnapped him. Jack calls the police and he and John are extremely worried until Dylan is found in a nearby forest. While Norman did not physically hurt him, being abandoned in the woods for so long has left Dylan traumitized and appears left unable to speak from it. Norman has vanished, and days later, Dylan still has not spoken. During a visit from his disapproving in-laws, John takes out his frustration by going to the Strick home with a bat. Norman is not there, and after John briefly terrorizes the man\'s parents , John destroys Norman\'s beloved T-Bird with the bat. John, fearful of his current state, lets his in-laws take the boys to their Los Angeles home. Jack decides that he cannot handle the parenting methods of his grandfather , and sneaks back to Oakland. John, meanwhile, decides to try and give up drinking and spends the day trying to get his job back. Jack arrives home, while he\'s still out, and falls asleep to the TV. John arrives home and shortly after, Jack is awoken by the electricity going off. We see someone walking with a cane, indicating that Norman has gained entry to the home. Jack knows there is an intruder, and he accidentally knocks John out with a bat. Norman says "Home run, Jack", and chases Jack upstairs and out the bathroom window. Jack jumps for a branch in a nearby tree, and Norman pursues him. John has recovered, and yells from the window, warning the neo-Nazi to stay away from his son. Jack screams for his father. As Norman crawls toward him, Jack watches in horror as the man falls into his neighbor\'s yard and is attacked and killed by the neighbor\'s Doberman Pinschers. Soon after, Norman\'s parents move away and Dylan returns home. John gets his job back, but shows more comical horror films, like Abbott and Costello. One afternoon, the neighborhood children all appear and ask if John will play a monster game with them . However, after his experiences with Norman, he tells the children he won\'t play monster game anymore. When they ask him why, John sees Dexter . Dexter, who has a something of a side story in the movie and comes from a broken home with his grandparents, has now strayed from his friends after he had become acquainted with Norman. As John watches Dexter smoking a cigarette, realizing he\'s going down a dark path. John looks to the children that there are real monsters out there, but he promises to play another better game with them. In the end scene, Jack is playing his mother\'s favorite song at the piano and asks his still mute brother what it was. He doesn\'t appear to remember. Jack, then breaks down crying and tells John that "Nothing is all right." "Then we\'re going to make it all right." John answers, adding "Daddy\'s here" as he and his son embrace having reached their point. Dylan, then, comes over and answers "Jack the Bear." All three embrace emotionally. The final scene fades as John watches his sons playing in the front yard.'] ["Violette Szabo is a young woman whose father is English and mother is French, living in London during World War II. She meets French Army officer Etienne Szabo, stationed in the city, and within three days they become engaged to be married. They have a daughter, Tania, but Etienne never sees her as he is killed fighting in North Africa; she and the daughter move into her parents' home. Because of her linguistic skills, the widow is recruited as a spy by the British government. On her first mission, she is teamed with Captain Tony Fraser , a man she had met earlier socially and liked. She parachutes into France, and shares a train compartment to Rouen with curious Nazi soldiers. The French Resistance group Fraser had set up in Rouen has been betrayed. Their job is to contact any survivors and to blow up a major railway viaduct. One Resistance member who Szabo contacts tells her that another survivor, a garage mechanic , is suspect, but Szabo takes the risk of meeting him anyway. He informs her that only three of 98 group members remain. Nonetheless, she persuades him to try to blow up the viaduct. Szabo is picked up and questioned by the Gestapo. She is released . She, however, manages to rendezvous in Paris with Fraser, who congratulates her: the viaduct was destroyed. After their return to England, Fraser assures Szabo that she will not have to go behind enemy lines again, but due to the shortage of experienced agents, she is asked to do just that. She agrees, parachuting into France. Once again, she is under Fraser's command, this time in the Limoges region. She sets out with a guide to contact the various Resistance units to coordinate their actions. However, as they drive through a village, they see another Frenchman shooting two German soldiers passing by on motorcycles, and she and her guide become engaged in a running firefight with a German patrol. When she twists her ankle while fleeing, she remains behind to cover the guide's escape as he swims a river. She runs out of ammunition and is captured. Though tortured, she defiantly refuses to provide any information. Eventually she is reunited with two fellow women agents she had befriended during their initial training, Lilian Rolfe and Denise Bloch, in a Nazi Paris prison. As Allied forces advance on Paris, the women are placed on a train for Germany. When the train is bombed by Allied aircraft, the women have a chance to attempt to escape, but Szabo instead fetches water for male prisoners. One of them is Fraser. An uncredited Michael Caine plays the prisoner who leans forward and calls to Szabo for water; in real life, that was the war hero F. F. E. Yeo-Thomas . That night, Szabo and Fraser acknowledge their love for each other. The men and women are separated. The three women are taken to a concentration camp, where, one day, they are executed. After the war, Tania and her grandparents go to Buckingham Palace, where the King gives her her mother's posthumous George Cross. Afterward, they meet Fraser."] ['On the Italian front during World War I, Frederic Henry , an American serving as an ambulance driver in the Italian Army, delivers some wounded soldiers to a hospital. There he meets his friend, Italian Major Rinaldi , a doctor. They go out carousing, but are interrupted by a bombing raid. Frederic and English Red Cross nurse Catherine Barkley  take shelter in the same place. The somewhat drunk Frederic makes a poor first impression. Rinaldi persuades Frederic to go on a double date with him and two nurses, Catherine and her friend Helen Ferguson . However, Rinaldi becomes annoyed when Frederic prefers Catherine, the woman the major had chosen for himself. Away by themselves, Frederic learns that she was engaged to a soldier who was killed in battle. In the darkness, he seduces her, over her half-hearted resistance, and is surprised to discover she is a virgin. Their relationship  is discovered. At Rinaldi\'s suggestion, Catherine is transferred to Milan. When Frederick is wounded by artillery, he finds himself in the hospital where Catherine now works. They continue their affair until he is sent back to the war. Now pregnant, Catherine runs away to Switzerland, but her many letters to her lover are intercepted by Rinaldi, who feels he needs to rescue his friend from the romantic entanglement. Meanwhile, Frederic\'s letters to her are sent to the hospital which she has abandoned. When Frederic cannot stand it any longer, he deserts to find Catherine. Returning first to the hospital in Milan, he attempts to convince the reluctant Ferguson to reveal Catherine\'s whereabouts to him. Displaying animosity toward Frederic, all she reveals finally is that Catherine has left and is pregnant with Frederic\'s child. Rinaldi visits him at the hotel where he is hiding, and, upon hearing of Catherine\'s pregnancy, out of remorse for having interfered with their correspondence, tells Frederic where she is living. He rows across a lake to her. Meanwhile, Catherine is delighted when she is told she has finally received some mail, but faints when she is given all of her letters, marked "Return to Sender". She is taken to the hospital, where her child is delivered stillborn. She herself is in grave danger. Frederic arrives, and just as an armistice between Italy and Austria-Hungary is announced, Catherine dies, with him at her side.'] ['The Rico brothers are mobsters in the employ of a syndicate head, Sid Kubick . Eddie Rico  has given up crime, but the other Ricos  have not. This causes a rift in the family. Eddie gets word that his brothers have been marked for murder. He tries to warn them, yet what Eddie does not know, at least until the last moments of the film, is that Kubick is the man who has ordered the Rico boys murdered.'] ["Although he aspires to be an artist, middle class Charles Ryder is studying history at the University of Oxford, where he befriends wealthy Lord Sebastian Flyte, a flamboyant homosexual and alcoholic. Sebastian's family, the noble Marchmains, strongly disapprove of both proclivities. When Sebastian takes him home to visit his nanny, Charles is enthralled by the grandeur of the Marchmain family estate, known as Brideshead, and he is entranced by its residents, including the devout Catholic Lady Marchmain and her other children, Sebastian's elder brother Bridey and his younger sisters Julia and Cordelia. When Lord Marchmain invites Sebastian and Julia to visit him and his mistress Cara in Venice, Lady Marchmain encourages Charles to accompany them in the hope he can be a positive influence on her son. Increasingly interested in Julia, Charles surreptitiously kisses her in a dark alley, unaware Sebastian is watching from the opposite side of the canal. Jealous of his attention to his sibling, Sebastian ends their friendship. On their return to England, Lady Marchmain makes it clear Charles cannot marry her daughter since he professes to be an atheist. Sebastian's allowance is rescinded by his mother, who is concerned about his increasing alcoholism. During a visit to Brideshead, Ryder gives Sebastian money, which he uses to purchase alcohol. When he arrives drunk and improperly dressed at a ball celebrating Julia's engagement to Canadian Rex Mottram, Lady Marchmain blames Charles and tells him he no longer is welcome at Brideshead. Sebastian flees to Morocco where, at the request of the now terminally ill Lady Marchmain, Charles finds him hospitalised. His plan to bring him home is disrupted when the doctor warns him Sebastian is too ill to travel. Years later, Charles - now married and a successful painter - reunites with Julia on an ocean liner en route to England from New York. They realize they are still in love and decide to leave their respective spouses and live together in Italy. Charles returns to Brideshead and persuades Rex to step aside so he and Julia can be together. Rex agrees to the proposal in exchange for two of Charles' paintings, an arrangement that shocks and angers Julia, who feels like bartered goods. Without warning, a dying Lord Marchmain and Cara arrive at Brideshead so he can spend his final days in his former home. On his deathbed Lord Marchmain, hitherto an atheist, regains his faith and dies a reconciled Catholic. Deeply affected by her father's transformation, Julia decides she cannot relinquish her faith to marry Charles, and the two part. Several years later, during World War II, Charles - now a disillusioned army captain - finds himself once again at Brideshead, which has been requisitioned by the army for a military base. A corporal tells him Julia is serving in the reserves and her elder brother was killed during The Blitz. In the movie's final scene, Charles visits the family chapel, where he finds a single lit candle. He dips his hand in holy water and is about to snuff out the candle between his fingers, but he changes his mind and leaves the flame burning."] ['Sisters Lisa  and Jenny  arrive at the resort town of Snowfield, Colorado where Jenny is the town Doctor. They discover that the town is empty, but also find the bodies of their cleaning lady and a police officer. They join Sheriff Bryce Hammond  and his deputies Stu Wargle  and Steve Shanning  in investigating. Deputy Shanning, going to investigate screaming heard outside, then disappears in a flash of light, leaving behind his gun, hat and shoes. When they arrive at a nearby hotel, they are attacked by a creature who kills Deputy Wargle. Responding to a scrawled message in a hotel room, they contact Professor Flyte , who tells them the creature is an Ancient Enemy who periodically wipes out civilizations. An Army commando unit arrives with plans to destroy the enemy, and is systematically wiped out by it. Flyte discovers that the creature\'s body is physiologically almost identical to crude oil, and theorizes that bacteria bioengineered to break down oil spills should kill it. The Mobile Lab has such bacteria samples aboard, in case of terrorist attacks. Bryce is determined to kill the creature after it takes the form of a boy he accidentally killed during an FBI drug raid. Bryce sprays it with the bacteria, destroying the creature. Bryce reassures Lisa and Jenny that it is gone, but Flyte thinks it won, and announces he is going to tell the world what happened. Flyte releases a book titled "The Ancient Enemy", which is based on his experiences. Later, two bar patrons argue about the existence of alien life. Nearby, a sheriff\'s deputy starts to laugh. The deputy, formerly known as Stu Wargle turns around and asks them,"Do you want to see something?"{{cite web}}'] ['When a prank on fellow high-school student Clay Gephardt goes wrong, popular but rebellious Landon Carter  is threatened with expulsion. His punishment is mandatory participation in various after-school activities, such as the drama club, where he is forced to interact with quiet, kind and bookish Jamie Sullivan , a girl he has known for many years but to whom he has rarely ever spoken. Their differing social statures leave them worlds apart, despite their close physical proximity. When Landon has trouble learning his lines he asks Jamie for help. They begin practicing together at her house after school. At first Landon is only using Jamie for her help with the play, and treats her coldly when his other friends are around. But as he spends more and more time with her, he is surprised to find she is far from the person he thought she was, and begins to question who he really wants to impress. During the play, Jamie astounds Landon and the entire audience with her beauty and voice, and Landon kisses her on the stage. Afterwards, he tries to get closer to her, but she repeatedly rejects him. Soon thereafter, however, Landon\'s friends publicly humiliate Jamie by altering a photograph of her and placing her head on the body of a scantily clad woman. Landon angrily confronts his former friend, punching him and publicly siding with Jamie. Afterwards, Landon and Jamie begin a relationship in which Landon dedicates most of his time to her. He discovers that she has a wish list, and sets out to make all her ambitions come true, such as taking her to a state border so that she can stand on either side of the line and, thus, be in two places at once. In the final stretch of the movie, Jamie confesses to Landon that she is afflicted by terminal leukemia and has stopped responding to treatments. Landon gets upset at first, and Jamie tells him the reason she didn\'t tell him is that she was moving on with her life and using the time she had left but then Landon happened and she fell in love with him. Jamie\'s cancer gets worse, her father rushes her to the hospital where he meets Landon. Landon doesn\'t leave Jamie\'s side until her father practically has to pry him away. Jamie\'s father sits with Jamie and tells her that "If I\'ve kept you too close, it\'s because I want to keep you longer." Soon, word gets out about Jamie\'s illness. Eric, Landon\'s best friend, comes and tells him how sorry he is and that he didn\'t understand. Other friends come and apologize too. Later, Jamie gives Landon a book that was her mother\'s filled with quotes. Landon reads 1 Corinthians 13:4-8 along with her. Jamie then tells Landon that she believes that God sent him to her to help her through her illness and that he\'s her angel. He later learns that his estranged father is going to pay for private home care for Jamie. Landon shows up at his father\'s door and thanks him before breaking down in tears as his father hugs him. Landon continues to fulfill various wishes on Jamie\'s list, such as building her a telescope so she can see a comet. Through this process, Landon and Jamie learn more about the nature of love. Landon is finally able to grant Jamie\'s top wish by marrying her in the same chapel her parents got married in. Landon narrates that they had a perfect summer together with more love than anybody could possibly know and that she died soon after. Landon himself becomes a better person through Jamie\'s memory, achieving the goals that he set out to do, like she did. Four years later, Landon visits Jamie\'s father and shows that he is still a better person because of Jamie by informing her father that he has been accepted into medical school; prior to falling in love with Jamie, he had no plans for his future after high school. Jamie\'s father tells him that both he and his mother are proud of him and that Jamie would be too. Landon tells him that he\'s sorry he never granted Jamie\'s wish to witness a miracle. Jamie\'s father tells him that she did in fact witness one: it was he. Carrying that thought, Landon goes for a walk on the docks where he narrates saying that Jamie changed him forever and that while he misses her, he believes their love is like the wind: he can\'t see it, but he can feel it. The movie ends with Landon, looking at the sunset, smiling.'] ['Hesther Prynne has a child out of wedlock and refuses to name the father . For this, she is sentenced to wear a red letter "A" . Her husband is long missing and presumed dead. When the husband returns and finds his wife with another man\'s child, he sets out to torture them. At last, the father reveals himself, with a letter "A" carved in his chest.  {{Empty section}}'] ['Bissinger followed the team for the entire 1988 season, which culminated in a loss in the State semifinals against Carter High School from Dallas, who eventually went on to win the championship game but would have their title stripped for playing an ineligible player. However, the book also deals with — or alludes to — a number of secondary political and social issues existing in Odessa, all of which share ties to the Permian Panthers football team. These include socioeconomic disparity; racism; segregation ; and poverty. The coach, Gary Gaines , is constantly in the hot seat. Tied to the successes and failure of the coach and the team in general are the conflicts the players struggle with on and off the gridiron. The coach overuses his star player and running back James "Boobie" Miles  who gets seriously injured . When this happens, sports radios are flooded with calls for his resignation. Miles\' once-arrogant attitude vanishes as he sees his once promising chance of playing big-time college football disappear and starts to question his future after he notices his not-so promising academic standing. Recuperating on his uncle\'s veranda he observes the refuse collectors doing their rounds and gets a glimpse of a somewhat different future he could now face; he bursts into tears. Quarterback Mike Winchell  struggles with being able to play consistently. Fullback Don Billingsley  has a rocky relationship with his alcoholic and abusive father . Billingsley silently endures the abuse from his father, who won a state championship at Permian only to find himself unable to get into college and stuck working a dead-end job. Third-string running back Chris Comer , who takes the spot of Miles after his injury, attempts to get rid of his fear of being hit and getting injured, especially when the player who last occupied his spot suffered a season ending injury. His obsession with fame and recognition also comes at a high price that he is at first not ready to pay. Safety Brian Chavez  is easily the smartest player on the team, and the most confident in his future after high school football. One of the themes of the movie depicts the coach as a father-type figure for the players. Coach Gaines triumphs and struggles with winning football games and connecting with his players a number of times during their tumultuous season. His job depends on the Panthers making the playoffs, and his team is in a three-way tie with two other teams at the end of the regular season. Under Texas rules for ties, the tiebreaker is a coin-toss. Permian gets a spot. Meanwhile, after he drunkenly throws away his championship ring, Don Billingsley\'s father breaks down and confesses his failures in life cause him to push his son as harshly as he does, pointing out that he wants his son to at least have one big moment of triumph before becoming like his dad. The team make it to the finals, where they narrowly lose against powerhouse Dallas Carter High School. The movie ends with the coach removing the departing seniors from the depth chart on his wall. Notably, the depth chart has "Case" at quarterback. This refers to Permian\'s real-life backup quarterback in 1988, Stoney Case, who would go on to lead Permian, along with Chris Comer, to the 5A state title the following year, and still later made it to the NFL. The final scene consists of Winchell throwing a football to a bunch of pee-wees playing pick-up football before leaving with Billingsley and Chavez.'] ["The film is very loyal to its source material, depicting the labored and painstakingly slow efforts of main character—Jewish Harry Lesser—in drafting what is to be his third novel. Lesser is the remaining tenant of a dilapidated tenement. The landlord—for reasons not revealed—cannot or does not evict Lesser, though he periodically offers increasing amounts of money to entice Lesser to move. At some point Lesser becomes aware that another tenant—an Afro-American squatter named Willie Spearmint—has taken up residence in the tenement, and that this other tenant is also a writer who has determined to type his book at the tenement as well. The two eventually become acquainted and become embroiled in a deadly conflict over Spearmint's Jewish girlfriend, Irene."] ['A busload of passengers, including off-duty police detective Dave Evans, is gunned down and killed. Evans, on his own time, has been following a man named Gus Niles in search of information linking businessman Henry Camarero to the murder of his wife, Teresa, two years earlier. Evans was the partner of Detective Sergeant Jake Martin, a veteran but cynical member of the Homicide Detail working the bus massacre investigation. Jake originally investigated the Teresa Camarero case and been obsessed with his failure to "make" Camarero for the murder. Jake returns to it after many dead-end leads in the bus investigation. Niles was killed on the bus as well, and it was Niles who provided the alibi that enabled Camarero to cover up his wife\'s murder. The sullen Jake and enthusiastic but impulsive Inspector Leo Larsen are paired to interview suspects. Jake shuts out Larsen from his deductions, while Larsen, despite a loose-on-the-rules and brutal side, tries to understand and gain the confidence of his new partner. Defying the orders of their police superior Lt. Steiner, they seek, find and then smoke out Camarero, leading to a chase through the streets of San Francisco and a confrontation aboard another bus.'] ["On one beautiful cloudless day a young couple celebrate their reunion with a picnic. Joe has planned a postcard-perfect afternoon in the English countryside with his partner, Claire. But as Joe and Claire prepare to open a bottle of champagne, their idyll comes to an abrupt end. A hot air balloon drifts into the field, obviously in trouble. The pilot catches his leg in the anchor rope, while the only passenger, a boy, is too scared to jump down. Joe and three other men rush to secure the basket. Just as they secure the balloon, the wind rushes into the field, and at once the rescuers are airborne. Joe manages to drop to the ground, as do most of his companions, but one man is lifted skywards. As Joe, Claire and the other rescuers watch this strangely beautiful sight, they see the man fall to his death. Recalling the day's events at dinner with his friends Robin and Rachel, Joe reveals the impact the accident has had on his battered psyche. Ironically the balloon eventually lands safely, the boy unscathed. But fate has far more unpleasant things in store for Joe. Going to retrieve the body of the fallen man with fellow rescuer Jed Parry, for example, turns out to be a very bad move. Jed feels an instant connection with Joe—one that, as the weeks go by, becomes ever more intense.IMDB, http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0375735/plotsummary"] ['The film opens to a young George  and his parents Fred  and Ermine  of Weymouth, Massachusetts. When George is ten years old, Fred files for bankruptcy and loses everything, but tries to make George realize that money is not important. As an adult, George moves to Southern California with his friend "Tuna" ; they meet Barbara , an airline stewardess, who introduces them to Derek Foreal , the main dealer. With Derek\'s help, George and Tuna make a lot of money. Kevin Dulli , a college student back in Boston, visits them and tells them of the enormous market &mdash; and demand &mdash; for pot in Boston. With Barbara\'s help, they start bringing the drugs to Boston. As the demand grows, they decide to start buying the drugs directly from Mexico with the help of a few minor Mexican drug lords. But two years later, George is caught in Chicago trying to import 660 pounds of marijuana and is sentenced to two years. After unsuccessfully trying to plead his innocence , George skips bail to take care of Barbara, who is suffering from, and eventually succumbs to, cancer. While hiding from the authorities, George visits his parents back in New England. While he is having a heart-to-heart talk with his father, George\'s mother calls the police, who come and arrest him. George is now sentenced to 26 months in a federal prison in Danbury, Connecticut. His cellmate Diego Delgado  has contacts in the Medellín cocaine cartel and convinces George to help him go into business. Upon his release from prison, George violates his parole conditions and heads down to Cartagena, Colombia to meet up with Diego. They meet with cartel officer Cesar Rosa to negotiate the terms for smuggling 15 kilograms to establish "good faith". As the smuggling operation grows, Diego gets arrested, leaving George to find a way to sell 50 kilos  and get the money in time. George reconnects with Derek in California, and the two successfully sell all 50 kilos in 36 hours, amassing a $1.35 million profit. George is then whisked off to Medellín, Colombia, where he finally meets the group\'s leader, Pablo Escobar , who agrees to go into business with them. With the help of main middleman Derek, the pair becomes Escobar\'s top US importer. However, Diego resents George for keeping Derek\'s identity secret and pressures George to reveal his connection. George eventually discovers that Diego has betrayed him by cutting him out of the connection with Derek. Inspired by the birth of his daughter and chastened by a subsequent drug-related heart attack, George severs his relationship with the cartel and vows to leave the drug business forever. All goes well with George\'s newfound civilian life for five years, until his wife Mirtha  organizes a 38th birthday party for him. Many of his former drug associates attend, including Derek, who reveals that Diego eventually cut him out as well. The party is raided by the FBI and George is arrested. Following his conviction, he becomes a fugitive. Meanwhile, his bank account &mdash; heretofore under Manuel Noriega\'s protection in Panama &mdash; is seized. One night, he and Mirtha get into a fight while driving. They are pulled over by police and Mirtha tells them Jung is a fugitive and has stashed a kilogram of cocaine in his trunk. He is sent to jail for three years, during which Mirtha divorces him and takes custody of their nine-year-old daughter, Kristina Sunshine Jung . On his release he finds himself struggling to keep his relationship with his daughter on good terms. George promises Kristina a vacation in California and seeks one last deal to garner enough money for the trip. George completes a deal with former accomplices but learns too late that the deal had been set up by the FBI and DEA, with Dulli and Derek having leaked the nature and location of the action in exchange for pardons for their involvement in his prior action. George is sentenced to 60 years at Otisville Correctional Facility in upstate New York. He explains in the end that neither the sentence nor the betrayal bothered him, but that he can never forgive himself for having to break a promise to his daughter. While in prison, George requests a furlough to see his dying father. His unforgiving mother denies the request, saying a visit would only upset George\'s father. He is given a tape recorder to record a final message to his father. In the message, George recounts his memories of working with his father, his run-ins with the law, and finally, too late, his understanding of what his father meant when he said that money is not "real". The film closes with George as an old man in prison, imagining that his daughter  finally comes to visit him. She slowly fades away as a guard calls for George. The film concludes with notes indicating that Jung\'s sentence will not expire until 2015, and that his daughter has yet to visit him .{{cite web}} The film\'s final image is a photograph of the actual George Jung.'] ["During World War II, a young German woman is separated from her family and imprisoned by the Nazis. After being freed she falls in love with a German officer and they get married. When Berlin falls to the Russians, and her husband is killed, she flees to the United States, carrying her unborn child. All the while, she does not giving up hope that she will find her family, tied together by her mother's ring."] ['Set at the fictional Camden College in New Hampshire, the film opens at the "End of the World" party, where students Lauren Hynde , Paul Denton , and Sean Bateman  give apathetic interior monologues on their lives and briefly exchange glances with one another. Lauren, previously a virgin, takes a film student upstairs to have sex, only to wake up being raped by a townie while the film student records it; upon waking, she reflects on how she had planned to lose her virginity to Victor , her now ex-boyfriend. Meanwhile, Paul tries to have sex with a jock, only to be bashed when it turns out he is deeply closeted; additionally, a bruised Sean tears up a purple letter, before approaching and having sex with a blonde girl at the party. The plot then moves backwards several months and explores the love triangle between Lauren, Paul and Sean. Misinterpreting Sean\'s friendliness, Paul mistakes him for a homosexual and makes several advances that Sean is apparently oblivious to. Concurrently, Lauren also finds herself attracted to Sean despite saving her virginity for her traveling boyfriend, Victor. Sean reciprocates her feelings, and assumes the anonymous, purple love letters he has started receiving are from her. While Paul is visiting his friend, Dick, Sean is seduced by Lauren\'s roommate Lara, who tells him that Lauren isn\'t interested in him because she has a boyfriend; despite having sex with Lara, however, Sean regrets it and realizes that he is in love with Lauren. It is then revealed that another, unnamed girl is the author of Sean\'s love letters; after seeing him leave the party with Lara, she sends him a suicide note before cutting her wrists in the dorm bathtub. Lauren, finding Sean with Lara, runs to the girls bathroom in anger, only to find the unnamed girl\'s corpse, leaving Lauren extremely distressed. Sean, still believing Lauren wrote the purple letters, misinterprets the suicide note and assumes Lauren never wants to be with him. After numerous failed attempts at suicide, Sean then fakes his death and, unaware that Lauren recently found a corpse, unintentionally upsets her further when she finds him pretending to be dead. After stealing drugs from dealer Guest , Sean tries to speak to Lauren again, only for her to brush him off angrily. Finally happy now that Victor has returned to Camden College, Lauren is completely distraught to find Victor has no idea who she is. Paul, upon finding a drunk Sean, tries to talk to him, only for Sean to reject him, causing Paul to run off upset. Sean then finds that the love notes have stopped, and is beaten by Guest. The protagonists then attend the "End of the World" party and the plot returns to the introduction. After seeing Lauren heading upstairs with the filmmaker, Sean finally accepts he cannot be with her, and tears up one of the purple letters he believes to be from her. It\'s then revealed that, rather than having sex with the blonde girl as he does in the intro, Sean was merely fantasizing, and he instead leaves his drink and exits. Paul and Lauren then meet on the house porch and reflect on the events of the movie and on Sean, who is seen leaving on a motorcycle. Sean then begins narrating his thoughts, only for them to end prematurely.'] ['{{plot}} Mark Thackeray  is beginning his teaching position at the North Quay Secondary School in the tough East End of London. He comes from British Guiana via California, and holds a degree in Communication Engineering. He has applied unsuccessfully for engineering positions throughout England, and is taking this job to make ends meet while continuing to look for a job in his field. The staff of North Quay offer varying opinions about students at the school. Mr. Weston  is openly contemptuous of them. Newly hired teacher Gillian Blanchard  is admittedly afraid of them. Deputy Head Evans  and Clinty Clintridge  warn that while they are mostly good kids, they come from rough homes, and excel at riding roughshod over teachers. Headmaster Florian  explains that they have been principally rejected from other schools. The audience is informed that their antics drove their last teacher to resign. The students more than live up to their reputation. Led by Bert Denham ([[Christian Roberts  and Pamela Dare , the pupils are an unruly mob who view the classroom as their domain, not Thackeray\'s. An expected battle of wills ensues. As the students\' antics progress from simple disruptive behaviour to distasteful pranks, Thackeray retains his calm manner and resists being baited. A turning point comes, however, when one morning he discovers something, presumably a sanitary pad, burning in the classroom grate. He angrily orders the boys out of the classroom and excoriates the girls for their disgusting, "sluttish" behaviour. Dismayed by his lack of self-restraint, he retreats to the staff room, upset that he let himself be manipulated by "kids." Returning to the classroom, Thackeray outlines a new approach to teaching his students and sets strict ground rules. The students will be leaving school and entering the adult world soon. His new strategy is to treat them as adults and allow them to discuss issues of their own choosing for the remainder of the term. He emphasises this by throwing out all the textbooks. As part of being adults, he insists the students will use proper forms of address  and to take pride in their appearance and deportment. Denham continues to bait Thackeray, but the rest of the class is won over. Although Thackeray\'s humble background is quite like their own, he\'s made a success of himself by cultivating his language and dress. He insists they can do the same if they wish. Unexposed to the rich history and culture of their own city, the students are especially excited when he suggests they go on a class outing to the museum. The Headmaster is reluctant but obtains approval for the outing, and Thackeray arrives on the morning of the trip to find a classroom of well-dressed, well-scrubbed students. The outing is depicted in a photo montage of the students enjoying themselves among the sculptures and art. There is a darker turn when the gym teacher, Mr. Bell , insists that \'Fats\' Buckley  participate in vaulting, despite his classmates\' objections. The vault collapses and breaks under Buckley\'s weight. Although Buckley is not seriously hurt, the boys are angry at the coach for forcing him to attempt the jump. Picking up the vault\'s broken leg, Potter  threatens Bell with it. Thackeray is called to defuse the situation. In class, he demands that Potter apologise directly to Bell for the incident even if he believes Bell was wrong. At this point Thackeray has lost the support of much of the class, especially the boys. They refuse to invite him to the class dance, and when Seales\'  mother dies, the class takes up a collection for a wreath but refuses to accept Thackeray\'s donation. At this point, the Headmaster advises him that he feels \'the adult approach\' has failed, that future class outings are cancelled, and that Thackeray will take over the boys\' gym classes. Pamela\'s mother comes to speak with Thackeray, concerned that Pamela is staying out late and might be getting into trouble. Thackeray agrees to speaks with Pamela, who insists her mother does not care about her and that the presence of male callers at her mother\'s house excuses her actions. Thackeray maintains that Pamela still owes her mother respect and, disillusioned, she angrily accuses him of being \'just one of them\'. She also refuses to take the flowers to Seales\' mother\'s funeral. Thackeray\'s split with the class is complete. Thackeray\'s search for an engineering position has continued throughout the movie, and at this low point in his relationship with his students, he is ecstatic to receive a job offer in the mail. In gym, Denham insists they have a boxing class, beginning with him and Thackeray. Thackeray reluctantly agrees. Despite getting in some early blows, Denham is disabled when Thackeray throws a punch that knocks the wind out of him. Thackeray draws back his fist to hit Denham again but gains control of his emotions and declares the fight over. Afterward, Denham waits to speak with Thackeray in the stairwell. Although Denham admits he was trying to hurt Thackeray in order to convince him to resign from teaching, Denham is surprised that Thackeray did not capitalise on his advantage. For his part, Thackeray admits that he lost his temper but that he understands the apparent unfairness of some of his decisions. Thackeray then offers to recommend Denham for a position as a boxing instructor to the younger students next term. Surprised that he would be regarded as a potential teacher, Denham nevertheless promises to consider it. Denham is clearly impressed, and expresses his admiration for Thackeray to his fellow students. By winning Denham over, Thackeray wins back the respect of the rest of the class, and he is invited to the class dance. When he shows up at the Seales funeral, he is greeted by the entire class, who have come to pay their respects. At the dance, all has clearly worked out well. Weston admits that Thackeray is really quite a gifted teacher and should reconsider leaving. The Deputy Head concurs, suggesting that he should go to another school, if nothing else. Barbara Pegg ([[Lulu  announces a "ladies\' choice" dance and Pamela singles out Thackeray as her partner. Denham announces that the class has \'something special\' for Thackeray and Miss Wong presents him with a pewter mug while Lulu sings the movie theme. Thackeray is too moved for words and retires to his classroom. Breaking Thackeray\'s solitude in the dark silence of his classroom, a young boy and girl rush into the classroom not immediately realising the teacher\'s presence. Upon seeing him they begin mocking his gift and joking that they will be in his class next year. When they leave, Thackeray rises, ponders his situation, then retrieves the job offer from his pocket and rips it into pieces.'] ['The film takes place in Brooklyn near the conclusion of the Second World War. Reuven Malter is a middleclass modern orthodox Jewish teenager, and the son of a dedicated Zionist. At a pickup baseball game, Reuven meets Danny Saunders, another Jewish teenage boy, who is the son of a strict Hasidic Rebbe. At first, the meeting is one of enmity. However, both boys go on to form an unlikely friendship. Their complicated friendship is strained by historical events such as the Holocaust and the creation of the State of Israel. In addition, their lives and their decisions about their futures add to their personal drama. http://www.shmoop.com/the-chosen/plot-analysis.html www.shmoop.com] http://www.fandango.com/thechosen_v130136/plotsummary www.fandango.com]'] ["Hervé , in 19th century France, is a military officer, because that is what his father wants. He is happy when he gets the opportunity to change his profession to that of trader of silkworm eggs. Because in Europe silkworms are affected by a disease , he is sent to Africa to get healthy eggs.  Since the African silkworms are affected too, he is sent to Japan, even though at that time  almost all of Japan was off-limits to foreigners. The journey is by carriage and train, a caravan of horses through Asia, the boat trip from the Asian continent to Japan, and guided, blindfolded, on horseback to the Japanese village where he can buy the eggs from a local baron, Hara Jubei . During his stay in the village he becomes obsessed with the unnamed concubine of Jubei  who hands him a note in Japanese. On a second journey he has sex with another girl handed to him by Jubei's concubine. Having traded more eggs than on his first trip, Hervé delays his departure by two days in the hope of seeing the girl again. At home Hervé's love remains secret, and though he seems happy with his wife, Hélène, but they remain childless. Hervé seeks out a French-Japanese brothel owner in Lyon, Mme Blanche , known for giving the small blue flowers that she wears to her clients, who translates the note for him as: 'Come back or I shall die'. Mme Blanche advises Hervé to 'forget about her, she won't die'. The third time he is sent to China, since Japan is no longer safe, and good eggs are now available in China. However, Hervé insists in going to Japan anyway. However, when he arrives in Japan war has broken out, and the village is abandoned; Jubei and the girl are not there. A young servant boy of Jubei , who Hervé has met before, shows Hervé the way to Jubei. The latter becomes hostile and tells Hervé to go home. Before he leaves, Hervé discovers that Jubei had the boy executed  for showing Hervé where to find them. Without meeting the girl Hervé buys eggs in China, and returns home. Unfortunately after arrival, Hervé discovers that the eggs have hatched and therefore are useless. To employ the village, Hervé decides to build Hélène's garden that disastrous summer. Hervé at last receives a long letter from the mysterious concubine, written in Japanese. He again takes the letter Mme Blanche for translation, who agrees, providing Hervé never comes to see her again. The letter is a deeply moving declaration of love. Hélène becomes ill and eventually dies. After her death, Hervé finds a tribute of small, blue flowers on her grave. He seeks out Mme Blanche once more, believing her to have written the letter, but Mrs Blanche reveals to him that Hélène had read her the letter to translate into Japanese. Hélène had Mme Blanche translate the letter for her, knowing that her husband was in love with a Japanese woman, and wanting him to be happy. Mme Blanche tells Hervé that, more than anything, his wife loved him. Too late, Hervé finally realizes that it was Hélène who was his true love after all. The film ends with Hervé, fated to remain childless, recounting his story to Ludovic  – a young protégé since childhood and now Hélène's gardener – on a bench in Hélène's garden. Henceforth Ludovic can now appreciate the real story behind Hélène's garden."] [" Billy Tully , a boxer past his prime, goes to a Stockton, California gym to get back into shape and spars with Ernie Munger , an eighteen-year-old he meets there. Seeing potential in the youngster, Tully suggests Munger look up his former manager and trainer, Ruben . Munger takes his advice. Later, Tully tells combative white barfly Oma  and her easygoing black boyfriend Earl  how impressed he is with Munger. Inspired, Tully decides to get back into boxing himself. Tully's life has been a mess ever since his wife left him. He drinks too much, cannot hold down a job, and has to pick crops to make ends meet. He moves in with Oma after Earl is sent to prison for a few months. Their relationship is rocky and Tully eventually breaks it off. Munger loses his first fight, but perseveres. Unlike Tully, he does not let setbacks get the better of him. The young man gets pressured into marriage by Faye  and soon has a baby on the way. In his first bout back, Tully narrowly defeats tough, well-respected Mexican boxer Lucero , but gets discouraged when he gets only $100 for it. He breaks up with Ruben  and goes back to his old ways. He tries to make up with Oma, only to find her back with Earl. Later, Munger is returning home after a win and sees a drunk Tully. Munger tries to ignore him, but when Tully asks him to have a drink with him, he reluctantly agrees to coffee. After a short while, Munger gets up to leave. Tully asks him to stay awhile longer. Munger agrees, but the two men have nothing to talk about, and the film ends in awkward silence."] ['The story is set after the end of the Second World War and concerns a British submarine, Trojan, which is out on a routine patrol when it encounters a derelict floating mine left over from the war. Unfortunately, it is a magnetic mine, and the submarine does not need to hit it before it becomes a danger. The sub dives, but eventually sets off the mine and it blows the stern of the sub completely off, instantly killing, all seamen therein. The sub settles to the bottom leaving twelve crew members amidships, they having been saved by the watertight doors which had been closed as normal routine when the sub dived. When the shore base becomes aware that Trojan is overdue, surface rescue vessels are sent out to investigate. The captain of the sub sensibly provides an indication of their position to these vessels by expelling a quantity of oil which rises to the surface. Following standard escape procedure, a diver is sent down with an air line while everyone prepares for the rescue. The Captain selects the first four for release, and they escape safely without incident, and are picked up on the surface. The eight remaining crew assume there are plenty of breathing sets for them all to escape successfully. However the Captain discovers that all but four have been destroyed in the blast. This means the final four will have to remain under water until a full salvage operation can be carried out, which may take a week or more. The Captain assembles the others to draw lots through a pack of cards he deals out, to decide who goes and who remains. Two, the cook and the 1st Lieutenant, with the lowest cards, select themselves to stay behind along with the Captain himself. The top three, to go first, also select themselves with high cards. Of the other two, there is a tie, both knaves, between Stoker Snipe and ERA  Marks. On losing a re-deal, young Snipe goes berserk with fear and has to be physically restrained. The Captain approaches Marks and asks if he will forfeit his place for Snipe, sensing difficulties if Snipe is left behind. Marks agrees. They begin to prepare for escape, but Snipe hangs back, claiming he has hurt his arm in the scuffle. He insists that Marks should go. Marks and the other three escape safely through the hatch and are picked up by the salvage vessels. Below, the 1st Officer has a fainting fit but Snipe catches him using both arms without difficulty. Cheerfully at first, the four begin the wait for the salvage operation. Above, all goes well to begin with, in fine weather. Divers manage to secure cables under the sub, which is slowly winched up, but only fifteen feet per day can be achieved. However, as the days go by, the weather turns, and soon there is a full storm at sea. As a result, the sub shifts on the cables, and sinks again to the floor of the sea. The 1st Officer has remained in ill-health below, nursed with care by Snipe. However his bunk is located next to what becomes a chlorine gas leak, and, overcome, the 1st Officer dies. The storm is so bad that the captain of the salvage ship decides his own men are at risk, and abandons the salvage operation altogether. The three left in the sub sense that there is no hope for them. The film ends with the Captain reading from a Naval prayer book. From early scenes in the film, and from dialogue throughout, the viewer is given insights into the personal and home lives of the crew, their hopes and now thwarted ambitions. For example, Snipe is married to a wayward wife, whom he idolizes; whilst the Captain has been offered a lucrative shore job by his wealthy father-in-law, and had been planning to leave the Navy to take it up as soon as this patrol was over. The reference to HMS Truculent in the film titles relates to a real naval submarine which sank in 1950, after an accidental collision with a freighter which resulted in the loss of 64 lives. The HMS Truculent incident took place after filming of "Morning Departure" had been completed, but before it went on general release to the public. The producers decided to go ahead with the film release, as a tribute to the bravery and fortitude of Royal Naval personnel.'] ['In the fictional town of Gatlin, Nebraska, Job tells the story of how the town became a safe haven for a group of young cultists. The economy of the town is mostly agricultural, and the town is surrounded by vast cornfields. One particular year the corn crop fails and the people of Gatlin turn to prayer in an attempt to ensure a successful harvest. A mysterious boy preacher, Isaac Chroner ([[John Franklin , arrives and takes all the children of Gatlin into a cornfield to speak to them about the prophecies of a demon called "He Who Walks Behind The Rows". Isaac, through his lieutenant Malachai , leads the children of the town in a revolution, brutally killing all of the adults in the town. Over the ensuing years, the children take any adults passing through as sacrifices. Three years later, Burt  and his girlfriend Vicky  pass through Nebraska while driving cross-country to Burt\'s new job as a physician in Seattle, Washington. They are traveling in their car and hit a small boy out on the highway. This boy was one of the Gatlin children who tried to escape the iron hand of the death cult. The couple place his body in the trunk. They encounter an old mechanic, who is little to no help, as the children of Gatlin have employed him to lead all adults passing through to the town, but they betray him and kill him anyway. Burt and Vicky finally end up in Gatlin, after searching for several hours for a phone. A struggle ensues between the couple, "He Who Walks Behind the Rows" and the children as the couple are violently chased through the city. Burt and Vicky rescue Job and his little sister Sarah, who do not wish to be part of the cult. Vicky is captured by Malachai, and she is prepared as a sacrifice before they track down and capture Burt and the children. Meanwhile, Malachai and the others have grown tired of Isaac\'s arrogance. Assuming command over the children, Malachai orders Isaac to be sacrificed in Vicky\'s place. Night soon falls and Burt enters the cornfield to rescue Vicky. The sacrifice soon begins and Isaac is devoured by He Who Walks Behind The Rows. Burt arrives and battles Malachai, convincing the children that their minds have been poisoned and their humanity sacrificed in the name of their false god. As Malachai tries to regain control of the children, Isaac\'s re-animated corpse  appears and kills Malachai, breaking his neck. Soon, a terrible storm gathers over the cornfield and Burt and Vicky gather the children inside a barn to shield them from He Who Walks Behind The Rows\' angry wrath. As the storm intensifies all around them, Job shows a Bible verse to Burt and Vicky that indicates that they must destroy the cornfield for the chaos to cease . While filling the irrigation pumps with gasohol fuel, He Who Walks Behind The Rows lashes out at Burt, preparing to destroy the barn. However, Burt is able to spray the fields with the flammable liquid and lights a Molotov cocktail, tossing it into the field, burning it and seemingly destroying the demon. Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah survive and are able to leave Gatlin as the cornfields burn. As Burt grabs the map they used to get there, a teenage girl who is a member of the cult jumps out at him from the back seat and attempts to stab him. Vicky knocks her out with the passenger door, and the four walk off into the distance to parts unknown.'] ['The film is set during World War II and depicts a critically burned man , at first known only as "the English patient," who is being looked after by Hana , a French-Canadian nurse in an abandoned Italian monastery. The patient is reluctant to disclose any personal information but through a series of flashbacks, viewers are allowed into his past. It is slowly revealed that he is in fact a Hungarian cartographer, Count László de Almásy, who was making a map of the Sahara Desert, and whose affair with a married woman, Katharine Clifton , ultimately brought about his present situation. As the patient remembers more, David Caravaggio , a Canadian intelligence operative and former thief, arrives at the monastery. Caravaggio lost his thumbs while being interrogated by a German army officer, and he gradually reveals that it was the patient\'s actions that had brought about his torture. In addition to the patient\'s story, the film devotes time to Hana and her romance with Kip , an Indian Sikh sapper in the British Army. Due to various events in her past, Hana believes that anyone who comes close to her is likely to die, and Kip\'s position as a bomb defuser makes their romance full of tension. In the first phase, set in the late 1930s, the minor Hungarian noble Count Laszlo de Almásy  is co-leader of a Royal Geographical Society archeological and surveying expedition in Egypt and Libya. He and his English partner Madox are at heart academics with limited sophistication in the swirling politics of Europe and North Africa. Shortly after the film begins, both the morale and finances of their expedition are bolstered by a British couple, Geoffrey and Katherine Clifton  that joins the exploration party. The Count is taken with the gorgeous and refined Katherine. When Geoffrey is often away from the group on other matters, an affair takes wing. The final months before the war\'s onset bring an archeological triumph: the Count\'s discovery of an ancient Saharan cave decorated with "swimming figure" paintings dating from prehistoric times, the "Cave of Swimmers". This period also sees the romance between Katherine and the Count rise to a sensuous peak and then seemingly fade. Katherine is plagued with the guilt of infidelity, while the Count shows a streak of jealousy along with an imbalance that will later haunt him. The fall of 1939 and the war bring all excavation at the cave to a halt, and Madox and the Count go their separate ways. Geoffrey Clifton meanwhile has pieced together the outline of the affair, and seeks a sudden and dramatic revenge: crashing his plane, with Katherine aboard, into the Count\'s desert camp. The wreck kills Geoffrey instantly, seriously injures Katherine, and narrowly misses the Count. He manages to take Katherine into the relative shelter of the swimming figure cave, leaves her with food, water, a flashlight, and a fire, then begins his scorching three day walk back to the nearest town and help. The town is held by the British Army, and the dazed and dehydrated Count, with his non-English name, is unable to coherently explain to officials the plane crash and Katherine\'s plight. Instead he loses his temper during questioning and is thrown into military jail. He is sent in chains on a train "north to Benghazi", escapes, finds himself behind Afrika Korps lines and quickly trades his desert maps with the Germans for petrol for Madox\'s biplane, a De Havilland Tiger Moth, which he had left behind at the close of their archaeological expedition. By the time he returns to the cave, Katherine is dead – and in all but a physical sense, so is the Count. He manages to bundle Katherine\'s body into the plane and takes off. Mistaking the Tiger Moth for an RAF reconnaissance aircraft, a German anti-aircraft battery shoots down the plane as Almásy pilots it over the desert. Horribly burned but alive, he is rescued by Bedouin tribesmen. The film\'s second phase shifts to Italy and the last months of the war. The Count by now is an invalid patient, and wholly dependent by this time on morphine and the care of his French-Canadian nurse Hana, detached from her medical unit and established in a battered but beautiful Italian monastery. That place becomes the focal point for more plot threads, some new and some unfinished from the North African phase, all themed around love, chance, and the backdrop of the war. Hana has seen a fiancé and a nursing friend die in the Italian campaign, and is left to wonder if her involvement with a British-Indian lieutenant will break her cycle of love and grief or simply continue it. A visitor to the villa named Caravaggio is in search for the disfigured Count that he believes played a role in his own ill-starred time in Egypt and Libya. For Caravaggio unwittingly stumbled into the wreckage of the Count-Katherine-Geoffrey love triangle, circa 1940–42. He\'s lost both thumbs in a grisly interrogation at the hands of the Nazis, and has since hunted down and killed those he believes responsible for his fate. He believes the Count was part of a web of desert spying and intrigue, and knows that he traded maps with the Germans. He confronts him with news of Madox\'s suicide, and posits that the Count killed the Cliftons. Only a full recounting at the villa of the Cliftons\' crash and the Count\'s map dealings with the Germans to recover Katherine bring Caravaggio to understanding and forgiveness. Hana, too, finds reconciliation at the film\'s end. Her lieutenant survives a brush with death on the war\'s last day and her hope in love is rekindled. The Count asks for, and dies of, an overdose of morphine from Hana.'] ['Josef K.  is awakened in his apartment one morning by two police officers who inform him that he is under open arrest. The officers decline to identify the crime that Josef K. is being charged with, nor do they take him into custody. When the officers leave, Josef K. converses with his landlady, Mrs. Grubach , and his neighbor, Miss Burstner , about what transpired. He later goes to his office, where he is reprimanded by his superior for allegedly having improper relations with his female teenage cousin. That evening, Josef K. goes to the opera, but is taken from the theater by a police inspector  and is brought to a courtroom, where his attempts to confront the peculiar nature of his case are in vain. He later returns to his office and discovers the two police officers who first visited him are being whipped in a small room. Josef K.’s uncle Max recommends that he consult with Hastler , a law advocate. After brief encounters with the wife of a courtroom guard  and a room full of condemned men waiting for trial, Josef K. has an interview with Hastler, which proves unsatisfactory. Hastler’s mistress  suggests that Josef K. seek out the advice of the artist Titorelli , but this is also not helpful. Seeking refuge in a cathedral, Josef K. learns from a priest  that he has been condemned to death. Hastler abruptly appears at the cathedral to confirm the priest’s information. On the evening before his thirty-first birthday, Josef K. is apprehended by two executioners and is brought to a quarry, where he is forced to remove some of his clothing. The executioners give the condemned man a knife, but he refuses to commit suicide. The executioners leave Josef K. in a quarry pit and throw dynamite at him. Josef K. laughs at his executioners and picks the dynamite up. Then from a distance there is an explosion and the smoke from the dynamite billows into the air.Cowie, Peter. "The Cinema of Orson Welles." 1973, A.S. Barnes & Co.'] ['Richard "King" Howland is a swaggering bigot land-baron living on the Big Island of Hawaii. He objects when his sister, Sloan Howland, announces she plans to marry Paul Kahana, a native Hawaiian, even though Richard is having a torrid affair with an Asian woman, Mai Chen. During Sloan and Paul\'s engagement party, Mai Chen\'s brother attacks Richard with a knife. Paul tries to break up the fight and is killed. Bitter at her brother for Paul\'s death, Sloan runs off to Honolulu where she is taken in by Paul\'s brother, Dean, and his family. Meanwhile, Mei Chen gives birth to Richard\'s child, but dies during childbirth. Ever the rabid racist, Richard refuses to accept the child and Sloan takes it upon herself to care for the baby. After an angry fight with Sloan and Dean, Richard is confronted with a personal dilemma &mdash; whether to continue on with his close-minded ways or to welcome his newborn son into his family. Although the story is based on the novel by Peter Gilman, the screenplay by Marguerite Roberts makes several significant changes in Gilman\'s story. Several characters are eliminated, including Richard\'s father, Richard\'s wife, and his hapa haole  half-brother. Roberts also changed the ending of the story.'] ["Farmer Wang Lung  marries O-Lan , a lowly servant at the Great House, the residence of the most powerful family in their village. His new bride, O-Lan, proves to be an excellent wife, hard working and uncomplaining. Wang Lung prospers. He buys more land, and O-Lan gives birth to two sons and a daughter. Meanwhile, the Great House begins to decline. All is well until a drought and the resulting famine drive the family to the brink. Desperate, Wang Lung considers the advice of his pessimistic, worthless uncle  to sell his land for food, but O-Lan opposes it. Instead, they travel south to a city in search of work. The family survives by begging and stealing. When a revolutionary gives a speech to try to drum up support for the army approaching despite rain in the north, Wang Lung and O-Lan realize the drought is over. They long to return to their farm, but they have no money for an ox, seed, and food. The city changes hands and O-Lan joins a mob looting a mansion. However, she is knocked down and trampled upon. When she comes to, she finds a bag of jewels overlooked in the confusion. This windfall allows the family to go home and prosper once more. O-Lan asks only to keep two pearls for herself. Years pass. Wang Lung's sons grow up into educated young men, and he has grown so wealthy that he purchases the Great House. Then, Wang Lung becomes besotted with Lotus , a pretty, young dancer at the local tea house, and makes her his second wife. He begins to find fault with the worn-out O-Lan and gives her pearls to Lotus. When Wang Lung discovers that Lotus has seduced Younger Son , he orders his son to leave. Then a swarm of locusts threatens the entire village. Using a strategy devised by Elder Son , everyone unites to try to save the crops. Just when all seems lost, the wind shifts direction, taking the danger away. The near-disaster brings Wang Lung back to his senses. He reconciles with Younger Son. On the latter's wedding day, Wang Lung returns the pearls to O-Lan before she dies, exhausted by a hard life."] ['America has lost the war on drugs. Substance D, a powerful drug causing bizarre hallucinations, has swept the country. In response, the government develops an invasive, high-tech surveillance system and a network of undercover informants. Bob Arctor is a detective assigned to immerse himself in the drugs underworld and infiltrate the supply chain. Arctor and his housemates, Luckman and Barris, live in a run-down suburban house in Anaheim. They pass their days taking drugs and having long, paranoiac conversations. At the police station, Arctor is codenamed Fred and maintains privacy by wearing a "scramble suit" that constantly changes every aspect of his appearance. Arctor\'s senior officer Hank, and all other undercover officers, also wear scramble suits. Whilst undercover, Arctor becomes addicted to Substance D. Arctor also befriends a cocaine addict named Donna; she is Arctor\'s supplier. Arctor hopes to purchase large enough quantities of Substance D from Donna that she is forced to introduce him to her own supplier, but he also develops romantic feelings towards her. Donna rejects Arctor\'s sexual advances, and Barris questions the nature of their relationship. Hank orders Fred to step up surveillance on the group. Hank suggests that Fred concentrate his surveillance on the suspected ringleader, Arctor, thereby ordering him to spy on himself. Meanwhile, the justified paranoia of Arctor\'s housemates reaches extreme levels, and he becomes wrapped up in their concerns. Barris secretly contacts the police and tells them he suspects Donna and Arctor of being terrorists; he unknowingly conveys this information to Arctor at the police station, in his scramble-suited role of Detective Fred. Arctor\'s prolonged use of Substance D damages his brain, causing him increasingly to lose track of his identity, and the fact that "Fred" and Arctor are the same person. After Barris supplies the police with a faked recording allegedly proving his claims about Donna and Arctor, Hank orders that Barris be held on charges of providing false information. After Barris\'s arrest, Hank reveals to Fred that he has deduced his true identity by a process of elimination. "Fred" is surprised to learn that he is really Arctor, and becomes disoriented. Hank informs him that the real purpose of the surveillance was to catch Barris, not Arctor; the police suspected Barris of being involved in the Substance D supply chain, and were deliberately increasing his paranoia until he attempted to cover his tracks. Hank reprimands Arctor for becoming addicted to Substance D, and warns him that he will be disciplined. As Arctor undergoes a mental breakdown in the office, Hank phones Donna and asks her to take Arctor to New Path, a corporation that runs a series of rehabilitation clinics. After Arctor leaves the office, Hank enters the locker room and removes his scramble suit, revealing his true identity to the audience—Donna. At New Path, Arctor experiences the symptoms of Substance D withdrawal, including more severe brain damage. Some time later Donna, whose real name is Audrey, converses with a fellow police officer, and the audience learns that New Path is responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Substance D; ironically they use victims of the drug to tend their crops, since  they can be trusted not to reveal New Path\'s secret. Audrey and Mike are part of a police operation to infiltrate New Path, and Arctor was selected—without his knowledge—to carry out the sting. The police had intended for Arctor to become addicted to Substance D; his health was sacrificed so that he might enter a rehabilitation center unnoticed as a genuine addict. They debate whether enough of Arctor\'s mind will recover that he grasps the situation and returns with evidence. New Path sends Arctor to work at an isolated New Path farming prison, where he spots rows of blue flowers hidden between rows of corn. These flowers, referenced throughout the film, are the source of Substance D. As the film ends, Arctor hides a blue flower in his boot, so that when he returns to the New Path clinic during Thanksgiving he can give it to his friends.'] ['When a naïve young Dorian Gray  arrives in a train to Victorian London, he is swept into a social whirlwind by the charismatic Lord Henry Wotton , who introduces Gray to the hedonistic pleasures of the city. Lord Henry\'s friend, society artist Basil Hallward , paints a portrait of Gray to capture the full power of his youthful beauty. When the portrait is unveiled, Gray makes a flippant pledge: he would give anything to stay as he is in the picture—even his soul. Gray meets and falls in love with young budding actress Sibyl Vane . After a few weeks, he proposes marriage to her, but after Lord Henry tells Gray that having children is "the beginning of the end", he takes Gray to a brothel. This breaks Sibyl\'s heart as Gray leaves her; drowning herself soon after. Gray learns of this next day from her brother "Jim" , who tells Gray that Sybil was pregnant. Jim then tries to kill Gray before being restrained and carried off by the authorities. Gray\'s initial grief disappears as Lord Henry persuades him that all events are mere experiences and without consequence, and his hedonistic lifestyle worsens, distancing him from a concerned Hallward. Gray goes home to find the portrait of himself warped and twisted and realises that his pledge has come true; while the portrait ages, its owner\'s sins are shown as physical defects on the canvas. The chaos of the portrait of Gray starts, leading him to brutally kill Hallward after telling him his secret, dumping the body in the River Thames. Having left London to travel for many years, Gray returns to London and during the welcome-back party the guests are surprised to see that he has not aged at all. He becomes close to Lord Henry\'s daughter, Emily , a member of the UK suffragette movement, despite Lord Henry\'s distaste for such a relationship due to Gray\'s lifestyle and unnatural appearance, Emily having provided Lord Henry with a greater moral focus. Although Gray appears genuinely interested in changing his ways as he spends time with Emily, matters are complicated when he is confronted by James, still seeking revenge for his sister\'s death; despite Gray\'s attempts to drive off his suspicions by pointing out his apparent age, James nevertheless deduces Gray\'s true identity, only to be killed by a train during the chase in the London Underground. As Gray makes arrangements to leave London with Emily, Lord Henry\'s study of old photographs makes him remember the time when he teased Gray to deal with the devil for eternal youth and beauty at the cost of his soul. Breaking into Gray\'s house as Gray and Emily are making plans to leave together, Lord Henry discovers the concealed portrait, but is interrupted by Gray before he can uncover it. Although Gray attempts to convince Lord Henry that he still cherishes his friendship and genuinely loves his daughter, Lord Henry discovers a stained scarf of Basil\'s in a box, prompting Gray to angrily declare that he is what Lord Henry has made him, the personification of the life he preached but never dared practise. Full of anger and grief, Gray attempts to strangle Lord Henry, but is distracted by Emily\'s call long enough for Lord Henry to knock him aside and expose the portrait. Disgusted and horrified at the twisted sight on the canvas, Lord Henry throws a lit lamp at the portrait, causing it to catch fire, subsequently locking the gate of the attic, to ensure Gray and the painting are destroyed, before his daughter sees the ruckus as she pleads with Gray for the key. Gray, after seeing her and realising that he really loves her, turns his back as Lord Henry drags his daughter out of the house, his last words being to assure Emily that she has his whole heart. Resolving to end it all, Gray stabs the painting with a poker, causing his body to age the years that it has never suffered, Gray charging at the portrait to fully impale it as his years catch up to him before the attic is consumed by an explosion. A few months later, scarred from the explosion and after attempting to reconcile with Emily through Agatha over the phone, Lord Henry heads to his attic where he keeps the now-youthful portrait of Gray, grimly noting that nobody will look at it now. As Lord Henry leaves, the portrait\'s eyes glow, suggesting that Gray\'s soul may still be within the portrait even after his death.'] ['Mike Battaglia, a powerful lieutenant in the D’Amico crime family, executes a large-scale hit on the family\'s enemies, earning a promotion to caporegime and the undying respect of his boss, godfather Charlie D\'Amico. Despite the Don\'s generosity, however, Battaglia secretly resents D\'Amico for passing him over as his successor. At the instigation of Ruthie, his wife, Battaglia murders D\'Amico and has his sons shipped off to Florida, clearing the way for him to assume control of the D\'Amico family. He becomes an underworld despot, deciding to kill anyone he suspects as a threat to his power, including former ally Bankie Como and his unconnected son, Philly, who survives an assassination attempt. At his coronation as boss, a drunken Battaglia alienates two more of the mob\'s powerful soldiers. Afraid that Battaglia\'s reign will spell the end of the D\'Amico family, several of Battaglia\'s underlings desert him and ally themselves with D\'Amico\'s eldest son, Mal. Battaglia puts a hit out on his chief rival, Matt Duffy, but the assassins cannot find him, instead murdering his wife and children. Determined to get revenge, Duffy comes to kill Battaglia, who arrogantly proclaims that "no man of woman born" can harm him. Duffy responds that he was delivered via caesarian section, and therefore was not technically born of a woman. Disposing of Battaglia, he clears the way for Mal to assume control of the family.'] ["Esther  is a disillusioned and bitter nursing home resident who shares much with her attendant, Michael , in terms of personal sacrifices that they have both made. Esther also hides a dark secret. Michael has spent his life looking after his cancer-stricken late mother and now faces rejection from his fiancee's father. Michael makes it his mission to improve the last years of Esther's life. Aided with a locket with her lost love's photograph, Michael searches for the elusive love of Esther's life. But ironically it is Esther that does the greatest favour for Michael by vouching for him when he's accused of a murder in the nursing home.Family Drama - The Locket All Movie Guide. Retrieved on 31 August 2010"] ['In 1967, during the Vietnam War, a group of new U.S. Marine Corps recruits arrives at Parris Island for basic training. After having their heads shaved, they meet their Senior Drill Instructor, Gunnery Sergeant Hartman . Hartman employs draconian tactics to turn the recruits into hardened Marines prepared for combat. Among the recruits are Privates "Joker" , "Cowboy" , and the overweight, bumbling Leonard Lawrence , who earns the nickname "Gomer Pyle" after attracting Hartman\'s wrath. Unresponsive to Hartman\'s discipline, Pyle is eventually paired with Joker. Pyle improves with Joker\'s help, but his progress halts when Hartman discovers a contraband jelly doughnut in Pyle\'s foot locker. Believing that the recruits have failed to improve Pyle, Hartman adopts a collective punishment policy: every mistake Pyle makes will earn punishment for the rest of the platoon, with Pyle being spared. In retaliation, the platoon hazes Pyle with a blanket party, restraining him to his bunk and beating him with bars of soap wrapped in towels. After this incident, Pyle becomes a model Marine. This impresses Hartman, but worries Joker, who recognizes signs of mental breakdown in Pyle, such as talking to his M14 rifle. Following their graduation the recruits receive their Military Occupational Specialty assignments; Joker is assigned to Basic Military Journalism. During the platoon\'s final night on Parris Island, Joker discovers Pyle in the bathroom loading his rifle with ammunition. Joker attempts to calm Pyle, who executes drill commands and recites the Rifleman\'s Creed. The noise awakens the platoon and Hartman. Hartman confronts Pyle and orders him to surrender the rifle. Pyle kills Hartman, and then commits suicide. In January 1968, Joker, now a Sergeant, is a Marine War correspondent in Vietnam for Stars and Stripes with Private First Class Rafterman , a combat photographer. Rafterman wants to go into combat, as Joker claims he has done. At the Marine base, Joker is mocked for his lack of the thousand-yard stare, indicating his lack of war experience. They are interrupted by the start of the Tet Offensive as the North Vietnamese Army attempts to overrun the base. The following day, the journalism staff is briefed about enemy attacks throughout South Vietnam. Joker is sent to Phu Bai, accompanied by Rafterman. They meet the Lusthog Squad, where Cowboy is now a Sergeant. Joker accompanies the squad during the Battle of Huế, where platoon commander "Touchdown"  is killed by the enemy. After the area is declared secure by the Marines, a team of American news journalists and reporters enter Huế and interview various Marines about their experiences in Vietnam and their opinions about the war. During patrol, Crazy Earl , the squad leader, is killed by a booby trap, leaving Cowboy in command. The squad becomes lost and Cowboy orders Eightball  to scout the area. A Viet Cong sniper wounds Eightball and the squad medic, Doc Jay , attempts to save him against orders, being wounded himself. Cowboy learns that tank support is not available and orders the team to prepare for withdrawal. The squad\'s machine gunner, Animal Mother  disobeys Cowboy and attempts to save his teammates. He discovers there is only one sniper, but Doc Jay and Eightball are killed when Doc attempts to indicate the sniper\'s location. While maneuvering towards the sniper, Cowboy is shot and killed. Animal Mother assumes command of the squad and leads an attack on the sniper. Joker discovers the sniper, a teenage girl, and attempts to shoot her, but his rifle jams and alerts her to his presence. Rafterman shoots the sniper, mortally wounding her. As the squad converge, the sniper begs for death, prompting an argument about whether or not to kill her. Animal Mother decides to allow a mercy killing only if Joker performs it. After some hesitation, Joker shoots her. The Marines congratulate him on his kill as Joker stares into the distance, displaying the thousand-yard stare. The Marines march toward their camp, singing the Mickey Mouse March. Joker states that despite being "in a world of shit," he is glad to be alive and no longer afraid.'] ["Jason Carmichael is a popular New York City playwright in desperate need of a new writing partner who can provide him with inspiration. Phoebe Craddock is a small-town teacher who aspires to be a writer. On the day Jason is marrying wealthy socialite Allison St. James, he meets Phoebe, stripping naked in front of her when he mistakes her for a masseusse. The two embark on a professional partnership. Over the course of the next nine years, they produce a string of plays, some flops but mostly hits. They find themselves attracted to each other but manage to avoid becoming involved romantically except for a one-nighter out of town, which the aloof Jason fails to even acknowledge the next morning. As time passes, Jason's marriage suffers as Allison runs for political office. His agent Blanche remains a constant, mothering presence as years go by. Jason is still a husband and a father while Phoebe remains a close family friend. But he permanently loses the respect of both his wife and writing partner by having a fling with a pushy Hollywood actress, Kate Mallory, as well as changing a new play at her request. Jason goes to pieces after his wife divorces him while Phoebe gets married to newspaper reporter Leo Janowitz. Phoebe moves away, ends their professional partnership and becomes a successful author. When they are reunited for the first time in years, Jason picks an argument with Phoebe in a restaurant and has a heart attack. Upon coming home, Jason does everything in his power to sabotage Phoebe's marriage while she moves in to take care of him. Leo can plainly see that his wife is in love with Jason and possibly always has been, so he leaves her. Phoebe ultimately invites Jason to try a new kind of collaboration."] ['{{plot}} The film begins at a dinner party at the Carvers\' house as the adults discuss pop culture references that defined the 1970s: the Watergate scandal, swinging parties for married couples, and the pornographic film Deep Throat. The Hood family includes Ben , Elena  and their children, 16-year-old Paul  and 14-year-old Wendy . Their neighbors, the Carvers, include Jim , Janey  and their children: Mikey  and Sandy . Both families are depicted as uncommunicative. Ben, dissatisfied in his marriage and with the futility of his career, is having an affair with Janey. Elena is bored with her life and is looking to expand her thinking but is unsure of how to do so. Wendy enjoys sexual games with her school peers. Paul, an occasional drug user, is trying to bed his schoolmate Libbets Casey . Jim\'s sons are lonely and confused: Mikey plays along with Wendy\'s sexual games, while Sandy is obsessed with violence. Jim travels for his job and is, for the most part, not involved in his children\'s lives. In one scene he returns from a trip to find that his sons had not even realized he had been gone. Janey, who appears to be carrying on with a number of other men in addition to Ben, finds Jim to be largely an annoyance and would prefer he remain gone all the time. Elena, who is becoming tired and bored with her life, buys spiritual and self-help books and becomes friendly with the hippie-ish minister of a local church. She is ultimately turned off by his subtle passes and his patronizing behavior towards her. Later she attempts to shoplift, but is caught in the act. During their trysts, Ben obsesses to Janey over his displeasure with his job and his frustrations at continually being bested by his colleague, smarmy George Clair . Janey, however, seems to have become bored with the arrangement since she has now become unfaithful, not only to her husband but to Ben as well. She abruptly leaves the room just prior to a planned sexual encounter with Ben, excusing herself to get "birth control pills" but instead flees the house leaving Ben alone. Realizing that she is not returning, Ben prepares to leave but comes upon his daughter Wendy in the Carvers\' basement initiating a sex act with Mikey . Ben then has an awkward discussion with Wendy about "the birds and the bees". Wendy  is visibly bored with the conversation. Seeing this, he changes tack and tells her he\'s really not all that upset with her, except that he thinks that Mikey may not "be right" for her. As the evening begins, a storm hits New Canaan which evolves into a dangerous ice storm. When Ben reveals to Elena that he found Wendy in the Carvers\' basement, she is more concerned with what he was doing there, eventually concluding  that he must be having an affair with Janey. They have a brief argument over it prior to attending a neighborhood party, which turns out to be a swinger\'s key party. Elena suspects that Ben was aware of the nature of the party and had plotted to mark his keys so Janey could fish them out. In her resentment, she decides to participate in the key party. Concurrently, Paul has taken the train into Manhattan. Paul is excited that Libbets has invited him to visit her that evening. He tries to keep this a secret from his roommate, Francis , since Francis has the habit of bedding every girl he discovers Paul is attracted to. Paul is then disheartened to discover Francis has also been invited. The three listen to music and begin drinking and smoking marijuana. It becomes clear that Libbets is more responsive to Francis\' direct advances than to Paul\'s more subtle ones. Paul attempts to drug Francis with Libbets\' mother\'s sleeping medication so that he will be out of commission for the evening, but Libbets also takes one of the pills. Francis, however, passes out first. Libbets and Paul leave him to sleep it off on the floor and Paul tries to make his move on Libbets. He is visibly disappointed when she tells him that she only thinks of him "like a brother" before she too passes out. Wendy decides to make her way to the Carvers\' to see Mikey, but he has decided to go out into the ice storm, so she and Sandy climb into bed together and remove their clothes. They drink from a bottle of vodka and Wendy tries to seduce him; however, they both fall asleep. Meanwhile, as the key party progresses, Ben becomes drunk. When Janey chooses the keys of another man, Ben attempts to protest but trips and knocks his head on the coffee table, leading Jim to realize that his wife and Ben are having an affair. Ben, in his embarrassment, retreats to the bathroom where he remains for the rest of the evening. The remaining key party participants are paired off and leave together with only Jim and Elena remaining. She retrieves Jim\'s keys from the bowl and returns them to him. After debating the issue, Jim and Elena leave together, engaging in a quick, clumsy sexual encounter in the front seat of Jim\'s car. Jim, regretting the line he and Elena have just crossed, agrees to drive her home. Meanwhile, Mikey, out walking in the storm, is enchanted by the beauty of the trees and fields covered in ice. He slides down an icy hill then sits on a guardrail to rest. A moment later a power line, broken by a fallen tree, connects with the guardrail and he is electrocuted. Jim and Elena return to the Carvers\' house as dawn is breaking. Elena walks in on her daughter in bed with Sandy and orders her to get dressed. Janey had also returned home earlier and curled up on her bed in the fetal position without bothering to take off her party clothes. Although it is not revealed what transpired between Janey and her \'key partner\', she is visibly exhausted and sad. Ben has sobered up by this time and begins driving home. He discovers Mikey\'s body on the side of the road and carries it back to the Carvers\' house. The two families are drawn together by Mikey\'s death and Wendy hugs the shocked and numbed Sandy in an attempt to comfort him. Jim is devastated while Janey remains asleep and ignorant to the recent events. Ben, Elena and Wendy then drive to the train station to pick up Paul who is returning from Libbets\' apartment, his train delayed by the ice and the power failure caused by the downed wire. Once all four are together in the car, Ben breaks down, sobbing uncontrollably at the wheel as his family looks on in astonishment.'] ['In "The Red Peppers", a husband and wife song and dance team  bicker with each other, another performer , and the theatre manager . In "Fumed Oak", a middle-aged man  finally has enough of his wife, daughter, and mother-in-law . Having saved enough money secretly, he announces to his stunned family that he is leaving, never to see them again. In the final segment, "Ways and Means", a husband  informs his wife  that he has gambled away their money, leaving little to pay their debts, especially to Olive . They pawn their last few valuable possessions, hoping to win enough in the casino. However, Olive takes the seat the husband was waiting for and proceeds to win a great deal of money. When she gets up, he takes his rightful place and loses all he has. That night, the couple awake to find Olive\'s butler, Murdoch , trying to steal from them. After laughing at him , the wife proposes he rob from his employer and split the money with them. Murdoch takes Olive\'s winnings, but double crosses the couple, only to end up caught by the police.'] ['The story revolves around a 19th century theatre troupe in Paris specializing in gory, naturalistic horror plays in the fashion of the Grand Guignol. The director, Cesar Charron , is presenting Poe\'s "Murders in the Rue Morgue". Cesar\'s wife, the actress Madeline , whose mother  had been murdered by axe, is haunted by nightmares of an ax-wielding man. Then, suddenly, Rene Marot , a former lover of Madeline\'s mother thought long dead after being horribly disfigured on stage, mysteriously returns and begins murdering members and ex-members of the acting troupe, confounding the Paris police, who initially suspect Cesar.'] ['Set in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, during the early apartheid days. The story deals with the coming of age of seventeen year old Hally . Hally, a white South African, has a bad relationship with his biological father and is torn between his father’s expectations and opinions of him and those of his surrogate fathers, black waiters named Sam  and Willie . Young Hally is obliged to laugh at his father’s racist jokes and perform humiliating tasks like empty chamber pots. By contrast, Sam exposes Hally to many positive experiences. After being humiliated by his father, Sam shows Hally how to be proud of something he’s achieved by helping him build and fly his own kite. One day, Hally receives news that his real father, a violent alcoholic, is coming back home from a long stint in a hospital. Hally, distraught with this news, unleashes years of anger and pain on his two black friends.'] ['Nomadic, flaky Caroline Wolff  just wants to settle down in one place, find a decent man, and provide a better home for her and her son, Toby . When she moves to Seattle and meets the seemingly respectable Dwight Hansen  , she thinks she has got it made. Toby, however, feels differently after Dwight\'s true personality is revealed after spending a few months with Dwight and his children away from Caroline. The boy\'s stepfather-to-be seems to want to mold Toby into a better person, but his method includes emotionally, verbally, and physically abusing the boy. The marriage proceeds, and soon Caroline, too, recognizes Dwight\'s need to dominate everyone around him. She sticks with it, though, convinced it is the best thing for her son, and several years of dysfunction ensue. During this time, Toby befriends a classmate, the misfit and ambiguously homosexual, Arthur Gayle . Toby continues to chafe under the yoke of his repressive stepfather. Hoping to leave Concrete and live with his older brother Gregory, Toby decides to apply for east-coast prep-school scholarships. Realizing his grades are not adequate to apply, Toby devises a plan to submit falsified grade reports. Meanwhile, the friendship between Arthur and Toby becomes strained when Arthur confronts Toby regarding his behavior; Arthur tells Toby he is acting more and more like Dwight and asks Toby, "why should you be the one who gets to leave?" Even so, Arthur helps his friend get the papers Toby needs to falsify his grade records and Toby sends in his prep-school applications. When Toby tells Arthur he can leave Concrete and have a better life too, Arthur tells him he will most likely stay. After numerous rejections, Toby is accepted to the Hill School in Pottstown, Pennsylvania with a full scholarship. At the end of the film following two years of marriage, Caroline defends Toby during a physically violent argument between her son and husband and they are both seen leaving Dwight and Concrete. The real Dwight died in 1992. Caroline got remarried to a good man and lives in Florida. Arthur left Concrete after all, and became a successful businessman in Italy. Dwight\'s children all married and lived in Seattle.'] ['Myra Savage  is a medium who holds séances in her home. Her husband Billy , unable to work because of asthma and cowed by Myra\'s domineering personality, assists in her séances. Myra\'s life and psychic work are dominated by her relationship with the spirit of her son Arthur, who died at birth. At Myra’s insistence, Billy kidnaps the young daughter  of a wealthy couple , confining her in a room in the Savage home dressed as a hospital ward. Myra impersonates a nurse to deceive the girl into believing she is hospitalised. Myra insists she is "borrowing" the girl to demonstrate her psychic abilities to the police in helping them find her. Although they ask for a £25,000 ransom, they plan to return the money with the girl after Myra has become famous for helping find her. Myra\'s plan goes awry as her unsteady mental health begins to fray.Review, Time Out, LondonQNetwork review by James Kendrick She tells Billy to kill the girl, and he takes her into the woods and leaves her body under a tree. When the police ask Myra to conduct a séance to help them find the missing girl – as she had hoped they would – she breaks down during the séance and reveals, as if in a psychic trance, what she and Billy have done. Billy tells the police where he hid the ransom money and reveals that he did not kill the girl, but left her unconscious where she would be found by scouts camping nearby.'] ["In a small western Massachusetts town, Dr. Carolyn Ryan  and her sculptor husband Ben  seem to live an idyllic life with their two children Jacob  and Judith . Their world is shattered one evening when Sheriff Fran Conklin  arrives to tell them that Martha Taverner has been killed and witnesses saw Jacob with her just before she died. When he asks to speak with Jacob, the family realizes that he's not in his room as they thought. Conklin asks to look at Jacob's car, but Ben refuses to allow it. When Conklin tries to ask Judith where Jacob is, Ben becomes openly hostile, demanding the sheriff get a warrant. When Conklin leaves to get the warrant, Ben inspects Jacob's car, finding clothes and a car jack with blood on them. He burns the clothes and cleans the jack before the police return. When he tells Carolyn what he has done, she is afraid that Ben may have destroyed evidence that could help them find Jacob, as she is fearful that a maniac may have killed both Martha and her son. The Ryans plaster the town with signs trying to find Jacob, but the town ostracizes them, assuming Jacob is a murderer. Postcards start to arrive from Jacob. The first is from Boston. Over the course of five weeks, he sends postcards from all over the country. Carolyn is convinced that he's been kidnapped and wants to alert the police. Ben remains wary of disclosing anything, insisting they must keep the postcards a secret. Eventually Jacob is caught and brought back home to stand trial. For the first several days, he is catatonic, only speaking aloud to enter his plea at the arraignment. He first speaks to Judith in their treehouse when she asks him if he really traveled all over the country. He explained that he would take the train to the Boston airport once a week and press the postcards on people who were headed to the cities on the cards. He would explain that he had just returned from a vacation there but forgotten to mail the postcards to his parents, and he did not want them to think he'd forgotten them. The travelers would mail the cards for him when they arrived at their destination. During dinner one evening, the family receives another harassing phone call from one of the townspeople. Ben playfully toys with the caller, but offers an impassioned defense of his son. Touched by his father's sincerity, Jacob finally opens up and explains what happened. He had been fighting with Martha when she revealed that she was pregnant, in addition to the fact that she had been sleeping with several other boys. They made up, but while they made love in Jacob's car, they got snowed in. Unable to free the car through a variety of methods, they decided to try to jack one end of the car up while they packed snow under the other end. Their fight reignited and got violent. Martha swung a crowbar at Jacob and missed him by an inch. Furious, he charged at her, knocking her to the ground. She landed face first on the jack and was killed. Ben decides that it is best to not reveal the truth. He coaches Jacob on a different version of the story, which they tell to their lawyer , but the plan goes awry when Ben is deposed by the grand jury and realizes that there is no father-son privilege which exempts him from testifying. As the grand jury continues, the pressure on the family builds to a breaking point. When Carolyn is called to testify, she reveals the truth. Jacob's lawyer is incensed, but he explains that he will simply treat Carolyn as a hostile witness and her testimony will amount to hearsay, since it conflicts with Jacob's account of the events. When Ben discovers what Carolyn has done, he is furious. A family argument ensues and in the morning, Jacob is missing again. He turns up at the police station, where he has given a full confession. As a minor, he needs his parents to sign his confession. Ben refuses, explaining that he could never sign anything that took Jacob away from him. Jacob is sentenced to five years for involuntary manslaughter, but is released after only 2 years with probation, and Ben is sentenced to almost one year for his cover up. The family relocates to Miami."] ['The film follows a graduate student, Omar Razaghi , who wishes to write a biography on an obscure writer, Jules Gund, who died years before. He must travel to Uruguay to persuade the Gund family to authorize the biography.'] ["Anna Karenina  is married to Alexei Karenin , a cold politician more interested in his career than in satisfying the emotional needs of his wife. Called back to Moscow by her brother Stefan Oblonsky , a reprobate who has cheated on his trusting wife Dolly  for the last time, Anna meets Countess Vronsky  on the night train. They discuss their sons, with the Countess showing Anna a picture of her son, Count Vronsky . Vronsky shows up at the train to meet his mother, and is instantly infatuated with Anna. He boldly makes his interest known to her, which Anna demurely pushes away -- but not emphatically so. At a fancy ball, Vronsky continues to pursue the married Anna, much to the delight of the gossiping socialites. But poor Kitty Scherbatsky , who is smitten with Vronsky, is humiliated by his behavior and leaves the ball -- much to the distress of Konstantin Levin , a suitor of Kitty's who was rejected by her in favor of Vronsky. However, after a change of heart, Kitty marries Levin. Boldly following Anna back to St. Petersburg, Vronsky makes it known to society that he is the consort of Anna -- a notion she does nothing to stop. Soon, society is whispering about the affair, and it's only a matter of time before Alexei learns of the relationship. More worried about his social and political position than his wife's passion, he orders her to break off with Vronsky or risk losing her son. She tries, but cannot tear herself away from Vronsky. Leaving Alexei, Anna becomes pregnant with Vronsky's child. Almost dying in childbirth , Anna begs Alexei for forgiveness, which he coldly grants. Alexei, being magnanimous, allows Vronsky the notion that he may visit Anna if she calls for him. Embarrassed by the scandal, Vronsky tries to kill himself, but fails. Anna tries again to live with Alexei, but cannot get Vronsky out of her head. She leaves Alexei for good, abandoning her child to live in Italy with Vronsky. But her doubts over Vronsky's feelings for her grow, and she eventually pushes him away. Realizing that she has lost everything, Anna walks the train tracks, and commits suicide by letting the train hit her."] ["The movie, Their Eyes Were Watching God, opens with an introduction of Oprah giving a brief synopsis of the movie. She states that the movie will make people have a different outlook on kissing. Before the movie begins, she states that Hurston will be very proud of the outcome of the movie. After the introduction, it switches into the actual film which begins with Janie Crawford  who is in overalls walking into Eatonville, Florida barefoot. She mentions that there are two things that people need to find out about which are love and living. She says that love is like the sea because it is a moving thing that is on every shore. As she continues to walk through Eatonville into her home, you hear people of the town saying comments such as Tea Cake , who we later learn to be her younger third lover, has taken all of her money and abandoned her. They assume this because after a number of days of running off with Tea Cake, she returned to Eatonville alone with no Tea Cake in sight. However, ignoring these comments, Janie enters her house and begins playing the piano. Her best friend, Pheoby Watson  walks into her house and brings her food. Pheoby gives Janie her opinion that Tea Cake was a bad person who took advantage of Janie, but Janie disagrees because she believes that what Tea Cake and her had was real love. As she is explaining herself to Pheoby, the scene switches to her past of age sixteen where her life story to Pheoby will begin. The scene takes place at Janie's grandmother's house. Janie is standing in the backyard admiring a bee pollinating a pear tree. As she is looking, she sees Johnny Taylor  in a distance. She runs to him and they begin to kiss. Moments shortly, her grandmother, Nanny , catches her kissing him. Nanny drags Janie away and tells her that she does not want Janie to be like her mother. Therefore, this leads to the idea of marriage. Nanny announces that she has arranged a marriage for Janie with an elderly man named Logan Killicks . Janie, who is unfavorable of this arrangement, speaks back to her Nanny saying that she did not want to marry him. As a reaction, Nanny slaps her across the face and says that Killicks can support her with the sixty acres that he owns. This arrangement has to be made for Janie because they both know that Nanny is getting old; therefore, Janie cannot support herself on her own. As a response to the slap, Janie runs off into a nearby lake and lays there floating. She looks out into the sky and begins “watching God.” Janie ends up marrying and beginning a life with Logan Killicks . They both physically work together at managing their sixty acres. One day, Logan realizes that they need another plier; therefore, he goes to Hamilton County to buy one. Janie asks if she can come with him, but he tells her to stay to work on the farm. After Logan leaves, Janie releases their pigs and encounters Joe “Jody” Starks  who is walking passed by their home to get to Eatonville, Florida. They converse and Joe tells her that he is going to place that will eventually become a great town. Joe tries to convince Janie to come with him, but she denies. He tells her that if she changes her mind, he will be waiting down the road for her after sunrise the next morning. That night as Janie and Logan are in bed, she asks him what he would do if she were to leave him. Logan states that she must not appreciate his treatment and his sixty acres that he has to offer her. He finalizes the conversation by telling Janie to do what she has to do. As Logan's wife, Janie realizes that she only married him for his financial support instead of for love. She will not feel love for him even if she waits. Therefore the next morning, she decides to go to Eatonville, Florida with Joe to find change. Joe and Janie arrive to Eatonville, Florida as a married couple. Janie now carries the name Mrs. Starks to the locals in that town. Upon their arrival, one of the persons they are greeted by is Amos Hicks . Joe Starks asks Amos if he knows where Eatonville is and Amos replies that have currently reached Eatonville. Joe and Janie see that Eatonville is a town that has been barely developed. Therefore, Joe takes the role of buying more land from Caption Eaton and becoming mayor of the town. With the locals coming together to work as a team, they construct a newly built Eatonville that actually represents a real, decent town. Also, Joe built a two story home for both Janie and him, and a shop for them to run a business. After its completion, a festivity is held for Mayor Joe Starks to present and document the town as official. For the speech ceremony, the ladies of Eatonville make Janie a dress to wear; however, Joe ordered her an outfit from one of the finest stores in Orlando telling her that the outfit he bought was more appropriate for a mayor's wife compared to the one the ladies made for her. During the festivity, Janie overhears some of the ladies saying that since Janie is not wearing there dress, they must think she is too good to wear the dress that they made for her. Through her facial expression, she expresses an emotion of uneasiness but must deal with the opinions. Once Joe finishes giving his speech, Amos Hicks shouts out loud for Mrs. Starks to give a speech as well. Janie smiles and seems to be about ready to say something, but Joe cuts her off by saying that she does not know anything about speech making and he did not marry her for anything like that. The next day, some of the locals gather up to play checkers in front of the Starks' shop. As Janie is standing there with them watching them play, Amos Hicks admires her hair and lightly touches it. Joe sees this occurrence from behind the register and tells Janie to come back into the shop. After having an argument, he hands her a scarf and tells her to wrap up her hair, giving her the reason that she must wrap up her hair because she is the mayor's wife. Janie throws the scarf on the floor and runs out of the shop into their home, with Joe following her. After she is done packing up her belongings, Joe follows her out of the house and tells her, while the locals watching, that all she will be without him is someone who men will take advantage of and toss into the ditch in the end. After hearing this, Janie ends up walking back into their home, agreeing to wrap up her hair in the scarf. Every day, Janie lived a routine life: breakfast at dawn, lunch at noon, and dinner by six. Twenty years past and Janie still lives the same routine life that was designed for her by Joe. One day in the shop when getting Sam Watson some tobacco, Joe and Janie get into an argument. Janie does not like the fact that Joe calls her old and talks back to him about his own old age. Janie further insults Joe's manhood in front of the locals as she walks out of the shop. Angry and humiliated, Joe follows Janie and smacks her across the face, knocking her onto the ground. She struggles to stand up with a bloody lip and a scratch on her forehead. Phoeby comes to comfort Janie and take her away from the shop, while Joe Starks looks back at the disapproved looks of the locals and goes back into the shop. Phoeby gives Janie a place to sleep away from Joe. One day, a doctor visits the household to check on Joe's declining health. Janie watches this and, realizing that Joe is going to die soon, pays a visit to her bedridden husband. As he is lying in bed, Janie thanks him for the life he gave her and the materials he bought for her. She also tells him, however, that her own feelings were diminished just to make room for his wishes. As Joe's wife, Janie gained class, but she was not allowed to create her own identity. Joe tries to silence her, but Janie berates him for trying to control her even in his last moments, instead of accepting her love. Once Joe hears this, he looks directly at Janie and wishes death upon her before finally passing away. After his funeral, Janie finally removes her scarf and she states that for once, she feels free. The scene drifts off into Janie entering a lake, symbolizing her feeling of freedom. A year of living a life full of freedom finally passes. One day while Janie is working in her shop alone, a gentlemen enters and asks for tobacco and light. Everyone else in town is at the ball game except for them two. She asks him why he is not there like everyone else and he responds saying that not everyone, since Janie is here working at the shop. They continue mingle and agree to play a game of checkers against each other. Janie loses and he tells her that he will teach her how to play one day. Janie says that he can teach her as long as he does not cheat her. He offers her a drink and introduces himself to her as Tea Cake. The scene changes to the locals hanging out together. Amos Hicks continue to carry the goal of marrying Janie, but Janie does not feel the same way for him. Janie is sitting in a rocking chair in front of her house eating an apple. She sees Tea Cake coming by the shop to where the checker table is. He yells across to Janie to challenge him at a game of checkers again. Before they begin to play, Amos Hicks volunteers to teach Janie how to play. However, as he is talking to her, Janie is not paying attention because she is too focused on Tea Cake. Tea Cake and Janie continue to hang out that night. He introduces her to many new things such as tasting the juice from a lemon, fishing, and playing the piano. After hanging out that night, Janie asks him to leave because she does not want to be taken advantaged of by Tea Cake, especially because Tea Cake is younger than her. Therefore, she believes that he has had many flings with many girls. The next morning Tea Cake shows up at her door with strawberries to convince her and prove through actions and not just words that he is serious about them two. Later, she goes out on a picnic with Tea Cake. There, he teaches her how to shoot and aim a gun. They continue to hang out doing many activities together that Janie has never done before. Seeing this, Phoeby has a talk with Janie saying that she is worried about her involvement with Tea Cake. Phoeby reminds her of what happened to Annie Taller. Annie had run off with a younger guy that ended taking all of her money and leaving her. Janie is not convinced that Tea Cake is like that; therefore, she still decides to run off with Tea Cake. Janie and Tea Cake dance the night away and end up having a sexual romantic night together. She wakes up to find him and all of her money missing. After a long while of waiting for him, he finally arrives back. He sweet talks his way back into getting her by saying that he took her money to gamble to try to win more money to take her out to Orlando and buy her pretty things. He says he wanted to win the world for her but does not want to drag her down by doing so. Janie replies back saying that he cannot drag her down because all he has to give her is himself. Pleased with her response, Tea Cake then brings up the subject about both of them living in Everglades, which Janie ends up agreeing to. At Everglades, there is a variety of different types of people who all express their sense of freedom. That night, there is a music and dance festivity held. This scene plays a part in expressing Janie and Tea Cake's romantic chemistry with each other. Living there, Janie volunteers into becoming a working woman with Tea Cake by helping him pick cucumbers in the fields. Living with Tea Cake in Everglades, Janie felt for the first time that she was living her life because she finally had freedom and real love. The scene changes to Janie and Tea Cake fishing. As they are fishing, a few Indians pass by and tell them that they are going to high grounds because a big storm is coming. Many of the locals move up north as well. They offer Tea Cake and Janie a ride, but they decide to stay in Everglades to continue work. During the storm, they spend the night together in their home. They converse and Janie expresses her love to Tea Cake. He is surprised because he did not know that she felt that strongly about him. Unexpectedly, a hurricane comes crashing into their home and takes them both with it. While Janie is swimming around in the water searching for Tea Cake, a dog appears and tries to attack Janie. Tea Cake comes from behind and attacks the dog; however, he gets bit. A week later, the storm settles down and people return to try to rebuild the town. Tea Cake has been feeling awfully sick. A doctor checks up on him and tells Janie that Tea Cake has rabies and must be taken to the county hospital as soon as possible. The doctor tells Janie that he will try his best to get Janie the medicine that Tea Cake needs. As days past, Janie sees Tea Cake's personality changing due to the rabies taking control over him. One night as Tea Cake wakes from an awful dream, Janie finds a gun under his pillow. The next morning when Tea Cake leaves the house for a bit to use the restroom, Janie is able to remove four bullets but two remain before Tea Cake returns. Tea Cake asks Janie why she does not sleep with him anymore. In response, she agrees to lie next to him. As she is lying there, she sees a rifle hanging on the side of the house. She hears a car arriving and thinks it is the doctor. Therefore, she runs out; however, it ends up not being him. As she comes back into the house, Tea Cake is standing there and slams the door behind her because he believes that Janie is trying to run off. Tea Cake holds the gun in his hand and fires at Janie, but there is no bullet. Janie tells him that the rabies is taking control of him and advises him to try to fight against it. He fires again, but once again there is no bullet. He continues to shoot. Janie asks him if he recognizes her, but he aims the gun at her again. This time if he were to fire, there will definitely be a bullet reaching Janie. He reaches for the trigger again, but before he is able to fire, Janie grabs the rifle and fires at him in self-defense. Tea Cake ends up dying in her arms. The scene changes back to the presence where Janie is telling Phoeby her life story to prove why Tea Cake was not a bad guy to her. Phoeby tells her that after listening to her story, she is now motivated to live her life and to create a self-identity. Phoeby leaves to her significant other so she can begin working on her goal. The movie ends with Janie wrapping Tea Cake's jacket around herself and running off into the lake. She lies there flat on her back and looks up into the sky. She hears Tea Cake's voice as she is “watching God.”"] ['The film begins with Moriarty and Holmes verbally sparring on the steps outside the Old Bailey where Moriarty has just been acquitted on a charge of murder due to lack of evidence. Holmes remarks, "You\'ve a magnificent brain, Moriarty. I admire it. I admire it so much I\'d like to present it, pickled in alcohol, to the London Medical Society". "It would make an impressive exhibit", replies Moriarty. Later Holmes and Watson are visited at 221B Baker Street by Ann Brandon . She tells him that her brother Lloyd has received a strange note - a drawing of a man with an albatross hanging around his neck - identical to one received by her father just before his brutal murder ten years before. Holmes deduces that the note is a warning and rushes to find Lloyd Brandon. However he is too late, as Lloyd has been murdered by being strangled and having his skull crushed. Holmes investigates and attends a garden party, disguised as a music-hall entertainer, where he correctly believes an attempt will be made on Ann\'s life. Hearing her cries from a nearby park he captures her assailant, who turns out to be Gabriel Mateo, out for revenge on the Brandons for the murder of his father by Ann\'s father in a dispute over ownership of their South American mine. His murder weapon was a bolas. Mateo also reveals that it was Moriarty who urged him to seek revenge. Holmes realises that Moriarty is using the case as a distraction from his real crime, a crime that will stir the British Empire - an attempt to steal the Crown Jewels. Holmes rushes to the Tower of London to prevent the crime, and during a struggle Moriarty falls, presumably to his death. In the end, Ann is married and Holmes tries to shoo a fly by playing his violin, only to have Watson swat it with his newspaper remarking, "Elementary, my dear Holmes, elementary."Davies, David Stuart, Holmes of the Movies  ISBN 450 03358 9'] ['The film focuses on the March sisters - beautiful Meg , tempestuous Jo , tender Beth , and romantic Amy  - growing up in Concord, Massachusetts during and after the American Civil War. With their father away fighting in the war, the girls struggle with major and minor problems under the guidance of their strong-willed mother, affectionately called Marmee . As a means of escaping some of their problems, the sisters revel in performing in romantic plays written by Jo in their attic theater. Living next door to the family is wealthy Mr. Laurence ([[John Neville , whose grandson Theodore, nicknamed "Laurie" , moves in with him and becomes a close friend of the March family. Mr. Laurence becomes a mentor for Beth, whose exquisite piano-playing reminds him of his deceased daughter, and Meg falls in love with Laurie\'s tutor John Brooke . Mr. March is wounded in the war and Marmee is called away to nurse him. While Marmee is away, Beth contracts scarlet fever from a neighbor\'s infant. Awaiting Marmee\'s return, Meg and Jo send Amy away to live with their Aunt March. Prior to Beth\'s illness, Jo had been Aunt March\'s companion for several years, and while she was unhappy with her position she tolerated it in the hope her aunt one day would take her to Europe. Amy thrives as Aunt March\'s new companion. Mr. March returns home just prior to Christmas. Four years pass; Meg and John Brooke marry, and Beth\'s health is deteriorating steadily. Laurie graduates from college and proposes to Jo and asks her to go to London with him, but realizing she thinks of him more as a big brother than a romantic prospect, she refuses his offer. Jo later deals with the added disappointment that Aunt March has decided to take Amy, who is now sixteen , with her to Europe instead of her. Crushed, Jo departs for New York City to pursue her dream of writing and experiencing life. There she meets Friedrich Bhaer , a German professor who challenges and stimulates her intellectually, introduces her to opera and philosophy, and encourages her to write better stories than the lurid Victorian melodramas she has penned so far. In Europe, Amy reunites with her old childhood friend Laurie. Finding he has become dissolute and irresponsible, she censures him and refuses to have anything more to do with him until he mends his ways. Laurie decides to go to London to work for his grandfather and make himself worthy of Amy. Jo is summoned home to see Beth, who finally dies of the lingering effects of the scarlet fever that have plagued her for the past four years. Grieving for her sister, Jo retreats to the comfort of the attic and begins to write her life story. Upon its completion, she sends it to Professor Bhaer. Meanwhile, Meg gives birth to twins Demi and Daisy. A letter from Amy informs the family Aunt March is too ill to travel, so Amy must remain in Europe with her. In London, Laurie receives a letter from Jo in which she informs him of Beth\'s death and mentions Amy is in Vevey, unable to come home. Laurie immediately travels to be at Amy\'s side. The two eventually return to the March home as husband and wife. Aunt March dies and she leaves Jo her house, which she decides to convert into a school. Professor Bhaer arrives with the printed galley proofs of her manuscript and announces he is departing for the West, where he has found a position as a teacher. When he discovers it was Amy and not Jo who wed Laurie, he proposes marriage and Jo accepts.'] [' In the Second Age, the Dark Lord Sauron attempts to conquer Middle-Earth using his One Ring. In battle against the Elves and Men, Prince Isildur cuts the Ring from Sauron\'s hand, destroying his physical form and vanquishing his army. However, Sauron\'s "life force" is bound to the Ring, allowing him to survive while the Ring remains. Isildur, corrupted by the Ring\'s power, refuses to destroy it. When Isildur is killed by Orcs, the Ring is lost in a river for 2,500 years. The Ring is found by Gollum, who possesses it for centuries until it is found by the Hobbit Bilbo Baggins. Sixty years later, Bilbo leaves the Ring to his nephew, Frodo Baggins. Upon learning that the Ring belonged to Sauron, the Wizard Gandalf the Grey warns Frodo that Sauron\'s forces will come for him. Gandalf catches Frodo\'s gardener Samwise Gamgee "eavesdropping" underneath a window and sends him with Frodo to leave the Shire. Gandalf rides to Isengard to meet with the head of his order, Saruman the White, who reveals that Sauron\'s servants, the Nazgûl, have been sent to capture the Ring. Saruman reveals himself to be in service to Sauron, and imprisons Gandalf atop his tower. Saruman commands Sauron\'s Orcs to construct weapons of war and produce a new breed of Orc fighters: the Uruk-hai. While travelling to Bree, Frodo and Sam are joined by Merry and Pippin, and are nearly captured by the Nazgûl. At the Inn of the Prancing Pony, Frodo meets the mysterious ranger Aragorn, who hides them from their pursuers and agrees to lead them to Rivendell. During the journey they are attacked by the Nazgûl. Aragorn fights off the creatures, but Frodo is wounded by their Morgul blade, which will turn him into a wraith. While chased by the Nazgûl, Frodo is saved by the Elf Arwen who uses her magic to summon a surge of water that sweeps away the pursuing Nazgûl. Arwen takes Frodo to Rivendell where he is healed by her father, Elrond. Gandalf escapes Saruman\'s tower with the aid of Gwaihir the eagle and travels to Rivendell. Elrond calls a council of the races still loyal to Middle-earth to decide what should be done with the Ring. It is revealed that the Ring can only be destroyed by throwing it into the fires of Mount Doom, where it was forged. Frodo volunteers to take the Ring, accompanied by Sam, Merry, Pippin, Gandalf, and Aragorn. They are joined by the Elf Legolas, the Dwarf Gimli, and Boromir, man of Gondor, to form the Fellowship of the Ring. The Fellowship set out but are hindered by Saruman\'s magic. They travel through the dwarf Mines of Moria. Inside, they find that Orcs have overrun the mines and slain the Dwarves; they also realise that Gollum is following them, determined to reclaim the Ring. The Fellowship is attacked by Orcs and a Balrog, an ancient demon of fire and shadow. Gandalf confronts the Balrog, allowing the others to escape, but both Gandalf and the Balrog fall into an abyss. Mourning Gandalf\'s apparent death, the group flees to Lothlórien, where they are sheltered by its rulers, the Elves Galadriel and Celeborn. That night, Galadriel informs Frodo that it is his destiny to destroy the Ring. The Fellowship continue their journey. Meanwhile, Saruman assembles a force of Uruk-hai to hunt the Fellowship. After arriving at Parth Galen, Boromir gives in to the Ring\'s corruption and tries to take it from Frodo, believing that it is the only way to save his realm. Frodo manages to escape by wearing the Ring and becoming invisible. Boromir realises what he has done, and attempts to find Frodo, who decides to continue his journey alone, heeding Galadriel\'s warning that the Ring will eventually corrupt the other members of the Fellowship. The Uruk-hai arrive and Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli attempt to hold them off while Frodo escapes. Merry and Pippin lead the Orcs away from Frodo and are nearly killed. Boromir tries to save them, but in the process is shot fatally by the Uruk-Hai leader, Lurtz. The Uruk-Hai capture Merry and Pippin. Aragorn slays Lurtz and tends to a dying Boromir, and promises him that the world of men will not fall. Boromir dies with Aragorn, Gimli and Legolas by his side. Sam finds Frodo, who reluctantly lets Sam join him. Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli set out to rescue Merry and Pippin. As Frodo and Sam gaze out at the land before them, they grieve over the others. Frodo says that he is glad that Sam is with him and the two Hobbits set off towards Mordor.'] ['{{see also}}{{see also}} Jesse Aarons  is a seventh-grade aspiring artist living with his financially struggling family in Lark Creek, Virginia. He rides the bus to his elementary school with his little sister May Belle , where he avoids the school bully, Janice Avery . In class, Jesse is teased by classmates Scott Hoager  and Gary Fulcher , and meets a new student his age by the name Leslie Burke . At recess, Jesse enters a running event, for which he had been training at home. Leslie also enters and manages to beat all the boys, much to Jesse\'s irritation. On the way home, Jesse and Leslie learn that they are next-door neighbors. Later in the evening, Jesse becomes frustrated when he finds that May Belle drew in his notebook, but his mom  who favors her daughters and his strict father  sides with her. He later watches them gardening together, disappointed that his father never spends time with him. The next day at school, Leslie compliments Jesse\'s drawing ability after seeing his notebook, and they soon become best friends. Every day after school they venture into the woods and swing across a creek on a rope. Jesse and Leslie find an abandoned tree house and a broken down truck on the other side, and invent a new world, which Leslie names "Terabithia". The fantasy world, which is a reflection on their lives, comes to life through their eyes as they explore the surroundings and spend their free time in the tree house getting to know each other, ruling Terabithia as King and Queen. Leslie gives Jesse an art kit for his birthday, much to his delight. Later, he gives her a puppy, whom she decides to name Prince Terrien . Once in Terabithia, they fight with various creatures, including a troll resembling Janice. In one particular scene, Leslie walks onto a log and shouts "We rule Terabithia and nothing crushes us!" At school, Janice puts a fee on entering the girls\' bathroom. Leslie becomes frustrated by her fee and she and Jesse play a prank on Janice. A while later Janice pranks Jesse by pretending to fall over and accuses Jesse of tripping her over on purpose. Jesse is forced off the bus. Once Leslie\'s parents finish writing their book, she and Jesse help paint their house. Jesse is impressed by her parents\' happiness, and smiles as he watches their family. At school on Friday, Leslie hears Janice Avery crying in the bathroom. After Leslie talks with her, she discovers that the reason why Janice is a bully is that she is abused by her father, and they become friends. Jesse and Leslie then take P.T. to Terabithia, where they fight off several creatures resembling students at their school. They decide to go home when it starts raining and the creek gets higher than ever, and Jesse realizes that he has started having feelings for Leslie as she runs back to her house, for the last time. The next morning, Ms. Edmunds , Jesse\'s music teacher, calls to invite him on a one-on-one field trip to an art museum. Jesse tries to ask his mother\'s permission; however, she is half-asleep and he takes her mumbling as approval. Jesse does not ask Leslie to accompany him, and merely looks at her house as they drive by. When he returns home, Jesse finds that his father and mother are worried sick because they did not know where he was. His father tells him that Leslie drowned in the creek after falling in  because the rope broke in the same morning when Jesse went to the museum. The family therefore thought that Jesse had drowned too. Jesse is heartbroken, and says he doesn\'t believe that Leslie drowned. The following day, Jesse and his parents visit the Burke family home to pay their respects. Leslie\'s father, Bill Burke , tells Jesse that she loved him, and thanks him for being a very good friend to her, since she had trouble making friends at her old school. Jesse feels overwhelming guilt for Leslie\'s death because he didn\'t invite her to the museum trip and for not being there for her. He runs back into the forest, and breaks down in tears. His father tells him that it\'s not his fault and says, "She brought you something special when she came here, didn\'t she? That\'s what you hold on to. That\'s how you keep her alive". Jesse decides to re-imagine Terabithia and builds a bridge with a sign saying "Nothing Crushes Us" across the creek to welcome a new ruler. He invites his sister May Belle to enter Terabithia; she is delighted because she was previously denied every opportunity to enter. She and Jesse bring back Terabithia in even greater splendor, with Jesse as king and his sister as princess.'] ['The film takes place in May 1805, during the Napoleonic Wars. Captain "Lucky Jack" Aubrey of HMS Surprise is ordered to pursue the French privateer Acheron, and "Sink, Burn, or take her a Prize." As the film opens, a crewmember aboard the British warship hears a bell sound and the ship becomes alert. As captain Aubrey looks through his telescope at the fog, he sees cannonfire, and the ship is ambushed by Acheron, a ship twice as large as the British warship. Surprise is heavily damaged, while its own cannon fire does not penetrate the enemy ship\'s hull. Later in the battle, Surprise\'s rudder is shot off and her helm is blown away, making the ship unsteerable, adding to the fact that the ship is taking water fast. Using smaller boats, the crew of Surprise tow the ship into a fog bank and evade pursuit. Aubrey learns from a crewman who saw Acheron being built that it is heavier and faster than Surprise, and the senior officers consider the ship out of their class. Aubrey notes that such a ship could tip the balance of power in Napoleon\'s favour if allowed to plunder the British whaling fleet at will. He orders pursuit of Acheron, rather than returning to port for repairs. Acheron again ambushes Surprise, but Aubrey slips away in the night by using a clever decoy buoy and ships lamps. Following the privateer south, Surprise rounds Cape Horn and heads to the Galapagos Islands, where Aubrey is sure Acheron will prey on Britain\'s whaling fleet. The ship\'s doctor, Maturin, is interested in the islands\' fauna and flora; Aubrey promises his friend several days\' exploration time. When Surprise reaches the Galapagos they recover the survivors of a whaling ship destroyed by Acheron. Realizing the ship is close, Aubrey hastily pursues the privateer. Maturin accuses Aubrey of going back on his word, and of following Acheron more out of pride rather than duty, something which Aubrey flatly denies, although not without acknowledging that he has exceeded his orders in pursuit of the privateer. Marine officer Captain Howard attempts to shoot an albatross, but accidentally hits Maturin. The surgeon\'s mate informs Aubrey that the bullet and a piece of cloth it took with it must be removed, but also that the operation should be performed on solid ground. Despite closing in on Acheron, Aubrey turns around and takes the doctor back to the Galapagos. Maturin performs surgery on himself using a mirror. Giving up the pursuit of the privateer, Aubrey grants Maturin the chance to explore the island and gather specimens before they head for home. On crossing the island looking for a species of flightless cormorant, the doctor discovers Acheron on the other side of the island. Abandoning most of his specimens, Maturin hastens back to warn Aubrey, and Surprise prepares for battle. Due to Acheron{{\'}}s sturdy hull, Surprise must get within very close range to deal damage, something which the officers consider almost impossible. However, after observing the camouflage ability of one of Maturin\'s specimens — a stick insect — Aubrey disguises Surprise as a whaling ship; he hopes the French would move close to capture the valuable ship rather than destroy it. The Acheron falls for the disguise and is disabled. Aubrey leads boarding parties across the wreckage, engaging in fierce hand-to-hand combat before the ship is captured. Looking for the Acheron{{\'}}s captain, Aubrey is directed to the sickbay, where a French doctor tells him the captain is dead and offers Aubrey the commander\'s sword. Acheron and Surprise are repaired; while Surprise will remain in the Galapagos, the captured Acheron is to be taken to Valparaíso. As Acheron sails away, Maturin mentions that their doctor had died months ago. Realizing the French captain deceived him by pretending to be the ship\'s doctor, Aubrey gives the order to beat to quarters and escort Acheron to Valparaíso. Maturin is again denied the chance to explore the Galapagos. Aubrey notes that since the bird Maturin seeks is flightless, "it\'s not going anywhere", and the two play a selection of Luigi Boccherini as the crew assumes battle stations.'] ["{{quote}} The film opens with Shakespeare's proverb, and words on the screen announcing that its purpose is to highlight the virtues of psychoanalysis in banishing mental illness and restoring reason. Dr. Constance Petersen  is a psychoanalyst at Green Manors, a mental hospital in Vermont, and is perceived by the other  doctors as detached and emotionless. The director of the hospital, Dr. Murchison , is being forced into retirement, shortly after returning from an absence due to nervous exhaustion. His replacement is the much younger Dr. Anthony Edwardes . Dr. Petersen notices that there is something strange about Dr. Edwardes. He has a peculiar phobia about seeing sets of parallel lines against a white background, first displayed in an inappropriate reaction to seeing a diagram drawn with the tines of a fork on a tablecloth. Dr. Petersen soon realizes, by comparing handwriting, that this man is an impostor and not the real Dr. Edwardes. He confides to her that he killed Dr. Edwardes and took his place. He suffers from massive amnesia and does not know who he is. Dr. Petersen believes that he is innocent and suffering from a Guilt Complex. 'Dr. Edwardes' disappears during the night, having left a note for Dr. Petersen that he is going to the Empire State Hotel in New York City. It becomes public knowledge that 'Dr. Edwardes' is an impostor, and that the real Dr. Edwardes is missing and may have been murdered. Dr. Petersen goes to the Empire State Hotel, knowing that the police are in pursuit. She needs to use her psychoanalytic skills to unlock his amnesia and find out what had really happened. One of Hitchcock's characteristic innocent-person-pursued-by-the-police evasions ensues, as Dr. Petersen and the impostor  travel by train to Rochester, to meet Dr. Brulov , who had been Dr. Petersen's teacher and mentor. The two doctors analyze a dream that 'John Brown' had. The dream sequence  is full of psychoanalytic symbols&mdash;eyes, curtains, scissors, playing cards , a man with no face, a man falling off a building, a man hiding behind a chimney dropping a wheel, and wings. They deduce that Brown and Edwardes had been on a ski trip together  and that Edwardes had somehow died there. Dr. Petersen and Brown go to the Gabriel Valley ski resort  to reenact the event and unlock his repressed memories. Near the bottom of the hill, Brown's memory suddenly returns. He recalls that there is a precipice in front of them, over which Edwardes had fallen to his death. He stops them just in time. He also remembers a traumatic event from his childhood&mdash;he slid down a hand rail and accidentally knocked his brother onto sharp pointed railings, killing him. This incident had caused him to develop amnesia and a generalized guilt complex. He also remembers that his real name is John Ballantyne. All is understood now, and Ballantyne is about to be exonerated, when it is discovered that Edwardes had a bullet in his body. Ballantyne is convicted of murder and sent to prison. A heartbroken Dr. Petersen returns to her position at the hospital, where Dr. Murchison is once again the director. After reconsidering her notes from the dream, she realizes that the 'wheel' was a revolver and that the man hiding behind the chimney and dropping the wheel was Dr. Murchison hiding behind a tree, shooting Dr. Edwardes and dropping the gun. She confronts Murchison with this and he confesses, but says that he didn't drop the gun; he still has it. He pulls it out of his desk and threatens to shoot her. She walks away, the gun still pointed at her, and explains that while the first murder carried extenuating circumstances of his own mental state, murdering her as well surely would result in the electric chair. He allows her to leave and turns the gun on himself. Dr. Petersen is then reunited with Ballantyne."] ['In New York City a performance by noted violinist Paul Boray  is cancelled. At his apartment, Boray is at rock bottom emotionally. His manager Frederic Bauer  is angry with him for misunderstanding what a performing career would be like, and for thinking that music is no longer part of his life as he has lived with it for too long. To the more sympathetic Sid Jeffers  he says he has always wanted to do the right thing, but has always been outside of himself looking in. He cannot get back to the kid he once was. In the past, young Paul ([[Robert Blake  is choosing a birthday present in a suburban New York Variety store run by Jeffers . He rejects as childish the suggestions of his father \'Papa\' Rudy , a grocery store owner, but settles on a violin, which his father rejects as unsuitable; his price limit is $1.50. Esther, his mother ([[Ruth Nelson , sympathetic at this stage, buys the $8 violin for him. A transition from his faltering first steps to being a gifted young violinist follows. On 15 October 1930, he overhears his father Rudy\'s dismissal of his chances, and the frustration of his brother Phil  in finding a job. He resolved to go out on his own and not be dependent on his family. He finds a job with locally broadcast orchestra in which Sid Jeffers is the pianist. At a party, Paul meets the hostess Helen Wright , a patroness in a loveless marriage with an ineffectual aging husband Victor , her third. Helen is a self-centered, adulterous woman who uses men as sexual playthings and is initially baffled by the strong-willed and independent Boray. After being rude to him at the party, she sends a golden cigarette case to his home the next day. \'Papa\' Boray is impressed, but his mother is now suspicious. At first interested in his talent rather than Boray as a person, though Boray is quick to press her on the second issue. He gains a manager Bauer from her connections, and is now in love with her. On the beach, near the Wright\'s Long Island home, he reaches out to Helen after a swim, but she runs away; later in the evening she falls off a horse and he kisses her, but Helen does not want to be touched and wishes to be left alone by Paul. After a shot of ocean waves, everything is different. Helen warns him he might be sorry love was ever invented, but admits she cannot fight him any longer, and is in love with him. Waiting at home, Esther ([[Ruth Nelson , his mother, is not fooled by his denials, and points out a missed date with Gina Romney , also a musician and his long-term sweetheart. Esther had earlier overheard Victor\'s putdown of Paul as a "savage" after a concert. After a tour across America that takes several months, he has lunch with Gina. Sid arrives with Helen, who is immediately jealous of Gina, but Helen leaves in a hurry and Paul follows her; Gina cries. After a scene in Teddy\'s Bar, in which Helen smashes her drink , she is angry with Paul at being neglected; Paul had never called her, even when close to New York. Paul points out her married status, but Helen urges him to let her become more involved in his career; she is jealous of Gina\'s musician status. During the daytime, at his new apartment containing numerous photographs of Helen, he confesses his love for her to his mother. Later, at night in the Wright\'s home, disquieted by rumours he has heard, Victor asks his wife for a divorce. He is suspicuious of her real intentions, but Helen admits this is first time she has known real love. At a rehearsal, Paul is passed a note from Helen claiming good news. She asks to see him immediately, but he crumples the note and continues with the rehearsal of the Carmen Fantasie . At Teddy\'s Bar, Helen becomes increasingly drunk, and is unable to tolerate the house pianist/singer performing "Embraceable You". Paul arrives to take her home, but in reality to an impromptu conference. This time, it is Helen who is cool; she repeatedly does not really hear his stated wish to marry her. Helen visits his parents grocery store, but Esther wishes they would part. Helen listens to Boray play his transcription of Wagner\'s Liebestod on the radio; Paul had been concerned of her absence. Helen, recalling her husband\'s words, realizes her dissolute past can only taint his future, and then walks to her death in the nearby ocean; in her jaded mind, the only logical resolution to their problems. Later a group of people wait on the shore. Paul, distraught, is comforted by the loyal Jeffers. Returning to the opening scene, Paul asks Jeffers to tell Bauer not to worry. He is not running away.'] ["In 1944, soon after the Soviet Red Army had liberated Lithuania from the Nazi forces, the Nazis launch a counter-assault. During this time, a family from an aristocratic background, consisting of eight-year-old Hannibal Lecter, his younger sister, Mischa, and their parents, quickly escape to the family's hunting lodge. After the Nazis take over at Lecter Castle, six Lithuanian militiamen, who want to join the Waffen-SS, are told to prove their worth. Grutas orders them to kill the Lecters' Jewish cook. They also threaten another servant of the Lecter household, asking him if he was a Gypsy or a Jew. As this happens, the Soviet Red Army begins launching attacks to retake the area. A Soviet tank crew stops at the Lecters' lodge, telling the Lecters to leave the house while they get some water. The Soviet soldiers allow Hannibal and Mischa to stay within the lodge, where it is warmer. The Soviet tank is then spotted by a German Stuka bomber, which sparks a firefight. The bomber is shot down by the tank, but subsequently crashes into it, and the ensuing explosion kills everyone still alive, except Hannibal and Mischa, who had remained inside the lodge. The Lithuanian militiamen then loot Lecter Castle as the Soviet Red Army draws nearer. The Soviet advance forces the Nazi militiamen to hide out in the woods, where they locate the Lecter lodge. Finding no other food in the bitterly cold Baltic winter, they murder and cannibalize Mischa in front of her brother, who escapes and is found by Soviet soldiers. Eight years later, Lecter once again lives in Lecter Castle, which has been turned into a Soviet-run orphanage. He has been rendered mute by his childhood trauma. Lecter escapes the castle orphanage, gets through border controls, and goes to live in Paris with his aunt, the Lady Murasaki. She gets him to speak and begins teaching him the arts of flower arrangement, martial arts, and ancestor worship. At a local market, a butcher and former Vichy collaborator, makes anti-Japanese racist remarks about Lady Murasaki. The butcher later goes fishing and is defiant when Lecter turns up to request an apology. Lecter slices the butcher's stomach, arm, and back with a katana samurai sword, and then decapitates him.  That same evening, he is questioned about the butcher's murder by Inspector Popil, a French detective who also lost his family during the war. While her protege is being interrogated, Lady Murasaki places the butcher's head outside the headquarters with a Swastika carved into his forehead. Lecter soon becomes the youngest person ever admitted to medical school in France. He receives a working scholarship, where he is given a job preparing cadavers. One day, Lecter witnesses a condemned war criminal receiving a sodium thiopental injection to force him to recall details about his crimes. In an attempt to recall the names of those responsible for his sister's death, Lecter injects himself with the solution while listening to Glenn Gould's recording of the Goldberg Variations. His subsequent flashback reveals that Pot Watcher had the dog tags of the other men who killed Mischa, and was then killed as the advancing Soviet forces bombed a part of the lodge. Lecter reasons that the dog tags should still be in the ruins of the lodge. Lecter returns to Lithuania in search of the dog tags, as well as his sister's remains. While crossing the Soviet border, he draws the attention of Dortlich, who is now a Soviet border patrol officer. Lecter excavates the ruins of the lodge and unearths the dog tags of the deserters who murdered his sister. Dortlich tries to kill him, but Lecter gets the upper hand and incapacitates him. After he buries Mischa's remains, Lecter tortures Dortlich into revealing the whereabouts of his accomplices. He then decapitates Dortlich with a horse-drawn pulley. At a restaurant in Fontainebleau, Lecter finds Kolnas's young daughter, whom he notices is wearing Mischa's bracelet. He then gives her Kolnas's dog tag. Kolnas enters the restaurant, but Lady Murasaki persuades Lecter not to kill him, for the sake of Kolnas's children. Dortlich's murder, along with Kolnas' dog tag, puts the rest of the group on alert. Grutas, now a sex trafficker, dispatches a second member of the group, Zigmas Milko, to kill Lecter. Milko sneaks into Lecter's laboratory at night with a gun, but Lecter senses his presence and knocks him out with an injection. Just as detective Popil is entering the lab, Lecter locks Milko in the cadaver tank and leaves him to drown in the embalming fluid. Popil questions Lecter about Dortlich's murder, but is again unable to establish Lecter's guilt. Popil then tries to dissuade him from hunting the gang and offers to let him go free if he helps locate Grutas. After Lecter leaves, Popil remarks to his assistant that Lecter lost all of his humanity when Mischa died. Lady Murasaki begs him to stop, but Lecter says that he made a promise to Mischa. He plants a time bomb in Grutas' home and attacks him in the bath. A maid alerts Grutas' bodyguards, but just as they are about to kill him, Lecter's bomb goes off and he escapes. Grutas kidnaps Lady Murasaki to use her as bait. Lecter recognizes the sounds of Kolnas' ortolans from his restaurant in the background. Lecter goes there and threatens Kolnas' children, forcing him to give up the location of Grutas' boat. Lecter then says he will leave Kolnas alone for the sake of his family. Kolnas goes for the gun anyway, so Lecter impales him through the head with his tantō. Lecter goes to the houseboat. Just as he is about to untie Lady Murasaki, Grutas shoots him in the back. Grutas then proceeds to molest Lady Murasaki. Lecter takes out the tantō, which was broken by the force of the bullet, and slashes Grutas' Achilles tendons with it, crippling him. Grutas claims that Lecter too had consumed his sister in broth fed to him by the deserters, and he was killing them to keep this fact secret. An enraged Lecter carves his sister's initial, M, into Grutas's chest. Lady Murasaki flees in horror. Lecter proceeds by biting off Grutas' cheeks. The houseboat is then incinerated, but Lecter, assumed to be dead, emerges from the nearby woods on the shore. Lecter hunts down the last member of the group, Grentz, in Canada. After killing him, Lecter moves to the United States to begin a new life, having been accepted to Johns Hopkins Medical School in Baltimore."] [' Having survived the hatred and bigotry that was his Klansman grandfather Sam Cayhall\'s  only legacy, young attorney Adam Hall  seeks to appeal the old man\'s death sentence for the murder of two Jewish children 30 years before. Only 28 days before Cayhall is to be executed, Adam meets his grandfather for the first time in the Mississippi State Penitentiary which has held him since his conviction in 1980. The meeting is predictably tense when the educated, young Mr. "Hall" confronts his venom-spewing elder, Mr. "Cayhall" about the murders. The next day, headlines run proclaiming Adam the grandson who has come to the state to save his grandfather, the infamous Ku Klux Klan bomber. While the old man\'s life lies in the balance, Adam\'s motivation in fighting this battle becomes clear as the story unfolds. He fights not only for his grandfather but also perhaps for himself. He has come to heal the wounds of his own father\'s suicide, to mitigate the secret shame he has always felt for having this man as a grandfather and to bring closure, one way or another, to the suffering the old man seems to have brought to everyone he has ever known.'] ['{{Expand section}} A young jockey investigates on strange deadly accidents that involve his race horse.'] ['The title character is Victor Church, a World War I veteran who becomes despondent when his advancing age prevents him from playing an active role in the battles of World War II. Feeling unwanted and useless, he retreats to his country estate and plans his suicide. He finds a new purpose in life when he opens his home to six rambunctious Cockney children evacuated from the London slums and tries to keep the mischievous group under control.'] ["In 1882, the small western town of Appaloosa, New Mexico, is being terrorized by local rancher Randall Bragg , who killed Marshal Jack Bell  and two of his deputies in cold blood when they came to his ranch to arrest two of Bragg's ranch hands. The town decides to hire lawman and town-tamer Virgil Cole  and his deputy, Everett Hitch , to protect and regain control of the town. The council members agree to give complete control to Cole and Hitch. They begin taking control by confronting four of Bragg's men who are causing a disturbance in the saloon. Three men refuse to allow themselves to be arrested and Cole kills two of them while Hitch kills the third with his weapon of choice: an eight-gauge shotgun. The survivor surrenders his weapon to Hitch and leaves the saloon. Bragg has a meeting with Cole and Hitch and neither side will cede an inch to the other. Cole meets a new arrival to the town, recently widowed Allie French , and starts a relationship with her. When one of Bragg's men tells Cole and Hitch he will testify that his boss killed the marshall, Bragg is tried and found guilty . En route via train to his execution, Bragg is rescued by gunfighter brothers Ring and Mackie Shelton (Lance Henriksen and [[Adam Nelson , old acquaintances of Cole, who have captured Allie and bring her along as a bargaining chip. Cole and Hitch catch up with the outlaws and discover that Allie is not a hostage when they see her and Ring Shelton frolicking naked together in a stream. After a brief fight with Indians, they turn Bragg in to the sheriff of Beauville, the nearest town. Unbeknownst to Cole, Sheriff Russell  is a cousin of the Shelton brothers. Knowing that Cole is determined to bring Bragg back to hang, Ring and Mackie  free Bragg and challenge Cole and Hitch to a gunfight. Both lawmen are wounded but manage to kill Ring, Mackie, and Russell. Cole and Hitch are unable to prevent Bragg from escaping on horseback, and they return to Appaloosa with Allie. Some time later, Bragg is granted a full pardon by President Chester A. Arthur  and returns to Appaloosa in an attempt to publicly reform himself. He buys the hotel and ingratiates himself with the locals. Cole and Hitch suspect Bragg is using his claims of a silver strike to cover up illegal activity; specifically, a robbery of a gold shipment in Mexico. Hitch also discovers that Bragg is in a secret relationship with Allie. Unable to deal with Bragg legally, and wanting Allie to be with Cole, he quits as deputy and successfully challenges Bragg to a duel in front of Cole. He kills Bragg, and then leaves town; his parting words express his hope that Cole can find happiness with the fickle Allie."] ['In 1979,<ref name Cowie | first  The Godfather Book | publisher  1997 | page  978-0-571-19011-9}}<ref name Lebo | first  The Godfather Legacy | publisher  2005 | page  978-0-7432-8777-7 }} Michael Corleone  is nearing 60 and wracked with guilt for his ruthless rise to power, especially ordering the murder of his brother Fredo. By now, he has mostly retired from the Mafia, leaving the Corleone family\'s criminal interests in the hands of enforcer Joey Zasa , and is using his tremendous wealth and power to restore his reputation via numerous acts of charity. Michael and Kay  have been divorced since 1960, and Michael gave her custody of their children, Anthony  and Mary . At a ceremony in St. Patrick\'s Old Cathedral, Michael is named a Commander of the Order of St. Sebastian. At a party following the ceremony, Anthony tells his father that he is going to drop out of law school to pursue a career as an opera singer. Kay supports his choice, but Michael disagrees, wishing that his son would either finish law school or join the family business, but Anthony refuses to have anything to do with his father\'s "legacy". Michael and Kay have an uneasy reunion, in which Kay tells him that Anthony knows the truth about Fredo\'s death. Meanwhile, Vincent Mancini , the illegitimate son of Michael\'s late brother Sonny, shows up at the party. He is embroiled in a feud with Zasa, who has involved the Corleone family in major drug trafficking and turned Little Italy into a slum. Michael\'s sister Connie  arranges a "sit-down" between Vincent and Zasa in Michael\'s study. The discussion erupts into a fight, in which Vincent bites Zasa in the ear. That night Vincent has a one-night stand with a journalist named Grace Hamilton . Two men armed with knives and a gun break in and try to kill him. Vincent kills them both, but not before learning that Zasa sent them. Michael is troubled by Vincent\'s fiery temper, but is nonetheless impressed by his loyalty, and agrees to take his nephew under his wing. Meanwhile, Michael busies himself with the biggest deal of his career: He has recently bought up enough stock in International Immobiliare, an international real estate holding company known as "the world\'s biggest landlord", to become its largest single shareholder, with six seats on the company\'s 13-member board of directors. He now makes a tender offer to buy the Vatican\'s 25% interest in the company, which will give him controlling interest. Knowing that Archbishop Gilday , who serves as head of the Vatican Bank, has run up a massive deficit, he negotiates a deal to pay $600 million to the Bank in exchange for the shares. The deal is quickly approved by Immobiliare\'s board. However, it must be ratified in Rome by Pope Paul VI, who is gravely ill. Without his word, the deal is in limbo. Don Altobello , an elderly New York Mafia boss and old friend of the Corleones , soon visits Michael, telling him that his old partners on the Commission want in on the Immobiliare deal. Michael, however, is adamant that the deal shall be untainted by Mafia involvement. A meeting is arranged, and Michael appeases most of the Mafia bosses with payoffs from the sale of his Las Vegas holdings. Zasa, however, gets nothing and declares that Michael is his enemy and storms out. Altobello tells Michael that he will try to reason with Zasa and follows close behind. Minutes later, a helicopter hovers outside the conference room and sprays it with submachine gun fire. Most of the other mob bosses are killed, but Michael, Vincent, and Michael\'s bodyguard, Al Neri ([[Richard Bright , escape. Back at his penthouse in New York, Vincent tells Michael that those mob bosses who escaped the massacre made deals with Zasa. Michael knows that Zasa was not the mastermind of the massacre due to Zasa\'s being "muscle" and not having the cunning to organize such a scheme. Vincent wants to kill Zasa, but Michael refuses. As he considers how to respond to the situation, he suffers a diabetic stroke and is hospitalized, but not before realizing Altobello is the traitor. As Michael recuperates, Vincent begins a romantic relationship with Mary and plots revenge against Zasa. Neri and Connie give Vincent permission to act. During a street festival hosted by Zasa\'s Italian American civil rights group, Vincent\'s men gun down Zasa\'s bodyguards. Vincent, disguised as a policeman on horseback, shoots Zasa dead. When Michael discovers this, he berates Vincent for his rashness. Michael also insists that Vincent end his relationship with Mary, because Vincent\'s involvement in the family\'s criminal enterprises puts her life in jeopardy. The family takes a vacation to Sicily in preparation for Anthony\'s operatic debut in Palermo. They stay at the villa of Corleone family friend Don Tommasino . Michael tells Vincent to speak with Altobello and tell him that he is planning to leave the Corleone family. Altobello supports the idea of Vincent\'s switching his allegiance, and introduces him to Don Licio Lucchesi , a powerful Italian political figure and Immobiliare\'s chairman. Michael realizes that the Immobiliare deal is an elaborate conspiracy among Lucchesi, Archbishop Gilday, and Vatican accountant Frederick Keinszig  to swindle him out of his money, and visits Cardinal Lamberto , the man favored to become the next Pope, to speak about the deal. Lamberto convinces Michael to make his first confession in 30 years, in which he tearfully admits to ordering Fredo\'s murder. Lamberto tells Michael that he deserves to suffer for his sins, but that his life could still be redeemed. Shortly after the meeting between Vincent and Lucchesi, Altobello travels to the small village of Montelepre, where he hires Mosca , a veteran hitman, to assassinate Michael. A few days later, Mosca and his son Lupe, disguised as priests, attempt to kidnap Don Tommasino and force him to allow them entry to his villa. Tommasino refuses, and Mosca kills him. While touring Sicily with Kay, who has arrived for Anthony’s operatic debut, Michael asks for her forgiveness. As they both admit that they still love each other, Michael receives word that Tommasino is dead. At Tommassino\'s funeral, Michael swears over his old friend\'s coffin to sin no more. After the death of Pope Paul VI, Cardinal Lamberto is elected Pope John Paul I, which means that the Immobiliare deal will likely be ratified. The new Pope\'s intentions come as a death knell to the plot against the ratification of the Immobiliare deal, prompting frantic attempts by the plotters to cover their own tracks. Vincent tells Michael that he has learned from Altobello of Mosca\'s plot on his life. Michael sees that his nephew is a changed man, and makes him the new Don of the Corleone family. In exchange, Vincent agrees to put an end to his relationship with Mary. The family travels to Palermo to see Anthony perform the lead in Pietro Mascagni\'s Cavalleria rusticana, a tale of murderous revenge in a Sicilian setting. Meanwhile, Vincent exacts his own revenge: * Keinszig is abducted by Vincent\'s men, who smother him with a pillow and hang him from a bridge to make his death look like a suicide. * Don Altobello, also attending the opera, eats poisoned cannoli that his goddaughter Connie gives him. He dies as Connie watches sadly from her box. * Al Neri travels to the Vatican, where he shoots Archbishop Gilday. * Finally, Calò  meets with Don Lucchesi at his office, claiming to bear a message from Michael. As he pretends to whisper the message to Lucchesi, Calò stabs him in the throat with his own glasses. The killings are too late to save the Pope, however. Just hours after he approves the Immobiliare deal, the Pope drinks poisoned tea provided to him by Archbishop Gilday and soon dies in his bed. Mosca, still disguised as a priest and armed with a sniper rifle, descends upon the opera house during Anthony\'s performance, killing three of Vincent\'s men and preparing to shoot his target from a box, but the opera ends before he has the chance to pull the trigger. The assassin retreats to the opera house façade\'s staircase and tries to shoot Michael there. At the same moment, Mary confronts her father about the forced break-up with Vincent. Mosca fires twice, wounding Michael and accidentally killing Mary. Vincent then shoots him dead. As Kay and Connie weep, Michael cradles Mary\'s body in his arms and screams in agony. The scene dissolves to a short montage of Michael\'s memories of all the women he has lost, composed of scenes with Mary, Kay, and his first wife, Apollonia. The film ends with Michael, an old man, sitting in the garden of Don Tommasino\'s Sicilian villa. He slumps over in his chair, falls sideways to the ground, and dies alone, apart from his dog.'] ['While walking in his cornfield, novice farmer Ray Kinsella hears a voice that whispers, "If you build it, he will come", and sees a baseball diamond. His wife, Annie, is skeptical, but she allows him to plow under his corn to build the field. Nothing happens, and Ray soon faces financial ruin. Ray and Annie discuss replanting the corn, but their daughter, Karin, sees a man on the ballfield. Ray discovers that he is Shoeless Joe Jackson, a dead baseball player idolized by Ray\'s father. Thrilled to be able to play baseball again, Joe asks to bring others to play on the field. He later returns from the cornfield with the seven other players banned in the 1919 Black Sox scandal. Ray\'s brother-in-law, Mark, cannot see the baseball players, and warns Ray that he will go bankrupt unless he replants his crops. While in the field, Ray hears the voice again, this time urging him to "ease his pain." After attending a PTA meeting involving a resolution to ban books by author and activist-turned recluse Terrence Mann, Ray decides the voice is referring to Mann. Ray finds a magazine interview about Mann\'s childhood dream of playing for the Brooklyn Dodgers and his heartbreak when the team moved to Los Angeles, and convinces Annie that he should seek out the author after they both dream about Ray and Terrence attending a baseball game. Mann denies making the statement in the magazine, but Ray persuades him to attend a baseball game at Fenway Park. Ray hears the voice again, which urges him to "go the distance." The scoreboard shows statistics for a player named Archibald "Moonlight" Graham, who played one game for the New York Giants in 1922, but never had a turn at bat. Mann eventually admits to sharing the vision, and they travel to Chisholm, Minnesota where they learn that Graham became a doctor, but died 16 years earlier. During a late night walk, Ray realizes that he is in 1972, the year of Graham\'s death; he finds Graham who confesses to him that although he regrets never getting to bat, he would have regretted not being a doctor even more. He declines Ray\'s invitation to fulfill his dream.  While driving back to Iowa, Ray picks up a hitchhiker who introduces himself as Archie Graham. While Archie sleeps, Ray reveals that at age 14 he refused to play catch with his father after reading one of Terrence\'s books. Terrence replies that he is tired of being blamed for stories like Ray\'s. At the farm, enough players have arrived to field two teams, and Archie finally gets to bat. The next morning Mark implores Ray to sell the farm. Karin says that they won\'t need to because people will pay to watch the ball games. Terrence agrees that "people will come" to relive their childhood innocence, and Ray refuses to sell. Frustrated, Mark scuffles with Ray, accidentally knocking Karin off the top of the bleachers. Archie runs to help and, stepping off the field, becomes the old "Doc" Graham. After he saves Karin from choking, Ray realizes that Graham cannot return to the field as a young man. After reassuring Ray that his true calling was medicine, the players shake his hand and he leaves. Suddenly able to see the players, Mark urges Ray not to sell the farm. After the game, Joe invites Terrence to enter the cornfield. Terrence accepts the offer and disappears into the cornfield, but Ray is angry at not being invited. Shoeless Joe rebukes his desire for a reward, then reminds him why he sacrificed so much, saying "If you build it, he will come", and glances toward home plate. The catcher removes his mask and Ray recognizes his father as a young man. Ray introduces his father to Annie and Karin. As his father heads toward the cornfield, Ray asks his "Dad" to play catch. As they begin to play, hundreds of cars can be seen approaching the field, fulfilling Karin and Terrence\'s prophecy that people will come to watch baseball.'] ['In 1996, Jamie Randall  is fired from a Midwest town\'s electronics store for having sex with his manager\'s girlfriend. His wealthy brother Josh  announces at the dinner table at their parents\'  house that he has found Jamie a job as a pharmaceutical sales representative. After attending a Pfizer training program where he has sex with the instructor , Jamie goes to work for the company and tries to get doctors to prescribe Zoloft and Zithromax. He is rebuffed, much to the dismay of his regional manager, Bruce , who sees Jamie as his ticket to the "big leagues" of Chicago. Bruce says if Jamie can get Dr. Knight  to prescribe Zoloft instead of Prozac, other doctors will follow his lead. Jamie tries to get access to Dr. Knight by hitting on his female employees until, exasperated, Dr. Knight unethically permits him to observe a disrobing patient, Maggie Murdock , who suffers from early onset Parkinson\'s disease. Jamie angles a date with Maggie, who has sex with him. Jamie is later beaten up by top-selling Prozac rep Trey , one of Maggie\'s ex-lovers, who warns him to stay away from her and the doctors. That night, Jamie is unable to get an erection. Maggie teasingly says he should use the new erectile dysfunction drug that his company has developed. Bruce confirms that such a drug, to be called Viagra, is about to be marketed. Jamie soon starts selling Viagra, an instant success. Jamie wants a committed relationship, but Maggie refuses. Jamie confronts her while she helps senior citizens onto a bus bound for Canada to get cheap prescription drugs, and they get into an argument. Two days later, after he waits the night before at the bus stop in his car, he greets her back. Maggie is touched that he waited, and they resume their relationship. Jamie spends nights at Maggie\'s apartment. One night, he tells Maggie that he loves her &mdash; the first time he has ever said that to anyone &mdash; and has a panic attack. Maggie calms him by saying she "said \'I love you\' to a cat once". Jamie catches his brother masturbating to a sex tape that he and Maggie had filmed. Jamie asks her to go to a Chicago medical conference with him. She ends up at a Parkinson\'s discussion group across the street, and is moved by the people and their stories. Jamie meets a man whose wife is in the final stages of the disease, and asks for advice about Maggie. The man tells him to run. After the convention, Maggie tells him how much she loves him. Jamie starts researching Parkinson\'s, and takes Maggie to different specialists around the country to have tests done. Jamie becomes angry and upset when he arrives at an appointment, to find out it has been rescheduled after they had flown in to see the doctor. Maggie sees that Jamie can only love her if there\'s a hope that one day there will be a cure, and decides to break up with him. Some time later, Jamie goes to a restaurant and runs into Maggie, who is on a date. Bruce shows up and reveals Jamie has been promoted to the Chicago office. While packing to move to Chicago, Jamie finds the videotape recorder where he taped himself and Maggie talking about life. Jamie realizes he wants to be with Maggie, but her boss tells him she has left for Canada to obtain drugs. Jamie flags down her bus and tells her that she makes him a better person, and that he loves and needs her. She starts to cry and says she will need him more. Jamie decides not to take the job in Chicago, but instead he attends medical school and stays with Maggie.'] ["Robert Forrester is going through a painful divorce from his wife Nickie. He begins spying on Jenny Thierolf, a girl living in the countryside, because to him she represents a state of harmony, a stark contrast to his own personal life. Jenny catches him one night, but instead of being upset, she invites him in and they talk. Jenny ends her relationship with her fiancé Greg, believing her chance meeting with Robert was an act of fate. Jenny's friends, who are still sympathetic towards Greg, disapprove of her choice. Jenny starts stalking Robert: She waits for him outside of his office, calls him late at night, and tries to sleep over at his house. He resists her advances, and tells Jenny that he has received a promotion at work and will be moving away to Philadelphia, making any relationship between them impossible. Jenny offers to come with him to Philadelphia, but he declines. Later, when Robert is driving home on a lonely country road, Greg stops his car and attacks him. Though hurt by the younger and stronger Greg, Robert manages to knock Greg unconscious and into a river. He drags Greg out of the river and leaves him on the bank. Shortly thereafter, the police question Robert because Greg is missing. He admits that they fought and that he left the unconscious Greg near the river. The police speculate that Greg might be dead , either by accident or because Robert killed him. When Robert's employer learns he is a police suspect, he loses the promotion in Philadelphia and is suspended. Also, a colleague and former friend dissociates himself from Robert. He is attacked by Greg's father, who thinks Robert murdered his son. Drifting and aimless, Robert continues his uneasy relationship with Jenny, who has become convinced that he may have a bad omen over him . Jenny goes to visit Robert's ex-wife Nickie, who says she left him because he seemed like bad luck. A corpse is found in the river, and although it is in such a bad state that it is almost unidentifiable, the police believe it to be Greg's. Jenny then commits suicide, leaving a note that she and Robert had met after he stalked Jenny. Now totally alone, Robert is befriended by the widower who lives next door to him. One night, Greg appears outside of the widower's house and fires a gun, seriously wounding the widower but only clipping Robert. The police place Robert in protective custody, who is again threatened by Greg. Soon after, Robert is informed that Greg has been picked up by the police, and that it was Nickie who paid Greg to pretend to be dead to get him in trouble. When Robert drives to Jenny's house, he is met by Nickie and Greg. Nickie tries to persuade Robert to tell the police that she had nothing to do with setting him up, and warns him of an enraged and drunken Greg. Making matters worse, Greg's father calls to tell him that the widower he shot has died from his wounds, making Greg a murderer. Greg attacks Robert with a knife; in the subsequent fight, Greg is knocked unconscious, but Nickie is fatally injured. Robert is again left as a suspect in an apparent crime scene. The final shot shows Robert looking out Jenny's window, reminiscent of his view on the house in the opening shots."] ["Bill Grant is a successful television producer working on the soap opera A Life Worth Living. He is a recently divorced man who does not see his sons very often. Unbeknownst to him, he constantly crosses paths with Adrian Towers, a career woman working as a writer for the news. She is married to Steven, a man who had an abusive childhood and therefore has no desire of having children. When she announces that she is pregnant, he forces her to have an abortion. She reluctantly agrees with him, but is unable to go forward with the termination. When Steven finds out, he leaves her, and threatens to file for divorce if she decides to keep the baby. Adrian has trouble accepting that Steven leaves her and refuses to talk about it to anyone. She soon becomes acquainted with Bill. Although she likes him a lot, she is still very upset over the divorce, which will be finalized only two weeks before she goes into delivery. She accompanies Bill on a camping trip with his two sons and soon notices how much she likes kids. Although she fails to tell him about her pregnancy, they get to know each other even more. He tells her that he once was afraid to become a father, but that it changed when he first held his sons. After admitting to her that he probably never could marry again, he tries to kiss her, but she rejects him, claiming it is too soon for her. The next morning, Tommy, one of Bill's sons, is almost hit by a car. Adrian tries to save him and pushes him away, only to be hit herself. She is injured and hospitalized, and risks to suffer a miscarriage. Bill soon learns about her pregnancy and she immediately informs him about everything concerning what has happened. He is scared by this news, but continues to support her. However, he admits that he is afraid he will fall in love with her and that she will return to Steven. Later, her lawyer informs her that Steven has no desire of ever seeing his baby and wants her to sign a contract, in which he promises to support her financially, on condition that he won't be responsible for the baby. Adrian refuses to sign it, claiming that he has to see his baby before making that decision. Crushed, she finds comfort with Bill and they end up becoming a romantic couple. A few months pass by. Adrian notices Steven in a restaurant and decides to confront him, but he refuses to speak to her. Bill advices her to accept that there is no future with Steven. The next day, she is hospitalized for having contractions too early. A short time later, she decides to give in to the divorce and is proposed to by Bill. She accepts his proposal, but makes it clear that she is still not over her marriage with Steven. On Christmas Eve, Adrian gives birth to a boy, who she names Sam. Steven agrees to see him and admits that he wants to renew their relationship for their child's sake. Adrian, however, rejects him. Bill, having seen Steven with her, keeps his distance. They are reunited and married in the end, when Adrian assures him that he is the only one for her."] ["The film begins in a theater, where a pianist  begins to play a piano accompaniment to the actual film being shown in the theater. Holmes  has just restored a stolen artifact to three French nuns, and is later called on a case by Dr. Mortimer  concerning Sir Henry Baskerville  and a legendary hound that curses the Baskerville estate. Tired and worn out by so many cases, Holmes passes the case onto Dr. Watson , who is portrayed as a Welsh eccentric. Upon arriving at the station, Sir Henry, Dr. Mortimer, Watson and Perkins  are halted by a policeman , who warns them of a murderer stalking the moors, before sending the group on their way. The Barrymores at Baskerville Hall mistreat Sir Henry and Watson, feeding them only cheese and water and then throwing them into a small bedroom, ankle-deep in water. Watson then goes to the village to send a message to Holmes , and meets Mr. Stapleton of Merripit Hall. Stapleton is carrying a chihuahua that proceeds to urinate in Watson's pocket and face. Arriving at Merripit Hall, Watson meets the eccentric Mrs. Stapleton, who displays surreal symptoms suggesting demonic possession. Late at night, Sir Henry and Watson discover the Seldons and the escaped murderer, whom Watson recognizes as Mrs. Barrymore's brother Ethel Seldon , having a family dinner. Oddly enough, neither of the men seems to panic at this. Afterward, Holmes arrives and examines the case so far. An invitation arrives for Sir Henry, asking him to dinner at Merripit Hall. Suspecting a trap, Watson goes along with Sir Henry while Holmes observes carefully. Mrs. Stapleton resumes her bizarre acts and begins to vomit pale-blue liquid over Sir Henry, whilst Mr. Stapleton's chihuahua urinates in Watson's soup. Ordered to leave in disgrace, the Stapletons, Dr. Mortimer, Mr. Frankland , and his wife Mary  follow Sir Henry and Watson to kill them, but become trapped in a quagmire. Holmes then proceeds to reveal that the Hound is no more than a large, rather friendly Irish wolfhound owned by the late Sir Charles Baskerville, whose excited barking was misinterpreted as a monstrous beast. He also states that the dog is the sole heir of Sir Charles. With the dog gone, the would-be murderers would have gained the Baskerville fortune and the estate. The film ends on the pianist, who is then hit by vegetables from the audience."] ['The story begins with several odd occurrences at the farm where the Black, Alec , and his mother  live. A suspicious barn fire is followed by the theft of the horse. From the point of view of Ishak , the sheik who took him, this is property retrieval; the horse was originally his, and the Black\'s name is Shetan. Although he learns that the horse is being returned to the sheik\'s kingdom in the Moroccan desert, Alec goes after the sheik, stowing away in a plane to Casablanca. In Morocco, after being found on the plane, Alec is taken to the American embassy, where the police plan on sending him home. At the stables, he makes some friends who disguise him as a local Casablancan. They take him to a man named Kurr , who is very interested in the horse and the sheik, and allows Alec to go with him and his companion. But after getting a flat tire, they abandon Alec in the desert. He is found by the driver of another truck and given a ride. Aboard the truck, he meets Raj , who tells him the Black will probably compete in "The Great Race." The two become friends and travel across the desert on foot with Meslar , Raj\'s friend and mentor. Then a rogue tribe kidnaps Meslar, and Raj and Alec defend themselves against the harsh elements. After running out of water, they collapse from dehydration but recover when they find a river. Raj\'s tribe discovers them, welcoming Raj home and Alec to the tribe. Raj takes Alec to the outskirts of Ishak\'s home, and he reunites with the Black. While attempting to retrieve the horse, Alec is apprehended by Ishak\'s men. He pleads his case to Ishak, who is sympathetic but will not give up the horse. He plans to race the Black in the "Great Race" with his granddaughter Tabari  as jockey. Alec insists the Black can win the race only if he, not Tabari, rides him. Denied the position, he coaches Tabari on riding the horse, but the Black throws her off. A rogue tribe led by Kurr then captures the Black and Alec and takes them away. Later, Alec escapes with the Black. As they flee, Alec discovers that Meslar is alive and being held prisoner. He gives Meslar his pocket knife to help him get free of his bonds. Alec and the Black escape and go back to Ishak\'s home. As a reward for the safe return of the horse, Alec is allowed to ride him in the race. On the day of the race, Alec reunites with Raj, who is also competing, and they begin their run across the desert along with the other riders. The rogue tribe\'s rider tries to kill Alec, but he and the Black escape. Alec discovers that the rogue rider pushed Raj off his horse, and he brings Raj\'s mount back to him. They race against the rogue rider until Meslar appears and spooks the rider\'s horse, unseating him. Suddenly, Kurr shows up in his truck and chases Raj and Alec, shooting at them. However, he takes a wrong turn and the truck crashes into a ditch. Alec wins the race, then pleads with Ishak to allow Raj to keep the horse that he rode, despite the condition that the winning rider\'s sheik is allowed to keep any horses that he wants. Ishak grants the reprieve, which allows Alec to repay Raj for his kindness. Meslar returns with Kurr, his riding companion, and the rogue rider as his prisoners, and they are taken to face judgement. Although Ishak gives the Black back to Alec, he decides to leave him in Morocco, where he feels he is more at home.'] ['The film deals with the relationships among four men in a Japanese prisoner of war camp during the Second World War &mdash; Major Jack Celliers , a rebellious prisoner with a guilty secret from his youth; Captain Yonoi , the young camp commandant; Lieutenant Colonel John Lawrence , a British officer who has lived in Japan and speaks Japanese fluently; and Sergeant Hara  who is seemingly brutal and yet humane in some ways and with whom Lawrence develops a peculiar friendship. Like Celliers, Yonoi, too, is tormented by guilt. Having been posted to Manchuria previously, he was unable to be in Tokyo with his Army comrades, the "Shining Young Officers" of Japan\'s February 26 Incident, a 1936 military coup d\'état. When the coup fails, the young army officers are executed. Yonoi regrets not being able to share their patriotic sacrifice. Jack Celliers had betrayed his younger brother while the two of them were attending boarding school. Although Celliers confesses this only to Lawrence, Captain Yonoi senses in Celliers a kindred spirit. He wants to replace the British camp commandant Group Captain Hicksley with Celliers as spokesman for the prisoners. The taboo of homosexuality, especially harsh in an otherwise ultranationalist and traditional environment, is suggested throughout the film. A Korean soldier is condemned to commit seppuku after being caught in an "improper" relationship with one of the Dutch prisoners. As the execution is carried out, the Dutch prisoner, who is forced to watch it along with the rest of the prisoners and the Japanese officials as well, bites his tongue and then dies of suffocation himself. Captain Yonoi is enraged when he sees the prisoners behaving in what he sees as a cowardly way for not wanting to witness the death. As Celliers is interned in the camp, Yonoi seems to develop a homoerotic fixation with him, often asking Hara about him, silently visiting him in the small hours when Celliers is confined. However, later on, Yonoi becomes enraged by Celliers\' behaviour and has him and Lawrence thrown into the punishment cells under the charge of possessing a wireless. Celliers, who is known by the nickname of "Strafer" Jack , instigates a small number of rebellious actions, one of which is supplying the men with food after their rations have been suspended for two days for their actions during the seppuku, which Yonoi deems as "spiritually lazy." Yonoi\'s batman suspects the mental hold that Celliers has on Yonoi so he tries to kill Celliers but fails in the attempt. Celliers manages to escape his cell and rescues Lawrence, only to be thwarted by Yonoi unexpectedly. Yonoi challenges Celliers to single combat saying "If you defeat me, you will be free" but Celliers refuses. Yonoi\'s batman then commits seppuku in atonement after urging Yonoi to kill Celliers before Celliers can destroy Yonoi. It is Christmas Eve and Sgt Hara is drinking heavily and orders both Celliers and Lawrence to be brought to him. Hara then advises them that he is playing "Santa Claus" and is ordering their release because a prisoner confesses having the radio. He then calls out in English for the first time "Merry Christmas Lawrence." Sgt Hara is later reprimanded by Yonoi for exceeding his authority. The whole camp is paraded on Yonoi\'s order. All prisoners are prompted to form lines outside the barracks, including sick and moribund ones. The climax of the film is reached when Yonoi is ready to kill the POW\'s commander for not having all the men present for parade. Celliers breaks the rank and walks decidedly in Yonoi\'s direction, between him and the man about to be executed and ends up resolutely kissing him in the cheek with a straight face. This is an unbearable offence to Yonoi\'s bushido honor code; he reaches out for his katana against Celliers, only to collapse under the conflicting feelings of vindicating himself from the offence suffered in front of his troops and his own feelings for Celliers. Celliers is then attacked and beaten up by the Japanese soldiers. Captain Yonoi himself is then redeployed and his successor who declares that "he is not as sentimental as Captain Yonoi" immediately has Celliers buried in the ground up to his neck as a means of punishment and then left to die. Captain Yonoi goes to Celliers when there is no one around and cuts a lock of hair. He then pays his respects and leaves. Four years later, Lawrence visits Sergeant Hara, who has now been imprisoned by the Allied forces. Hara has learned to speak English whilst in captivity. He also reveals that he is going to be executed the next day for war crimes. Lawrence tells him that Yonoi had given him a lock of Celliers hair and told him to take it to his village in Japan and dedicate it in a shrine. Hara reminisces about Celliers and Yonoi. We find out that Yonoi himself was killed just before the war ended. Hara recalls that Christmas Eve and both are very much amused. The two bid each other farewell for the last time. Just before Lawrence leaves, Hara calls out again, "Merry Christmas! Merry Christmas, Mr Lawrence."'] [" Gandalf, Aragorn, Legolas, Gimli, Théoden, Gamling, and Éomer meet up with Merry, Pippin and Treebeard at Isengard. The group returns to Edoras, where Pippin looks into Saruman's recovered palantír, in which Sauron appears and invades his mind; Pippin tells him nothing regarding Frodo and the Ring. From this event, Gandalf deduces that Sauron is planning to attack Minas Tirith. Gandalf rides with Pippin to find Denethor, the Steward of Gondor, to whom Pippin swears his service. Gandalf urges Denethor to call Rohan for aid, but Denethor declines, fearing Aragorn and Gandalf plan to depose him. The Morgul army, led by the Nazgûl, drives the Gondorians out of Osgiliath. Denethor sends his son Faramir on a suicide mission to reclaim the city. Pippin lights a beacon, signaling Théoden and Aragorn to assemble the Rohirrim for battle. Elrond informs Aragorn that Arwen did not go to the Undying Lands, and is now dying. Believing their forces to be outnumbered by Sauron's, Elrond gives Aragorn the sword Andúril to acquire the service of the Army of the Dead, who owe allegiance to the heir of Isildur. Éowyn confesses her love for Aragorn and asks him not to go, but Aragorn reaffirms his love for Arwen and heads into battle. Accompanied by Legolas and Gimli, Aragorn ventures into the Paths of the Dead and gains the loyalty of the King of the Dead and his men by brandishing Andúril, proving himself the Heir of Isildur. At Dunharrow, Théoden rides off to war, unaware that Éowyn and Merry have secretly joined his forces. Sauron's armies lay siege to Minas Tirith, led by the Witch-king. Believing a grievously wounded Faramir to be dead, Denethor tries to burn his son and himself alive, but Gandalf intervenes; he saves Faramir, but Denethor commits suicide. Just as the Gondorians are about to be overrun, the Rohirrim army arrives and counter-attacks in a massive cavalry charge led by Théoden. This shifts the tide of the battle, and the Orcs begin to retreat. However, the Haradrim arrive and join the Orc army, turning the tide. The Witch-king kills Théoden, only to be killed himself by Éowyn with help from Merry. On the verge of defeat, the Rohirrim are saved when Aragorn, Legolas, and Gimli arrive with the Army of the Dead and overwhelm Sauron's forces, ending the battle. Aragorn frees the Army of the Dead and their souls go to the afterlife. Meanwhile, Frodo, Sam and Gollum travel to Minas Morgul. Sam overhears Gollum's plans to murder them and take the Ring for himself. Gollum persuades Frodo that Sam wants the Ring for himself, and Frodo angrily tells Sam to go home. A heartbroken Sam leaves, but discovers Gollum's treachery and follows after them. Gollum betrays Frodo, leaving him in the lair of the giant spider Shelob, who paralyzes Frodo before being wounded and driven away by Sam. An Orc patrol captures Frodo and takes him to Sauron's fortress. Sam rescues Frodo from the tower, and they continue the journey to Mount Doom. Meanwhile, Aragorn leads his remaining men to the Black Gate of Mordor, distracting Sauron and his forces and allowing Sam and Frodo to enter Mount Doom. Sam carries the weakened Frodo up the volcano, but Gollum attacks them. At the Crack of Doom, Frodo succumbs to the Ring's power, refusing to destroy it. Gollum attacks Frodo and bites his finger off, seizing the Ring for himself. An enraged Frodo attacks Gollum, and they both fall over the edge. At the last second, Frodo grabs onto the ledge, leaving Gollum to fall into the lava, taking the Ring with him. As the Ring melts in the volcano, Sauron is destroyed and the land of Mordor collapses, taking down most of his forces. Frodo and Sam are saved from the rising lava by Eagles, led by Gandalf. In the aftermath, Aragorn is crowned King, heralding a new age of peace, and is reunited with Arwen and the four hobbits are bowed by all of Gondor for their courageous efforts. The four Hobbits return home to the Shire, where Sam marries his childhood sweetheart, Rosie Cotton. A few years later, Frodo leaves Middle-earth for the Undying Lands with Gandalf, Bilbo, Elrond, Celeborn, and Galadriel, leaving his account of their quest to Sam."] ['In the year 1899, Dr. Alexander Hartdegen  is a young inventor teaching at Columbia University in New York City. Unlike his conservative friend David Philby , Alexander would rather do pure research than work in the world of business. After his sweetheart Emma is killed by a mugger, he devotes himself to building a time machine in order to save her. When the machine is completed four years later, he travels back to 1899 and prevents her murder, only to see her killed by a horse and buggy. Alexander goes to 2030 to find out whether Emma\'s life can be saved. At the New York Public Library, a holographic librarian called Vox 114 insists that time travel is impossible, so Alexander continues into the future until 2037, when the accidental destruction of the moon by space colonists renders the Earth virtually uninhabitable. When he restarts the time machine to avoid falling debris, he is knocked unconscious and travels to the year 802,701 before waking up and stopping the machine. At this point in time, the human race has reverted to a primitive lifestyle. Some survivors, called "Eloi", live on the sides of cliffs of what was once Manhattan. Alexander is nursed back to health by a woman named Mara, one of the few Eloi who speak English. One night, Alexander and Mara\'s young brother, Kalen, dream of a frightening, jagged-toothed face, and the next day, the Eloi are attacked and Mara is dragged underground by ape-like monsters called "Morlocks" that hunt the Eloi for food. In order to rescue her, Kalen leads Alexander to Vox 114, which is still functioning. After learning from Vox how to find the Morlocks, Alexander enters their underground realm through an opening that resembles the face in his nightmare, but he is captured and thrown into an area where Mara sits in a cage. There he meets an intelligent, humanoid Über-Morlock, who explains that Morlocks are the evolutionary descendants of the humans who stayed underground after the Moon broke apart, while the Eloi are evolved from those who remained on the surface. Über-Morlocks are a caste of telepaths, who rule the monsters that prey on the Eloi. The Über-Morlock explains that Alexander cannot alter Emma\'s fate because her death is what drove him to build the time machine in the first place: saving her would create a temporal paradox. Alexander gets into the machine, which the Morlocks have brought underground, and prepares to return home, but he suddenly pulls the Über-Morlock into the machine, which carries them into the future as they fight. The Über-Morlock dies by rapidly aging when Alexander pushes him outside of the machine\'s sphere of influence. Alexander then stops in the year 635,427,810, revealing a harsh, rust-colored sky over a wasteland of Morlock caves. Finally accepting that he cannot save Emma, Alexander travels back to rescue Mara. After freeing her, he starts the time machine and jams its gears, creating a violent distortion in time. Alexander and Mara escape to the surface as a huge explosion kills the Morlocks and destroys their caves. Alexander begins a new life with Mara and the Eloi in 802,701. The film ends with two scenes in the same location displayed in parallel: while Alexander shows Mara and Kalen a field that was once his home, Philby and Alexander\'s housekeeper, Mrs. Watchit, sadly discuss his absence. Before leaving Alexander\'s lab, Mrs. Watchit says, "Godspeed, my fine lad. Godspeed."'] ["Two women trade houses without ever having met. They're both looking for an escape from their problems, but by running away, both come to discover a great deal about themselves. Ria Lynch is married to Danny Lynch and they have a daughter and a son. Danny begins spending less and less time at home with his wife and children. Ria believes another baby is the solution, and is shocked to find out that indeed her husband is going to be a father - but to a child from an affair he has been having. Her husband's unfaithfulness is the event that leads Ria into her decision to switch homes with a woman from the US called Marilyn who lost her teenage son to a motorcycle accident on his birthday. Marilyn is struggling to come to terms with her son's death and has become estranged from her husband. She hopes her time in Dublin will cease her grief. Ria and Marilyn discover deep, dark secrets about the other during the summer. The two become close friends but do not reveal the secrets. {{Expand section}}"] ['{{Expand section|date Differences from novel  *Only two Reed children appear. *Lowood School/Institution is instead Lowood Orphanage For Girls. *Juian Severn does not appear in this version. Instead Miss Temple cuts Jane\'s hair as soon as Jane arrives at Lowood. *Helen Burns does not appear. *Jane is dismissed as teacher from Lowood for interfering when Mr. Brocklehurst is disciplining a girl for making a caricature of him. Ms. Temple expresses her concerns but Jane comforts her saying she\'ll manage because of a small inheritance her uncle left her. *Jane meets Mr. Rochester, and scares his horse, for the first time before arriving at Thornfield Hall. *Adele\'s surname is Rochester, and Mrs. Fairfax says Mr. Rochester is her uncle. No reference to a past in France or the name Varens is given. *The death of Mrs. Reed is cut, so Jane does not return to Gateshead Hall. *Mr. Rochester and his guests at Thornfield Hall do not play charades and Mr. Rochester does not disguise himself as a Gypsy woman. *When Mr. Rochester returns from a trip to London, he gives Adele a puppy dog and Jane a book with the Sonnets of Shakespeare. Adele calls the dog Friday "because he\'s black, and that\'s the day uncle Edward came home." *Rochester says the marriage to Bertha Mason has been annulled. *When Jane leaves Thornfield Hall, Rochester takes off after her by horse. He does not find her and when he returns to Thornfield Hall the building is on fire. *Jane does not work as a teacher but serves soup to poor people in a mission. It is not revealed how she came to that position. *Jane\'s relationship to John Rivers is comprised to a single scene where he asks her if she has definitely decided to go to India with him. She has, but when he asks her to become his wife she wants to think it over. She composes a note "Tomorrow I marry John Rivers. Then — India, to work — and forget. Forgive me, Edward. I love you, and always will." *When serving soup she recognizes Sam Poole who reveals what happened at Thornfield after Jane left. *Mary and Diana do not appear and Jane\'s kinship to them and John Rivers is not revealed. *Rosamond Oliver does not appear. *Jane does not inherit a fortune.'] ['Just as they are about to take a group of underprivileged children on a riverboat ride and picnic, Deborah Bishop , Rita Phipps , and Lora Mae Hollingsway  receive a message from Addie Ross informing them that she has run off with one of their husbands. She, however, leaves them in suspense as to which one. All three marriages are shown in flashback to be strained. Deborah grew up on a farm. Her first experience with the outside world came when she joined the Navy WAVES during World War II, where she met her future husband Brad . When they return to civilian life, Deborah is ill at ease in Brad\'s upper class social circle. Adding to her insecurity, she learns that everyone expected Brad to marry Addie, whom all three husbands consider practically a goddess. However, she is comforted by Brad\'s friend Rita, a career woman who writes stories for sappy radio soap operas. Her husband George , a school-teacher, feels somewhat emasculated since she earns much more money. He is also disappointed that his wife constantly gives in to the demands of her boss, Mrs. Manleigh . Rita\'s flashback is to a dinner party she gave for her boss. She forgot that her husband\'s birthday was that night, and only remembered when a birthday present, a rare Brahms recording, arrived from Addie Ross. Lora Mae grew up poor, not just on the "wrong side of the tracks", but literally next to the railroad tracks.  She sets her sights on her older, divorced employer, Porter ([[Paul Douglas , the wealthy owner of a statewide chain of department stores. Her mother, Ruby Finney , is unsure what to think of her daughter\'s ambition, but Ruby\'s friend  Sadie  approves. Matters come to a head when she sees a picture of Addie Ross on the piano in his home. She tells him she wants her picture on a piano: her own piano in her own home. He tells her he isn\'t interested in marriage, and she breaks off their romance. However, he loves her too much, and finally gives in and proposes, skipping a New Year\'s party at Addie\'s house to do so. When the women return from the picnic, Rita is overjoyed to find her husband at home. They work out their issues; she promises to not let herself be pushed around by Mrs. Manleigh. Deborah\'s houseman gives her a message stating that Brad will not be coming home that night. A heartbroken Deborah goes alone to the dance with the other two couples. When Porter complains about his wife dancing with another man, she tells him he has no idea how much Lora Mae really loves him, but Porter is certain his wife only sees him as a "cash register". Unable to take it anymore, Deborah gets up to leave, announcing that Brad has run off with Addie. Porter stops her, confessing it was he who started to run away with Addie, but then explains, "A man can change his mind, can\'t he?" Porter then tells his wife that, with his admission in front of witnesses, she can divorce him and get what she wants. To his shock, Lora Mae claims she did not hear a word he said. He asks her to dance. The voice of Addie Ross bids all a good night. In the film, she is shown only once and from behind.'] ["Detective Agustín Rejas  is tracking the self-styled President Ezequiel , a Marxist-influenced guerrilla waging a brutal terrorist campaign against the corrupt-yet-democratic government of an unnamed Latin American country. Contrasting with the violence and death in his professional life, Rejas begins to fall for Yolanda  - his daughter's beautiful ballet teacher. But she may not be all she appears, and his growing attraction to her brings him in direct conflict with his prey."] ['Set 23 years after an event called "The Cancellation", the film follows Tom, whose sister is captured by a local tribe. He sets out to find and rescue her, while avoiding the dangerous tribes he encounters along the way. Sandahl Bergman plays "She" who ends up aiding Tom after he escapes from her. She decides to help after learning of a prophecy given to her by a local seer. The heroes have to face a tutu wearing giant, a psychic communist, toga wearing werewolves and mutants bandaged up like Egyptian mummies.'] ['Ex-boxer Kevin "Kid" Collins is a drifter and an escapee from a mental hospital. He meets Fay Anderson, a widow, who convinces him to help fix up the neglected estate her ex-husband left. "Uncle Bud" talks them both into helping kidnap a rich boy for ransom money, and the ex-fighter must make decisions about his loyalties and what is right.'] ['Beatrice “Booky” Thomson, is a spunky 15-year-old who dreams of becoming a great writer despite the odds. Life in Toronto during the 1930s are hard ones for Booky’s family. Parents Thomas and Francy are barely able to eke out a living for themselves and their children Willa, Arthur and Booky. But irrepressible Booky, with her big imagination and even bigger plans, seems able to tackle anything. When her new school teacher, Mr. Jackson inspires her to become a writer, Booky pursues her career with gusto - until she lets some well-meaning advice from a great Canadian author shatter her dreams. Following a short stay at Aunt Aggie’s Muskoka farm to quell a bout of bronchitis, Booky returns home to resume the usual joys and trials of growing up. She starts the Deanna Durbin fan club with her best friends Ruthie and Gladys, rebuffs the advances of her brother’s trouble-making friend Georgie, celebrates her 16th birthday with disastrous results, and falls for Gloria’s ex-boyfriend Lorne. Then one day, she decides to enter the local newspaper’s essay writing contest and what happens after that nearly turns Booky’s life upside down.'] ['Captain Duncan "Mac" Maclain is a formidable private detective who happens to be blind; but his other senses are sharper than average. He copes with his sight deficiency by being accompanied by a dog named Friday and a human assistant named Marty. Mac is asked by his friend Norma to break up a romantic relationship between her seventeen year old step-daughter Barbara and a fifty year old actor. Mac finds the lover has been murdered and detects his body has been removed from the scene of the crime. The murder leads him into an Axis spy ring.  In the novel, Mac is a Government Intelligence Agent.'] ['The absent spendthrift Sir Hector Brandon notifies his wife Lady Brandon  that he intends to sell a valuable sapphire called the "Blue Water". The three orphan Geste brothers, "Beau" , Digby ([[Robert Preston  and John , had been raised by Lady Brandon since childhood, along with her ward Isobel Rivers . At Beau\'s request, the gem is brought out for one last look when suddenly the lights go out and the jewel disappears. All present proclaim their innocence, but first Beau and then Digby depart without warning, each leaving a confession that he committed the robbery. John reluctantly parts from his beloved Isobel and goes after his brothers. John discovers they have joined the French Foreign Legion, so he enlists as well. They are trained by the sadistic Sergeant Markoff . Markoff finds out about the theft from his informant Rasinoff , who overhears joking remarks by the Geste brothers. Rasinoff convinces Markoff that Beau is hiding the gem. Markoff arranges to split up the brothers. Beau and John are part of a detachment sent to man isolated Fort Zinderneuf. When Lieutenant Martin dies from a fever, Markoff assumes command. Fearing the sergeant\'s now-unchecked brutality, Schwartz  incites the other men to mutiny the next morning; only Beau, John, and Maris  refuse to take part. However, Markoff is tipped off by Voison  and disarms the men while they are sleeping. The next morning, Markoff orders Beau and John to execute the ringleaders, but they refuse. Before Markoff can do anything, the fort is attacked by Tuaregs. The initial assault is beaten off, but after each new attack, there are fewer defenders. Markoff props up the corpses at their posts to make it look as if there are still plenty of soldiers left. The final attack is repulsed, but Beau is shot, leaving Markoff and John the only men left standing. Markoff sends John to get bread and wine. He searches Beau\'s body and finds a small pouch and two letters. When John sees what Markoff has done, he draws his bayonet, giving Markoff the perfect excuse to shoot the only witness to his theft. However, Beau is not yet dead and manages to spoil Markoff\'s aim, allowing John to stab him. John and Beau hear a bugle announcing the arrival of reinforcements, Digby among them. Beau expires in his brother\'s arms after telling him to take one of the letters to Lady Brandon and leave the other, a confession of the robbery, in Markoff\'s hands. John sneaks away unseen. Digby volunteers to find out why there is no response from the fort. He discovers Beau\'s body and, remembering his oft-expressed wish, gives him a Viking funeral. He places Beau on a cot, with a dog  at his feet, and sets fire to the barracks. Then he too deserts. He finds John. Later, two American friends  desert, and together, they begin the long journey home. Desperate for water, they find an oasis, but it is occupied by a large band of natives. Digby tricks them into fleeing by playing a bugle to signal a charge by non-existent Legionnaires, but he is killed by a parting shot. John returns home. Lady Brandon reads Beau\'s letter, which reveals that Beau stole the gem because he knew it was a fake. Lady Brandon had sold the real one years before, and Beau wanted to protect her. As a child, he was hiding in a suit of armor and witnessed the transaction .'] ['Bartholomew "Barley" Scott Blair , the head of a British publishing firm, is on a business trip to Moscow. He attends a writers\' retreat where he speaks of an inevitable New World Order on its way and an end to tension with the West. Attentively listening is a man called Dante , who wants to be convinced that Barley means what he says. It transpires that Dante has secretly written a book about the Soviet Union\'s true nuclear missile capabilities. A few months later, unable to locate Barley at a sales fair, a Russian woman named Katya Orlova  asks another publishing company\'s representative, Niki Landau , to pass along a very important manuscript. Niki sneaks a look at the book and delivers it to British government authorities instead. British intelligence agents and American CIA agents track Barley to his holiday flat in Lisbon, then interrogate him to see how he knows Katya. They realize he is as much in the dark as they are, so Ned , gives him some fundamental training as a spy. The British MI6 agents realize that the manuscript is of vital importance to the USA, so they start working with the CIA, with both agencies wanting Barley to work on their behalf. Barley returns to the USSR to seek out Dante and confirm that he is genuine. He meets with Katya, with whom he is instantly smitten. Through her, he confirms that Dante is a brilliant scientist whose actual name is Yakov. He also denies to Katya\'s face that he is a spy. At the first phase, the British run the operation, while informing the CIA on its results. The CIA team in the United States, headed by Russell , is concerned because the book states that the Soviet nuclear missile program is in very bad shape, and therefore there\'s no real reason for an arms race to continue. Katya sets up a face-to-face meeting with "Dante," going to great lengths to avoid being followed. Barley explains that the sensitive manuscript is now in the hands of British and American authorities. Yakov feels betrayed, but Barley convinces him that the book can still be published, which was the author\'s objective in the first place. Dante is clearly disappointed by Barley\'s trust of the authorities, explaining that government people  are only driven by their own interests, not caring about simple people. Nevertheless, Dante gives Barley another volume to the manuscript after Barley assures him that he\'s sympathetic to the cause. Impressed by the additional volume, Russell\'s boss Brady  and a U.S. military officer named Quinn  personally question Barley, wanting to be certain where his loyalties lie. Russell then travels to London to monitor Barley\'s progress. He declares that he would help the British operation out of a true ideological belief in Glasnost, although this would not be good news to his "customers" of the weapons industry, who need an arms race for continued prosperity. Convinced that Dante\'s manuscripts are truthful, the CIA and MI6 come up with a list of questions , which is meant to extract as much information of the USSR as Dante could provide. On that point, irregularities begin to emerge, but the joint British-American team rationalizes them, except for Barley\'s "Russia House" handler Ned, who senses something amiss. Barley, by now fully in love with Katya, wants to keep nothing from her; he admits that he is spying. Katya, in return, confirms that Yakov is not acting like himself, fearing that he may be under KGB observation or control. She gives Barley the address where Yakov will be staying when he is in Moscow. Barley is under full British-American surveillance as he takes the shopping list to Yakov\'s apartment. Ned suddenly concludes that the Soviets know all about the operation and that they only let it run because they want to put their hands on the list. He realizes that if they get the questions, they will know exactly what the British and Americans know - just based on what they were asking. Ned is now convinced that Barley has made a deal to turn over the questions to the USSR. Russell disagrees with Ned completely and instructs the assignment to proceed as planned. The British-American team expects the meeting with Yakov to last 2–3 hours, but when Barley doesn\'t return after 7 hours, Russell must admit that he was wrong. They must now do damage control, pretending that the questions were deliberately false. Barley, meanwhile, has left a note for Ned. Barley explains that during a prearranged phone call to Katya, Yakov used a code word to let her know that he has been compromised by the KGB, and that her life is also in danger. To save Katya, Barley has traded the shopping list to the Russians in exchange for the freedom of Katya\'s family. He admits to the British and Americans that it might be unfair, but as he writes to Ned: "You shouldn\'t open other people\'s letters." Barley returns to his flat in Lisbon, where he waits for a ship to dock that brings Katya and her family to begin a new life with him.'] ['The film starts at a public hearing of a council led by Diego de Parada, the Archbishop of Lima . Brother Juniper  defends his work and his conclusions to the Inquisition, trying to assess whether the people who died were worthy or unworthy of suffering such a tragedy. He analyses the lives of four of the characters and the film flashes back and forth between the hearing and the events that lead to the tragedy. Doña María, the Marquess of Montemayor , a rather eccentric but wealthy woman, is vexed by the fact that her only daughter, Clara, whom she loves dearly, is indifferent to her. The latter married a Spanish nobleman and moved across the ocean. Doña María visits her daughter, but when they cannot get along, she returns to Lima. The only way that they can communicate comfortably is by letter, and Doña María pours her heart into her writing, which becomes so polished that her letters will be read in schools for hundreds of years after her death. Doña María takes Pepita as her companion, a girl raised at the Convent of Santa María Rosa de las Rosas, after a recommendation by the Inquisition that her strange behavior might be lessened if she was not alone all the time. Esteban and Manuel are twins who were left at the Convent of Santa María Rosa de las Rosas as infants. The Abbess of the convent, Madre María del Pilar , developed a fondness for them as they grew up. They are so close that they have developed a secret language that only they understand. After they are dismissed from the Archbishop’s household, they become scribes and they write notes for actress Micaela Villegas, La Perricholi, who writes to her lover, Manuel de Amat y Juniet, Viceroy of Peru and to a bullfighter. Manuel falls in love with La Perricholi, which strains his relationship with his twin. After they are dismissed by La Perricholi, both brothers work a job as stevedores for Captain Alvarado. During work Manuel suffers an accident which ends in a grave injury which will ultimately cause his death. Uncle Pío  found La Perricholi as a girl and nourished her into a full-fledged actress, he acts as her singing-master, coiffeur, masseur, reader, errand-boy, banker and, rumor added: her father. Although he is in love with her, he has never expressed his feelings, which might or might not be reciprocated by her. He has had just three interests in the world: independence; the constant presence of beautiful women; and work with the masterpieces of Spanish literature, particularly in the theater. He is witness to La Perricholi’s affair with the Viceroy and the bullfighter and her bearing a child to the Viceroy much to his dismay but despite of this and that due to La Perricholi’s absence from the theatre, his company is forced to close, he remains faithful to her. The Marquess of Montemayor learns that her daughter in Spain is pregnant and decides to make a pilgrimage to the shrine of Santa María de Cluxambuqua. Pepita goes along as company and to supervise the staff. Captain Alvarado, who has saved Esteban from suicide, hires him to sail with him. A small-pox epidemic sweeps through Lima and La Perricholi goes missing, Uncle Pío goes after her when learning from the Viceroy that she will receive no one at her home and he suspects that the sickness has struck her. She has taken her son, Jaime, who will be the fifth victim of the tragedy, with her. After Uncle Pío finally succeeds in seeing her, he convinces her to let him take the boy to a better education, which she agrees. When Doña María is out at the shrine, Pepita stays at the inn and writes a letter to the Abbess complaining about her misery and loneliness. Doña María reads the letter and compliments Pepita about its beauty but she rebuts that it was not brave to write it. Doña María has new insight into the ways in which her own life have lacked bravery and proceeds to write her most famous letter “Letter LVI”, which by all accounts has become immortal and has been even compared to St. Paul’s letter to the Corinthians, due to its bravery and definitions of love. When all five characters are heading back to Lima, the bridge breaks and all fall to their deaths. The story shifts back to the hearing. The Abbess and La Perricholi, now a nun, appear at the hearing with the intent of taking the stand, but they are refused after the Viceroy denies knowing or recognizing the former actress, after seeing her face destroyed by smallpox, and because the actress he knew had no love in her eyes . The Archbishop pronounces Juniper’s work a heresy, and the book and its author are burned in the town square. At the convent, the Abbess receives Doña Clara, who is visiting and comes to see the work done by the nuns. The film ends with the Abbess\'s observation: "There is a land of the living and a land of the dead, and the bridge is love, the only survival, the only meaning."'] ['{{Expand section}} A Chicago youth, Nick Conover , in trouble with the criminal justice system for joyriding, has been released on probation with a special condition that he lives and works on the Kentucky farm of his distant aunt Henrietta and uncle Jed Bruce , and does not get in any further trouble. There, in the middle of nowhere, Nick is forlorn, especially as his uncle does not welcome him with open arms. Nick finds that sulky horse racing is the popular pastime in this area of the country. Although initially his preference is to race and repair hot-rod cars, he finds he has an innate connection with the only remaining horse on the farm. A local lass  teaches him much about the sport and "April love" ensues.'] ['Viola  and Sebastian  are young twins and entertainers who use their likeness to tease their audiences. During a journey by sea, they are caught in a storm, shipwrecked and separated. Viola and other survivors end up on the shore of Illyria. A devastated Viola believes her brother dead. She later takes his appearance in order to join the court of the local Duke Orsino . Viola becomes a page, using the name "Cesario". Orsino is madly in love with the lady Olivia , who is in mourning due to her brother\'s recent death. She uses the tragedy as an excuse to avoid seeing the Duke, whom she does not love. He sends "Cesario" to do his wooing and Olivia falls in love with the messenger, unaware of "Cesario"\'s real gender. Realising Olivia\'s feelings for her alter ego, Viola is caught in even more of quandary in that she is in love with Orsino. Meanwhile, elements of Olivia\'s household plot against her pompous steward Malvolio  by tricking him into believing that Olivia loves him.  His attempts to woo her, however, are met with bewilderment by Olivia who has him committed, where he is subjected to further humiliations by Maria , Feste  and Sir Toby Belch . Sir Toby, Olivia\'s uncle and a notorious drunk, is also trying to encourage his friend, the idiotic Sir Andrew Aguecheek  to court Olivia, but she purposely ignores him. Sir Toby pushes Sir Andrew into challenging "Cesario" to a duel, which goes very badly for Aguecheek. Furthermore, Viola\'s twin, Sebastian, has in fact survived the wreck and has also arrived in Illyria, accompanied by Antonio , who saved him from drowning. Antonio, who has "many enemies in Orsino\'s court", is forced to flee when he is recognised and comes across "Cesario", whom he mistakes for Sebastian, and is outraged when "Cesario" fails to help him out. Arriving at her estate, Sebastian meets Olivia, who, mistaking him for "Cesario", talks him into marrying her. When he learns of this, Orsino is furious and dismisses his page, whom he had made a friend and confidante. However, the matter is soon cleared up when Sebastian and "Cesario" come face-to-face and the latter reveals her real nature and identity of Viola. Orsino marries Viola. The film ends with both couples holding a party to celebrate their marriages, while the supporting players, including the humiliated Sir Andrew and Malvolio, leave the estate their heads held high and Feste sings his song, "The Wind and the Rain".'] ["In 1895, the North Surrey Regiment of the British Army is called to active service to join the army of Sir Herbert Kitchener in the Mahdist War against the forces of The Khalifa . Forced into an army career by family tradition, Lieutenant Harry Faversham  resigns his commission on the eve of its departure. As a result, his three friends and fellow officers, Captain John Durrance  and Lieutenants Burroughs  and Willoughby ([[Jack Allen , show their contempt of his perceived cowardice by each sending him a white feather attached to a calling card. When his fiancée, Ethne Burroughs , says nothing in his defence, he bitterly demands a fourth from her. She refuses, but he plucks one from her fan. Harry confides in an old mentor and former surgeon in his father's regiment, Dr. Sutton , that he is indeed a coward and must make amends. He departs for Egypt. There, he adopts the disguise of a despised mute Sangali native, with the help of Dr. Harraz , to hide his lack of knowledge of the language. During the army's advance, Durrance is ordered to take his company through the desert to lure the Khalifa's army away from Omdurman. Durrance is blinded by sunstroke before he can lead the company to safety and it is overrun and wiped out. He is left for dead on the battlefield, and Burroughs and Willoughby are captured. However, the disguised Faversham takes the delirious Durrance across the desert and down the Nile to the vicinity of a British fort. As he puts Durrance's white feather into a letter that Durrance kept with him, Harry is mistaken for a robber. Faversham is placed in a convict gang, but escapes to continue his quest. Six months later, the blind Durrance has returned to England to learn to cope with permanent blindness. Out of pity, Ethne pledges to marry and care for him. At dinner with Ethne, her father, and Dr. Sutton, as Durrance relates the tale of his miraculous rescue, the white feather drops out of his letter, revealing to the others that his rescuer was Harry Faversham. Nobody has the heart to tell Durrance. Burroughs and Willoughby are abused and kept in a dungeon in Omdurman with other enemies of the Khalifa. Playing the addled Sangali, Faversham surreptitiously gives them hope of escape and passes a file to unlock their chains, but arouses the suspicions of the guards. He is flogged as a spy and imprisoned with the others. He reveals his identity to his friends and organizes an escape as a last chance to survive the coming attack of Kitchener's army. The prisoners overpower their guards and use their weapons to seize and hold the Khalifa's arsenal. Durrance learns of Faversham's deeds from a newspaper account read to him by Dr. Sutton, and dictates a letter to Ethne to break their engagement on the false pretext of a prolonged course of treatment in Germany to restore his eyesight, and includes congratulations to Faversham. Some time later Harry, in mufti, attends a dinner with his friends and Ethne, where General Burroughs , Ethne's father, acknowledges that Harry has forced all to take back their feathers—except Ethne. He playfully makes her take back her white feather by interrupting Gen. Burroughs in the midst of his favourite war story about the Battle of Balaclava to correct his embellishments; the irritated general complains that he will never be able to tell that story again."] ['{{plot|date List of Worms Eaten in the Film  # Le Big Porker  # Worm Omelette  # Greasy Brown Toad Bloater Special  # Greasy Brown Toad Bloater Special # The Burning Fireball  # The Barfmalloo  # Peanut Butter & Worm Jam Sandwich  # The Green Slusher  # Radioactive Slime Delight  # Live Worm'] ['Sophie and Otto Bentwood are a middle-aged, middle class, childless Brooklyn Heights couple trapped in a loveless marriage. He is an attorney, she a translator of books. Their existence is affected not only by their disintegrating relationship but by the threats of urban crime and vandalism that surround them everywhere they turn, leaving them feeling paranoid, scared, and desperately helpless. The film details their fragile emotional and psychological states as they interact with each other and their friends.'] ["The film opens with Oscar Wilde's 1882 visit to Leadville, Colorado during his lecture tour of the United States. Despite his flamboyant personality and urbane wit, he proves to be a success with the local silver miners as he regales them with tales of Renaissance silversmith Benvenuto Cellini. Wilde returns to London and weds Constance Lloyd , and they have two sons in quick succession. While their second child is still an infant, the couple hosts a young Canadian named Robbie Ross , who seduces Wilde and helps him come to terms with his homosexuality. On the opening night of his play Lady Windermere's Fan, Oscar is re-introduced to the dashingly handsome and openly foppish poet Lord Alfred Douglas , whom he had met briefly the year before, and the two fall into a passionate and tempestuous relationship. Hedonistic Alfred is not content to remain monogamous and frequently engages in sexual activity with rent boys while his older lover plays the role of voyeur. Alfred's father, the Marquess of Queensberry , objects to his son's relationship with Oscar and demeans the playwright shortly after the opening of The Importance of Being Earnest. When Oscar sues the Marquess for criminal libel against him, his homosexuality is publicly exposed; he is eventually tried for gross indecency and sentenced to two years' hard labour. In prison, he is visited by his wife, who tells him she isn't divorcing him but is taking their sons to Germany and that he is welcome to visit as long as he never sees Douglas again. Oscar is released from prison and goes straight into exile to continental Europe. In spite of the advice or objections of others, he eventually meets with Alfred. Throughout the film, portions of the well-loved Wilde story The Selfish Giant are woven in, first by Wilde telling the story to his children, then as narrator, finishing the story as the film ends."] 