[' A camera tracks crosswise alongside a wide, brightly appointed beach, in what appears to be the dead of winter. No bathers are in sight, only a rolling parade of empty cabanas, with a tranquil blue seascape in the distance beyond. The wistful, melancholy music of Nino Rota lends these vistas a dreamy familiarity. We then jump from color to luminous black & white, and a quick glimpse of Federico Fellini’s 1963 masterpiece, 8½, in which the monumentally buxom harlot, La Saraghina, is preparing to perform her rumba on the beach for a flock of fugitive schoolboys. It’s the very same beach we were just staring at, but magically denuded of 40 years of succeeding development, and made mythic through the eyes of a master. From this point of departure, Pettigrew juxtaposes archival footage and fresh interviews with Fellini’s collaborators, interspersed with classic clips and the fruits of his own present-day visits to the haunting locales where I Vitelloni , Nights of Cabiria , La Dolce Vita , Satyricon  and other cinematic wonders first came to life. The goal is to fuse these ingredients thematically, to a degree that may better illuminate Fellini’s conscience and philosophies. "I am a born liar," the maestro tells us. "For me, the things that are the most real are the ones I invented." In one way or another, Fellini’s playful habit of honestly admitting falsehood is presented, and tested, as the key to his art, and even his spirituality. The maestro’s boyhood in the Adriatic coastal town of Rimini is conjured through a combination of an unpublished baby picture of Fellini, contemporary footage, and his own spoken reminiscence. Fellini remembers being fascinated, when still a small boy, by the town’s artistic types - bohemian outcasts who were, by turns, dirty, flashy, and inner directed. "A small boy is naturally rebellious," he tells us, of himself. "He’s reacting to the laws, the taboos, the rules laid down by his family, his school. And my generation was faced with so many taboos, those of the Catholic Church, of Fascism." This reflection is intercut with a behind-the-scenes of Amarcord , Fellini’s intimate epic about small-town life in the Benito Mussolini era. The focus is on the scene, both nightmarish and comedic, in which the hero’s father is obliged by the police to drink castor oil, for no reason other than as a clownish, sadistic exercise of small-time power. Fellini circles the action, prompting the actors, crooning to them, snarling, sometimes obliging them to act directly towards him, as he crouches off-camera. Emphasised in this context is Fellini’s intense discomfort at causing such a scene to be re-enacted, however satiric the energy. He scowls, grits his teeth, and admonishes one actor playing a Blackshirt bully to be more precise, for pity’s sake: "Your partner has been suffering for days because of you. Get it right!" Fellini’s early manhood and lifelong collaboration with his actress wife, Giulietta Masina, are evoked through a combination of interviews  and clips from 8½ and Juliet of the Spirits.F. X. Feeney observes that "scenes of boyhood lust, grownup sexual mischief and the intimate, truthfully observed emotional life of a longtime married couple reoccur with a passionate regularity in Fellini’s films". Quoted in press notes released by First Look Media in 2003. While it is an understandable temptation to think of such scenes as "autobiography", they are counterbalanced by Fellini’s own warnings: "Memory is a most mysterious element, almost indefinable, that links us to things we don’t even remember having lived. It constantly incites us to stay in contact with dimensions, events, and sensations, that we can’t define, but that we know actually happened." After a close look at the overtly fake plastic seascapes of And the Ship Sails On , Italian novelist Italo Calvino observes: "To a psychoanalyst, whether you tell the truth or whether you lie, isn’t very important. Because even lies are interesting, eloquent, revealing, just as much as what is considered truth. I distrust a writer who claims to tell the whole truth about himself, about life, or about the world." Some of the contradictions in Fellini’s accounts of himself are just plain funny. "I adore actors," he tells us. Cut to Donald Sutherland, star of Fellini\'s Casanova , who quietly seethes that "in his relations with actors, Federico was dreadful, a martinet, a tyrant". Yet Sutherland is close to a smile as he recalls and then offers an insight that deepens the film’s argument: "Fellini is constantly threatened by his own superficiality, and is constantly running away from it, in the same sense as Orson Welles. Orson Welles created a lie about himself that was in fact the truth, but he knew that it was a lie he’d created - and once everybody believed it, he found it insupportable." Rocking the stability of these persuasive remarks is Roberto Benigni, star of La voce della luna , extolling Fellini’s charm with actors in bright, broad strokes: "He treated me, for the first time in my life, like I was a real actor. Or better - actress! I was in the center, and to everybody he say, \'This is-a my Kim-a Novak.\'" Terence Stamp, who played Toby Dammit in Histoires extraordinaires , remembers that when he asked for a bit of directorial instruction, Fellini glared at him at first as if witnessing something unnatural - a puppet who dared to question its puppeteer. Then, off the top of his head, he offered Stamp a lulu of an "actor’s motivation" for Toby, telling him: "Last-a night you play Macbeth. Then you go to a party. Big-a party. Whiskey. Hashish. Cocaine. A whore-gy! And at this-a whore-gy, you fuck some woman while some black-a man fuck you. Then you are on your way to the airport and someone put big tab LSD under your tongue. Now you\'re here!" Stamp needed no further preparation. Nevertheless, he was constantly intrigued by Fellini’s love of extreme artifice. When he asked the director why the makeup people had been told to place Toby’s eyebrows at such an unnaturally high angle on his forehead, Fellini replied, "They are question marks. It makes you look like you’re asking a question." Tullio Pinelli, screenwriter of La strada and La Dolce Vita, and cameraman Giuseppe Rotunno outline the varied, often complex approaches to scripting a Fellini film and lighting it. Noted French producer Toscan du Plantier details the frustration of working with a temperamental director who "needs an enemy" for inspiration. "An artist is a medium," insists Fellini, "a vessel to be filled by fantasy" as painter and long-time intimate, Rinaldo Geleng, evokes the maestro\'s wild mental states during La dolce vita, 8½ and Casanova. Featured during these interviews are extremely rare behind-the-scenes of La Dolce Vita, Juliet of the Spirits, Fellini\'s Casanova, and City of Women that are, in turn, punctuated by mysterious uncredited appearances by Ennio Flaiano, Alain Cuny, and Nanni Moretti. As the film moves through its final third, we tour the stagier sets and sample the less formally scripted scenes which characterize Fellini’s later work. These scenes are balanced against the filmmaker’s own latter-day musings in such a way that, even if one tends to resist Fellini’s later films, one is better able to see and understand them on his terms as part of an inevitable, continuous growth on his part. "Faking things, constantly faking!" says Fellini as we observe in detail his skillfully crafted, openly false, studio-built seascapes. "Making a fake sea, a fake meadow, a fake storm. All this faking, this representation - probably unconsciously - is merely a repetition of a kind of magic ritual." After a clip from 8½ in which a sleepless Guido  worries that his latest film will capsize, owing to his own shortcomings - "What if it’s the end," he asks himself, "of a big fat liar without talent or genius?"- Fellini reflects that "doubt" is also a vital part of the creative process. "Fear is a feeling you have to cultivate. A man cannot do without being afraid. A fearless man is, I think, a fool. Fear is inseparable from being human." Fear of death motivated Fellini to abandon, sometime around 1966, a poetic film about the afterlife called The Voyage of G. Mastorna. Terence Stamp encouraged Fellini to make the film anyway: "\'You think if you make this film, you will die,\'" he recalls telling the maestro. "\'And you will! But not in the way you think. You’ll be reborn.\'" Fellini resisted the advice. And yet, Mastorna itself was reborn, again and again as he saw it, in all his later work. "The most intimate and secret part of that film has nourished and found its way into every film I made later," he reflects. "Like the wreck of a ship that from the floor of the ocean continues to send radioactive signals." We are then shown footage of Mastroianni with Giulietta Masina on the set of City of Women and Mastroianni during a screen test for the ill-fated  Mastorna. Such ruminations set the tone for the film’s close in which Fellini reflects  on the fleeting properties of life in general and the unforeseen, dream-like career which became his life. "I think it is a necessity," he says of the creative process, alluding not just to filmmaking but to the imaginative ways in which we each navigate our lives. "An interpretation... Which protects, consoles and reassures. I believe that art is the most successful attempt to instill in mankind the need to have a religious feeling. That’s what any kind of art expresses." The film ends full circle at the seascape where it began except that, now, the remnant of an abandoned camera-track is aimed straight into the sea. On the ambiguity of this final image, critic F. X. Feeney wrote: "Is this substitution of a real sea for the imaginary ones we’ve been sailing for the past hour and forty minutes a critique, a refutation of Fellini’s beloved fakery? Or is it a validation - an invitation to enter the reality at which those fancies were ultimately aimed? In keeping with the maestro\'s elusive art, the image is a deliberate paradox."Quoted in Feeney, Press Notes .'] ["In 1996, Mark Borchardt, a blue-collar suburbanite, dreams of being a filmmaker. However, he is also an unemployed, deeply-indebted, borderline-alcoholic who still lives with his parents and is estranged from his ex-girlfriend, who is threatening to revoke custody of their three children. He acknowledges his various failures but aspires to one day make more of his life. In an attempt to jump-start his amateur film making career, Mark restarts production on Northwestern, a feature-length film Mark has been planning for most of his adult life. Initially, the project attracts some interest from the group of amateur actors with whom Mark produces radio plays, but by the fourth production meeting, almost no one shows up and Mark is forced to acknowledge that he currently lacks the resources to ever move Northwestern past the pre-production phase. In an attempt to drum up the attention and financial resources needed to film Northwestern, Mark decides to finally complete Coven, a horror short that he began shooting on 16mm film in 1994 but ultimately abandoned. Mark receives financing from his uncle Bill, a wise but increasingly senile eighty-two-year-old retiree who lives in a dilapidated trailer despite having nearly $300,000 in his bank account. Bill hesitantly agrees to invest in Coven with the goal of selling three thousand VHS tapes, which he hopes will raise enough capital to finance Northwestern. Mark re-starts production on Coven but suffers numerous mishaps. Although he is hard-working and knowledgeable about film making, he is also poor at planning ahead and inarticulate as a director. Additionally, Mark builds his production crew out of friends and neighbors, many of whom are incompetent at the tasks to which Mark assigns them. Particular attention is given to his best friend  Mike Schank, a recovering alcoholic and drug addict who is in charge of scoring Coven. Although the two bonded over their shared alcoholism, Mike has coped with his own addictions by joining Alcoholics Anonymous and by becoming a compulsive gambler; in between work on Coven, Mike goes to the gas station to buy lottery tickets, sometimes accompanied by his AA sponsor, who then drives them both to Gamblers' Anonymous meetings. As production goes forward, Mark faces the skepticism of his family and his own burgeoning alcoholism. At Thanksgiving dinner and, later, a family party to watch Super Bowl Sunday, Mark gets drunk and becomes aggressive to his family and friends, and his girlfriend briefly leaves him. Later, a wistful Mark watches amateur footage he shot of Northwestern in 1990 and contemplates whether or not he is a failure. Mark finally wraps production of Coven and it premieres at a local theater in 1997. Mark's family and friends are happy that the project has finally been completed. In the final scene, Mark goes to visit Uncle Bill and discusses the prospects of future fame and wealth. Bill responds by advising Mark to focus on spiritual matters and bringing happiness into other people's lives. Closing text reveals that Bill died later in 1997, and left Mark $50,000 in his will to help finance Northwestern."] ['The book chronicles Evans\' rise from childhood to radio star to film star to production chief of Paramount Pictures to independent producer, his marriage to Ali MacGraw, his downfall including his 1980 cocaine bust and implication in the murder of Roy Radin, aka "The Cotton Club Murder", his banishment from Paramount Pictures, and his return to the studio in the early 1990s. A revised edition of the book, published in 1995, adds several chapters of new material, including material on his projects after his return to Paramount Pictures. The film version, released in 2002, utilizes Evans\' narration interspersed with film footage from films such as Love Story, The Sun Also Rises, Rosemary\'s Baby, Chinatown, and The Godfather, along with interviews and photographs from Evans\' life, to tell the story from his discovery by Norma Shearer for Man of a Thousand Faces, to his return to Paramount Pictures. Many elements from the book, according to the commentary by directors Burstein and Morgen on the DVD, such as Evans\' childhood and his other marriages  were dropped because they felt that it did not move the story along. The title comes from a line attributed to studio head Darryl F. Zanuck, who was defending Evans after some of the actors involved in The Sun Also Rises had recommended he be removed from the cast.'] ['The film follows three aspiring screenwriters as they struggle to turn their scripts into movies.{{cite news}} {{Dead link}} David is a hip talent agent\'s assistant with three scripts circulating around town. He\'s plugged into "young Hollywood" - and when he\'s not working or writing, he\'s usually hanging out at the beach. Joe is a middle-aged family man who has split time over the last three years between caring for his autistic daughter and writing what he believes could be the great American screenplay. And Deborah is trying to become one of the few African-American women to ever write and direct a feature film, though she\'s struggling just to pay her bills while she searches for money to produce her script. Between these stories, the film intercuts critical insight from such Hollywood screenwriters as James L. Brooks, Nora Ephron, Carrie Fisher, Gary Ross, Steven E. de Souza, Ed Solomon, Paul Guay, Larry Karaszewski and Scott Alexander.Creative Screenwriting magazine, January-February 2006, "Daniel Snyder Documents the Dream," p. 16.'] ["This documentary was filmed over the course of a yearhttp://www.imdb.com/title/tt0496301/ and shows 5 of Dolly's most avid fans as they follow her career. Dolly Parton's upbeat attitude, sense of humor, and great talent allow her to inspire fans across the country. The film is made up of interviews, footage of daily life, trips to Dolly concerts, and pilgrimages to Dollywood, the Dolly Parton theme park. The film documents the ways that Dolly's fans exhibit not only their adoration for Dolly, but also their need to be close to her, literally following her career as they travel to as many venues where she makes appearances as possible. For the Love of Dolly shows that fandom can give meaning to some people's lives, but it can also overwhelm the lives of others."] ['The veline phenomenon is explained. We meet young mechanic Ricky who tries to become a TV star, but complains that it is more difficult for a man. TV agent Lele Mora admiringly says that Berlusconi resembles Benito Mussolini. Paparazzo Fabrizio Corona takes embarrassing photographs of celebrities, and asks them for money to not publicize them. He explains that he is a new version of Robin Hood: he steals from the rich, but keeps the money to himself. When he was convicted for extortion, it made him a greater celebrity, and he is now cashing in on this. He is shown full-frontally naked taking a shower.'] ["With archive film clips and interviews, this brief look at a frequently overlooked historical period of filmmaking acts as an introduction rather than a complete record. Features interviews with some of the genre's biggest stars, like Fred Williamson, Pam Grier, and Richard Roundtree. Director Melvin Van Peebles discusses the historical importance of his landmark film Sweet Sweetback's Baadasssss Song. For a contemporary perspective, the excitable Quentin Tarantino offers his spirited commentary and author/critic bell hooks provides some scholarly social analysis. The music of Blaxploitation films is discussed, focusing on Curtis Mayfield's Super Fly and Isaac Hayes' Shaft. Interviews with writer/director Larry Cohen and film historian Armond White are also featured. BaadAsssss Cinema was originally shown on the Independent Film Channel in August 2002 as part of a week-long Blaxploitation film festival.  *Larry Cohen *Ron Finley *Pam Grier *Ed Guerrero *Gloria Hendry *bell hooks *Samuel L. Jackson *Elvis Mitchell *Afeni Shakur *Quentin Tarantino *Melvin Van Peebles *Armond White *Fred Williamson *Isaac Hayes — archive footage *Roy Innis — archive footage *Jesse Jackson — archive footage *Ron O'Neal — archive footage *Gordon Parks — archive footage"] ["This film is a compilation of scenes from eighteen films that Abbott and Costello made for Universal Pictures between 1941 and 1955. Comedian Jack E. Leonard provides the narration for the film, which incorporates scenes from the following films: *Abbott and Costello Go to Mars *Abbott and Costello in the Foreign Legion *Abbott and Costello Meet Frankenstein *Abbott and Costello Meet the Keystone Kops *Abbott and Costello Meet the Mummy *Buck Privates *Buck Privates Come Home *Comin' Round The Mountain *Hit The Ice *In Society' *In The Navy *The Wistful Widow of Wagon Gap *Little Giant *Lost in Alaska *Mexican Hayride *The Naughty Nineties *Ride 'Em Cowboy *Who Done It?<ref name | titleJim Mulholland | publisher254, 299 | year}}"] ['Several narratives are woven together throughout the film, including those of de Hory, Irving, Welles, Howard Hughes and Kodar. About de Hory, we learn that he was a struggling artist who turned to forgery out of desperation, only to see the greater share of the profits from his deceptions go to doubly unscrupulous art dealers. As partial compensation for that injustice, he is maintained in a villa in Ibiza by one of his dealers. What is only hinted at in Welles\'s documentary is that de Hory had recently served a two-month sentence in a Spanish prison for homosexuality and consorting with criminals.  Irving\'s original part in F for Fake was as de Hory\'s biographer, but his part grew unexpectedly at some point during production. There has not always been agreement among commentators over just how that production unfolded, but the now-accepted story{{cite web}} is that the director François Reichenbach shot a documentary about de Hory and Irving before giving his footage to Welles, who then shot additional footage with Reichenbach as his cinematographer. In the time between the shooting of Reichenbach\'s documentary and the finishing of Welles\', it became known that Irving had perpetrated a hoax of his own, namely a fabricated "authorized biography" of Howard Hughes . This discovery prompted the shooting of still more footage, which then got woven into F for Fake. Blurring the lines even more, there are several pieces of footage in the film showing Welles at a party with De Hory, and, at one point, De Hory even signs a painting with a forgery of Welles\' signature. Some of Hughes\' career is outlined in the form of a parody of the "News on the March" sequence in Citizen Kane. Exactly one hour before narrating Kodar\'s story, Welles promises that everything in the next hour of his film will be true. Exactly one hour later, the film tells a story where Kodar sits for a series of nudes for Pablo Picasso after getting him to agree to give her the finished portraits, and then selling not those very portraits but fake Picassos in their place. The story climaxes with Welles and Kodar re-enacting a tense exchange between Picasso and Kodar\'s grandfather, the alleged forger of the paintings, before Welles reminds the viewer that he only promised to tell the truth for an hour and that "for the last 17 minutes, I\'ve been lying my head off." In the commentary to the Criterion Collection DVD release of F for Fake, Kodar claims the idea for this segment as her own. She also claims credit for the movie\'s opening sequence, which consists of shots of a miniskirt-clad Kodar walking down streets while rubbernecking male admirers  stop and openly stare. This sequence is described by Kodar as inspired by her feminism.'] ['Composing the film\'s main narrative thread are several long, uninterrupted shots of The Rolling Stones in a sound studio, recording and rerecording various parts to "Sympathy for the Devil." The dissolution of Stone Brian Jones is vividly portrayed, and the chaos of 1968 is made clear when a line referring to the killing of John F. Kennedy is heard changed to the plural after the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy in June. Interwoven through the movie are outdoor shots of Black Panthers milling about in a junkyard littered with the rusting cars heaped upon each other. They read from revolutionary texts  and toss their rifles to each other, from man to man, as if in an assembly line, or readying for an impending battle. A group of white women, apparently kidnapped and dressed in white, are brutalized and ultimately shot, off-camera; their bloody bodies are subsequently seen in various tableaus throughout the film. The rest of the film contains a powerful political message in the form of a voiceover about Marxism, the need for revolution and other topics in which Godard was interested. One scene involves a camera crew following a woman about, played by Anne Wiazemsky in a yellow peasant dress, in an outdoor wildlife setting, and no matter what she\'s asked, always answers "yes" or "no". As can be seen from the chapter heading to the scene, she is supposed to be a personification of democracy, a woman named Eve Democracy. At least one quarter of the film is devoted to indoor shots of a bookstore that sells such diverse items as Marvel\'s Doctor Strange, DC\'s The Atom, and The Flash comic books, Marxist pamphlets for propaganda, and various men\'s magazines. Alternating with the shots of comic books, pinup magazines, and Marxist pamphlets, consumers casually enter the bookstore, approach a bookshelf, pick up books or magazines, exchange them for a sheet of paper, and then slap the faces of two Maoist hostages sitting patiently next to a book display. Toward the end of the scene, a small child is admitted for the purpose of buying a pamphlet and slapping the faces of the hostages. After exchanging their purchases and receiving their document, each customer raises his/her right arm in a Nazi salute, and leaves the store. Mimicking the earlier scene of the camera crew following Eve Democracy is the last scene to the movie where the camera crew mills about on the beach and from afar one man asks another "what are they doing over there?" To which the other answers "I think they\'re shooting a movie". A large camera crane is positioned on the beach and another woman in white is laid down upon the end of the crane and elevated along with a motion picture camera on the platform until she is well above the beach. She doesn\'t rise up but remains motionless, half-hanging off the crane, one leg dangling.'] ["The film version is Jeff Garlin's documentary on the work of John Waters. Waters talks for an hour and a half about different subjects that made him into who he is today while standing on a stage decorated with a pile of trash, some roses, and a confessional. Waters starts off by talking about his earliest negative influences. He then begins talking about directors of the macabre that inspired him on what to do with his films. He then talks about filmmaking experiences on each and every one of his films and tells stories about some of the Dreamlanders. He discusses sexual fetishes, court trials he has visited, how to make books cool again, and more. The last topic he speaks of is his hometown of Baltimore and all the things he has experienced there."] ["Afghan Star follows the story of Hameed Sakhizada, Setara Hussainzada, Rafi Naabzada, and Lema Sahar, four contestants appearing in the third season of the Afghan reality show Afghan Star. The show's director and host Daoud Sediqi explains that it provides an opportunity for Afghans to enjoy music again after the Taliban's ban. The contestants become national celebrities with people campaigning for votes which are cast via SMS. The show is popular among ordinary Afghan people and fans vote for their favorite contestants even across ethnic lines. Contestant Setara Hussainzada is the first of the four to be eliminated. During her farewell performance she dances with free body movements without her hijab, as opposed to the more constrained dancing considered socially appropriate. After Daoud Sediqi decides to air the footage, there is outrage in the conservative Muslim community and Setara receives death threats and is evicted from her apartment. She explains that she is open-minded and that she wants other Afghans to be as well. She then returns home to her family. The other female contestant Lema Sahar, a Pashtun, is eliminated in the last round leaving Naabzada and Sakhizada. While one-third of Afghanistan watches, Rafi Naabzada wins the final round, becoming the Afghan Star."] ['In Citizen Kane, Welles plays Charles Foster Kane, whose fictional life partially mirrors that of Hearst\'s. However, Chicago inventor and utilities magnate Samuel Insull, Chicago Tribune publisher Robert R. McCormick, and even Welles\' own life were used in creating Kane. In 1939, based partly on the strength of his imaginative and successful New York plays which were produced under the aegis of the Mercury Theatre , and the infamy of his October 30, 1938 radio broadcast of H. G. Wells\' The War of the Worlds which sent residents of Grover\'s Mill, New Jersey into a panic, Orson Welles was able to negotiate a virtually unheard-of two-picture deal with the relatively small RKO Pictures studio. The deal gave him near-total creative control and, arguably, overshadowed the production of films also considered classics: Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer\'s Gone with the Wind and The Wizard of Oz and RKO\'s own Gunga Din. The Battle Over Citizen Kane also details the lives of Orson Welles and William Randolph Hearst before Citizen Kane, Hearst\'s manipulation of the heads of the four largest Hollywood studios: Columbia Pictures, Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Paramount Pictures, and Warner Bros. to combine their efforts and financial strength to buy the film from RKO with the express purpose of destroying it, and how the film affected their lives after the release of the film. During this period, however, William Randolph Hearst was actually millions of dollars in debt due largely to excessive spending, particularly on his continuing construction of his already sprawling mansion near San Simeon, California which was located on a property approximately half the size of the state of Rhode Island. While married to Millicent Hearst, he kept a mistress over twenty years his junior, the actress Marion Davies. Davies had been a silent film-era star who worked on a number of "talkies", but with lesser success. After the release of Citizen Kane to relatively positive critical reviews and largely indifferent popular response, Orson Welles moved on to his second project, The Magnificent Ambersons. However, after Citizen Kane did not become a money-maker, The Magnificent Ambersons was wrested from his control. RKO re-edited the film itself and released it. William Randolph Hearst died in 1951; Orson Welles died in 1985. The events chronicled in The Battle Over Citizen Kane were dramatized in the 1999 HBO film, RKO 281. "281" was the internal production name of Citizen Kane.'] ['The film follows Joan Rivers for 14 months, mostly during the 76th year of her life.<ref nameA Comic’s Life and Times: Enter Talking or Mocking|url16 May 2012|newspaper10 June 2010}} The film made an effort to "[peel] away the mask" and expose the "struggles, sacrifices and joy of living life as a ground breaking female performer."'] ['The film begins with Reilly recounting his childhood and his parents in New York City and Connecticut. We meet his family—an institutionalized father, a racist, baseball bat-wielding mother, and a lobotomized aunt, amongst others. "Eugene O’Neill would never get near this family," Reilly declares. Prior to being put into an institution, Reilly’s father, a Paramount Pictures poster artist and illustrator, was offered the chance to go into business with another illustrator with the intention of making their first animated film in color together. The catch was simply that the senior Mr. Reilly would have to move himself and his family to California. Perhaps a defining moment in young Reilly’s life, his father asked his mother her thoughts and she unceremoniously rejected the possibility. The other illustrator went west without the senior Mr. Reilly as a partner. That other illustrator was named Walt Disney. After this missed opportunity, Reilly\'s father began drinking heavily and eventually had a nervous breakdown. Upon being institutionalized, the family was forced to move out of the Bronx up to Connecticut to live with Mrs. Reilly’s family. When Reilly turned eighteen, he moved to New York City. "If you wanted to be an actor in those days," he explains, "You did something that’s really unheard of today… you studied." Young and hungry , Reilly managed to find an acting class at New School. Its rather liberal open door policy allowed aspiring actors admission even if they didn’t have the money to pay. Reilly’s class was taught by a young, award-winning, soon-to-be-legendary actress, Uta Hagen. In the class were such future stars and notables as Steve McQueen, Jerry Stiller, Anne Meara, Hal Holbrook, Jason Robards, Geraldine Page and Gene Hackman. It was a group of future Academy Award, Tony Award and Emmy Award winners, and, as Charles explains, "We wanted to go on the stage, none of us had any money, and this entire list… couldn’t act for shit." It was about this time when a friend of Reilly\'s arranged a meeting with a powerful NBC executive. Reilly went in and was told, "They don’t let queers on television." In retrospect, Reilly describes it as, "A short meeting." Despite the apparent prejudice against him, his talent and tenacity landed him on Broadway, winning his first Tony Award for his role in How to Succeed in Business Without Really Trying, as well as leading roles in the original Broadway casts of Bye Bye Birdie and Hello, Dolly! Reilly went on to become a fixture in television appearing in numerous episodes of Car 54, Where Are You?, The Ghost & Mrs. Muir, and starring in Lidsville. He also made hundreds of guest appearances on The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, second in number of appearances only to Bob Hope, and had a more recent memorable guest spot on The X-Files. Over the years, he developed a habit of looking through the week’s TV Guide to see how many times he would be on TV that week. Coming in at over a hundred separate appearances, he reflected on the NBC executive who told him he would not be allowed on television—but now Reilly wondered, "Who do I have to fuck to get off?!" Success came to Reilly’s professional life, and he has used all the knowledge and expertise he has gained through a lifetime spent acting to teach. His longtime friend Burt Reynolds gifted him a theater in which to teach the craft of acting, and it has fulfilled Reilly ever since. As we leave him in what he calls "The twilight of an extraordinary life", we see a portrait of an artist, a victim of prejudice who rose above it, a trailblazing comedic personality, an entertainer, a son, a teacher, and a man laid bare for all to see.'] ["Taking a look back from Romero's first television commercials onward, the documentary chronicles the career and stylistic techniques of Dawn of the Deads director, George A. Romero."] ["The film opens on a beach in Malibu, where Tobolowsky recounts a miraculous swim he took on an earlier birthday. It continues in the kitchen of his home, as he boils sausages for his guests and recounts stories about his early auditions in Los Angeles. After some stories in the backyard, where he is grilling the sausages, the guests arrive. Then Stephen entertains his guests with stories about being nominated as one of 100 coolest people in LA, being in a rock 'n' roll band, and working on such films as Bird on a Wire and Mississippi Burning. The film ends in the dark of night with a few leftover guests in his candlelit backyard and a tribute to his close friend Bob Darnell. Among the guests at the party are the actors Mena Suvari, Amy Adams, and his wife, Ann Hearn."] ['At the age of 40, porn star Colton Ford decides to leave the industry and pursue his true calling — a singing career. He feels he has the voice, but his "overexposed" past could be the hook that gets him noticed or the hook that yanks him off stage. Naked Fame follows Colton and his former life-partner, porn star Blake Harper, as they try to ease their way back into the mainstream. The film examines the inner-workings of music industry and documents the emotional struggles involved in the pursuit of one\'s dreams. It contains footage and interviews from Chi Chi LaRue, Bruce Vilanch, Pepper Mashay and Lonnie Gordon, and Ford\'s parents.'] ['Hapless Walter Dinsmore undergoes his annual November breakdown at the 1954 World’s Fair, has a love affair with his mother,<ref nameMahoney |firstRobert Downey Makes Vile Movies |workNovember 28, 1969 |page=66 }} recollects his hysterectomy operation, impersonates a cop, is sold as a piece of living art, goes to heaven, and becomes the singer in a rock band, but not necessarily in that order.'] 