["Steve Randall  is an independent trucker who is hired by an old friend to haul some freight. Only when Steve arrives at the warehouse, does he realize that what he has been hired to haul away is stolen goods. A cop is killed when they bust in during the delivery. Later, after kidnapping Steve, the criminals, led by Walt Radak , threaten to mutilate Mrs. Randall  unless Steve confesses to a murder committed by Radak's brother during the theft. Steve plays along with the criminals just long enough to escape. He takes his wife and leaves town with the couple being pursued by cops and the crooks."] ["A rich novelist, Stephen Byrne, who lives and works by a river, kills his attractive maid after she begins screaming following a drunken pass. The writer, with the help of his limping brother, loads the body into an old sack and the pair throws the body into the river. Unfortunately, the body comes back up and floats by the house days later. Despite desperate attempts by the brothers to get the body, the police end up recovering it. Byrne, who uses the woman's disappearance and killing for publicity for his books, realizes that his brother is the one who is going to be accused of the crime. Meanwhile, he begins writing a book about the crime in another attempt to cash in on the scandal. His wife and brother begin to fall in love, despite the fact that he has become the prime suspect."] ['One morning, hitmen Charlie  and Lee  enter a school for the blind and terrorize the principal until she reveals the whereabouts of a teacher, Johnny North . As the hitmen walk toward North\'s upstairs classroom, the teacher receives a call warning him of their arrival. Johnny sadly responds, "It\'s okay. I know them." As he calmly waits at his desk, Charlie and Lee enter and shoot him multiple times. As they are departing the town by train, Charlie admits that he is bothered that North refused to flee, and that they were paid an unusually high fee for such a simple hit. He and Lee run through what they know about the man they have just killed. Johnny was once a champion race car driver whose career ended in a violent crash. Four years before his death, he was involved in a million-dollar robbery of a mail truck. Tempted by the missing million, Charlie and Lee visit Miami to interview Johnny\'s former mechanic. Earl Sylvester , who considers himself Johnny\'s only friend, is devastated to learn of his death. In between sobs and gulps of whiskey, he tells the story as he remembers it. Johnny North was at the top of his profession when he met the beautiful Sheila Farr . Despite Earl\'s suspicions, Johnny fell deeply in love and planned to propose marriage after winning his next big race. However, Johnny\'s late nights with Sheila had left him disoriented from lack of sleep. As a result, his racing career ended with a fiery crash. At the hospital, Earl revealed to Johnny that Sheila was the mistress of mob boss Jack Browning . Known for her extravagant taste, Sheila has already cheated on Browning with several other sports figures, all of whom met bad ends. Enraged and heartbroken, Johnny rebuffed Sheila\'s attempts to explain and cut his ties to her. Intrigued, Charlie and Lee approach a former member of Browning\'s crew, who also reveals his memories. Some time after the crash, Sheila found Johnny working as a pit mechanic during another race. Although Johnny bitterly attempted to drive her away, Sheila insisted on telling him that a much better job might soon be his for the taking. Meanwhile, Browning was in the process of planning the robbery of a U.S. postal truck. On Sheila\'s recommendation, he agreed to take Johnny on as his getaway driver. After Johnny refused to return her calls, Sheila called at his dilapidated tenement. Although Johnny still felt betrayed, Sheila said that she had always regretted losing him and could not live without him. Deeply moved, Johnny agreed to forgive her. He also helped Browning by souping up the getaway car. However, Browning was deeply enraged when he learned that Sheila had returned to Johnny. In a deliberate provocation, Browning brutally slapped Sheila in front of Johnny. Enraged, Johnny instantly punched Browning in the face and threatened to kill him if he ever hurt Sheila again. However, they both agreed to "settle this" after the job, and went back to planning the robbery. Browning and North placed a phony detour sign to send the mail truck onto an isolated mountain road, while Browning\'s other accomplices blocked the road by staging an accident. When the truck stopped, the gang held it up at gunpoint, loading more than $1 million into the getaway car. Johnny then forced Browning out of the moving car, and drove off alone with the money. After listening to this story, Charlie and Lee pay a visit to Jack Browning, who is now a real estate developer in Los Angeles. Browning, however, insists that he is now an honest businessman and has no idea what happened to the money. He does, however, reveal that Sheila is staying at a downtown hotel and agrees to arrange a meeting with her. To deprive Browning of time to plan an ambush, Charlie and Lee call at Sheila\'s hotel room several hours earlier than agreed. At first Sheila denies all knowledge of Johnny or the money. However, Charlie and Lee beat her and dangle her by the ankles out of her seventh-story window. Terrified, she agrees to tell them the truth. The night before the robbery, she entered Johnny\'s room and told him that his life was in danger. Browning, she said, was planning to kill him and pocket his share of the robbery. Enraged, Johnny wanted to leave and kill Browning on the spot. Sheila, however, insisted that she had a much better idea. On her advice, Johnny threw Browning out of the car and drove off with the money. Later that night, he met with Sheila. As the two lovers departed with the money to a nearby hotel room, they were confronted by Browning. Sheila asked Browning to "do it quickly," and the gangster shot Johnny in the torso. Although severely wounded, Johnny escaped into the night. Unable to find him, Sheila expressed fear that Johnny would cause as much trouble as his predecessors. Therefore, Browning hired Charlie and Lee to murder him. As Sheila comes to the end of her story, Charlie understands at last why Johnny refused to flee. The only man who refuses to run is a man who considers himself to be already dead. Sheila\'s betrayal had already killed Johnny long before the bullets ever touched him. Charlie and Lee, with Sheila in tow, then leave the hotel to confront Browning; but he is waiting nearby with a sniper rifle. He kills Lee and wounds Charlie. Browning and Sheila return home. As they prepare to flee with the money, Charlie, mortally wounded, enters. Sheila, at last revealing her sociopathic nature, frantically denies any role in Johnny\'s death, insisting that her husband alone was responsible. Charlie calmly shoots Browning dead and turns his revolver toward Sheila. When she again pleads for her life, Charlie snarls, "Lady, I don\'t have the time!" He kills Sheila with a single bullet and staggers out the door. He falls dead on the lawn while still gripping the money.'] ["The movie tells the story of Elizabeth  and John , a married couple separated when John goes off to fight in World War I. When Elizabeth receives notice of John's death, she marries another man . John, however, is still alive, and later returns, but after being disfigured in the war he has undergone plastic surgery, making him almost unrecognizable. He has also adopted a daughter . When he finds out that he has a son with Elizabeth, he is faced with the dilemma of whether or not to reveal his true identity."] ["George , recently released from prison, is given a cushy job as the driver for a high-class prostitute named Simone  by his former boss, Denny Mortwell . As George and Simone find out more about each other, they form a friendship despite possibly conflicting incentives. Central to this theme is Mortwell's wish for George to find out as much as he can about one of Simone's 'regulars', a wealthy businessman seen with Mortwell on one occasion. George then helps Simone in her quest to find an abused friend from her murky past, and this leads to a violent resolution in the seedy underworld."] ['Police Captain Jim Fitzpatrick  is a dedicated family man and crime fighter not averse to using violence to fight violence. Although he\'s been demoted for political reasons, public outcry forces the mayor to take more aggressive action against sleazy gang boss Sam Belmonte , and Fitzpatrick is promoted to police chief. His younger brother, Police Detective Ed Fitzpatrick , allows himself to be seduced by a languorously sexy Belmonte gang moll  and needs money to continue the relationship. Frustrated when his principled brother will not promote him, he betrays Jim\'s trust by conspiring with Belmonte\'s henchmen in a truck hijacking that results in the deaths of a child and another police officer. After a crooked lawyer is able to get those guilty off on all charges, the relentlessly determined Chief turns to vigilantism to rid the city of its "Beasts."'] ["A spy ring has infiltrated Lakeview Laboratory of Nuclear Physics, a Southern California atomic research center. FBI agent Dan O'Hara and Scotland Yard detective Philip Grayson are on the case."] ['Early one morning, a room service waiter at a New York City hotel is horrified to discover that the young man to whom he has just delivered breakfast  is standing on the narrow ledge outside his room on the fifteenth floor. Charlie Dunnigan ([[Paul Douglas , a policeman on traffic duty in the street below, tries to talk him off the ledge to no avail. He is ordered back to traffic patrol by police emergency services deputy chief Moksar . But he is ordered to return when the man on the ledge will not speak to psychiatrists summoned to the scene. The police identify the man as Robert Cosick and locate his mother , but her overwrought, hysterical behavior only upsets Cosick and seems to drive him toward jumping. His father ([[Robert Keith , who he despises, then arrives. The divorced father and mother clash over old family issues, and the conflict is played out in front of the police. Dunnigan seeks to reconcile Robert with his father, who Cosick has been brought up to hate by his mother. Dunnigan forces Mrs. Cosick to reveal the identity of a "Virginia" mentioned by Robert, and she turns out to be his estranged fiancee.  After a while, Dunnigan convinces Cosick everyone will leave the hotel room so that he can rest. As Cosick steps in, a crazy evangelist sneaks into the room and Cosick goes back to the ledge. This damages his trust in Dunnigan, as does an effort by police to drop down from the roof and grab him. As night falls, Virginia  is brought to the room, and she pleads with Robert to come off the ledge, to no avail. All the while, the police, under the command of Moksar, are working to grab Robert and put a net below him.{{cite web}}'] ['On a rainy night in 1928 in a Pennsylvania factory town called Iverstown, Martha Ivers , a young girl yearning to escape from the guardianship of her wealthy, domineering aunt, is caught trying to run away with her friend, the street-smart, poor Sam Masterson .{{cite web}} Martha is taken home. Later that night, Sam comes for her, but hides when her aunt hears Martha\'s beloved cat wandering on the staircase. When Mrs. Ivers attacks the pet with her cane; Martha intervenes and accidentally kills her aunt. This is witnessed by Walter O\'Neil , the son of Martha\'s tutor . Martha lies about the incident to Mr. O\'Neil, and Walter supports her. The greedy Mr. O\'Neil suspects what happened, but presents Martha\'s version of events to the police, that an intruder is responsible. He then uses his power over Martha to move into the mansion and take control of her life; years later, he blackmails her into marrying his son by forcing her to testify against an innocent man, resulting in his execution. Eighteen years later, Walter  is the district attorney, while Martha  used her inheritance from her aunt to build a large business empire. However, their marriage is one-sided; he loves her, but she doesn\'t love him. Sam , now a drifter and gambler, stops in the small town by chance when he crashes his car and has to wait for it to be repaired. At his old home, now a boarding house, he meets Antonia "Toni" Marachek , who has just been released from jail. She is later picked up for violating her probation by not returning to her hometown. Sam goes to see Walter, to see if he can use his influence to get her released. Walter worries that Sam has returned with blackmail in mind. When he observes his wife\'s joyful reaction to the news, he has an additional motive for running Sam out of town. He forces Toni to set Sam up. Sam is beaten and driven out of town, but he is too tough to be intimidated. When all else fails, Walter makes a half-hearted attempt to kill Sam himself, but is easily disarmed. Martha then inadvertently blurts out the couple\'s fears, but they prove to be groundless: Sam never witnessed the death. Martha breaks down and laments that he left without her all those years ago, taking with him her only chance for love and freedom. Sam is torn between his old love and his new. Although he eventually forgives Toni for betraying him, he and Martha spend an idyllic day together, rekindling his feelings for her. Walter arranges to meet Sam to finally settle matters. Before Sam arrives, Walter gets drunk and Martha finds out about the meeting. When she urges Sam to kill her husband, Sam\'s love for her is extinguished. He leaves the guilt-ridden couple to contemplate the wreckage of their lives. Before he goes, he gives Walter back his gun and turns his back on him, but Walter does nothing. Martha picks up the gun, but she cannot fire either. After Sam leaves, Walter embraces Martha, then points his gun at her midriff. Oddly relieved, she puts her hand over his hand on the trigger and presses. As she is dying, she defiantly states her name is not Martha Ivers, but Martha Smith. Outside, Sam hears the shot, then soon after, a second. Sam starts toward the house, then realizes it is too late and departs. He leaves town with Toni.'] ["Stanwyck plays Leona Stevenson, a spoiled, bedridden daughter of a millionaire. The telephone is her sole connection with the outside world. One day, while listening to what seems to be a crossed phone connection, she eavesdrops on two men planning a woman's murder. Leona calls the phone company and police, only to be ignored. Adding to Leona's dilemma is the fact that her husband Henry  is missing. After a number of phone calls, the terrorized Leona begins to piece together the mystery. Her uneducated husband, who works for her wealthy father, turns out to be not all he seems. Finally, to her horror, Leona realizes she is the intended victim."] ['A prisoner is freed from jail after experimental brain surgery removes his criminal instincts and his memory. Will he recall where stashed the $130,000 from a previous heist before his greedy ex-partners take him out? Is the bleached blonde floozie trying to help or after the money herself? What better way to resolve the dilemma than on a high-flying roller coaster?'] ["The film tells of Bruno Felkin  as a San Francisco crime boss. After he kills off a mob rival, he tries to arrange an alibi with his girlfriend Connie Thatcher . However, she isn't available, which forces Felkin to hide out on a fishing boat owned by Hamil Linder  until Connie his moll can be located. Far from the perfect guest, Felkin tries to motivate Linder's son Carl  into doing his dirty work until the police is of his trail. Gradually, however, Felkin, and Connie, become reformed by the decency and humanity of the Linder family. Cop Kelsey  continues to pursue Felkin and might not see things in this new light."] ["Alan Mitchell is a returning Korean War veteran who joins his father Walter's garment company, Roxton Fashions. The firm has been paying protection money to gangsters led by Artie Ravidge to keep the union out. Walter's partner, Fred Kenner, sympathizes with the union's goals. After he tells Walter to sever his ties with the hoodlum enforcers, Kenner is killed when the freight elevator he enters, which was just 'fixed' by one of the hoods disguised as a repairman, plunges 12 stories to the bottom of the shaft. Tulio Renata is a union organizer trying to organize the factory who also later gets murdered by Ravidge's men, and his wife Theresa Renata endures threats against her and their child. Alan Mitchell comes to sympathize with the plight of the workers. When he finally convinces his father to fire the union busting gangsters, Walter is killed and Ravidge attempts to take over the factory. Theresa Renata takes copies of Mitchell's records to the police, who arrest Ravidge."] ['New York City police detective Mark McPherson  is investigating the murder of beautiful, and highly successful, advertising executive, Laura Hunt . Laura has been killed by a shotgun blast to the face, just inside the doorway to her apartment, before the start of the film. He interviews charismatic newspaper columnist Waldo Lydecker , an imperious, decadent dandy, who relates how he met Laura, became her mentor, and used his considerable influence and fame to advance her career. McPherson also questions Laura\'s parasitic playboy fiancé, Shelby Carpenter , her wealthy socialite aunt, Ann Treadwell , who\'d been carrying on with Carpenter and giving him money, and her loyal housekeeper, Bessie Clary . Through the testimony of her friends, and the reading of her letters and diary, McPherson comes to know Laura and slowly becomes obsessed with her, so much so Lydecker accuses him of falling in love with the dead woman. He also learns that Lydecker was jealous of Laura\'s suitors, using his newspaper column and influence to keep them at bay. One night, the detective falls asleep in Laura\'s apartment, under her portrait, and is awakened by the sound of someone entering the apartment. He is shocked to discover it is Laura. Laura finds a dress in her closet belonging to one of her models, Diane Redfern. McPherson concludes that she, Diane Redfern, was the victim, brought there by Carpenter, while Laura was away in the country. Now it becomes even more urgent to unmask the murderer. A party is thrown to welcome Laura\'s return. At the party, McPherson arrests Laura for the murder of Diana Redfern. Upon questioning her, he is convinced of her innocence and that she does not love Shelby. He returns her to her apartment, and then goes to search Lydecker\'s apartment. There he finds a clock that is identical to the one in Laura\'s apartment. On closer examination he finds a secret compartment. He returns to Laura\'s apartment. Lydecker is there and it is apparent there is a growing bond between Laura and the detective. Lydecker insults McPherson and is sent away by Laura. After Lydecker has left, McPherson examines Laura\'s clock and finds the shotgun that killed Diane. Laura is confronted with the truth that Lydecker was the murderer. McPherson locks Laura in to her apartment, warning her not to let any one in. After he has left, Lydecker gains access to the apartment. Lydecker attempts to kill Laura, claiming if he cannot have her, no one can. He is shot down by McPherson\'s sergeant, who had told McPherson that Lydecker had never left the building, causing the two policemen to return to the apartment. Lydecker\'s last words are: "Goodbye, Laura. Goodbye, my love."'] ['Sosa is a lawyer recently expelled from the bar association who works as an ambulance chaser - known as "Carancho" in Argentina - touring the emergency departments of the public hospitals and the police stations, in search of potential clients for his barely-legal law firm. One night he meets Luján, a young paramedic recently arrived from the provinces trying to get an internship as a surgeon. The two start a romantic relationship that is threatened when Sosa breaks his bond with his corrupt boss. When Sosa is about to get back his attorney registration, and while making amends for his bad deeds, he and Luján are attacked by former partners of the firm, initiating an escalation of violence.'] ['Mike Carter  is forced to resign from the Los Angeles Police Department after breaking some rules, and he becomes a bodyguard to wealthy Eugenia Dyson . Before long, Carter has been accused of murder and is being hunted down by his former fellow officers. His file clerk and fiancée Doris Brewster  believes in his innocence, and she is instrumental in cornering the actual killer.'] ['Christine Radcliffe  runs up the stairs of a college concert hall in the rain. The hall is filled with rapt students, and her eyes fill with tears as she recognizes the cellist on stage: Karel Novak  who spent the war trapped in neutral Sweden. After the performance, Novak is mobbed by well-wishers, and a student reporter questions him about his favorite composers. Novak lists some famous ones, then adds, "And, of course, Hollenius." Novak returns to his dressing room, Christine enters and their eyes meet in his mirror. The couple embraces while Christine cries, “I thought you were dead. I saw them kill you.” Karel and Christine return to her apartment. Karel becomes suspicious of the rare artwork on display and the fur coat hanging in the closet. Christine has told Karel that she is living a precarious existence as a pianist but this conflicts with the evidence in the apartment. They marry, but the composer Alexander Hollenius  makes a dramatic entrance at their wedding reception. It is evident he is jealous, and the stress leads him to break a wine glass without deliberate intent. Hollenius soon gives Novak a manuscript score of his new cello concerto, which Novak agrees to perform at its premiere. It becomes apparent to Christine that a cellist in the orchestra, Bertram Gribble ([[John Abbott , is being tutored in the solo part by Hollenius. Suspecting the sabotage of her husband\'s career, she unsuccessfully attempts to bribe Gribble into not co-operating. A friction develops between Novak and Hollenius, and the composer angrily breaks off a dress rehearsal on the grounds of Novak\'s temperamental behavior. On the evening of the premiere, Christine visits Hollenius, who threatens to tell Novak of their love affair. Distraught, Christine shoots him dead. Another conductor, Neilsen, takes the place of the absent Hollenius, and the performance is a great success. While well-wishers wait, Christine confesses everything to her husband, and they leave the concert hall together .'] ['The prison drama tells of Joe Hufford , a man convicted of manslaughter. George Knowland  is the warden who understands Hufford and tries to help him adjust to prison life. Hufford witnesses the murder of an informer by another convict , but he sticks to the prison\'s "silent code" and refuses to talk, even though it means he will be accused of the killing. He is wounded by a guard in a subsequent fight and eventually is locked in solitary confinement. In the end, the real murderer confesses and Hufford escapes the electric chair and into the arms of the warden\'s daughter , with whom he has fallen in love.'] ["In 1945, John J. Macreedy , who lacks the use of his left arm, steps off the Southern Pacific passenger train at the desert hamlet of Black Rock. It is the first time the train has stopped there in four years. Macreedy is looking for a man named Komoko, but the few residents are inexplicably hostile. The young hotel desk clerk, Pete Wirth ([[John Ericson , claims he has no vacant rooms. The newcomer is none-too-subtly threatened by local tough Hector David . Reno Smith , the town's unofficial leader, informs Macreedy that Komoko, as a Japanese-American, was interned during World War II. Certain that something is wrong, Macreedy sees the town sheriff, Tim Horn , but the alcoholic lawman is clearly afraid of Smith. The veterinarian and undertaker, Doc Velie , advises Macreedy to leave town immediately. Smith lets slip that Komoko is dead.  Pete's sister, Liz , rents Macreedy a Jeep. Macreedy drives to nearby Adobe Flats, where Komoko lived. He finds the homestead burned to the ground. On the way back, Coley Trimble  tries to run him off the road. When Smith later asks, Macreedy informs him he lost the use of his left arm fighting in Italy. Macreedy tells him he found wildflowers at the Komoko place, leading him to suspect that a body is buried underneath. Smith reveals that he is virulently anti-Japanese; he tried to enlist the day after the attack on Pearl Harbor, but was rejected. Macreedy tries to telephone the state police, but Pete refuses to put the call through. Doc Velie admits that something terrible happened four years ago and that Smith has everyone too terrified to speak up. Velie offers Macreedy his hearse to leave town, but it will not start. Then Hector comes over and rips out the distributor cap and spark plug wires. Macreedy dictates a telegram to Hastings  addressed to the state police. While Macreedy is having lunch, Trimble picks a fight, but Macreedy uses judo and karate to beat him up and knock him out. Macreedy tells Smith that he knows Smith killed Komoko and that he was too cowardly to do it alone, so he involved Hector, Pete, and Coley. Macreedy heads to the hotel lobby, hoping that Smith and his men won't dare attack him in such a public place. Smith and his henchmen are already there. Hastings tries to give Smith a telegram, but Macreedy snatches it away and discovers that it is his own unsent message. Macreedy and Doc Velie demand that Sheriff Horn do something. When Horn tries to confront Smith, however, Smith takes his badge and gives it to Hector. Hector tears up the telegram. After Smith and Hector leave, Macreedy reveals that the loss of his arm had left him wallowing in self-pity, but Smith's attempt to kill him has given him strength again. Macreedy finally learns what happened after revealing that he came to Black Rock to give Komoko his son's medal. Komoko's son was a soldier serving in Italy and died in combat trying to save Macreedy. Komoko leased some farmland from Smith, who was sure there was no water there. However, Komoko dug a well deep enough to find water, and installed a windmill there. After Smith was turned down for enlistment after Pearl Harbor, he and the other men spent the day drinking, then decided to scare Komoko. The old man barricaded himself inside his home, but the men set the place on fire. When Komoko emerged ablaze, Smith shot him. Pete lures the watching Hector into the hotel office, where Doc Velie knocks him out. Liz drives Macreedy out of town in her Jeep, but stops in a canyon. Macreedy realizes he has been betrayed. When Smith starts firing at him, Macreedy shelters behind the Jeep. Liz rushes to Smith despite Macreedy's warning. Smith tells her she has to die along with the rest of his accomplices. He shoots her in the back when she tries to run. Macreedy finds a bottle and fills it with gasoline from the jeep's fuel line, creating a Molotov cocktail. When Smith climbs down for a better shot, Macreedy throws it, hitting the rock next to Smith and setting him on fire. Macreedy drives up to the town jail with the injured Smith and Liz's body. Velie and Horn rush out; they had mustered up enough courage to jail Hector David and Coley Trimble. The state police are called in. As Macreedy is leaving, Doc Velie requests Komoko's medal to help Black Rock heal. Macreedy gives it to him just before boarding the train."] ["Garfield plays Harry Morgan, a penniless fishing hire proprietor whose business is on the skids and whose family is feeling the economic pinch. He begins to work with a shady lawyer, Duncan , who persuades him to run illegal immigrants into California. Harry also begins a flirtation with Leona Charles . When his plan with Duncan goes wrong, Harry comes even more under the influence of the lawyer, who blackmails him into helping the escape of a gang of crooks, who pull a racetrack heist, by using his fishing boat to get away from authorities. Harry convinces himself that his illegal activities will financially help his family. His wife, Lucy , suspects Harry is breaking the law and urges him to stop for the sake of the family. Harry refuses and walks out. As Harry waits for Duncan and the crooks on his boat, Harry's partner, Wesley Park , arrives. Not wanting Wesley around when the crooks arrive, Harry tries to send him on an errand. The crooks arrive before Wesley leaves, and kill him. Harry is horrified, but is forced at gunpoint to transport the crooks out to open sea without drawing the attention of the Coast Guard. Harry also learns that Duncan was killed during the escape from the heist. Wesley's body is dumped overboard along with Harry's only firearm. Harry uses a ploy to access a gun and kills all the crooks in a dramatic shoot out. Harry, however, is critically wounded. Authorities find his boat the next day and tow it to port. Lucy rushes to Harry's side and tries to convince Harry to allow his arm to be amputated to save his life. Harry reaffirms his love for Lucy and is taken to the hospital. In the final scene, Wesley's son, who was briefly introduced earlier in the film, stands alone on the dock looking around for his father. In the novel Morgan lives with a prostitute and is killed in the end."] ["Honest cop Paul Sheridan  is tasked to recover $200,000 after a bank robbery. He and other officers maintain a 24-hour surveillance on Lona McLane , a girlfriend of one of the robbers. Sheridan quickly falls in love with Lona, who, when she finds out he's a policeman, tries to persuade him to kill Harry Wheeler  so the two can take off with the cash. He initially resists, but eventually agrees. After the killing, Sheridan finds that he also has to betray fellow detective Paddy Dolan and deceive partner Rick McAllister and their boss Lieutenant Eckstrom to cover his tracks. Almost all the action takes place at night in the U-shaped apartment building where Lona and a key eyewitness, neighbor Ann Stewart, both live."] ['The drama tells the story of spoiled and alcoholic millionaire Carson . During a trip to the Mojave Desert Carson breaks his leg after falling off his horse and is abandoned and left to die by Geraldine , his adulterous femme fatale wife, and his deceitful business partner Joseph Duncan . After the accident, Geraldine and Duncan supposedly drive off to seek medical aid for Carson. But, when Carson realizes the truth of his dilemma, he vows to live long enough to exact revenge against his wife and partner.'] ['In wartime San Francisco, chemist and blackmailer Albert Baker  is killed by remorseless hit man Raven , who recovers a stolen chemical formula. Raven is double-crossed by his employer, Willard Gates , who pays him with marked bills and reports them to the Los Angeles Police as stolen from his company, Nitro Chemical. Raven learns of the set up and decides to get revenge. LAPD detective lieutenant Michael Crane ([[Robert Preston , vacationing in San Francisco to visit his girlfriend and nightclub entertainer Ellen Graham , is immediately assigned the case but Raven eludes an attempt at capture. Meanwhile, Gates is set up to hire Ellen to work in his LA nightclub. She is taken to a clandestine meeting with Senator Burnett , where she learns that Gates and Nitro Chemical are under secret investigation as suspected traitors, and is recruited to spy on Gates. Gates and Ellen board a train for Los Angeles, followed by Raven. By chance, the first empty seat Raven can find is beside Ellen\'s. The next morning, Gates is alarmed when he sees them asleep with Raven\'s head on her shoulder. He wires ahead to alert the police, but Raven forces Ellen at gunpoint to help him elude them again. He is about to kill her but is interrupted by workmen, allowing Ellen to flee. She tries to contact Crane, but he has left San Francisco to return to LA. That evening the suspicious Gates invites Ellen to his Hollywood mansion, where his chauffeur Tommy  knocks her unconscious to set up a fake suicide. Crane goes to the mansion looking for Ellen but Gates has already left. While Crane questions Tommy, Raven arrives and hides outside, where he sees Tommy discard Ellen\'s purse, to keep Crane from spotting it. Raven realizes that Ellen is in danger. After Crane leaves, Raven knocks Tommy down a flight of stairs when the chauffeur denies Ellen is still there. Raven searches the house and rescues her. Tommy recovers and warns Gates at his club, where Crane has caught up with him. Raven and Ellen are confronted as they enter the club, so Raven takes her hostage as he flees. She surreptitiously drops monogrammed playing cards as a trail of "breadcrumbs". The police corner them in a railroad yard but wait for daylight to move in. Raven reveals to Ellen that he was orphaned at a young age and raised by an aunt who beat him until he snapped one day and killed her, for which he was imprisoned in reform school. She tells him that the formula he recovered was for a poison gas that Nitro is selling to the Japanese and begs him to extract a signed confession instead of killing Gates. Ellen helps Raven escape the dragnet, hoping she has appealed to his patriotism. However he breaks his promise to her and kills a policeman to get away. Raven arrives as Nitro Chemical conducts a gas attack drill and its employees wear gas masks, obscuring their faces. Gates orders Tommy to guard his door. However Tommy spots Raven and gives chase, but is knocked out. Raven disguises himself in Tommy\'s uniform and gas mask to surprise Gates, forcing him to take him to company president Alvin Brewster , the criminal mastermind. Raven barricades himself with them when the police and Ellen arrive, and coerces both into signing a confession. Brewster dies of a heart attack while trying to kill Raven, who then cold-bloodedly shoots Gates. Crane is lowered on a scaffold and exchanges gunfire with Raven, wounding him. Raven passes up the opportunity to kill Crane when he sees Ellen helping the detective. Other police fatally shoot Raven, but he lives long enough to assure Ellen that he got the confession and receive her assurance that she did not turn him in.'] ["Chuck Tatum is a fiercely ambitious, self-centered, wisecracking, down-on-his-luck reporter who has worked his way down the ladder. He has come west to New Mexico from New York City, along the way being fired from eleven newspapers for slander, adultery, and heavy drinking, among other charges. Now that his car has broken down and Tatum is broke, he talks his way into a reporting job for the Albuquerque Sun-Bulletin, a paper of little consequence. Tatum stays sober and works there uneventfully for a year. Then while unhappily on assignment to cover a rattlesnake hunt, he learns about Leo Minosa, a local man who has become trapped in a cave collapse while gathering ancient Indian artifacts. Sensing a golden opportunity, Tatum manipulates the rescue effort, convincing an unscrupulous sheriff to pressure the construction contractor charged with the rescue into drilling from above, rather than shoring up the existing passages, so that Tatum can prolong his stay on the front pages of newspapers nationwide. Lorraine, the victim's wife, goes along with the reporter's scheme. She is eager to leave Leo and their struggling business in the middle of nowhere, a combination trading post and restaurant. Thanks to the publicity Tatum generates, she experiences a financial windfall, particularly from thousands of tourists who come to witness the rescue. Herbie Cook, the newspaper's young photographer, slowly loses his idealism as he follows Tatum's lead and envisions himself selling pictures to Look or Life. The editor of the Albuquerque Sun-Bulletin tries to talk some sense into his employees, but Tatum quits on the spot, having sold the exclusive rights to his copy to a New York editor for a lot of money and, more importantly, his old job back. Thousands flock to the town. The rescue site literally becomes a carnival, with rides, entertainment, songs about Leo, even games of chance. Tatum begins drinking again. He takes up with Lorraine and is greeted heroically by the crowd each time he returns from visiting poor Leo in the cave. After five days of drilling, the party atmosphere ends abruptly. Upon learning that Leo is fading fast, Tatum belatedly tries to get the contractor to switch back to the quicker procedure of shoring up the walls of the cave, but the vibration from drilling has made this impossible. Leo dies. Tatum has mistreated Leo's wife once too often as well, and she stabs him with a pair of scissors. Tatum barely reaches his old office in Albuquerque, then collapses on the floor as he is about to reveal a big story: how he caused Leo's death."] ['Waking up in London with amnesia next to a dead body, Jack has just enough time and sense to disappear before the police arrive. In an attempt to lie low, he heads to Paris to visit the ex he can’t remember. But a guy like Jack attracts trouble, and an encounter with the mysterious Girl X draws him and the woman he loves back into a world he’s trying hard to avoid … and to remember.'] ["Jack Manfred  is an aspiring writer going nowhere fast. To make ends meet and against his better judgment, he takes a job as a croupier. The interview was set up by his father, a small-time hustler back home in South Africa. Jack finds himself drawn into the casino world, and the job gradually takes over his life, as it apparently had in South Africa. He goes drinking with Matt  a croupier whom he knows is cheating the casino. He sleeps with a fellow croupier named Bella  in contravention to casino policy. His relationship with girlfriend Marion  begins to deteriorate when he lets her read part of his book about a cold, unfeeling croupier who enjoys seeing gamblers lose—a character transparently based on Jack himself. It falls apart completely when Bella confronts Jack at the apartment where he lives with Marion, and accuses him of getting her fired and tells Marion about the one-night stand she had with Jack. Upon hearing the news, Marion breaks up with Jack. One gambler, Jani , tries to befriend Jack—another serious violation of casino rules. Jani shows him bruises she got from gambling creditors and asks Jack to be the inside man for a planned robbery at the casino. All he has to do is raise the alarm when a gambler cheats at his table. Jack eventually agrees and accepts a £10,000 advance against an additional £10,000 if all goes well. In doing so, Jack realizes that Jani's injuries were faked. Marion reconciles with Jack but discovers that he is involved in something criminal and tries to foil it. On the night of the robbery, Jack raises the alarm anyway and gets beaten by the gambler as a distraction while others try to grab the money. They fail, and Jack and Marion have an argument but she stays with him. When a late-night knock at the door comes, Jack assumes it to be the casino robbers demanding their advance money. Instead, it is a policeman, who informs him that Marion has been killed in an apparent hit-and-run. Jack finishes his book and gets it published anonymously. It is a big success, but he doesn't change anything about his life, continuing to work as a croupier and live in his basement flat, not even buying the new car he wanted. Jack goes on with his life and gets another call, this one from Jani, who congratulates him on playing his part in the attempted robbery and implies that she benefited significantly. Then she puts his father on the phone, and he implies that he set up the croupier job for Jack in order to arrange for the attempted robbery, and he benefited as well. Stunned but amused, Jack hangs up. Just then, Bella appears from the bedroom and kisses him."] ["Bud Corliss  is an ambitious student who is wooing Dorothy Kingship  purely for her father's mining fortune. When he discovers that Dorothy is pregnant with his child, he realizes she is quite likely to be disinherited by her wealthy family. He assures Dorothy that he'll take care of her, yet he hesitates when Dorothy insists on marrying. Bud then murders Dorothy and stages it in a way that it appears to be a suicide. He then reaches out to her sister Ellen  with the hopes of marrying her in order to ingratiate himself with her father. After a couple of months Ellen finds evidence to question the suicide verdict, and then discovers Bud knew Dorothy. Ellen struggles to avenge her sister and save her own life."] ["Three strangers arrive at the port of Macao on the same ship: Nick Cochran , a cynical-but-honest ex-serviceman, Julie Benson , an equally cynical, sultry night club singer, and Lawrence Trumble , a traveling salesman who deals in both silk stockings and contraband. Corrupt police lieutenant Sebastian  notifies casino owner and underworld boss Vincent Halloran  about the new arrivals. Halloran has tipped off about an undercover New York City policeman out to lure him into international waters so he can be arrested. With only three strangers to choose from, Halloran assumes Nick is the cop. He tries to bribe a puzzled Nick to leave Macao, but Nick is interested in getting to know Julie better and turns him down. Halloran hires Julie as a singer, in part to find out what she knows about Nick. Later, Trumble offers Nick a commission to help him sell a stolen diamond necklace. However, when Nick shows Halloran a diamond from the necklace, Halloran recognizes it; he had sent the jewelry to Hong Kong only a week earlier to be sold. Now sure of Nick's identity, he has the American taken prisoner for later questioning. Nick is guarded by two thugs and Halloran's jealous girlfriend, Margie . Worried that Halloran is planning to dump her for Julie, Margie lets Nick escape, with the two guards close behind. When Trumble happens on the late-night chase, he tries to help Nick and is killed, mistaken by the thugs for Nick. Before he dies, he tells Nick about the police boat waiting offshore. When Nick tries to get Julie to go away with him, he learns that Halloran has invited her on a trip to Hong Kong . With this information, Nick is able to dispose of Halloran's murderous henchman, Itzumi , and take the helm of Halloran's boat. He steers for the waiting police and hands Halloran over to them."] [' In an abandoned river boat in Devil\'s Bayou, Penny, a young orphan, drops a message in a bottle containing a plea for help into the river. The bottle is carried out to sea and washes up in New York City, where it is recovered by the Rescue Aid Society, an international mouse organization inside the United Nations. The Hungarian representative, Miss Bianca, volunteers to accept the case and chooses Bernard, a stammering janitor who has triskaidekaphobia, as her co-agent. The two visit Morningside Orphanage, where Penny lived, and meet an old cat named Rufus. He tells them about a woman named Madame Medusa who once tried to lure Penny into her car and may have succeeded in abuducting Penny this time. The mice travel to Medusa\'s pawn shop, where they discover that she and her partner, Mr. Snoops, are on a quest to find the world\'s largest diamond, the Devil\'s Eye. They also discover that Mr. Snoops is in the Devil\'s Bayou with Penny, whom they have indeed kidnapped. With the help of an albatross named Orville, and a dragonfly named Evinrude, the mice follow Medusa to the bayou. There, they learn that Penny was captured to enter a hole that leads down into the pirates\' cave where the Devil\'s Eye is located. Miss Bianca\'s perfume inadvertently attracts the attention of Medusa\'s pet alligators, Brutus and Nero. Bernard and Miss Bianca flee and find Penny. The arrival of the two mice raises her morale. Together, the three devise a plan, which is put into action on the following day. Wanting to escape tonight, Bernard orders Evinrude to get Ellie Mae and the other local animals who loathe Medusa, which he accepts. However, in the middle of his quest, Evinrude is thwarted by a flock of hungry bats, delaying him. The following morning, Medusa and Mr Snoops send Penny down into a pirate\'s cave to find the gem, with Miss Bianca and Bernard hiding in her skirt pocket. The three soon find the Devil\'s Eye within a pirate skull; as Penny pries the mouth open with a sword, the mice push it out from within, but soon the oceanic tide rises and floods the cave. Miss Bianca, Penny, and Bernard barely manage to retrieve the diamond and escape. Medusa steals the diamond for herself, attempting to run off with the diamond, leaving Snoops without any shares, and hides it in Penny\'s teddy bear. When she trips over a cable set as a trap by Bernard and Bianca, Medusa loses the bear to Penny, who runs away with it. After a struggle with Snoops who already turned to her, Medusa retaliates with gunfire, causing the mice to flee until they are met by Brutus and Nero. With help from Ellie Mae and the other animals, Bernard and Miss Bianca trick them into entering a cage-like elevator, trapping them. Two of the gang set off Mr. Snoops\'s fireworks, making the boat sink. Meanwhile Penny and the mice commandeer Medusa\'s "Swampmobile", a motor-boat used by Medusa to travel in the swamp and resembling the front clip Ford Model T body mounted to a small boat, with a single tractor seat for the driver. They get it moving using Luke\'s homemade moonshine as fuel, while Medusa unsuccessfully pursues them, and is left clinging to the boat\'s smoke stacks with Brutus and Nero trying to eat her below  while Snoops is seen rafting away while laughing. Back in New York, the Rescue Aid Society watch TV to hear that the Devil\'s Eye is given to the Smithsonian Institution and Penny is adopted by a new father and mother. Bernard and Miss Bianca remain partners in the Rescue Aid Society\'s Missions. Soon there is another call for help and they depart on Orville, accompanied by Evinrude, to a new rescue mission.'] ["Cheryl Draper , an ex-Nazi, sets up the woman to make her seem insane and she's locked up in a mental institution. With the aid of a sympathetic yet skeptical Police Lt. Lawrence Mathews , the woman is released and confronts the killer."] ["Johnny Clay  is a veteran criminal planning one last heist before settling down and marrying Fay . He plans to rob two million dollars from the money-counting room of a racetrack during a featured race. He assembles a team consisting of a corrupt cop , a betting window teller  to give access to the backroom, a sharpshooter  to shoot the favorite horse during the race to distract the crowd, a wrestler  to provide another distraction by provoking a fight at the track bar, and a track bartender . George Peatty, the teller, tells his wife Sherry  about the impending robbery. Sherry is bitter at George for not delivering on the promises of wealth he made her at the time of their marriage, and George hopes that telling her about the robbery will placate and impress her. Sherry does not believe him at first but, after learning that the robbery is real, she enlists her lover Val Cannon  to steal the money from George and his associates. The heist is successful, although the sharpshooter is shot and killed by the police. The conspirators gather at the apartment where they are to meet Johnny and divide the money. Before Johnny arrives, Val appears and holds them up. A shootout ensues and a badly wounded George is the sole survivor. He goes home and shoots Sherry before dying. Johnny, on his way to the apartment, sees George staggering in the street and knows that something is wrong. He buys the biggest suitcase he can find to put the money in , and he and Fay go to the airport. At the airport however, they are told that they aren't allowed to take the suitcase along as hand luggage because of its size, and instead have to check it in as regular luggage. Johnny reluctantly complies. While waiting to board their plane, they watch as the suitcase falls off a cart, breaks open and the loose banknotes are swept away by the wind. They leave the airport but are unsuccessful at finding a cab. Fay urges Johnny to flee but he refuses, stating that there is no use trying to escape. The film ends with two officers coming to arrest him."] ['Crane Stewart , the editor of the New York Star, while playing poker with his friends, tells a story about a cop involved in a murder investigation. In flashback, the editor tells the tale of police lieutenant Tony Cochrane , a family man who cheats on his wife with socialite femme fatale Jill Merrill . Cochrane and the woman, who is also cheating on her husband, witness a man bludgeoning his girlfriend to death with a tire iron while the couple is parked at "lovers lane" by the beach. The two can\'t report the crime without revealing their cheating, a dilemma which eventually leads to bigger troubles. Meanwhile, Cochrane must investigate the killing but is not able to tell anyone he witnessed the crime.'] ["Thomas Vlassenroot, a citizen of Luxembourg, after his divorce, decides to enlist in the French Foreign Legion.cinema-francais.fr He is posted to Algeria but during the 1961 uprising he becomes disllusioned and deserts. Lieutenant Fraser entices Thomas to join the OAS and also to take part in a plan to kidnap lawyer Dominique Servet by promising him enough money to enable him to return to his home in Luxembourg. Dominique Servet is in Algiers defending Algerian nationalists in court and this has made her a target. While in France he takes the train back to his hometown but during a stop in Lyon he disembarks because he needs to see Dominique again. He finds her at her home and she nurses him when she discovers how badly injured he is but his enemies are not far behind and finally track him down and they threaten both of them with death. He enters his home and finds his little girl sitting at the table. He finally collapses on the floor from his unattended wounds and dies while passing his hand over his face as if to close his eyes. Dominique still waiting outside the fence cries out his name. The film closes on a silent black screen with Thomas Vlassenroot's name and dates of birth and death."] ["Ivy Lexton  is a woman with a hunger to seduce men. Though she already has a husband, Jervis , and is having an affair with Dr. Roger Gretorex , Ivy becomes obsessed with wealthy Miles Rushworth , and is determined to have him. However, Miles shows no interest because she's a married woman, which angers Lexton. Bored with her monotonous marriage, Ivy plans on poisoning her husband then pinning the blame on Roger so she may run off with Miles. Inspector Orpington  is called to investigate Jervis' mysterious death."] ["Two doctors discuss the case of a man who identifies himself as Ward Andrews. This man escapes from a mental institution. His doctors call the police, because outwardly the man may seem sane, but underneath, he suffers from paranoia and is capable of murder. Phillip Monrell ([[Robert Montgomery  and his former college roommate Ward Andrews  arrive at the Monrell home, where they meet Phillip's mother's secretary, Stella Bergen . They are both strongly attracted to her. She prefers the more responsible, hardworking Ward, but ends up marrying the idle Phillip instead. Phillip is put in charge of the family steel mill, but is not suited for the job. He begins to exhibit signs of mental illness, particularly abnormal jealousy of any competition for his wife's affections. Despite this, he hires Ward to be the chief engineer at the mill. Eventually, Phillip's paranoid suspicion that Ward and Stella love each other drives him to try to kill his rival at work. Ward confronts him and quits. Stella, convinced that her husband is insane, leaves him and meets Ward. Phillip phones them and promises to grant her a divorce if Ward will talk with him in person. Despite Stella's misgivings, Ward agrees to see him. However, Phillip provokes a loud argument and Ward leaves. Afterwards, the madman kills himself, carefully framing Ward for the crime. Ward is arrested, convicted of murder and sentenced to be executed. A frantic Stella is unable to convince anyone of his innocence. The day before the execution, she is visited by Dr. Rameau , a psychiatrist who had been treating Phillip. He is convinced that Phillip committed suicide and that he would have left some message bragging about it. They go to the Monrell mansion and start searching. Mrs. Monrell  reveals that her son kept diaries; then, Clark , the butler, recalls that he mailed a package to Paris. They take a flight to France and find the book, which exonerates Ward."] ["The story tells the story of Harry Fabian , a two-bit hustler who dreams of the good life provided by money. He's tried a lot of go-nowhere schemes but he has what he believes is a chance of a lifetime. He plans to take control of the professional wrestling game from promoter and underworld boss Kristo  by manipulating him through his father, the retired wrestling superstar Gregorius ."] [' At the Central Park Zoo in Manhattan, New York City, Serbian-born fashion designer Irena Dubrovna makes sketches of a black panther. She catches the attention of marine engineer Oliver Reed, who strikes up a conversation. Irena invites him to her apartment for tea. As they walk away, one of Irena\'s discarded sketches is revealed as a panther impaled by a sword. At her apartment, Oliver is intrigued by a statue of a medieval warrior on horseback impaling a large cat with his sword. Irena informs Oliver that the figure is King John of Serbia and that the cat represents evil. According to legend, long ago the Christian residents of her home village gradually turned to witchcraft and devil worship after being enslaved by the Mameluks. When King John drove the Mameluks out and saw what the villagers had become, he had them killed. However, "the wisest and the most wicked" escaped into the mountains. Oliver buys her a kitten, but upon meeting her it hisses. They go to the pet shop to exchange it as they enter the animals go wild in her presence. The shopkeeper says that animals can sense things about people. It gradually becomes clear that Irena believes she is descended from them, and that she fears that she will transform into a panther if aroused to passion. While she was growing up, the other children had called her mother a cat person and her father had died mysteriously. Despite her odd beliefs, Oliver persuades her to marry him. However, during the dinner after their wedding at a Serbian restaurant, a woman walks over and asks Irena if she is "мојa сестрa" . Fearing something evil within her and dreading what could happen, Irena avoids sleeping with her husband. He persuades her to see a psychiatrist, Dr. Louis Judd, who tries to convince her that her fears are of a more mundane nature. When she discovers that Oliver has confided their marital problems to his attractive assistant, Alice Moore, she feels betrayed. At work, Alice confesses to Oliver that she loves him. One night, Irena sees Oliver and Alice seated together at a restaurant. She follows Alice as she walks home alone through one of the Central Park transverses . Alice becomes increasingly uneasy, sensing an unseen someone or something behind her. Just as she hears a menacing sound, a bus pulls up, and she hastily boards it. Soon after, several sheep are killed. The bloodied pawprints leading away turn into imprints of a woman\'s shoes. Later, when Alice decides to take a dip in the basement swimming pool of her apartment building, she is stalked by an animal shown only by its shadow. She jumps into the pool, using the water to keep the creature at bay. When Alice screams for help, Irena turns on the lights and claims to be looking for Oliver. Alice emerges, wondering if she had imagined the whole thing, until she finds her robe torn to shreds. After a talk with Dr. Judd, Irena tells Oliver she is no longer afraid, but it is too late; Oliver has realized that he loves Alice and is getting a divorce. Later, at work, he and Alice are cornered by a ferocious animal. Thinking quickly, he grabs his T-square  and tells Irena to go away. After it leaves, Alice calls Dr. Judd to warn him to stay away from Irena, but he hangs up when the woman shows up. Attracted to her, he makes the fatal mistake of kissing her. She transforms into a panther and kills him, though he manages to wound her in the shoulder with the sword concealed in his cane. Oliver and Alice arrive a few minutes too late. Irena slips away, back in her human shape, and goes to the zoo. There, she opens the panther\'s cage and allows herself to be killed.'] ['An obsessive lawman  who works for the state chases an escaped fugitive  through the Louisiana bayou.'] ["The movie begins when Tommy ([[DMX  and Sincere , along with fellow crew members Mark and Black, rob a nightclub. After dropping Black off, the others go to Tommy's house to hide out for a while. Their noise wakes up Keisha , Tommy's girlfriend, who is trying to sleep. Sincere says that he too is tired, and he and Mark leave soon after. Sincere returns to his house, where his wife Tionne  and baby Kenya wait. Back at Tommy's house, Tommy learns of a new, potent form of heroin that is making its way to America. After a passionate night with their women, Tommy and Sincere meet early in the morning and Tommy tells Sincere about the new drug, and also how much money they could make if they got involved with Tommy's friend Ox, a drug lord who is receiving shipments. Reluctantly, Sincere agrees. At Mark's grandmother's basement, Tommy talks to an associate, Knowledge, over the phone while Sincere confronts Black about the money and being disrespectful. Black is beaten up and pistol whipped by Tommy, who then forces Black to strip naked in front of everyone while firing at least 3 shots to the ground. Black sits on the couch crying. The duo, along with some of their friends from the neighborhood, including Knowledge and Mark, start transporting drugs  from Queens to Omaha, and begin to take over the drug scene there. This is met with jealousy from a local drug dealer named Big Head Rico , who informs the police of their activities. This results in a raid at their stash-house, in which Mark is critically injured and Knowledge getting arrested. Knowledge calls back home from the local jail and is told by Keisha that Tommy isn't there, nor should he have called home since the FBI had placed wire taps on their phone. Knowledge gets angry that Tommy won't come to bail him out, and calls up Shameek aka Father Sha , to not only infiltrate Rico's gang and to kill Rico, but to handle Tommy. While at a strip club in Omaha, Shameek confronts Rico and informs him that Knowledge sent him here to check him and others. When Rico tries to run, Shameek shoots and kills Rico as well as some members of his crew. While reloading his guns, the bartender shoots Sha with a shotgun out the club and Shameek manages to escape from the cops with injury. Meanwhile, Tommy goes to Jamaica with Ox, and kills Sosa, the son of a drug lord there, at a stoplight while dressed as a homeless man, as a favor to Ox. Meanwhile back in Tommy's house, Keisha is arrested by police and later bailed out by Tionne. Later when the deceased's family and friends finds out that is was Ox who ordered the hit, Pelpa, the gang's leader and close friend of Sosa, sends a hit squad to kill him in his home, and Ox is able to kill them all before a femme fatale named Chiquita swoops down from his top floor and slits his throat. While this is going on, Sincere has been trying to get out of the drug game and move his girlfriend and child to Africa, despite Tommy's jokes that he was getting soft for wanting to leave. They make plans to leave on New Years, 2000. However, now Sincere is suspicious of Tommy; since the Omaha incident, Tommy has been on the run and was caught in Atlanta, GA, along with two young dealers from the neighborhood, Wise and LaKid, selling weed. One night at dinner, Tommy instigates an argument between Wise and LaKid, in which causes both men to draw out their guns and LaKid shoots Wise dead. Tommy, who is too drunk and high, gets arrested and later released. Sincere feels that Tommy would give him up to save himself. This was not the case. Tommy was chosen by federal agents to assassinate a black Muslim leader, Rev. Saviour,  who had been preaching against the government on New Year's Eve. Later on, Sincere talks with his friend, Shorty about what is going on lately and getting out the drug game. Tionne later comes home from shopping only to find Shameek and a few other men waiting for her inside and when he asks for Sincere and Tommy, Tionne draws out her gun while they draw out theirs, but decide to spare her life and leave. Later while talking to a friend ([[AZ  outside a barbershop, Black and an accomplice confront Sincere and shoots him in the leg, which causes Sincere to shoot both Black and his accomplice dead and takes off. On New Years' Eve, Tommy confronts the leader in his study before he was to make a massive speech of hope and points his gun at him. The leader convinces Tommy not to go through with his mission, even though it was betraying the government and now putting his life at risk. At the same time, Shameek visits Keisha's home, in the hopes of finding Tommy there. Shameek slaps Keisha around, but Keisha is able to grab his gun right before he was going to kill her, turning the gun on him instead of her. Sincere, having known everything that was going on, and surviving an attempt on his life too by his old friend Black, takes that moment to get out of New York as his family starts life over in Africa."] ["In a small Midwestern town a man is found dead. Dennis O'Keefe plays an insurance investigator looking into the apparent suicide. All clues leads him into suspecting murder. Unfortunately, no one wants to assist him with the case, including Sheriff Larry Best . Finally, attractive local girl Anita  breaks the silence and helps investigator Donovan solve the case."] ['An intern is shot mysteriously on an East River pier adjoining Bellevue Hospital. The chief investigating detective views this as a difficult case, so with the cooperation of the Commissioner of Hospitals he assigns a detective who had been a medical corpsman, Fred Rowan of the Confidential Squad, to go undercover as intern "Fred Gilbert." Rowan becomes involved with the attractive nurse Ann Sebastian , and also becomes friendly with the popular elevator operator, Pop Ware . Ware, who works part-time taking bets, seems initially to be a benign character. But it becomes apparent that Ware has been loaning money to the interns, including the slain intern and another intern, Rowan\'s roommate Steve Anderson , who is depressed and commits suicide. Rowan deliberately loses money betting with Ware, and Ware says that Rowan can pay off his bet by stealing "white stuf" -- narcotics. Rowan plays along, encouraged by Ann Sebastian. He stops providing drugs to Ware. Ware tries to kill Rowan, and is shot in a shootout on the roof of the hospital. Investigators find that the nurse was worked as a courier for Ware. The movie ends with Rowan, turning aside pleas from Ann, placing her under arrest.'] ['In this Americanized remake of the 1931 German film of the same name, both the police and the criminal underworld stalk a mysterious killer who preys on small children.'] ['After the end of World War II, a former P.O.W., Canadian RCAF flyer Laurence Gerard , returns to France to discover who ordered the killing of his bride of only 20 days, a member of the French Resistance. His father-in-law Etienne Rougon identifies Vichy collaborator Marcel Jarnac. He supposedly died in 1943, but Rougon has strong doubts. Jarnac was so careful about maintaining his anonymity, there is not even a description of him on record. Gerard finds the partially burned front page of a dossier on Jarnac and an envelope addressed to Madame Jarnac in the rubble of the home of Jarnac\'s closest associate. The return address on the envelope indirectly allows Gerard to track the widow to Buenos Aires, Argentina. When he arrives, Gerard is met at the airport by Melchior Incza , a stranger who appears to know all too much about him. The suspicious Canadian initially rejects Incza\'s offer of help, but cannot turn down his invitation to a party hosted by wealthy businessman Tomas Camargo  for the opportunity to mingle with Mme Jarnac\'s social set. There he meets Camargo\'s uncle, Manuel Santana , and the widow herself . When Gerard later questions Mme Jarnac in her hotel room, she refuses to cooperate, so he starts openly following her. Santana asks him to desist, for reasons he will not divulge. Later, Gerard finds a suspicious valet, Diego , tidying up his hotel room at an odd hour. Eventually, Mme Jarnac agrees to provide him with the information he desires. A letter is delivered to him informing him that Jarnac is leaving the country that night, and the address where "Ernest Dubois"  is staying. Gerard is only stopped from shooting the wrong man in cold blood by the timely intervention of Santana and Diego. It turns out that they are after not only Jarnac, but his secret Nazi organization as well. The letter was a forgery; Mme Jarnac is an innocent woman paid to marry a man she has never seen. Gerard fools Incza into believing he has the full dossier compiled by Jarnac\'s associate. Incza breaks into the hotel safe, but the papers are not there. He then arranges for Gerard to be kept occupied, waiting for a phantom meeting with Camargo, while he searches his hotel room. When he is interrupted by Diego, he shoots the valet. Gerard is taken in by the police as a murder suspect, but a waiter verifies he was with Senora Camargo  at the time. Still, Gerard is given 48 hours to leave the country. When Incza tells him that Jarnac will be seeing Camargo at his old office, Gerard decides to stake out a place Mme Jarnac recalls was once their meeting place. It is a trap. Gerard is captured, and Jarnac  finally makes his appearance. Incza confirms he works for Jarnac, but is killed for talking too much. Gerard is to die as well, with Camargo as a witness that the two men killed each other. Camargo objects to becoming involved, but Jarnac threatens him with a paper in his possession. Gerard seizes the distraction to overpower Jarnac. He punches Jarnac repeatedly, and is only stopped by the arrival of Santana and Dubois. To their disappointment, Jarnac is dead, but Gerard shows them the paper detailing Jarnac\'s connection to Camargo; Santana states there appears to be enough there to expose the entire organization.'] ['Naive American engineer Howard Graham  is taken by a fellow employee to an Istanbul nightclub, where he becomes attracted to dancer Josette Martel . An attempt to murder him results in the death of an unfortunate magician instead. When Colonel Haki  of the Turkish police investigates, he discovers that Graham is vital to the upgrading of the Turkish navy and that the Nazis have assigned Peter Banat  to dispose of him. Haki arranges a supposedly secret passage for Graham on a tramp steamer. Among his fellow passengers are Josette and her partner Gogo Martel  ... and Banat. Unable to convince the captain  to turn around, Graham is trapped aboard the ship, not knowing whom he can trust. When the ship arrives in Batumi, Banat and his confederates take Graham away in a car to murder him. A fortunate flat tire forces a stop in a crowded street, enabling Graham to escape. He makes his way through a thunderstorm to the hotel where his wife Stephanie  is waiting for him, only to find his enemies there also. Graham escapes through the hotel window where the climactic scenes play out with Graham, the Nazis and Colonel Haki  in a tense chase and gun battle on the hotel ledge in the pouring rain.'] ["Debutante Nikki Collins, an enthusiastic reader of detective stories, witnesses a murder in a building while passing by on a train entering New York's Grand Central Station. She goes to the police, but is frustrated to find that no one believes her. The police think that her story is the product of an overactive imagination. Undaunted, Nikki approaches mystery writer Wayne Morgan  to help her solve the mystery. She identifies the murdered man as Josiah Waring, a ruthless millionaire businessman, after seeing him on a cinema screen. She is then mistaken by the 'grieving' family  as Margo Martin, a nightclub singer and his fiancee, who stands to inherit the bulk of his fortune. But the real Margo is murdered and Nikki must stay one step ahead of two disinherited cousins out to kill her."] ["American army deserter turned criminal on the run, Eddy Roback, is being chased through the streets of Paris. The fugitive finds his old girlfriend, Denise Vernon  and tries to get money from her in an attempt to get across the border to Belgium. The girlfriend's friend, an American crime reporter , as well as a country-wide man hunt become obstacles Roback must get past in order to escape. While trying to raise him money, Denise finds him a hiding place in the studio of a lecherous photographer Max Salva, who may have turned Roback in."] ['A married 19-year-old  named Marie Allen is sent to prison, after a botched armed robbery attempt with her equally young husband, Tom . While receiving her prison physical, she finds out that she is two months pregnant. Despite the hardships she is put through under Matron Evelyn Harper , she gives birth to a healthy baby and wants to "temporarily" grant full custody to her mother. The intent is to get the baby back after she is released. However, her mother informs Marie that her callous step-father has decided that under no circumstances will he allow the baby into his house, and she uses the excuses that she\'s "too old" and "hasn\'t a penny in [her] name" as reasons why she can\'t leave him and help Marie. The prison forces her to permanently give the child up for adoption. Marie never sees her baby again. After her exposure to hardened criminals and sadistic prison guards, by the end of the film she leaves prison a hardened woman with debts to the criminals who helped get her released from jail.'] [" En route to meet his fiancée, Katherine Grant , Joe Wilson  is arrested on flimsy circumstantial evidence for the kidnapping of a child. Gossip soon travels around the small town, growing more distorted through each retelling, until a mob gathers at the jail. When the resolute sheriff ([[Edward Ellis  refuses to give up his prisoner, the enraged townspeople burn down the building. The district attorney  brings the main perpetrators to trial for murder, but nobody is willing to identify the guilty, and several provide alibis. The case seems hopeless, but then the prosecutor produces hard evidence: newsreel footage of twenty-two people caught in the act. However, Katherine is troubled by one piece of evidence. The defense attorney had tried to get his clients off by claiming that there was no proof Joe was killed, but an anonymous letter writer had returned a partially melted ring belonging to Joe. Katherine notices that a word is misspelled just as Joe used to spell it. She discovers that Joe escaped the fire and that Joe's brothers are helping him get his revenge. She goes to see Joe and pleads with him to stop the charade, but he is determined to make his would-be killers pay. However, his conscience starts preying on him and, in the end, just as the verdicts are being read, he walks into the courtroom and sets things straight."] ["During a weekend side-trip to Reno, Nevada, college friends Brick , Al , Ronnie  and Roy , visit the famous casino Harold's Club. After an hour spent gambling and socializing, the group prepares to leave. Ronnie, however, has lost money playing roulette, and must cash in a check at the cashier's window. He is accompanied there by Roy but, unbeknownst to either of them, the cashier is being threatened by a man with a gun. Using a concealed security alarm, the cashier alerts casino officials who then converge on the window believing that Roy and Ronnie are also involved in the gunman's attempted robbery. All three are apprehended. Outside the casino moments later, Al persuades the police to release Roy and Ronnie, but the inquisitive Ronnie has already become obsessed with the concept of a spectacular casino robbery, and he abruptly begins forming his own plans to rob Harold's Club after he overhears a bystander lament, “There's no way it  can be done.” Once back at college, the incident is seemingly forgotten, though Ronnie immediately begins developing his plans in earnest whilst the others are preoccupied by the beginning of the new term. Al is also preoccupied by his desire to reestablish his relationship with his girlfriend, Kaye , who has recently become a singer at a local nightclub. Determined to see her perform, Al takes Brick, Roy and Ronnie to see one of Kaye's first shows. After the performance, Brick, a Korean War veteran, is provoked into fighting a fellow student over a former girlfriend and, afterward, he suffers from the effects of a dissociative psychotic episode due to an ongoing battle with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder . Later in the night, Al encourages a distraught Brick to return to a veteran’s hospital for treatment, but he refuses. Together, the two agree to move on.  Some time later, Ronnie finalizes an actual plan to rob Harold’s Club. Claiming that the robbery would be an adventurous “first” [experience] in their otherwise ordinary lives, Ronnie reveals the plan to Brick and Roy. Ronnie then maintains that if the robbery were a success, all the stolen money would be returned, thereby ensuring that no one involved would be guilty of a prosecutable crime. Though initially skeptical, Brick and Roy gradually abandon their misgivings. The wealthy Ronnie then uses his personal inheritance funds to purchase an untraceable trailer and car and fabricate a wooden cart that is identical to the cash carts used at Harold's — the most important component of the heist. Though his preparations are complete, Ronnie determines that the robbery can only go ahead if Al is present for it, since he maintains that at least four people will be needed for the dangerously complex operation. But Brick, Roy and Ronnie agree that Al will not go along with the robbery if he is made aware of it beforehand. Coincidentally, the day before the robbery, Al proposes to Kaye, and they decide to go to Reno with the others to celebrate their engagement. On the way to Reno, Al recognizes the cart's design while riding in the trailer and inadvertently triggers play of a sinister audio recording somehow connected to a button on the cart's handle and played through a small reel-to-reel recorder hidden inside the cart itself. The message reveals Ronnie's robbery plans to Kaye and Al. Shocked, they refuse to participate. Brick then intervenes. Pulling a hidden revolver from his baggage, Brick seizes control of the robbery. Fearing a life of destitution and confinement, the increasingly volatile and disturbed Brick explains that the robbery will go ahead as intended, despite Al and Kaye’s objections, but with one significant exception: the money will not be returned to the casino. Additionally, Brick promises to kill Al if anyone attempts to sabotage the plan. Once they arrive at the casino, the robbery is carried out efficiently as Reno’s casino district is filled with costumed partiers celebrating a distracting cowboy-themed fête, and in the chaotic festivities the disguised Brick, Ronnie and Al blend into the crowd, going completely unnoticed by casino security while convincing a cart operator  to retrieve cash from the casino's money room through a clever ploy — using the prerecorded message on the tape recorder inside the counterfeit cart to frighten the man into playing along. After the final moments of the robbery, Brick leaves the others behind and escapes with the money but is pursued, by Al, into a casino parking structure. Kaye, having alerted police, follows them, and a tense standoff takes place. Ultimately, Al convinces Brick to give up peacefully and the gathered police officers escort Brick from the scene while promising to treat him fairly. No one else is arrested and, in the final shot, Al and Kaye embrace on a crowded street."] ["The film centers around a five-year-old black girl, Carolyn, who falls in to an abandoned, overgrown well whilst picking flowers on her way to school one morning. Carolyn's parents seek assistance from Sheriff Ben Kellogg  to help find their daughter. Carolyn's disappearance causes anger and confusion in the community, and various rumors quickly spread amongst the white and black populations when a white stranger, Claude Packard , is arrested on suspicion of the child's disappearance. Packard, a mining engineer, is in town visiting his uncle, Sam Packard, a well-known local businessman, who attempts to use his influence to get his nephew out of police custody. This inflames the racial tension further, and when he is approached by relatives of the missing girl outside the police station, he suffers a heart attack but which spreads amongst the white population as a racial attack. Things quickly get out of hand as various black and white gangs starting attacking one another. The Sheriff requests that the mayor order state assistance to put down the potentially serious disturbances and readies voluntary deputies to break up the growing white mob at Sam Packard's warehouse. Before events can spiral out of control, Carolyn is found alive in the well but cannot be easily extracted. It takes the combined effort of all the townsfolk, and the visiting mining engineer, to safely rescue the small girl and return her to her family."] ["Down on his luck, professional gambler Dan Milner  accepts a mysterious job for $50,000. He is told to take a charter flight to Morro's Lodge, an isolated Mexican resort, where he will receive further instructions. Milner is attracted to the only other passenger, Lenore Brent . When he arrives, Milner finds that several guests at the luxurious Baja California resort have hidden agendas. He is disappointed to find that Lenore is the girlfriend of famous movie actor Mark Cardigan . Milner overhears two guests, self-proclaimed author Martin Krafft  and a man named Thompson , planning something which he suspects involves him. When Milner confronts them, he is given $10,000 and told that someone is on his way to Baja to see him. Seemingly drunk Bill Lusk  flies in, despite warnings of very dangerous storm conditions. Milner thinks he must be the contact, but when the two are alone, Lusk claims to be an undercover agent for the Immigration and Naturalization Service. He tells Milner that the U.S. government suspects that underworld boss Nick Ferraro , deported to Italy four years earlier, is scheming to get back into the country posing as Milner. The two men are a close physical match and Milner is a loner, so no one is likely to miss him. Krafft turns out to be a plastic surgeon. Meanwhile, Cardigan's wife Helen  and his personal manager Gerald Hobson  show up. She had gone to Reno to get a divorce, not really intending to go through with it, as she is still fond of her husband. Hobson also thinks it is a poor idea because Cardigan's film contract is expiring and the bad publicity would make it hard to get a new one. With her own plans ruined, Lenore confesses to Milner that she is really just a singer looking to hook a wealthy spouse. Milner shows his softer side when he helps unhappy newlywed Jennie Stone  by cheating at poker to win back her husband's gambling losses from investment broker Myron Winton . Lusk sneaks into Thompson's room, but is caught and killed. Milner and Lenore stumble upon his body dumped on the beach. Milner is convinced that the dead man must have been telling the truth. That night, Thompson and his men take Milner to a newly arrived yacht. Milner is able to pass along a veiled plea for help to Lenore. She persuades Cardigan, who is tired of just pretending to be a hero, to help out. While the actor keeps the pursuing mobsters pinned down with his hunting rifle, Milner sneaks back onto the boat, knowing that the only way out of his mess is to deal with Ferraro once and for all. He is caught and brought to the crime lord. After killing two of the thugs and wounding and capturing Thompson, Cardigan mounts a rescue with the reluctant assistance of the Mexican police and a couple of the more adventurous guests. A gunfight breaks out aboard the boat, followed by a melee. Milner manages to break free and shoot Ferraro dead."] ['The film is set in 1930s West Virginia, along the Ohio River. Ben Harper ([[Peter Graves  is sentenced to hang for his part in a robbery in which two men were killed. Before he is caught he hides the stolen money, trusting only his son John , the main character of the story, with the money\'s location. John has a much younger sister, Pearl . Reverend Harry Powell , a serial killer and self-appointed preacher with the two words "LOVE" and "HATE" tattooed across the knuckles of his right and left hands, shares a prison cell with Harper. He tries to get Harper to tell him the hiding place before his execution, but the only clue he gets is a Bible verse Harper mutters in his sleep: "And a little child shall lead them."  Convinced that Harper told his children the secret, Powell woos and marries Harper\'s widow, Willa . Willa does not know her new husband\'s motive and believes her marriage will lead to her salvation. Powell asks the children about the money when they are alone, but they reveal nothing. John is suspicious of Powell and protective of his sister. One night Willa overhears her husband questioning the children and she realizes the truth. As she lies in bed that night in their attic bedroom, Powell leans over her and slits her throat. Powell dumps Willa\'s body in the river. He finally learns the money\'s location from Pearl by threatening John, but the children flee with the money down the river. They eventually find sanctuary with Rachel Cooper , a tough old woman who looks after stray children. Powell eventually tracks them down, but Rachel sees through his false virtue. After a climactic standoff, in which Rachel protects the children with a shotgun but sings hymns through the night with Powell, he is arrested by the police, tried, and, apparently, convicted and sentenced to death for the murder of Willa and for the crimes against the children. Towards the end of the film, Rachel declares that "children are man at his strongest. They abide." The film ends with her speaking directly to camera: "They abide and they endure."'] ["Fritzi Haller  is the tough owner of a saloon and casino in the small fictional mining town of Chuckawalla, Nevada. Her daughter, Paula Haller , has just quit school and returned home at the same time that gangster Eddie Bendix  has returned. He was once involved with Fritzi, but left town under suspicion of murdering his wife. Paula falls for Bendix and they become involved. Paula's old boyfriend, and local lawman, Tom Hanson , along with Bendix's sidekick, Johnny Ryan , try to break up the relationship. When Fritzi finds out, she angrily tries to protect Paula and put a stop to her seeing Bendix. Bendix's past catches up with him in an unexpected way when the car he is in, running from Hanson , crashes through the railing as it is going onto the bridge and plunges down the embankment, killing him."] ['A power struggle ensues after the death of media magnate Amos Kyne, whose corporation has been turned over to his sole heir, his foppish son Walter. Rather than run the company himself, Walter decides to let the heads of its three divisions fight it out for control. Their assignment is to score an exclusive story on a serial killer who is terrorizing women in New York. The Kyne organization\'s newspaper dubs him "The Lipstick Killer." If a resourceful someone can identify him even before the police do, Walter Kyne will reward him with the title of executive director. One of the three, newspaper editor Jon Day Griffith, has an ally in high-profile reporter Edward Mobley, who also does reports on Kyne\'s television network. While wire-service chief Mark Loving recruits star writer Mildred Donner to be his eyes and ears, a third contender for the top job, Harry Kritzer, carries on a secret affair with Dorothy, who is Walter Kyne\'s wife. Mobley becomes engaged to Loving\'s secretary, Nancy Liggett. As his police friend, Lt. Kaufman, gives him inside information on the murder investigation, Mobley taunts the killer on TV and uses Nancy as bait, hoping to lure the Lipstick Killer into coming after her. In the end, the lives of both Nancy and Dorothy, who live across the hall from one another, are placed in serious danger at the Lipstick Killer\'s hands. And, although one of the three contenders for the executive director\'s job wins the contest, another has a surprise in store.'] ["The film starts by showing the city streets of K-Town in New York, then goes straight into one of the most common places in Korean Culture. A Room salon  where Korean Mobster Jin Ho Chun  is running the place as a money launderer for the Korean mafia. As Chun is making his usual errands, such as making sure the Room salon is running smoothly and greeting customers. Chun goes and checks on the VIP members, where also his mistress Sook Hee  is at. Chun then grabs the bag full of cash and makes his way into his car. While Chun's driving off, another car blocks his way and he gets shot to death in the back. An ambitious young lawyer is introduced, John Kim  who has just taken on a case that could push him up the ladder to becoming partner at his law firm. The Case revolves around a young teenager, misfit youth Kevin Lee who is accused of murdering Mobster Chun. Kim takes on the case pro-bono for the Lee family. Kim is discussing the case with Kevin's older sister Lila Lee , who is still in shock over her brother's case. Kim assures Lee that they will win the case and there's nothing to worry about. During investigating the case Kim comes upon a name, Mike Juhn  by a low level street thug Danny who on occasion plays basketball with Kim and runs with Juhn's Crew. Kim sees this as an opportunity to learn more about the case and approaches Juhn. Juhn who has now taken Chun's old position in running the Room salon meets Kim. Juhn is hesitant at first when approached by Kim but then starts opening up to him, when he see's Kim as a way for him to become a legitimate business man. The Two men start using each other to get to the top of their profession. Juhn takes Kim to the Room salon he's running to show Kim the Korean culture. At the room salon Juhn's hyung . Detective Park approaches him and asks him who the outsider is. Juhn lies but Det. Park catches him in it and lectures Juhn about bringing outsiders. Juhn disobeys, saying that Kim could be good for the organization. For this, Juhn is demoted back to is old position. While Juhn's being demoted, Kim meets Hee, the mistress of the recently deceased Chun. Kim has a light conversation with Hee before being interrupted by Det. Park who tells Kim that he doesn't belong here and that Kim should leave. Juhn goes down to a restaurant known as the Korean Mobs headquarter for business. Where he meets with the street bosses for his reckless behavior, one of the bosses tells Juhn that another mobster Kyuc will be taking over and that Juhn is not to set foot into the Room salon until they give the okay. The angry Juhn disobeys orders and brings Kim to the Room salon again where Kim meets Hee for a second time and is able to give Hee his business card before getting kicked out. After the two are kicked out Kim And Juhn go to a bar where Juhn starts talking about old times and how he knows Lee from back in the day when they both went to high school together. Kim then starts pressing Juhn to talk about the case. Juhn finally gives in and talks about the murder telling Kim that Chun was a snake. And that anyone would have wanted him dead hinting that Kevin might have not been involved in the murder but the organization. While Juhn is having problems of his own Kim is in the same situation. Whereas Kim's Bosses at his law firm are telling him to cut a deal with the District Attorney's office saying that they don't want to pursue the case in fear of losing. Kim tells Lee about the situation and Lee disagrees saying that there's something more they have to do. Kim then sets a meeting with Lee and Hee. Hee, who cannot speak a word of English and Kim who cannot speak a word of Korean, needs Lee to translate for them, Kim starts the recorder and asks Lee to have Hee begin. During the conversation Hee starts to reveal shocking facts about the murder. Such as how she saw a young boy come out of Chun's car after the shooting. Hee then reveals that she also saw Juhn at the night of the murder. Lee who is shocked from hearing all the details finally realizes that her brother was the one who committed the murder. She then keeps the information about her brother being there from Kim telling him that it was Juhn and only Juhn who was there at the night of the murder. Lee who now is distraught calls Juhn feeling she has nowhere else to go. Saeng, Juhn's right hand man and Danny are outside a restaurant with other members of Juhn's crew. Saeng then gets a call from Juhn saying it's time. Saeng gathers all the men and heads with Juhn to the Room salon Juhn used to run and raid the place. Having a big shootout with Kyuc and his men leading to Kyuc and Det Parks demise and Danny's leg being shot. Juhn then tells Saeng to get the money and says that hes going to handle Hee. When searching for Hee she was nowhere to be found, Juhn and Saeng then take the injured Danny to there headquarters. Leaving Saeng to take care of Danny while Juhn goes to find Hee, Juhn goes to Hee's house and finds her packing her clothes Juhn rapes her and beats her to death. While at the headquarters the scared Danny calls Kim and tells him about the situation. Kim quickly rushes down to where Danny is and pushes Saeng out of the way and calls the cops and advises Danny to don't tell the cops anything. Then Kim realizes Hee might be in danger to and rushes to her house once he gets there Kim finds Hee's dead body. After along day Kim retreats to his home and is ambushed by Juhn's men. Where Juhn starts to reveal more about the murder to Kim how he ordered Kevin to murder Chun saying that Kevin wanted to prove his loyalty and how Lee called him after the conversation Kim had with Lee and Hee. After the confession Juhn pulls out his gun and gets ready to murder Kim, Kim tells Juhn there will be consequences if Juhn pulls the trigger. Kim tells Juhn that he has the recording of the conversation he had with Lee and Hee and there's away for the recording to find its way into the polices hands if Juhn were to pull the trigger. Juhn thinks about the consequences and gives Kim a pass telling Kim to stay out of Flushing or there will be no more passes. Kim then quickly sets a meeting up with Lee and confronts her about the situation. Lee tells Kim she had no choice and that Kim would have done the same thing if it was his brother. Kim sets another meeting up but with Juhn at a local bar that Kim's a regular at once the meeting started Kim asked Juhn for a favor. Juhn refused until Kim convinces him otherwise. Revealing to Juhn that Danny a member of Juhn's crew is now Kim's client and that he can make Danny go either way. Juhn who now realizes the situatiuon agrees to help Kim. Kim tells Juhn that he doesn't care now, whether Kevin murdered Chun or not he just wants to win the case and tells Juhn to find someone who can be a witness that doesn't put Kevinat the scene of the crime. Juhn agrees, Kim then gives Juhn the recorder with the recording on it. Kim is seen in a new office talking to friend about making partner, Lee walks in with a box of tangerines to thank Kim for getting Kevin out of prison After Lee leaves Kim throws the box in the trash. Juhn is now running the Room salon again. Juhn comes to pick up the bag of money as he's walking to his car his cellphone rings he picks up but there's no answer he hangs up and gets into his car and adjust the rear view mirror and starts to glare at the mirror and the screen goes black."] ['In Macau, three men break into a house, shoot a French woman  and kill her husband and two children. The woman\'s father, Francis Costello , arrives to visit his daughter who is now suffering from serious injuries. She is nevertheless able to tell her father that there were three shooters and that she shot one of the killers in the ear. At a hotel, Costello meets Kwai , Chu  and Fat Lok , a trio of hitmen who are hired to murder the unfaithful wife of Triad crime boss George Fung . After overhearing the murder in a hotel room, Costello reaches an unspoken agreement to walk away. Costello later tracks down Kwai\'s syndicate, hands them a stack of Euros and his watch, and asks them to help him avenge his daughter\'s family\'s deaths. Before doing so, though, he takes a Polaroid picture of each of the hitmen, and writes down their names, so that he will not forget what they look like. Together, the four make their way to the apartment where the shooting occurred and surmise the weapons used. The four men visit a landfill to meet Kwai\'s cousin Tony, who supplies illegal arms. Tony mentions that he sold matching weapons to a trio of Hong Kong hitmen who work on Seafood Street. As the four men reach the street, they see a man with a bandage over his ear. However, they see only two men. Kwai\'s syndicate decide to wait until the men lead them to the third attacker. The two suspects head towards the countryside as Kwai\'s syndicate follows. The two men later reach a Nature reserve as the third killer shows up. The trio meet their wives, their kids and Kwai\'s syndicate during the barbecue. After a tense standoff, the trio explain that they killed Costello\'s grandchildren because the children had seen their faces. Not wanting to start a shootout in front of the three attackers\' wives and children, everyone waits until they have left. A moonlit gun battle ensues, with both sides suffering injuries. The three attackers flee, while Costello and Kwai\'s syndicate take refuge at a run-down apartment in Hong Kong to perform surgeries by themselves to remove bullets from their bodies. Costello reveals that he is a former assassin and has a bullet in his head for twenty years which is affecting his memories. Shortly after they have tended to their wounds, Kwai receives a phone call from George Fung, who informs him that three of his men need help, and are with an underground non-registered doctor known as "Old Five". Fung tells Kwai that his men were attacked by three Chinese men and one white man. The four men realize that Fung ordered the hit on Costello\'s daughter and her family. They head to the dwelling and kill the three attackers and leave Old Five alive, who then makes a call to Fung, reporting what had happened. Fung then contacts Kwai, explaining that Costello\'s son-in-law was handing over Fung\'s financial reports to the police. Fung also says he only ordered his men to kill the parents. Kwai replies that his syndicate has switched their loyalty from Fung to Costello as a matter of honor. Later that night, Fung sends more killers to Kwai\'s refuge in order to eliminate Kwai\'s syndicate. A gunfight ensues, with the four men emerging victorious. As they escape, Kwai\'s syndicate lose track of Costello, who is walking through a crowded street, seemingly lost in the night rain. He pulls out the Polaroid pictures that he took of the hitmen earlier, and tries to find them in the crowd. They meet again, but it becomes evident that Costello has a problem with his memory, and has rapidly forgotten who his friends are, but also what he is doing. The hitmen try to explain to Costello that he is seeking revenge for his daughter, but Costello does not recognize her, nor does he understand the concept of revenge. The three men give up in despair, and take him to a beach where they meet a pregnant woman  with a group of children. Kwai gives her a stack of money and ask her to take care of Costello. Kwai\'s syndicate return to Macau because they lost contact with Kwai\'s cousin Tony who supplies their ammunition. When they reach the landfill where Tony is living, they find him and his partner dying as they were tortured by Fung and his gang. Soon, a large group of assassins sent by Fung show up and a gunfight ensues. Kwai, Chu and Fat Lok are killed. Costello and the pregnant woman learn of the shootout during a news report. The next day, Fung is having tea in a public square surrounded by his subordinates. He sees a beautiful woman  having tea in the same square. As he tries to get her attention, a large group of children come asking him to buy charity stickers. The children place stickers on Fung and his men. The pregnant woman leaves the square and meets up with Costello, then tells him that the man back in the square with the most number of stickers is Fung. Costello thanks her, makes his way to the square and begins to shoot a great many of the guards as well as Fung as chaos ensues. However, Fung turns out to be wearing a bulletproof vest. His subordinates help him run away from Costello, who gives chase on foot. As Costello walks, he checks the bystanders for stickers, which tips Fung off to the fact that Costello does not actually recognize him, apart from the stickers he is wearing. Fung removes the stickers from his coat, and puts them on the jacket of a subordinate instead. This causes Costello to shoot Fung\'s subordinate. Fung then removes his coat with all the stickers and runs off. Costello picks up the trenchcoat and shoots more subordinates who get in his way. Fung is finally the last surviving member, so he attempts to walk nonchalantly by Costello, relying on the Frenchman\'s inability to recognize him without the coat, but as he is walking by, Costello sees a sticker on Fung\'s tie. Both men reach for their guns fire at each other. Fung is hit and Costello demands that he put the coat on, which Fung refuses, so Costello shoots him in the leg. Fung then puts the coat on and Costello checks the bullet holes in the coat and sees that they align with the bullets stuck in the bullet-proof vest he was wearing. Costello then stands up and fires a round into Fung\'s head killing him.'] ["It stars Joe Shishido as a hitman who, along with his sidekick played by Jerry Fujio, is hired by the yakuza to eliminate a rival gang's boss. The two are captured after the job, escape and are waylaid once again resulting in a climatic battle. The film was among Shishido's first starring roles, cementing him as a hardboiled action hero, and remains a personal favourite of the 170 films he made at Nikkatsu.<ref name  Schilling | first  No Borders, No Limits: Nikkatsu Action Cinema | publisher  2007 | isbn  http://www.fabpress.com/vsearch.php?CO 79, 96 }}"] ["The title refers to a jigsaw puzzle and the story begins with the murder of a print shop owner that is quickly labeled a suicide. But newspaper columnist Charlie Riggs is convinced that it was a murder related to a white neo-fascist organization called the Crusaders and imparts this suspicion to Assistant District Attorney Howard Malloy. He also publishes this opinion in his column. Then Riggs himself is murdered, inducing Malloy to launch an investigation into the Crusaders. Because the group appears to be getting backing from organized crime, Malloy looks there, soon receiving unasked-for help from a crime boss called “Angel,” who recommends him for the position of special prosecutor. Later, with further help from a prominent judge’s widow, Malloy is appointed. This is supposed to put him in the pocket of those behind the murders. But Malloy proceeds to investigate the artist who created the Crusaders recruiting poster. Seeing in the artist's studio a painting of an attractive night club singer, Malloy then proceeds to investigate her. This leads to a series of revelations regarding all of these characters and ends with more people dead and wounded in a fiery exchange at the end. This film has been called a grade B mystery thriller and social problem movie rather than a noir, but it has a number of noir characteristics, such as an unsentimental approach to crime, a plot centered on murder, a focus on social outsiders, a critical femme fatale character, and lighting dominated by darkness and deep shadows. It was later re-released as Gun Moll."] ["Howard Tyler  is a family man, living in California, who can't seem to get by financially. He meets up with a small-time, but charismatic, hood Jerry Slocum . Soon, Slocum convinces Tyler into participating in gas station robberies to get by. Later, they kidnap a wealthy man in hopes of getting a huge ransom. Things go wrong when the man is murdered by Slocum then thrown in a lake. Tyler reaches his limit emotionally, and he begins drinking heavily. He meets a lonely woman and confesses the crime while drunk. The woman flees and goes to the police. When the two kidnappers are arrested, a local journalist  writes a series of hate-filled articles about the two prisoners which eventually lead to a brutal lynching."] ["Bogart portrays Glenn Griffin, the leader of a trio of escaped convicts who invade the Daniel Hilliard family's suburban home in Indianapolis and hold four members of a family hostage. There they await the arrival of Griffin's girlfriend, who is bringing the three fugitives funds to aid them in their escape. Police organize a statewide manhunt for the escapees and eventually discover the distraught family's plight. Bogart's character menaces and torments the Hilliards and threatens to kill them, and an unfortunate garbage collector who happens upon the situation is murdered. At the climax of the film, Hilliard  throws Griffin  out of the house by holding Griffin's loaded gun on him. Griffin is subsequently gunned down when he hurls his unloaded gun at a police spotlight and tries to make a break for it."] [" Big Louis Costillo , the leading crime boss of the South Side, is killed, apparently by Tony Camonte  acting on the orders of Johnny Lovo . Lovo then takes control of the South Side with Tony as his key lieutenant, selling large amounts of illegal beer to speakeasies and muscling in on bars run by rival outfits. However, Lovo repeatedly warns Tony not to mess with the Irish gangs led by O'Hara who run the North Side. Tony soon begins to ignore these orders, shooting up bars belonging to O'Hara, and attracting the attention of the police and rival gangsters. Lovo begins to realize that Tony is out of control and has ambitions to take his position. Meanwhile, Tony pursues Lovo's girlfriend Poppy  with increasing confidence. At first, she is dismissive of him, but pays him more attention as his reputation rises. Tony eventually decides to declare war and take over the North Side, and sends one of his best men and close friend, the coin flipping Guino Rinaldo  to kill O'Hara in a florist's shop that he uses as his base. This brings heavy retaliation from the North Side gangs now led by Gaffney  and armed with Tommy guns, a weapon that instantly captures Tony's dark imagination. Tony leads his own forces to virtually destroy the North Side gangs and take over their market, using tactics such as those used on the Valentines Day Massacre. This proves too much for Lovo, whose organization has been effectively hijacked by his ambitious deputy, and he arranges for Tony to be assassinated while driving in his car. Tony manages to escape this attack, and he and Rinaldo kill Lovo in revenge, leaving Tony as the undisputed boss of the city. Tony's actions have provoked a public outcry and the forces of the law are slowly closing in. Tony's problems increase when his sister Cesca , whom he is overprotective of, secretly marries his friend Guino. After discovering the two of them together, Tony kills his friend leaving his sister distraught. This provides the police the opportunity they'd been waiting for and they move to arrest Tony for Guino's murder. Tony holes up in his house and prepares to shoot it out. His sister comes, planning to kill him, but ends up helping him to fight the police. When she is killed by a stray bullet, Tony's confidence collapses. As the apartment fills with tear gas, he leaves down the stairs and is confronted by the police. Tony pleads in cowardly fashion for his life then seems to make a break for it, but is mowed down by police fire - apparently suicide by cop.  With the disapproval of several censors regarding the film, producer Howard Hughes, being wealthy enough to spend as much money as needed on the picture, willingly brought the film back to production by re-shooting an alternate ending. The alternate ending differs from the original ending , in the manner that Tony is caught and in which he dies. Unlike the original ending in which Tony Camonte escapes the police and dies getting shot several times, the alternate ending begins with Tony reluctantly handing himself over to the police. After the encounter, there is a scene in which a judge is addressing Tony  during sentencing. The next scene is the finale, in which Tony  is brought to the gallows, where he is finally put to an end by being hanged as soon as the policemen cut the ropes. After such effort, the censors still rejected this version. Afterwards, Hughes discarded version B, restored the film to its original ending and screened the film in states where there was little censorship of films, thus leading to bona-fide box office status and positive critical reviews."] ["To forget the tragedy Lambert heads to South America . Heading there as well is singer Clare Shepperd, using the alias Clare Sinclair . She's running away as well—not from her memories—but from her boyfriend Vic Spilato, a vicious gangster who just had his bookkeeper Edward Dawson  murdered and is under investigation by the U.S. Senate. Lambert takes up fighting once again and, as he prepares to fight his south-of-the-border challenger named Rivera, Shepperd seeks out her boss, a bar owner named Felipe, and sells him a valuable pair of earrings. She then watches as Lambert wins the match. Newly arrived to South America is Cappy Gordon , Spilato's cold-blooded button-man looking for Clare. When he finds her he expresses his love and tells her that he'll spare her life if she runs off with him. Instead, Clare jets and heads for Felipe's bar. By threatening to expose Felipe to Cappy, Clare convinces him to persuade Lambert to meet her at the secluded Posado de Don Pascual. There, Clare encourages Lambert's romantic interest, but does not tell him about Cappy nor Spilato. They take a tramway to La Cumbre, an isolated mountaintop village, and the couple enjoy a stroll through the town, unaware that Cappy knows their whereabouts. They watch a sexually provocative dance, performed by a young man and woman, whose older husband Vasco  drags her off in a jealous rage and kills her. Upset by the event, Clare and Lambert head toward the hotel where they spend the night, and in the moonlight, he kisses her. Lambert reveals that he's aware of Spilato and Clare confesses that she's attracted to him but isn't free of her past. The climax of the movie takes place on an aerial cable car high above a deep abyss which malfunctions midway through its journey, threatening to send Lambert, Shepperd, and Gordon smashing into the rocks below."] ["On board a ship returning to England from the West Indies, missionary's widow Olivia Harwood  is prevailed on to help nurse malarial patients on the lower decks. There she meets the suavely handsome Mark Bellis , who has been taken ill. Despite Mark's vagueness about his life and past, the couple strike up a friendship. Fully recovered by the time the ship docks, Mark persuades Olivia to allow him to take up residence in the lodging house she has inherited from her late husband. He proceeds to work a smooth line of seduction on her, while still finding time to also use his charms on the more wordly and vulgar Kitty . Mark's past as an art thief and forger is revealed as he reunites with former partner-in-crime Edgar Bellamy  and the two plan a daring art heist. Things go awry, and they are forced into a rooftop flight, narrowly avoiding police bullets. Returning to Olivia, he tells her he intends to leave London to try to make good elsewhere. However she has now fallen under his romantic spell and is prepared to do anything to keep him with her. The couple are in dire need of money, and Olivia is persuaded to insinuate herself into the home of her wealthy former schoolfriend Susan Courtney  and her older husband Henry . She finds Susan in a state of neurosis and barely suppressed hysteria, worn down by the criticisms of the cold and sneering Henry, who agrees to employ her as Susan's live-in companion. Under Mark's urging, she immediately begins to pilfer stocks and bonds and small valuables from the Courtney household, passing them on to Mark to turn into cash. Mark meanwhile has discovered an old bundle of letters from Susan to Olivia, containing youthfully indiscreet descriptions of romantic dalliances and questionable moral conduct. Realising that making public the contents of the letters would ruin the Courtneys' social reputation, he believes that he has hit the financial jackpot. As low as she has already sunk under his influence however, Olivia finds the notion of blackmail repugnant and a step too far down the road of criminality. She flees from the Courtneys and looks into the possibility of a return to overseas missionary work, only to find that a lone woman is not wanted. She finds herself sheltering in a gloomy church, where Mark somehow manages to track her down. In despair, she falls for his blandishments and submits herself again to his control and instructions, blackmail and all. Olivia returns to the Courtney household and sets in motion the blackmail plan, while Mark continues to dally with Kitty and gifts her a locket which was given to him by Olivia. Unknown to Olivia or Susan, Henry has become exasperated by Susan's apparent inability to produce the heir he craves, and is plotting to have her committed to a distant mental asylum. He has also employed a private detective , who has managed to trace the missing stocks and bonds back to Mark and has built up a dossier of his criminal past. Henry locks the horrified Susan in her room to await the arrival of the sanatorium doctors and orders Olivia out of the house. At Mark's behest, she returns to step up the blackmail threat, but is countered by Henry confronting her with the information he has on Mark, which would be more than enough to hang him. A struggle ensues and Henry collapses with a life-threatening heart attack. Olivia releases Susan and tricks her into giving her husband a dose of medicine laced with poison. Henry succumbs, the police are summoned and the hopelessly confused and incoherent Susan makes what sounds like a confession to murder. She is taken away to prison to face the prospect of the gallows. Mark announces his intention to take Olivia away with him to a new life in America, beyond the reach of British justice. Olivia however is conscience-stricken about Susan, and matters take a fatal turn when she runs into Kitty, wearing the incriminating locket. All her illusions about Mark's love for her suddenly shattered, she finally realises that she has all along been no more than a willing pawn in his game. Keeping her own counsel, she waits until the opportunity arises in a hansom cab to take her ultimate revenge."] ["A woman sees someone on the street as she is walking back to her home. She goes to her room and sleeps on a chair. As soon as she is asleep, she experiences a dream in which she repeatedly tries to chase a mysterious hooded figure with a mirror for a face but is unable to catch it. With each failure, she re-enters her house and sees numerous household objects including a key, a knife, a flower, a telephone and a phonograph. The woman follows the hooded figure to her bedroom where she sees the figure hide the knife under a pillow. Throughout the story, she sees multiple instances of herself, all bits of her dream that she has already experienced. The woman tries to kill her sleeping body with a knife but is awakened by a man. The man leads her to the bedroom and she realizes that everything she saw in the dream was actually happening. She notices that the man's posture is similar to that of the hooded figure when it hid the knife under the pillow. She attempts to injure him and fails. Towards the end, the man walks into the house and sees a broken mirror being dropped onto wet ground. He then sees the woman in the chair, who was previously sleeping, but is now dead. Directors Maya Deren and Alexander Hammid portrayed the role of the woman and the man."] ['The action is set in an unnamed American city and is told mainly in flashback, and flashbacks within flashback.  Under heavy police protection, gangster Joe Rico  arrives late at night at the courthouse to testify against crime lord Albert Mendoza . There have been several attempts on Rico\'s life and he is a bag of nerves, but lead prosecutor ADA Martin Ferguson  reminds him that he himself faces plenty of charges that could "burn you a dozen times". Ferguson is bound and determined to get Mendoza "in the chair" and stresses to Rico that Mendoza will "die, he\'s got to die, and you\'re going to kill him." After yet another attempt on his life, Rico gives his bodyguards the slip and tries to escape by reaching the fire escape on the eighth floor of the building, but he falls off the ledge and is killed on impact when he hits the courtyard. Rico was the only evidence Ferguson had against Mendoza who will walk away in the morning as a free man. However he believes that something else came up in the course of the investigation that might make the case if only he could remember it. He and police Captain Nelson  decide to go through the evidence hoping that something will come up.  The case began when a man called James "Duke" Malloy  burst into a police station and claimed to have killed his girlfriend, under pressure from others. At the crime scene, which is out in the countryside, the police find an empty grave. Malloy, overcome with grief, bitterly explains that his girlfriend was a "contract" and a "hit", terms which mean nothing to the officers. He later commits suicide in his cell. Ferguson, the ADA in charge of homicide, is brought in on the case. Malloy only had convictions for petty crimes, not murder, but checking on his associates leads the investigators to "Big Babe" Lazick . When Ferguson threatens to jail his wife and put his little son into care, Lazick confesses that he is part of a "troop"  operating under the orders of Joe Rico who gets requests to commit murders over the telephone from a third party. The gang uses terms like "contract"  and "hit"  in case of others listening in. The killers get a regular salary , their families are looked after if anything goes wrong and bonuses are paid for actual killings. Only Rico knows who the top boss is. The killers carry out murders for profit, the idea being that they are hired to kill someone at the request of someone else . The killer will have no motive for committing the crime and thus will not be suspected by the police, while the client with the motive will have a perfect alibi. Furthermore, the client has to keep contributing money in case of exposure. Lazick leads the police to the body of Nina Lombardo, whose murder started the investigation. It emerges that she was a contract whom "Duke" Malloy was supposed to kill, but that he instead fell in love with her. He tried to cover it up but his associates caught up with them and forced him to kill her. Nina\'s roommate, Teresa Davis  tells the detectives that Nina\'s real name was Angela Vetto and that she was in hiding since her father\'s death. Ten years beforehand Angela and her father, a cab driver, witnessed the murder of John Webb, a café owner. The police eventually find a mass grave filled with dozens of bodies. As the authorities close in on them, the gang begins to break up. Some go into hiding, fearing for their lives as others are killed by other members from out of town. Rico himself is hiding in a farm with his last remaining accomplices. He calls his boss whose answers do not reassure him. Rico pretends to go to town for a contract but instead parks his car behind some bushes. He later witnesses his accomplices being killed by other killers sent by the boss. Rico contacts Ferguson. In return for being spared the death penalty, he offers to testify against his boss, Albert Mendoza. Rico first met Mendoza when the latter tried to interfere in a bookmaking racket run by Rico\'s previous employer. Impressed by the beating he got from Rico, Mendoza took him to a café and explained the concept of his new business: murder for profit. To prove his point he killed the café owner, John Webb, for which he received $500. However the killing was witnessed by Tony Vetto  and his daughter. Mendoza and Rico got away, but years later Vetto recognised Mendoza as a cab fare and was murdered before he could go to the police.  With Rico now dead, Mendoza will walk. Frustrated, Ferguson goes to Mendoza\'s cell and leaves him with photos of his victims, warning him of the nightmares that they will give him. He then returns to the evidence room and listens to the tapping of Rico\'s confession &mdash; which is not admissible in court. In it, Rico describes Vetto\'s daughter as having "big blue eyes", whereas the body of Nina Lombardo  had brown eyes. On the other hand her roommate, Teresa Davis, does have blue eyes. Ferguson concludes that Nina was pointed out as Duke\'s contract by mistake. Teresa told the police that Nina was Angela Vetto as a hint: to get them on the trail of the killers without getting involved herself; she even tried to leave town, but Ferguson warned her against it. However, from Nina\'s photo, Mendoza has come to the same conclusion and, through his attorney, sends two of his remaining men after the real Angela Vetto. Ferguson and Nelson arrive at her house to learn that she has gone shopping. The streets are too crowded for them to find her, so Ferguson uses a music store\'s street-side loud speakers to warn her that her life is in danger and to contact him at the store. Angela does so and Ferguson sets off to meet her, followed by the killers. In the subsequent shoot-out, Ferguson kills one of the gangsters and the other is arrested. He then escorts Angela Vetto to testify against Mendoza and put him in the chair.'] ['Ann Sutton , the wife of a successful psychoanalyst , is arrested for shoplifting. Ann is saved from scandal by smooth-talking hypnotist David Korvo . Korvo is not what he seems to be, and Ann soon finds herself involved in blackmail and murder. She is unsure whether or not she committed a crime. Her distant but loyal husband stands up for her and eventually sets up the hypnotist, who he thinks is behind all the misdeeds.'] ["'Doc' Penny  and his gang rob a gasoline station and in the process a police officer is killed and one of the gang members is wounded. The wounded thug imposes himself on Steve Lacey , an ex-con trying to start a new life, and demands he call a disreputable doctor for help. The doctor arrives, but too late. The gang member is dead. After his death, Lacey calls his parole officer who involves a hard-nosed cop, Detective Lieutenant Sims , who doesn't think he can reform. Later, the remaining gang members show up at Lacey's apartment. Fearing for his wife's  safety, he decides to let the men stay. Subsequently, Penny forces Lacey to rob a bank with them, but Lacey alerts the police  who staff the entire bank with police officers and ambush the robbers. In the end, most of the gang is killed, but Lacey and his wife are safe."] ["Mary Adams  is a waitress in a waterfront bar run by a man who had swindled her father years before. One night, she climbs in the man's bedroom window and steals $25,000 from under his pillow. The police arrive the next morning and, to escape pursuit and reprisal of the bar-owner, she confesses her crime. When The money is not recovered, Mary is sent to prison for five years, but earns early release for good behavior. While on parole, she gets another waterfront waitressing job. Dragomie Damitrof , the owner of this bar, is a foreign scoundrel father-figure type. Mary believes that she is being watched by the authorities stil trying to recover the money, and is somewhat un-trusting of everyone. Mary meets Johnny , and soon begins to entertain thoughts of helping her new boyfriend with a business loan. Then Dragomie nearly loses the bar in a card game and she promises to give him enough money to delay the debtors. Not being able to herself retrieve the money, Mary draws him a map to the location where she buried the loot. When Dragomie realizes this is the same girl that stole money from her infamous employer three years earlier on this same waterfront dock, he tells her. When returning from the cache, Dragomie bitterly tells that he could not find the money and angrily throws her out of his home. Some days later, she finds the bar appears to be under new ownership and the boyfriend is worried about her. Upon closer inspection, it develops that the bar is still owned by Dragomie and it is reported that he has taken a vacation and moved into fancy new digs, apparently finding the money after all. With vengeance in her heart, she sets out confront him, and recover the money. In the ensuing argument, she stikes him on the head and leaves him for dead. Deciding that the remaining recovered money has caused her too many problems, she donates it to an orphanage and confesses to her assault on Dragomie."] ['"Here is the All-American Canal. It runs through the desert for miles along the California-Mexico border... Farming in Imperial Valley... [requires] a vast army of farm workers... and this army of farm workers comes from our neighbor to the south, from Mexico. ... It is this problem of human suffering and injustice about which you should know. The following composite case is based upon factual information supplied by the Immigration and Naturalization Service..." The story concerns two agents, one Mexican  and one American, who are tasked to stop the smuggling of Mexican migrant workers across the border to California. The two agents go undercover, one as a poor migrant. Some of the film\'s most memorable include the death of an American by a mechanized harrow and a climactic shootout in a quicksand swamp.'] ["Visiting her two sisters and brother, singer Petey Brown lands a job at small-time-hood Nicky Toresca's nightclub. While evading the sleazy Toresca's heavy-handed passes at her, she falls in love with down-and-out ex-jazz pianist Sand Thomas, who has never quite recovered from an old divorce. While solving the problems of her sisters, brother and their next-door neighbor, the no-nonsense Petey must wait as Sand decides whether to start a new life with her or sign on with a merchant steamer."] ['Wilde plays Griff Marat, a parole officer who falls in love with a parolee, Jenny Marsh . Marsh had gone to prison in order to protect a gambler with whom she was having an affair. Out of concern for her welfare, Marat hires Marsh as a caretaker for his blind mother .'] ["Tom Durling quits his job and drives across country after his brother is killed in an accident. He gives an attractive girl a ride and he's forced at gun point to be the driver in a bank robbery. During the crime, Steve Reynolds, another innocent man is involved and killed in the escape. After a high-speed chase, the car crashes and Durling is knocked unconscious while the bandits get away. The police arrest Durling but refuse to believe that he wasn't one of the robbers. Durling escapes the police then later teams with Reynolds' sister in an attempt to prove his innocence. The trail leads to a small roadside diner where the two end up finding the gang hiding out in the building's basement. They go undercover, her as a waitress and Durling joins the gang. In the end, they trick the criminals into confessing their crimes. Durling's reputation is saved, and the criminals, led by a Ma Barker-type mom, get shot up."] ["A falsely convicted man's wife, Catherine , and an alcoholic composer and pianist, Martin , team up in an attempt to clear her husband of the murder of a blonde singer, who is Martin's wife. Their investigation leads them to face-to-face confrontations with a determined policeman  and a shifty nightclub owner , who Catherine and Martin suspect may be the real killer."] ['Steve Clark  is on a Los Angeles-bound bus and gets off in a small town on the way. He first hides a large amount of cash he had been carrying in his suitcase. Then he gets a job, which leads him to a chance encounter with Julie Saunders , a local woman in her 20s. Julie lives with an elderly, bitter aunt who makes her life miserable. Clark, with his charm and original outlook on life, instantly becomes a ray of sunlight for her, and they quickly marry. However, Clark soon admits to her that the marriage is part of a plan he has crafted. This plan will help him launder a large amount of ill-gotten cash--but it also involves murder and will make Julie an accessory to it, against her will.'] ['Tony "le Stéphanois" has served a five-year prison term for a jewel heist, and is now out on the street and down on his luck. His friend Jo approaches Tony about another jewel heist in which they and Mario would stealthily cut the glass on a Parisian jeweler\'s front window and grab some gems. Tony opts not to participate. Tony learns that his old girlfriend, Mado, has now aligned herself with Pierre Grutter. Finding Mado at Grutter\'s nightclub, he invites her back to his rundown flat. Mado has been well-kept, and Tony savagely beats her for being so deeply involved with Grutter. Tony changes his mind about the heist; he now accepts on the condition that they hit the jeweler\'s safe, not the window. Mario, an Italian, suggests they employ the services of his compatriot César, a safecracker. The four team up and plan a way to work around the ingenious alarm system guarding the jewelry shop. Casing the store, the group decides to drill through the ceiling from an upstairs flat which will be vacant on a Sunday night extending into Monday morning before the jeweler returns. The suspenseful break-in completed, the criminals seem to have triumphed. Without the others\' knowledge, César has pocketed a diamond ring as a gift for his mistress Viviane, a chanteuse at Grutter\'s club. The four men arrange to fence the loot with a London contact. Meanwhile, Grutter has seen Mado and her injuries; Mado breaks off their relationship. From this, Grutter infers that Tony is at the root of Mado\'s decision; he then gives drugs to his heroin-addicted brother and tells him to murder Tony. Grutter sees the diamond César gave to Viviane and realizes that César and Tony were responsible for the jewel theft. Grutter forces César to confess. Seeking revenge and money, Grutter\'s gang brutally murders Mario and his wife Ida. Tony retrieves Mario\'s share of the jewels and pays for a splendid funeral for him. Tony goes looking for Grutter and finds the captive César, who confesses to ratting him out to Grutter. With regret, Tony kills César. Meanwhile, Grutter\'s thugs have kidnapped Jo\'s five-year-old son Tonio, demanding that Tony give over the loot or young Tonio will be killed. The London fence arrives with the cash, which now seems pointless to Jo, who along with his wife, is tormented with worry for their son. Seeking the boy, Tony tracks him down at Grutter\'s country house and kills Grutter\'s brothers Rémi and Louis to save him. On the way back to Paris, Tony is told that Jo has cracked under the pressure and has taken the money to the house for Grutter. Grutter kills Jo, and then is killed by Tony, who is mortally wounded. Bleeding profusely, Tony drives maniacally back to Paris and delivers Tonio home safely. Tony dies in his car as police and bystanders close in on him and his remaining loot.'] ['An amnesiac, "Step" Allison , accused of murder searches for the truth with the help of a cabbie, Patty Mitchell .'] ['The film tells the story of the life and execution of Barbara Graham  a prostitute and convicted perjurer. Graham is the product of a broken home, and works luring men into fixed card games. At one point, she attempts to go straight but marries the "wrong man," and has a child. He is a drug addict and she ends their relationship. When her life falls apart, she returns to her former professions and becomes involved with men who have murdered a woman. The police arrest them, and her, and her companions accuse her of the murder to reduce their own chances of going to the gas chamber. She claims her innocence, but is convicted and executed.'] ['Pre-World War II Paris is crowded with illegal refugees, trying to evade deportation. One of them is Dr. Ravic , who under a false name practices medicine illegally, helping other refugees. He saves Joan Madou  from committing suicide after the sudden death of her lover. They become involved, but he is deported and she becomes the mistress of a wealthy man, Alex . All this time Ravic seeks revenge against the Nazi officer Haake , with war eventually declared between France and Germany.'] ['The innocent owner of a car used in a back-room bookie operation robbery is "railroaded"  for the killing of a cop during the getaway. Police detective Mickey Ferguson  at first thinks the boy is guilty despite his attraction for his sister Rosa. The two work together to prove the boy innocent even though he was accused of the killing during a death bed confession by one of the robbers. John Ireland plays Duke Martin, a gangster who helped plan the crime in an attempt to skim from his boss\'s money.'] [' Christopher "Chris" Cross , a meek, amateur painter and cashier for clothing retailer, J.J. Hogarth & Company, is fêted by his employer, honoring him for twenty-five years of dull, repetitive service. Hogarth presents him with a watch and kind words, then leaves getting into a car with a beautiful young blonde. Walking home in Greenwich Village, Chris muses to an associate, "I wonder what it\'s like to be loved by a young girl." He helps prostitute Kitty , an amoral fast-talking femme fatale, he sees being apparently being attacked by a man, stunning the assailant with his umbrella. Chris is unaware that the attacker was Johnny , Kitty\'s brutish boyfriend, and sees her safely to her apartment building. Out of gratitude and bemusement, she accepts his offer for a cup of coffee at a nearby bar. From Chris\'s comments about art, Kitty believes him to be a wealthy painter, adding, "To think I took you for a cashier."  Soon, Chris becomes enamored of her because his loveless marriage is tormented by his shrewish wife Adele , who idolizes her former husband, a policeman drowned while trying to save a woman. After Chris confesses that he is married, Johnny convinces Kitty to pursue a relationship in order to extort money from Chris. Kitty inveigles him to rent an apartment for her, one that can also be his art studio. To finance an apartment, Chris steals $500 from his employer. Meanwhile, Johnny unsuccessfully tries selling some of Chris\'s paintings, attracting the interest of art critic David Janeway. Kitty is maneuvered by Johnny into pretending that she painted them, charming the critic with Chris\'s own descriptions of his art, and Janeway promises to represent her. Adele sees her husband\'s paintings in the window of a commercial art gallery as the work of "Katherine March" and accuses him of copying her work. Chris confronts Kitty, who claims she sold them because she needed the money. He is so delighted that his paintings are appreciated, albeit only under Kitty\'s signature, that he happily lets her become the public face of his art. She becomes a huge commercial success, although Chris never receives any of the money. Adele\'s supposedly dead first husband, Higgins, suddenly appears at Chris\'s office to extort money from him. He explains he had not drowned, but had stolen money from the purse of the suicide he tried to save. Already suspected as corrupt for taking bribes from speakeasies, he had taken the opportunity to escape his crimes and his wife. Chris embezzles again to pay off Higgins, but reasons that his marriage will be invalidated if he confronts his wife with her still-living first husband. He contrives a meeting and believes he can then marry Kitty. However he finds her in Johnny\'s arms. He later confronts Kitty, but still asks her to marry him; she taunts him in reply. Enraged with humiliation, he murders Kitty with an ice-pick. Higgins, under arrest, reveals the embezzlement to police and Chris is fired from his job. Johnny is accused, convicted, and put to death for Kitty\'s murder, despite his attempts to implicate Chris. At the trial, all of their deceptions work against Johnny and Chris denies painting any of the pictures. Chris goes unpunished but Kitty is posthumously recognized as a great artist. Haunted by the murder, Chris attempts to hang himself. Although rescued, he is impoverished with no way of claiming credit for his own paintings and tormented by thoughts of Kitty and Johnny being together for eternity loving each other.'] ["Bob and Jill Lawrence , are a British couple on vacation in St. Moritz, Switzerland, with their daughter Betty . Jill is participating in a clay pigeon shooting contest. They befriend a foreigner, Louis Bernard , who is staying in their hotel. One evening, as Jill dances with Louis, she witnesses his assassination as a French spy. Before dying, the spy passes on to them some vital information to be delivered to the British consul. In order to ensure their silence, the assassins, led by a charming and nefarious Abbott , kidnap the Lawrences' daughter. Unable therefore to seek help from the police, the couple return to England and, after following a series of leads, discover that the group intends to assassinate the ambassador of an unidentified European country, during a concert at the Royal Albert Hall. Jill attends the concert and distracts the gunman with a scream. The assassins are tracked to a working-class area of London near the docks, where they have their hide-out in the church of a sun-worshipping cult. Bob enters and is held prisoner, but manages to escape. The police surround the building and a gunfight ensues. The assassins hold out until their ammunition runs low and most of them have been killed. Betty, who has been held there, and one of the criminals are seen on the roof, and it is Jill's sharpshooting skills that dispatch the man, who, it emerges, was the man who beat Jill in a shooting contest in Switzerland. As Abbott seems to commit suicide rather than be captured, Betty is returned to her parents."] ['An American family, Dr. Ben McKenna , his wife Jo  and their son Hank ([[Christopher Olsen  are vacationing in Morocco. On a bus from Casablanca to Marrakesh, they befriend a Frenchman named Louis Bernard , who is friendly enough, but Jo becomes suspicious at his many questions and evasive answers, and thinks he is hiding something. Bernard offers to take the McKennas out to dinner that night but suddenly cancels when a sinister-looking man arrives at the door of the McKenna\'s hotel room claiming to be looking for another guest\'s room. Later, while dining at a local restaurant, the McKennas meet an English couple, the Draytons, who strike up a conversation with the McKennas, who are surprised to see Bernard arrive at the restaurant and sit at another table while apparently ignoring the group. The next day, while exploring a busy outdoor marketplace in Marrakesh with the Draytons, the McKennas see a man in Arab clothing being chased by police. After being stabbed in the back, the man approaches Ben, who discovers the man is really Bernard in disguise. Before dying, Bernard whispers into Ben\'s ear that a foreign statesman will be murdered in London very soon, and that he must tell the authorities there about \'Ambrose Chappell\'. Mrs. Drayton offers to return Hank to the hotel while Dr. and Mrs. McKenna are questioned by the authorities. The interrogator reveals that Bernard was a French Intelligence agent on assignment in Morocco. While at the police station, Ben receives a phone call from a mysterious man who informs him that Hank has been kidnapped but will not be harmed if the McKennas say nothing to the police about Bernard\'s last words. After arriving in London the McKennas are told by Scotland Yard Inspector Buchanan that Bernard was indeed a spy trying to uncover an assassination plot in Morocco, and that they should contact him if they hear from the kidnappers. Leaving friends in their hotel room, the McKennas follow a false lead resulting from their assumption that \'Ambrose Chappell\' is a person, but finally track the kidnappers to a church named \'Ambrose Chapel\', the kidnappers\' base of operations where Mr. Drayton, posing as a minister, is leading a service. While Jo calls police, Drayton ends the service early and Ben confronts him and is knocked out. The Draytons take Hank to a foreign embassy just before Jo arrives with the police at the seemingly deserted chapel. Jo learns Buchanan has gone to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and goes there to get his help. There she sees the man who mistakenly came to her door in Morocco. When he threatens her son if she interferes, she realises he is the assassin sent to kill the foreign Prime Minister  now also at the concert hall. Ben escapes the locked chapel and tracks Jo to the hall, where she points out the assassin to him. Ben frantically searches the balcony boxes for the killer, who is waiting for a cymbal crash to mask the gunshot. But when Jo sees the barrel of the assassin\'s gun appear from behind a curtain, she screams just as the cymbals crash, causing him to miss his mark and merely wound his target. Ben finds and struggles with the assassin, who falls to his death from the balcony. The grateful Prime Minister invites the McKennas to meet with him at his London embassy. The McKennas learn that the Draytons have taken refuge in the Prime Minister\'s embassy, where Hank is being held, and where the ambassador has led the plot to kill his own Prime Minister. Hatching a plan to find their son, Ben and Jo arrive at the residence and are welcomed as heroes for having saved the Prime Minister\'s life. Jo loudly sings a song Hank is familiar with so that he will hear his mother\'s voice and hopefully respond to it. Mrs. Drayton, who is guarding Hank but is unwilling to harm him, tells him to whistle along with the song, which draws Ben to the room where he is being held. Mr. Drayton catches them and tries to escape with the two as hostages, but is struck by Ben and falls down the stairs and is killed when his gun fires accidentally. The McKennas return to their now-sleeping friends in their hotel room, where Ben says, "I\'m sorry we were gone so long, but we had to go over and pick up Hank."'] ['Set in post-Second World War Britain, Noose is the story of black market racketeers who face attempts to bring them to justice by an American fashion journalist, her ex-army fiancé and a gang of honest toughs from a local gym.'] ["Slade, a serial killer, is a lodger in a 19th Century family's London home. So is a singer, Kitty Langley, who definitely has caught Slade's eye. Women are being killed in the Whitechapel district, brutally. Scotland Yard is investigating and a detective, John Warwick, begins to cast his suspicions in Slade's directions. Warwick, meanwhile, has also developed an attraction to Langley. Slade goes to see her perform at a cabaret. He goes backstage afterward and tries to make her his next victim, but Warwick's men get there just in time. Unwilling to be taken into police custody, Slade flees to the riverbank and leaps to his death."] ['The story tells of Leah St. Aubyn  an invalid wife and mother who uses dictatorial control over everyone she knows. Leah\'s family forgive her temperament due to her medical condition, yet she exploits that fact fully. Eventually her behavior leaves her alone and without friends. Yet, even in her dark moments she insists upon "controlling all." Finally, she engineers her own death.'] ['Luxurious diamonds are stolen but before the thief can safely hide them he is strangled by ex-conman Cueball. Cueball takes the diamonds and continues on murdering people that he believes are trying to double-cross him. Dick Tracy allows his girlfriend Tess to act as a buyer for the diamonds but what them Cueball vows to eliminate.'] [" Piano player Al  is bitter about having to work in a New York nightclub. After his girlfriend Sue  leaves to seek fame in Hollywood, he decides to join her. With little money, he has to hitchhike his way across the country. In Arizona, bookie Charles Haskell Jr.  gives him a ride in his convertible. Haskell has Al pass him pills several times along the way. That night, Al is driving while Haskell sleeps, when a rainstorm forces Al to pull over to put up the top. Unable to rouse Haskell, Al opens the passenger-side door. Haskell falls out and strikes his head on the ground. Al then realizes the bookie is dead. Fearful that the police will believe he killed Haskell, Al dumps the body off the side of the road, takes Haskell's money, clothes and identification, then drives away. After spending the night in a motel, Al picks up another hitchhiker, Vera , at a gas station. By sheer bad luck, it turns out that the femme fatale had also been picked up by Haskell earlier. She scratched him deeply in the arm and got out after he tried to become too friendly. When Al identifies himself as Haskell, she blackmails him by threatening to turn him in. In Hollywood, they rent an apartment, posing as Mr. and Mrs. Haskell to provide an address when they go to sell the car. However, Vera learns from a newspaper that Haskell's wealthy father is near death and looking for his son, who ran away as a youth after accidentally injuring his friend. Vera demands that Al impersonate Haskell, but Al balks at this notion, pointing out that he knows nothing about the dead man. Back in the apartment, Vera gets drunk, and they begin arguing. She threatens to call the police, running into the bedroom with the telephone and locking the door. She falls into a stupor on the bed, with the telephone cord tangled around her neck. Al tries to break the cord. Then, when he breaks down the door, he sees that he has accidentally strangled her. He goes hitchhiking again, but is picked up by the police."] ['In San Francisco, private investigator Sam Spade  and his partner Miles Archer ([[Walter Long  are approached by Ruth Wonderly  to follow a man, Floyd Thursby, who allegedly ran off with her younger sister. The two accept the assignment because the money is good, even though they disbelieve her story. Late that night, police detective Tom Polhaus  informs Spade that Archer has been shot and killed while tailing Thursby, but Spade turns down the opportunity to examine the body at the scene. As he\'s leaving, he has a brief conversation in Chinese with a man loitering in a doorway. Later, Polhaus and his superior, Lt. Dundy , visit Spade at his apartment. Thursby has been killed, and they want to know where Spade\'s been in the last few hours, &mdash; they suspect him of killing Thursby to avenge the death of his partner. With no real evidence against Spade, they leave. The next day, Spade calls on Ruth Wonderly in an attempt to find out her real reasons for hiring them. She uses several different ploys to keep Spade on the case in spite of the two murders, but Spade sees through them. Despite this, he gets only a little information from her: Thursby was her accomplice who she no longer trusted, and she feels she\'s in danger &mdash; but she won\'t tell Spade what she and Thursby were trying to pull off. Frustrated, Spade begins to leave, but then thinks better of it. He takes $500 from Wonderly, supposedly the last of her money, and goes. At the office, Spade tells his secretary, Effie  to have Archer\'s name removed from the door, and he receives a visit from a Dr. Joel Cairo , who offers Spade $5,000 if he can retrieve an enamel figurine of a black bird that he is trying to recover for the "rightful owner". Not knowing anything about this statuette, Spade plays along, overpowering Cairo when he pulls a gun and attempts to frisk him and search the office. Nevertheless, he agrees to try to recover the statuette. That night, at his apartment, Spade questions Wonderly about Cairo and the black bird. Nervous about Cairo\'s offer and afraid of losing Spade\'s help, she begins to attempt to seduce him, but is interrupted when Dundy and Polhaus arrive. Spade keeps them outside the door as they question him about his relationship with Archer\'s wife Iva , with whom Spade has been having an affair. They are about to leave when Wonderly screams, and they rush in to find her holding a gun on Cairo. Spade laughs the incident off with a preposterous story which nonetheless gets the police to leave, with Cairo in tow, allowing Spade and Wonderly to continue their interrogation. The next morning, as Wonderly sleeps in his bed, Spade lifts her key and thoroughly searches her apartment, finding nothing. Returning to his own place, Spade gets a visit from Iva Archer. Spade tries to get rid of her, but she sees Wonderly in the bedroom doorway and leaves in a huff, threatening to tell everything she knows to Lt. Dundy. Spade receives a note from Casper Gutman ([[Dudley Digges , inviting him to come and talk about the black bird. Over drinks and cigars, Spade learns the history and value of the statuette, which is encrusted with precious jewels covered over with enamel, and that Gutman is the mastermind behind the attempt to steal the bird. Spade lies to Gutman that "for the right price" he can deliver the figurine in a couple of days, and they make a deal which Gutman seals with a $1000 bill. Just then, Cairo shows up and tells Gutman privately that Spade does not have the falcon, that Captain Jacoby , whose ship La Paloma arrives from Hong Kong that night, does. Gutman then slips Spade a mickey in a celebratory drink, and retrieves his $1000. Later that night, Spade arrives back in his office, where he finds Effie asleep behind his desk. Suddenly, a man staggers in, collapses to the floor and dies &mdash; it\'s Captain Jacoby, and the suitcase he was carrying has the precious black bird in it. Spade checks the bag at a baggage check and sends himself the ticket in the mail. Called in to see the District Attorney  because of what Iva\'s been telling the police, Spade stonewalls them, and is given 24 hours to wrap up the case and bring in the real killers. Wonderly lures Spade into his apartment, where Cairo and Gutman are waiting for him with guns. Knowing that Spade has the falcon, Gutman gives him ten $1000 bills in an envelope, but Spade insists there also has to be a "fall guy" to give the police to account for the murders , and suggests Gutman\'s gunman, Wilmer Cook , as the patsy. Gutman rejects this idea, and Spade then puts forward Cairo as a candidate. Cairo counters that Spade\'s been paid and should bring forward the bird, and they all settle in to wait for the morning, when Spade says he can produce it. As Wonderly leaves to make coffee and sandwiches, Gutman accuses her of stealing one of the bills from the envelope, prompting Spade to have her strip. When he finds she doesn\'t have the bill on her, he accuses Gutman of palming it, which Gutman admits. Now having the upper hand, Spade tells Gutman that Wilmer will be the fall guy, which Cairo and Gutman discuss in a whispered conference. Goaded by Spade, Wilmer pulls his gun, Spade knocks him out &mdash; and Gutman and Cairo agree to Spade\'s proposal. After Spade calls Effie and asks her to pick up the suitcase with the falcon in the morning and bring it to them, Gutman explains to him how Wilmer killed Thursby and Jacoby. When the bag shows up, Wilmer escapes out the window while the conspirators are frantically opening it and examining the black bird. They soon determine that it is a fake &mdash; they\'ve been duped by the previous owner &mdash; and Gutman and Cairo decide to make another attempt to steal it. As they leave, Gutman takes back his $10,000 from Spade at gunpoint. Spade immediately calls Detective Polhaus and tells him to pick up Gutman, Cairo and Wilmer: he\'ll provide Wilmer\'s guns as evidence. Confronting Wonderly, Spade accuses her of killing Archer to throw suspicion on Thursby and get him out of the way. She admits it, and Spade tells her that he\'s going to turn her in for the murder, despite their love for each other. When Dundy and Polhaus show up, they reveal that Wilmer murdered Gutman and Cairo before being apprehended. Spade gives them Wilmer\'s guns, tells them that Wonderly killed Archer, and they take her away. We then learn from a newspaper article that Spade "caused a sensation at [Wonderly\'s] trial when he produced Lee Fu Gow, Chinese merchant, the only eye-witness to the Archer killing, who positively identified Miss Wonderly as the murderess." Spade goes to visit Wonderly in prison to tell her that he\'s been made Chief Investigator for the District Attorney\'s office. Spade asks the prison matron to treat Wonderly well and give her whatever she wants. When the matron asks who will pay for the special treatment, Spade tells her to send the bill to the D.A.\'s office: "I\'ll OK it."'] ["Crystal Shackelford  lures two strangers, solicitor Jerome K. Arbutny  and charming and erudite drunkard Johnny West  to her London flat on Chinese New Year in 1938 because of her belief that if three strangers make the same wish to an idol of Kwan Yin, Chinese goddess of fortune and destiny, the wish will be granted. Since money will make their dreams come true, the three go in on a sweepstakes ticket for the Grand National horse race together and agree that they will not sell the ticket if it is chosen, but will hold onto it until the race is run. Shackelford would use the money to try to win her estranged husband back, Arbutny to smooth the way for his selection to the prestigious Barrister's Club, and Johnny to buy a bar and live in it. The stories of the three strangers are revealed. Shackelford's husband David  moved to Canada and fell in love with Janet Elliot . He returns, just after Johnny and Arbutny take their leave of Crystal, and demands a divorce, but she refuses. She sees to it that he loses a promotion. She also lies to Janet, telling her that David still loves her and that she is pregnant. The trusting woman believes her and returns to Canada. With the help of an adoring Icey Crane , Johnny has been hiding out after his drunken participation in a botched robbery that resulted in the death of a policeman. Icey commits perjury in order to provide an alibi for the murderer and ringleader, Bertram Fallon . When a second witness is discredited, Fallon confesses to the robbery but blames the murder on West and the third man involved, Gabby . Johnny is caught and sentenced to death, but Gabby finds Fallon on his way to prison and stabs him. On his deathbed, Fallon clears Johnny. Arbutny has been speculating in stocks with money from the trust fund of Lady Rhea Belladon , an eccentric widow who believe she can talk with her dead husband. When the stock falls and his margin is called, a desperate Arbutny proposes to Lady Belladon. After consulting with her dead husband, she turns him down. Worse, she says that Lord Belladon wants to have the books checked. Arbutny is about to shoot himself when he sees in a newspaper that the sweepstakes ticket has drawn the favorite in the Grand National. The three strangers converge on Crystal's flat. Arbutny wants to sell his share of the ticket immediately so he can replace the funds he stole before his crime can be uncovered. Johnny is willing, but Shackelford is adamant that they stick to their original agreement. Arbutny becomes enraged and kills her with her statue of Kwan Yin. He then panics and runs out into the middle of the busy street, where he is struck down by a car, but not fatally. When the police arrive, he confesses the murder to them. Ironically, their horse wins. However, Johnny realizes that the winning ticket has to be destroyed because their signatures are on it; the money would be seen as a motive for murder. They leave, but the guilt-ridden Arbutny confesses in public what he has done. Johnny returns to the pub, where Icey finds him. Content with her, he sets the ticket on fire."] ['In this police thriller that partly takes place in Chicago Union Station, a railway policeman, William Calhoun, is approached at work by an apprehensive passenger named Joyce Willecombe  who believes that two travelers aboard her train may have been up to no good. Joyce is the secretary to a rich man named Henry Murchison , whose blind daughter, Lorna, has been kidnapped and held for ransom. The railway station where Calhoun works has been chosen as the location to pay off the ransom. Calhoun and fellow cop Inspector Donnelly race against time to find the kidnappers and bring them to justice.'] ['A group of children are playing an elimination game in the courtyard of an apartment building in BerlinWhile the location is never mentioned in the film, the dialect used by the characters is characteristic of Berliners, and a police inspector\'s map labeled "Berlin" and a policeman\'s order to take a suspect to the "Alex", Berlin\'s central police headquarters on the Alexanderplatz, make the venue clear. using a chant about a child murderer. A woman  sets the table for dinner, waiting for her daughter to come home from school. A wanted poster in the street describes a serial killer preying on children, as anxious parents wait outside a school. Little Elsie Beckmann  leaves school, bouncing a ball on her way home. She is approached by Hans Beckert , who is whistling "In the Hall of the Mountain King" by Edvard Grieg. He offers to buy her a balloon from a blind man. He walks and talks with her. Elsie\'s place at the dinner table remains empty, her ball is shown rolling away across a patch of grass, and her balloon is lost in the telephone lines overhead. In the wake of Elsie\'s death, Beckert sends an angry letter about his crimes to the newspapers, giving the police new clues using the new state of the art techniques of fingerprinting and handwriting analysis. Under increasing pressure from city leaders, the police work around the clock, harrying the criminal underworld without obtaining any solid leads. Inspector Karl Lohmann , instructs his men to intensify their search and to check the records of recently released psychiatric patients to look for those with a history of violence against children. They stage frequent raids to question known criminals, affecting underworld business so badly that Der Schränker  calls a meeting of the city\'s crime bosses. They decide to organize their own manhunt, using beggars to watch and guard the children. The police discover two clues corresponding to the killer\'s letter in Beckert\'s rented rooms. They wait there to arrest him. Beckert sees a young girl in the reflection of a shop window. Following her, he is thwarted when the girl meets her mother. When he encounters another young girl, he succeeds in befriending her, but his whistling is recognized by the blind balloon vendor. The blind man alerts one of his friends, who tails the killer with assistance from other beggars he alerts along the way. Afraid of losing him, one young man chalks a large M  on his hand, pretends to trip and bumps into Beckert, marking his upper back with it. The beggars close in. When Beckert finally realizes he is being followed, he hides inside a large office building just before the workers leave for the evening. The beggars call Der Schränker, and a team of criminals arrive. They tie up and torture a guard for information, capture the remaining watchmen, then systematically search the building from coal cellar to attic, finally capturing Beckert. When one of the watchmen trips the silent alarm, the crooks narrowly escape with their prisoner before the police arrive. One, however, is captured and eventually tricked into revealing the purpose of the break-in  and where Beckert would be taken. The criminals drag Beckert to an abandoned distillery to face a kangaroo court. He finds a large, silent crowd awaiting him. Beckert is given a "lawyer", who gamely argues in his defense but fails to win any sympathy from the "jury". Beckert delivers an impassioned monologue, saying that his urges compel him to commit the crimes which he later regrets, while other criminals present break the law by choice. His "lawyer" points out that the presiding "judge" is himself wanted on three counts of murder. Beckert pleads to be handed over to the police, asking, "Who knows what it\'s like to be me?" Just as the enraged mob are about to kill him, the police arrive. Five judges prepare to pass judgment on Beckert. Before the sentence is announced, the shot cuts to three of the victims\' mothers crying. Elsie\'s mother says that no sentence would bring back the dead children, and that "One has to keep closer watch over the children." The screen goes black as she adds, "All of you."Garnham, Nicholas. M: a film by Fritz Lang. New York: Simon and Schulster. 1968. SBN 68-27589. pp. 15-108.'] ['A woman is found wandering Los Angeles, unable to say anything other than "David." Admitted to hospital, she is coaxed into recounting her life. Louise Howell is an emotionally unstable woman working as a nurse to the invalid wife of Dean Graham in the Graham home. Louise is in love with neighbor David Sutton, an engineer, who loathes her smothering obsession with him; he ends the relationship and leaves the area to Louise\'s great hurt. Shortly after, Graham\'s wife drowns. Louise remains in the home to care for the two Graham children: young Wynn and college-age Carol. Time passes and David re-enters the scene, having taken an engineering job with Graham. He is surprised to find Louise with the family. Louise — still obsessed with David — makes a pass and is rebuffed. Moments later, Graham proposes to Louise and she accepts to salvage her pride. Carol takes a fancy to David, much to the consternation of Louise, who tries to dissuade Carol from establishing a relationship with him. Louise\'s mind begins to decline with her obsession over David; she hears voices, has hallucinations, and believes her husband\'s first wife is still alive. When David and Carol consider marriage, Louise tries to end their relationship. Graham is concerned about Louise\'s mental state and tries to persuade her to see a doctor. Believing her husband, David, and Carol are all against her and trying to put her away, Louise bursts into David\'s apartment and kills him in a schizophrenic episode. The psychiatrist to whom Louise has recounted her story pronounces her insane and not responsible for her actions. He laments that he had not seen her sooner, as he is sure that if he had, the tragedy could have been avoided. He tells Graham that he intends to help Louise back to sanity, though the process will be long and arduous, with much pain and suffering in store for her. Graham pledges his full support and vows that he always be there for her, no matter how difficult it becomes.'] ["Charlie Castle, a very successful Hollywood actor, lives in a huge home. But his wife Marion is on the verge of leaving him, which he refuses to confirm to influential gossip columnist Patty Benedict. On his wife's advice, Castle is adamantly refusing to renew his contract, which enrages Stanley Shriner Hoff, his powerful studio boss. Castle wants to be free from the studio's grip on his life and career. Hoff and his right-hand man Smiley Coy have knowledge of a hit-and-run accident in which Castle was involved and threaten to use this information against him. Hoff is willing to do anything to make the actor sign a seven-year renewal. Castle's soul is tortured. He wants to win back his idealistic wife, who has been proposed to by Hank Teagle, a writer. And he longs to do more inspiring work than the schlock films Hoff makes him do, pleading with his needy agent Nat to help him be free. But the studio chief's blackmail works and Charlie signs the new contract. Feeling sorry for himself, the darker side of his nature causes Castle to have a fling with Connie, the flirtatious wife of his friend Buddy Bliss, who had taken the blame for Charlie's car accident. When a struggling starlet named Dixie Evans threatens to reveal what she knows about the crash, Hoff and Smiley decide to have her silenced permanently. They try to involve Castle in their sinister plot and even extort Charlie's wife, secretly recording her conversations with the new man in her life. That is the last straw for Castle, who finally defies the ruthless men who employ him. However, having betrayed a friend, lost the woman he loves and sacrificed his integrity, Charlie can no longer live with himself. He has a hot bath drawn, gets into it and ends his own life."] ["After one book that ended up in the remainder bins, novelist Byron Tiller's inability to pay the bills strains relations with his wife. Desperate for any kind of income, he meets Luther Fox, an Englishman who runs an exclusive escort service called Elysian Fields, and is offered a job. Hiding his new employment from his wife, Byron's's first client, Andrea, is married to a much-older Pulitzer Prize-winning author whom Tiller greatly admires. Complications develop as he tries to separate a professional obligation to a client from a professional interest in her spouse."] [' Father Michael Logan  is a devout Catholic priest in a church in Quebec City. To take care of the church and the rectory, Father Logan employs a caretaker, Otto Keller , and a housekeeper, Otto\'s wife Alma , who are German immigrants with very little money, although in their homeland they were more affluent. Otto Keller also works part-time as a gardener for a few householders in Quebec City. Very late one evening Keller asks if Father Logan will hear his confession. In the confessional, Keller confesses that he went to try to steal money from a person he gardens for, a rich lawyer called Villette, and in the process he killed him. Because of the binding nature of the secrecy of the confessional, Father Logan cannot tell the police anything he now knows about this crime. At the time of the murder, two young girls saw someone leaving the house of the murdered man wearing a cassock. While this was just Otto\'s disguise, suspicion falls upon Father Logan himself . It gradually becomes apparent that Logan, in his early life before he became a priest, had a girlfriend, Ruth , who has always loved him and still does, even though she is now married to someone else. In flashbacks it is shown that Logan stopped writing to Ruth not long after he went off to war. After he came back, Ruth and Logan ended up stranded on an island during a storm, and were forced to shelter for the night in a gazebo. In the morning Villette finds them there, makes offensive comments about Ruth, and is punched by Logan. It turns out that Ruth had married a prominent politician without ever telling Logan, who leaves her and does not see her for years. But Ruth is being blackmailed by Villette. Both her and her husband\'s lives would be ruined if her previous relationship with Logan were made public, and so she had met with Logan on the night of the murder to ask him for advice about the blackmail situation.  Villette\'s death comes as a relief to Ruth, and she tells the police about her meeting with Father Logan in order to provide him an alibi, but the meeting did not correspond exactly to the time of the murder and in fact suggests a possible motive. The police then assume that Father Logan killed the blackmailer Villette to protect Ruth and himself, and that there is an ongoing scandalous relationship between the two of them. The situation is made worse by Otto Keller, who lies extensively to the police in order to try to ensure that he himself is safe from suspicion and thus in effect is attempting to ensure that Father Logan is convicted of the murder. Father Logan comes very close to being found guilty and executed for a crime he did not commit, a sort of martyrdom. At the end of his trial, he is just barely found "not guilty", but his reputation as a priest is ruined, and the people of Quebec City gather on the courthouse steps to revile him. Otto\'s wife cannot bear to see this, and starts to shout out that it was her husband who killed the man, but Otto pulls out a gun and shoots his wife in order to silence her. Running away, Otto is cornered by the police in the grand ballroom of the Château Frontenac. The detective who investigated the story is unable to elicit any comment from Father Logan, and so suspects that Otto is in fact Villette\'s murderer, and asks him so. Otto then assumes that Father Logan has broke the secret of his confession. Otto declares his guilt and tries to shoot Father Logan, who bravely attempts to approach him and reason with him. Instead, Otto himself is fatally wounded by a police sharpshooter. In extremis Otto calls out to Father Logan to forgive him, and receives absolution. Subtle visual references to Christ, the cross, and the crucifix occur frequently throughout the movie. The soundtrack uses the melody from the Gregorian Chant "Dies Irae" throughout. Alfred Hitchcock\'s cameo is a signature occurrence in most of his films. In I Confess he can be seen right after the opening credits walking across the top of a steep stairway.'] ["Against the wishes of his law partners, lawyer Andrew Morton  takes the case of Nick Romano , a troubled young man from the slums, partly because he himself came from the same slums, and partly because he feels guilty for botching the criminal trial of Nick's father years earlier . Nick is on trial for viciously killing a policeman point-blank and faces execution if convicted . Morton's strategy in the courtroom is to argue that slums breed criminals and that the community is partly to blame for crimes committed by the people who are forced to live in such miserable conditions. Through flashbacks, Morton demonstrates that Romano is more a victim of society than a natural-born killer. Yet, Morton's strategy does not have the desired result on the jury thanks to the badgering of District Attorney Kernan . Morton, however, does manage to arouse sympathy for the plight of those trapped by birth and circumstance in a dead-end existence."] ['This noir, set in Los Angeles, tells the story of John Forbes , a bored man working for an insurance company. The middle-class married man craves excitement in his day-to-day life. He gets his wish when he begins investigating an embezzlement case and meets model Mona Stevens . Forbes is tasked with getting hold of some expensive gifts given to Stevens, the girlfriend of an embezzler who\'s serving time in prison. Insurance agent Forbes ends up spending the day with the sultry blond on her speedboat, appropriately named "Tempest," and a romance begins brewing. Forbes, attracted to the blond, fudges the reports so he won\'t have to take the boat away from her. But the couple find themselves being stalked and threatened by a jealous, and suspicious, ex-cop . As the ex-police officer\'s sadistic obsession grows, and the day of her jailbird boyfriend\'s release from prison approaches, Mona fears for her safety and John longs for the days before he got involved in all this trouble. Things finally go too far when he turns to murder.'] ['Rosa Moline is the neglected wife of a small-town Wisconsin doctor. She grows bored and becomes infatuated with a visiting Chicago businessman. She extorts money from her husband\'s patients and uses the cash to flee to Chicago, but the businessman does not welcome her. She returns home and becomes pregnant by her husband. The businessman has a change of heart and follows her to Wisconsin. He wants her back, but not her baby, so she attempts to abort by throwing herself down a hill and gets peritonitis, dying in what Bette Davis called "the longest death scene ever seen on the screen."http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0041172 Beyond the Forest  page at the Internet Movie Database, accessed 13 November 2009Davis described her end as "the longest death scene ever seen on the screen." Medved & Medved, p. 204'] ['The picture tells of Roy "Mad Dog" Earle , an aging bank robber who intends to pull off one last heist before retiring. Sprung from prison by crime boss Big Mac , Earle agrees to plan the robbery of a resort hotel. His partners include the hotheaded Babe , Red , and Louis Mendoza , as the "inside man." Along for the ride is Marie , a dance-hall girl whom Babe recently met. Marie falls in love with Earle, but he is more interested in Velma , the club-footed daughter of a farmer  whom Earle had earlier befriended. Intending to use his share of the loot to pay for Velma\'s needed operation, Earle goes through with the robbery, only to be thwarted by the ineptitude of his gang, the treachery of the late Big Mac\'s successors, and the fickle Velma. With the still faithful Marie by his side, Earle makes a desperate escape into the High Sierras, but noir fate is against him.'] ['Late one night, private investigator Philip Marlowe is visited by his close friend, Terry Lennox, who asks for a lift from Los Angeles to the California–Mexico border at Tijuana. He obliges. On returning home, Marlowe is awaited by two police department detectives, who accuse Terry Lennox of having murdered his rich wife, Sylvia. Marlowe refuses to give them any information and they arrest him. After three days in jail, the police release him, because Terry Lennox committed suicide in Mexico. It is an open-and-shut case to the police and the press, but the "official facts" do not sit right with Marlowe. In the meantime, Marlowe is hired by Eileen Wade, the platinum-blonde trophy wife of Roger Wade, an alcoholic novelist with writers\' block, whose macho, Hemingway-like persona is proving self-destructive. She asks that Marlowe find her husband, who, despite such regular alcoholic binges and days-long disappearances, now seems to be missing. In the course of investigating Mrs. Wade\'s missing-husband case &mdash; visiting the sub-culture of "private" detoxification clinics for rich alcoholics and drug addicts &mdash; Marlowe learns that the Wades "knew" the Lennoxes socially. He is increasingly convinced that there is more to Terry\'s suicide and the murder of Sylvia. Marlowe incurs the wrath of ruthless gangster Marty Augustine, who wants money returned that Lennox owed him. Augustine viciously injures his own mistress just to demonstrate what could happen to Marlowe, saying: "Her, I love. You, I don\'t even like." The return of Augustine\'s money in the nick of time frees Marlowe to take a second trip to Mexico, where he ultimately uncovers the truth of what happened between Terry and Sylvia Lennox.'] ['Despite having written several books describing marriage as an "old-fashioned superstition", Mortimer Brewster  falls in love with Elaine Harper , who grew up next door to him in Brooklyn, and, on Halloween day, they marry. Immediately after the wedding, Mortimer visits the eccentric but lovable relatives who raised him and who still live in his old family home: his elderly aunts Abby  and Martha , and his brother Teddy ([[John Alexander , who believes he is Theodore Roosevelt. Each time Teddy goes upstairs, he yells "Charge!" and takes the stairs at a run, imitating Roosevelt\'s famous charge up San Juan Hill. Mortimer finds a corpse hidden in a window seat and assumes that Teddy has committed murder under some delusion, but his aunts explain that they are responsible . They explain in the most innocent terms that they have developed what Mortimer calls the "very bad habit" of ending the presumed suffering of lonely old bachelors by serving them elderberry wine spiked with arsenic, strychnine and "just a pinch of cyanide". The bodies are buried in the basement by Teddy, who believes he is digging locks for the Panama Canal and burying yellow fever victims. To complicate matters further, Mortimer\'s brother Jonathan  arrives with his alcoholic accomplice, plastic surgeon Dr. Herman Einstein . Jonathan is a murderer trying to escape the police and find a place to dispose of the corpse of his latest victim, a certain Mr. Spenalzo. Jonathan\'s face, as altered by Einstein while drunk, looks like Boris Karloff\'s in his makeup as Frankenstein\'s monster. This resemblance The reference to Karloff was originally a self-referential joke due to the veteran actor renown for monster roles playing the character of Jonathan Brewster on stage.<ref nameN is frequently noted, much to Jonathan\'s annoyance. Jonathan, upon finding out his aunts\' secret, decides to bury Spenalzo in the cellar  and soon declares his intention to kill Mortimer. While Elaine waits at her family home next door for Mortimer to take her on their honeymoon, Mortimer makes increasingly frantic attempts to stay on top of the situation, including multiple efforts to alert the bumbling local cops to the threat Jonathan poses, as well as to get the paperwork filed that will have Teddy declared legally insane and committed to a mental asylum . He also worries that he will go insane like the rest of the Brewster family. As he puts it, "Insanity runs in my family, practically gallops!" While explaining this to Elaine, he claims they\'ve been crazy since the first Brewsters came to America as pilgrims. But eventually Jonathan is arrested, while Teddy is safely consigned to an asylum and the two aunts insist upon joining him. Finally, Abby and Martha inform Mortimer that he is not biologically related to the Brewsters after all: his real mother was the aunts\' cook and his father had been a chef on a steamship. In the film\'s closing scene, after lustily kissing Elaine and before whisking her away to their honeymoon, he gleefully exclaims "I\'m not a Brewster, I\'m a son of a sea cook!""Arsenic and Old Lace Synopsis." gbproductions.org. Retrieved: October 24, 2009. This is a Hollywood Production Code bowdlerization of the line in the play: "I\'m a bastard!"'] ['{{Expand section}} The film opens in San Francisco, where John Triton  is "The Mental Wizard", a nightclub fortune teller. During a show one evening, Triton suddenly urges an audience member to rush home, cautioning that her son is in danger. As the story unfolds, Triton struggles with his newfound psychic ability, as all of his relentlessly bleak predictions prove accurate. Jerome Cowan (of [[The Maltese Falcon  plays Whitney Courtland, Triton\'s best friend, who becomes wealthy using tips from the now-psychic Triton.'] ['The film starts by showing us the novelist Richard Harland  who has been released and is traveling home after two years in prison. In a flashback  we see how Richard meets beautiful socialite Ellen Berent  on a train. Ellen falls in love with him, mainly because he so closely resembles her recently deceased father, to whom she was obsessively attached. Ellen is already engaged to another man , but she jilts him and rapidly marries Richard, who at first is fascinated not only with Ellen\'s beauty, but with her exotic and intense manner. It gradually becomes apparent however that Ellen is pathologically jealous towards any other person and any other activity that her husband cares about. Two tragedies strike Richard: the "accidental" drowning death of his younger disabled brother, whom he dearly loved, and the "accidental" death of Richard\'s unborn son when Ellen "trips" and falls down a flight of stairs. The husband starts to suspect that his wife is directly responsible for these two deaths. When Ellen confesses to him what she did and why she did it, he leaves her. She then decides to kill herself with poison, making sure that in doing so she frames , her adoptive sister Ruth , a sweet and wholesome woman of whom Richard is very fond. Ellen\'s ex-fiance is the prosecutor for Ruth\'s trial. The trial is going very badly for Ruth, who under pressure has admitted that she does in fact love Richard, a fact she had previously kept hidden. Then Richard testifies about Ellen\'s insane jealousy and her confessions to him. Ruth is acquitted, and Richard is sentenced to 2 years in prison for his part in the two murders . The flashback ends, and Richard is seen being welcomed home with a loving embrace from Ruth.'] ["Michael Chambers returns home to celebrate his mother's remarriage. Michael had fled his hometown due to gambling indiscretions and had left his wife Rachel to deal with the mess he created. He must now reassimilate into the town, renew his relationships with his family and friends  and, most of all, seek out his ex-wife to woo her again. Michael obtains a job working for his mother's new husband as an armored car driver. He almost seems the perfect prodigal son as he finds his niche back in the community and his way back into his ex-wife's heart. His troubles increase when he and Rachel are caught in the act by her hoodlum boyfriend Dundee. To get out of this predicament, Michael must concoct a plan to steal a payroll being transported by his armored car company."] ["Based on a true story, the US secret service goes after a gang of counterfeiters, whose engraver  has secretly constructed his plates while in prison. A federal agent  poses as the counterfeiters' contact man in order to purchase enough bills to incriminate the gang."] ["After the prosecution rests its case in the murder trial of Larry Ballentine , the defense attorney puts his client on the stand to tell his story. Larry had married Greta  for her money. In flashback, he recounts how he started seeing Janice Bell  behind his wife's back, innocently enough in secluded New York City bars, but feelings had grown between them. Unwilling to break up a marriage, Janice gets a job transfer, but Larry lies, saying that he and Greta have grown apart and that he will leave her. However, when Rita learns by chance that Janice is moving to Montreal, and that Larry is going on a business trip there, she figures it out. Greta is too deeply in love to give Larry up on her own, so she leaves the decision up to him, telling him that she has bought him an isolated ranch and a partnership in brokerage firm in Los Angeles. The temptation is too great for him. At the brokerage, Larry is reprimanded by his business partner, Trenton , for neglecting a rich client. Employee Verna Carlson  protects him by producing a copy of a letter supposedly mailed by Larry to the client the day before, but actually written by her and sent special delivery that day. Larry resists becoming romantically entangled again, but she soon has him taking her to remote bars and restaurants. She brazenly admits she is a gold digger . It becomes so serious that Larry decides to clean out his joint checking account and run away with her. He writes a check for $25,000 for Verna to cash, and leaves a note for his wife advising her to get a divorce. At the rendezvous, Verna produces the uncashed check, showing that she genuinely loves him, not the money. Larry tears it up. As they drive to Reno that night, however, an oncoming truck blows a tire and swerves into their path. Verna is killed and Larry seriously injured. The police mistakenly identify her unrecognizable body as that of Greta, giving Larry an idea. Once he recovers, he returns to the ranch, planning to kill Greta and inherit her money. He finds his note at the top of a cliff and her lifeless body below in her favorite spot. He dumps the corpse in the nearby river. Depressed by all that has happened, Larry takes a tour of South America and the Caribbean to try to cheer himself up, with little luck. In Jamaica, however, he runs into Janice. He persuades her to reconcile, and they return to Los Angeles together. Later, by accident, he sees Trenton go into her apartment. He eavesdrops through the open window and discovers that Janice has not forgiven him. She is working with Trenton, who has become concerned about Verna's disappearance. When Trenton has enough information, he calls in the police. Lieutenant Carr obtains a search warrant for the ranch. They eventually find Greta's body in the river, but assume that it is Verna. Local storekeeper Thomason  is a witness to Larry and Verna driving away together, the last time she was seen. The police theorize that Larry killed her because she was blackmailing him over their affair. While the jury deliberates, Larry receives a visit from Janice, whose love for him has revived. He informs her that listening to his own story has made him realize that he has destroyed four lives, and that he has passed judgment on himself. Back in court, just before the jury's verdict is delivered, Larry rushes to the window; a fatal shot saves him the trouble of committing suicide. The judge instructs that the verdict be read out anyway to make things official: not guilty."] ["The film tells the story of two roommates. One of the men, who suffered a head injury during the war, meets a girl and begins to date her. When he finds out she's dating other men around town he dumps her and starts dating her sweet twin sister, who ends up missing and later is found murdered on an apartment rooftop. Her boyfriend is accused of the crime.IMDb profile of The GuiltyAllmovie.com profile of the film The film is based on Woolrich's short story Two Men in a Furnished Room. The film was produced by oil millionaire Jack Wrather, the husband of lead actress Bonita Granville."] ["The film concerns a middle-aged railway pointsman, Maloin , who lives in a decrepit apartment in a port town with his highly-strung wife Camélia  and his daughter Henriette . One night while in his viewing tower at the port's rail terminus, Maloin witnesses a fight on the dockside. One of the shady combatants is knocked into the water along with the briefcase he carries; when the other flees the dark quayside, Maloin makes a clandestine descent from the tower and retrieves the briefcase, which he finds full of sodden English banknotes. Maloin conceals the money and tells no-one of what he has seen. The next morning, he visits a tavern where he plays chess with the barkeep . On his way home, he stops by the butcher's where his daughter works, and finds to his indignation that they have her washing the floor. Later, from the window of his apartment, he notices Brown  watching him from below. At dinner, Maloin is increasingly irascible, addressing Henriette brusquely and arguing with Camélia. Meanwhile Brown searches the water at the dock's edge without success before noticing the watchtower overlooking the quayside, and Maloin within. Later at the tavern, a police inspector from London named Morrison  discusses with Brown the matter of the stolen money. Morrison claims to be working on behalf of a theater owner named Mitchell, a theatre owner from whose office safe the £55,000 was stolen. Morrison proposes that Brown, being intimately familiar with Mitchell's office, is the only man he knows who was capable of making away with the money without raising alarm. Morrison indicates that Mitchell cares only that the money is returned swiftly, and is even prepared to offer a two nights' theater takings in exchange. When Morrison mentions having visited Brown's wife and asks what he should tell Mitchell, Brown leaves the room under a pretense and slips out a side door. Nearby playing chess with the barkeep, Maloin has overheard the conversation. Maloin calls to the butcher's and drags Henriette from the store against her will and over the protestations of the butcher's wife . He brings her to the tavern for a drink, where he overhears the barkeep telling another patron the story of Brown's meeting with the inspector, revealing that Morrison had called the local police when Brown absconded. Though Henriette refuses her drink, Maloin buys her an expensive mink stole. They return home to the consternation of Camélia, who cannot comprehend why Maloin has ruined Henriette's chances of a job and spent what little savings the family had on the extravagant stole. During Maloin's shift the next night he is visited by Morrison, who questions him as to the previous night's events as the body of the drowned man is retrieved from the quayside below. The next day at the tavern, Morrison meets Brown's wife , and tells her that Brown is under suspicion for the theft and for the murder at the quayside. He asks for her help in finding him and repeats to her Mitchell's offer to Brown, but she remains silent. At home, Henriette tells Maloin she found a man in their hut at the seaside, and in fear locked the door and ran home. An agitated Maloin tells her not to tell anyone, and leaves for the hut. He unlocks the door, and receiving no response to his calling Brown's name, steps inside, closing the door behind. Minutes later he re-emerges, breathing heavily. After pausing to compose himself, he locks the door and leaves. In the next scene, Maloin presents the briefcase to Morrison in the tavern, and asks him to arrest him, confessing to having killed Brown an hour ago. Morrison leaves with Maloin for the hut, dismissing the frenzied inquiries of Brown's wife about her husband and handing the briefcase to the barkeep on the way out. Brown's wife follows the men to the hut, and emerges weeping with Brown moments later. Back at the tavern, Morrison prepares two envelopes with a small portion of the recovered money in each. One he leaves with the grieving widow to whom he apologizes and wishes well, while the other he gives to Maloin, telling him that his case was one of self-defense. As he is preparing to leave, Morrison advises Maloin to go home and forget the whole affair. The camera focuses on the expressionless face of Brown's wife momentarily before fading to white."] ['"...This is a hurricane. Hurricanes are windstorms of great violence several hundred miles in diameter, with a dead calm at the center called the eye. Like whirlpools, they spin rapidly, hurling great destruction in their paths. They\'re spawned in the doldrums, their father the heat of the sun, their mother the moisture of the sea. From July to December every year, the Caribbean crawls with these evil offspring of the elements..." Slattery\'s Hurricane thus begins with this narrative by Gary Merrill. Will Slattery , a former World War II Navy pilot still on inactive reserve, forcibly takes his employer&#39;s Grumman Mallard from the estate in Miami and heads for an incoming hurricane. He obtains his bearings from a Navy control tower by pretending to be a weather patrol flight. Despite a threat of court martial when the Navy discovers the ruse, Slattery flies into the storm, reviewing his life in flashback for the next hour... Disgruntled with the service, in part because he was disciplined instead of decorated for a hazardous mission, Slattery left the Navy and became a private pilot for candy manufacturer R.J. Milne  on the recommendation of his girlfriend, Dolores Grieves , Milne&#39;s secretary. He lives an easy life, until the day he literally bumps into &#34;Hobby&#34; Hobson ([[John Russell , an old Navy buddy. Amused that Hobson stayed in the Navy, he nonetheless accepts an invitation to fly along on a weather flight into the heart of a hurricane. Slattery is disturbed to find that Hobby is married to Slattery&#39;s former lover, Aggie , who ended their unhappy relationship years before. At dinner for the two couples, he pretends to have just met her, but Dolores immediately suspects their past attachment. Slattery invites Hobby to fly with him the next day, maneuvering Aggie into coming along, to show off his lifestyle, and introduces them to Milne and his shady partner, Gregory . Slattery tricks Aggie into meeting him alone while Hobby is away, and although she initially rejects his &#34;fast one&#34;, he seduces her. Dolores confronts Slattery and they argue over his betrayal of Hobby and the effect his job is having on him. He soon discovers Dolores not only moved out, but quit her job as well, alarming Milne and Gregory, who fear she knows too much about their dealings. In the meantime, Slattery&#39;s affair with Aggie continues. Milne has Slattery fly him to a remote Caribbean island, where Milne has a heart attack. Slattery tries to save his life on the flight back, and discovers that Milne is smuggling drugs, taped to his chest. Milne dies and Slattery keeps the &#34;parcel&#34;. Dolores telephones him and warns him again to get out, but he gets drunk instead. Gregory beats him up to get back the &#34;parcel&#34;, but Slattery counters with a warning that he has hidden information about the smuggling ring in a safe deposit box, should anything happen to him. The Navy unexpectedly awards Slattery the Navy Cross from his wartime heroics. Dolores attends the ceremony, but when she sees Slattery embrace Aggie afterwards, collapses and is hospitalized in a psychiatric ward. Slattery is called in by her doctor and castigated for his role in her illness. He leaves his Navy Cross with Dolores and goes to Aggie&#39;s to end the relationship. A drunken Hobby is there, however, having discovered the affair. He beats an unresisting Will, but is ordered to report for a hurricane mission. Slattery sees that Hobby is in no condition to fly the mission and knocks him out to prevent it. He then steals his employer&#39;s plane and flies into the storm... Slattery flies into the eye of the hurricane and reports its position. His warning is instrumental in saving Miami from serious loss of life and property loss, but in returning to Miami, he loses an engine. Believing he will crash, he also radios the tower about the location of the drug-smuggling information. When the plane does crash, he unexpectedly survives. Slattery is accepted back on active duty, and by Dolores.'] ["Ex-con turned private investigator Bradford Galt ([[Mark Stevens  suspects someone is following him and maybe even trying to kill him. With the assistance of his spunky secretary Kathleen , he dives deep into a mystery in search of answers. Galt turns the tables on the man following him , who claims to be a private eye named Foss, hired by Galt's sworn enemy, a corrupt lawyer named Tony Jardine. In the meantime, Jardine has begun having an affair with the much-younger wife of Hardy Cathcart , a wealthy art-gallery owner. It appears that Jardine is setting up Galt to take another fall. But it turns out Foss is not a private eye but a thug named Stauffer, secretly working for Cathcart. He ambushes Galt, knocking him out with ether, then murders Jardine and places a bloody poker in Galt's hand. Kathleen has fallen in love with Galt, so she aids him in covering up the crime and in trying to find out who's behind it. Cathcart, rather than pay off Stauffer, pushes him through a window to his death. It appears Cathcart has thought of everything, but just as he is about to eliminate Galt at the art gallery, someone else arrives to ruin Cathcart's diabolical plan."] ["Blaise Starrett  is a ruthless cattleman at odds with homesteaders in a small, bleak western town in Wyoming called Bitters. A feud develops between Starrett and a local farmer, Hal Crane, and the farmer's wife, Helen, agrees to renew a love affair with Starrett if he promises not to kill Hal. The feud is about to come to a bloody end when Jack Bruhn , and his band of thugs ride into town. They are on the run from the law after robbing a bank. He is a wounded outlaw, a former cavalry officer but that doesn't stop him and his gang holding the town's civilians hostage. Starrett must now find a way to save his town, and redeem himself in the process. He does so by helping the bad guys escape, or so they think, across the snow-covered mountains."] ["Young model Leonora Eames  weds multimillionaire Smith Ohlrig . Ohlrig is deranged and did not marry for love. Eames insists several times that she married for love, but the film suggests that she is deluding herself. When Ohlrig becomes too abusive, she leaves him, penniless, to find a job at a medical clinic in a poor neighborhood and eventually falls for Dr. Larry Quinada . During a one-night reconciliation with Ohlrig, she becomes pregnant. Ohlrig seeks to use the child as leverage to force Leonora to return to him -- purely to assert his own power, and not out of any love for her. When he has an attack of angina , Leonora refuses to help him swallow his medication. Thinking she's caused his death , she calls Quinada for help and prematurely enters labor. Quinada rushes her to the hospital, but the baby is stillborn. With the baby lost, however, Ohlrig no longer has any leverage over Leonora, and she is now free to divorce him and marry Quinada."] ['The plot of The Big Sleep is unusually complex. Some details remain hazy at the film\'s end. Private detective Philip Marlowe  calls on new client General Sternwood  at his Los Angeles mansion. The wealthy general wants to resolve gambling debts his daughter, Carmen Sternwood , owes to bookseller Arthur Gwynn Geiger. As Marlowe is leaving, General Sternwood\'s older daughter, Mrs. Vivian Rutledge , stops him. She suspects her father\'s true motive for calling in a detective is to find his friend Sean Regan, who had mysteriously disappeared a month earlier. Marlowe goes to Geiger\'s "rare book shop." Agnes Louzier , Geiger\'s assistant, minds the shop: the front for an illegal operation. Marlowe follows Geiger to his house and hears a gunshot and a woman scream. Breaking into the house, he finds Geiger\'s body and a drugged Carmen, as well as a hidden camera with an empty cartridge. Marlowe picks Carmen up and brings her home. Marlowe later goes back to the house, but discovers the body is no longer there. Later, Marlowe learns that the Sternwood driver has been found dead, with his car driven off a pier. Vivian comes to Marlowe\'s office the next morning with scandalous pictures of Carmen she received with a blackmail demand for the negatives. Marlowe returns to Geiger\'s bookstore, and discovers that they are packing up the store. Marlowe follows a car leaving the bookstore to the apartment of Joe Brody , a gambler who previously blackmailed General Sternwood. Marlowe returns to Geiger\'s house where he finds Carmen. She initially claims ignorance about the murder of Geiger but then insists Brody killed Geiger. They are interrupted by the owner of the home, small-time gangster Eddie Mars . Marlowe follows Vivian to Joe Brody\'s apartment, where they join Brody and Agnes, and later, Carmen, who wants her photos. Marlowe takes the photos and sends Vivian and Carmen home. After Brody admits he was blackmailing both General Sternwood and Vivian, he is suddenly shot and killed; the assailant flees. Marlowe follows and apprehends Carol Lundgren, Geiger\'s former driver, who has killed Brody in revenge for Geiger\'s death. Marlowe visits Mars\' casino, where he asks about Regan, who is supposed to have run off with Mars\' wife. Mars is evasive and tells Marlowe that Vivian is running up debts in his casino. Vivian later tells Marlowe she wants him to take her home. While Marlowe waits for her, a stooge of Mars\' attempts to rob Vivian. Marlowe intervenes and punches him out. While driving home, Marlowe unsuccessfully presses Vivian on her connection with Mars, telling her he knew the money she won and subsequent robbery was a setup by Mars and her to try to show Mars and Vivian had animosity toward each other. Vivian still won\'t say anything. Marlowe then returns home to find Carmen waiting for him. She admits she didn\'t like Regan and mentions that Mars calls Vivian frequently. She attempts to seduce Marlowe, who throws her out of his apartment. In the morning, Vivian calls Marlowe to say that Regan has been found in Mexico, and that she is going to see him. Harry Jones , an associate of Brody\'s, and Agnes\' lover, conveys an offer from Agnes to reveal the location of Mars\' wife for $200. However, when Marlowe goes to meet Jones, Canino, a hired killer, attempts to find Agnes himself and then poisons Jones after being told of her location . Marlowe then meets Agnes himself, after she telephones the office where Jones was killed. She reveals that she\'s seen Mona Mars near Realito by an auto repair shop. In Realito, Canino attacks Marlowe, who wakes to find himself tied up, being watched by Mona. Vivian then comes in. Mona throws a drink at him and leaves when Marlowe tells her that Mars is a gangster and a killer. Vivian fears for Marlowe\'s life and frees him, allowing him to get to his car and his gun. After Vivian helps distract him, Marlowe kills Canino and they leave together. During the drive back to Geiger\'s bungalow, Vivian unconvincingly tries to claim she killed Sean Regan. When they arrive, Marlowe calls Eddie Mars and says that he is still in Realito at the payphone. They arrange to meet at Geiger\'s house, giving Marlowe ten minutes to prepare. Mars arrives with four men, who set up ambush points outside. When Mars enters the home, Marlowe holds him at gunpoint. Marlowe reveals to him that he has discerned the truth: Mars blackmailed Vivian, saying Carmen had killed Regan. When Mars threatens Marlowe with his men outside, Marlowe begins to fire his gun near Mars, causing him to run outside where he is mistakenly shot dead by his own men. Marlowe then calls the police, telling them that Mars killed Regan.{{cite web}} In the process, he tells them Vivian helped him with Eddie Mars, exempting her from criminal prosecution and that her sister Carmen needs a doctor\'s help.'] ['Former concert pianist, victim of Nazi torture, pursues a melancholic existence on the island of Guadalupe.'] ['Lily Powers  works for her father in a speakeasy during Prohibition in Erie, Pennsylvania. Her life has been miserable; since the age of 14, her father  has had her sleep with many of his customers. The only man she trusts, a cobbler who admires Friedrich Nietzsche, tells her that she should start afresh in a new city and use men to get what she wants. When Lily\'s father is killed in a still explosion, she sheds no tears for him. She and her African American co-worker/friend Chico  hop on a freight train out of town, but are discovered by a railroad worker, who threatens to have them thrown in jail. She says, "Wait ... can\'t we talk this over?" It is strongly implied that she has sex with him during a fadeout to get him to change his mind. In New York City, Lily gets a job at the Gotham Trust, even though she has no office experience. The personnel man asks Lily, "Have you had any experience?", to which Lily replies, "Plenty!" She then entices him into his absent boss\'s office to demonstrate. Her progress, sleeping her way to the top, is shown in a recurring visual metaphor of the movie camera panning ever upward along the edifice of the Gotham Trust\'s skyscraper, accompanied by the saxophone wail of St. Louis Blues. Her second conquest is Jimmy McCoy Jr. , who recommends her for promotion to her next victim, Brody . Lily eventually ensnares Ned Stevens ([[Donald Cook , a rising young executive engaged to Ann Carter , the daughter of First Vice President J.R. Carter . She schemes to have Ann walk in on the two locked in an embrace. When J.R. attempts to get Lily to leave Ned alone, she soon adds the older man to her list of admirers. J.R. installs her in a lavish apartment, with Chico along as a maid. However, when Ned finds her there with his future father-in-law, he first shoots the older man, then himself.  Courtland Trenholm , the playboy grandson of the company\'s founder, is elected bank president to deal with the resulting public scandal. He rebuffs Lily\'s attempt to extort $15,000 from the firm in return for withholding her diary from the press. He only offers her a job in the firm\'s Paris office, where she can do no harm. To maintain her appearance as a "victim of circumstance", she has little choice but to accept. Some time later, when Courtland goes to Paris on business, he is surprised and impressed to find her not only still working there, but also promoted to head of the travel bureau. He soon falls under her spell and marries her. Although he is not responsible, Courtland is indicted when the bank fails due to mismanagement. He begs Lily to return all the gifts he showered on her, so he can finance his defense, but Lily decides to keep them and flee to Europe. However, she changes her mind when she realizes that she has finally found a man she can love. When she returns, she discovers that her husband has shot himself. On the ride to the hospital, the attendant assures her that Courtland has a good chance of survival. Courtland opens his eyes, sees Lily, and smiles at her as the movie ends.'] ['A discredited expatriate American professor, Theo Wilkins , has called on a young protégé and sophisticated thief, Paul Mason , to come over from the US to the south of France and help him pull off one final heist. He has masterminded a caper to steal $4,000,000 in French francs from the underground vault of the casino of Monte Carlo, Monaco. Wilkins has recruited a team of thieves -- including Melanie , an exotic dancer -- but he needs someone he can trust, Mason, to keep them all in line during the crime. The heist takes place on the night of a grand celebration at the casino. Melanie\'s protector, the saxophone player Poncho , and Wilkins enter the casino in the guises of  "Baron von Roelitz," an aristocrat with a disability who uses a wheelchair, and his physician, "Dr. Vidal." At the same time, Melanie, the safecracker Louis  and Mason attend the party with invitations procured by the gang\'s inside man at the casino, the meek assistant to the director, Le May , who is under Melanie\'s spell. Mason and Louis go out of a window, which Melanie shuts behind them, and make their way along a narrow ledge high above the sea to the casino director\'s office. From there, they descend by elevator to the vault four floors below. They cut through a barred gate in front of the vault and drill through the lock, secure the cash and make their way back to the director\'s elevator. Poncho\'s part of the plan is to ingest a cyanide capsule to simulate a heart attack. Afraid, he fails to do so, necessitating Wilkins to inject him with cyanide instead. Poncho collapses and Wilkins maneuvers the casino director ([[Sebastian Cabot , in the name of "discretion," into transporting "the baron" to his office. Here, Wilkins pretends to phone for an ambulance, and informs the director that the baron is dead. They leave the office with the inert baron in it. Immediately re-entering the director\'s office, Louis and Mason stash the money in the hollow seat of the baron\'s wheelchair. They then return along the ledge to the window into the casino, which Melanie has reopened for them, narrowly avoiding being caught by casino security. Louis and Melanie depart the party together, while Mason makes his way out separately. The "ambulance" summoned by Wilkins is in reality part of the plan, and is driven by the last accomplice, Fritz (Berry Kroeger}. Poncho is strapped into the wheelchair, taken to the side entrance of the casino and loaded into the ambulance. The conspirators then make their getaway. Just as Poncho is regaining consciousness in the back of the ambulance, Wilkins, smiling in the excitement of his success, peacefully and unexpectedly dies. Mason and Melanie drive him back to his hotel. Along the way, Mason breaks down and Melanie realizes that Wilkins was his father. Mason and Melanie decide they want no part of the stolen money. They return to the hideout, where the others are squabbling over how to split the take. Mason examines the money and discovers that it is brand new currency and that all the serial numbers are on file with the Bank of France, which will make it next to impossible to spend. Mason and Melanie, realizing that the others will be unable to resist spending the cash, will be caught and will implicate them, forcibly take the cash away and return it to the casino. Ironically, while returning the money they hit it big on the roulette table. Thus the two of them, who by now have decided to take their chances in life together, emerge as the only members of the gang to come out ahead.'] ['Prisoner Joe Sullivan , who has "taken the fall" for an unspecified crime, breaks jail with the help of his girl, Pat . Neither Joe nor Pat is aware that the escape has been facilitated as a set-up by mobster Rick Coyle , a sadistic pyromaniac, who has arranged for Joe to be killed during the break-out in order to avoid confronting him and paying Joe his agree-upon share of $50,000 for the crime. When the break-out scheme succeeds, contrary to Rick\'s expectations, Rick decides that he must have Joe done in some other way, by somebody else. In the course of their run, Pat and Joe kidnap a social worker, Ann ([[Marsha Hunt  who has been visiting Joe in prison, trying to reform him. This begins a doomed film noir love triangle. A fight with a vicious thug ends when Ann shoots Joe\'s attacker in the back. After this act of murder, Ann realizes she is in love with Joe. Relenting, he sends her away and prepares to flee the country with Pat. In their hotel room, Pat receives a phone call from Rick\'s associate warning them that Ann has been seized by Rick, and will be harmed if Joe and Pat do not come out from hiding. Pat does not disclose the nature of the phone call, but instead tells Joe that it was a call from the hotel desk clerk about their check-out time, since she is anxious to avoid telling him anything about Ann that would lead him to hesitate beginning a new life with Pat. After boarding a ship to flee the country, Joe attempts to convince Pat that they can start over a new life together, however Pat finally realizes that Joe will always be thinking of Ann. Pat realizes she must tell Joe that Ann is in danger and does so. Before the ship sets sail, Joe races to save Ann and kill her captor Rick. Under the cover of a thick fog, Joe manages to get past Rick\'s thugs who are positioned to ambush Joe, and sneaks into Rick\'s room. Surprised by Joe’s sudden intrusion, a sudden gunfight erupts with Rick and Joe shooting each other and inadvertently starting a fire. Joe and Rick, both wounded, fight hand to hand with Joe finally pushing Rick through an upper story window to his death. Mortally wounded, the dying Joe is comforted by Anne as Pat looks on.'] ["Diijon, a tired magician, gives up his act to study the power of the mind. His wife Victoria, once supportive, now is struggling to pay bills. She urges her stubborn and older husband to return to the magic field where Diijon was considered one of the greats. He refuses but does reluctantly agree to do a hypnotism nightclub act at Victoria's urging. The act goes bad and he's laughed off the stage. He's convinced this is the handiwork of Victoria's ex-lover Tony Holliday. Later, Diijon finds that he does indeed have the power to control men's minds and begins to take revenge on the people he felt made him look like a fool. He hypnotizes his young wife to kill the man. Unfortunately for Diijon, things go horribly wrong. The opening of the film features a memorable scene depicting a woman being beheaded, with a guillotine--then revealed to be a man."] ["A shaken survivor of a ship sunk by a submarine travels to her aunt and uncle's Louisiana plantation to recuperate, but her relatives have other ideas."] ['In post-war America, the President of the United States is scheduled to journey through the small town of Suddenly, California. Claiming to be checking up on security prior to his arrival, a group of FBI agents arrive at the home of the Bensons, on top of a hill that looks down upon the station where the Presidential train is due to stop. However, they soon turn out to be assassins led by the ruthless John Baron , who take over the house and hold the family hostage. Sheriff Tod Shaw  arrives with Dan Carney , a Secret Service agent in charge of the President\'s security detail. When he does, Baron and his gangsters shoot Carney and a bullet fractures Shaw\'s arm. Baron sends one of his two henchmen to double-check on the President\'s schedule but he is killed in a shootout with the police. Jud , a television repairman, shows up at the house and also becomes a hostage. Pidge  goes to his grandfather\'s dresser to fetch some medication and notices a fully loaded revolver which he replaces with his toy cap gun. Baron is confronted by the sheriff on the risks and meaning of killing the President and Baron\'s remaining henchman begins showing some reluctance. For Baron, however, these are the very least of his concerns and it soon becomes clear that he is a psychopath whose pleasure comes from killing{{spaced ndash}}who and why he kills being the least of his problems. A sniper\'s rifle has been mounted on a metal table by a window. Jud discreetly hooks the table up to the 5000 volt plate output of the family television. Pop Benson  then spills a cup of water on the floor beneath the table. Although the hope is that Baron will be shocked to death, his remaining henchman touches the table first and is electrocuted, firing the rifle repeatedly and attracting the attention of police at the train station as he struggles to free himself. Baron shoots Jud, disconnects the electrical hookup and aims the rifle as the president\'s train arrives at the station, but to his surprise, doesn\'t stop . Ellen Benson  shoots Baron in the chest and Shaw shoots him again. Baron\'s last words are, "Don\'t... please."'] ['Johnny McBride is badly hurt while hitch hiking and loses his memory when the car he is riding in crashes. Two years later, a clue leads him to his old home town, where he finds he is a murder suspect. Johnny tries to clear his name of the presumed murder charges. Thugs working for the local mob boss try to end his meddling.'] ["The picture tells the story of Bud Fontaine Jr. ([[Billy Gray  who takes an instant dislike of Matlock, a strange new neighbor in town . After his new-found dog is turns up dead by poison, Bud blames the stranger and sets off a campaign to smear his name and spreads vicious rumors about him. His parents  can't seem to handle the boy. After Bud endangers the crops in the valley by his vandalism of the neighbor's oil tank, and is told the dog got killed by eating poisoned meat meant for coyotes, Bud comes to realize that people are not always what they appear to be."] ["Jim Fletcher , a former inmate in a Japanese prisoner-of-war camp, awakes from a coma at a naval hospital, only to be told he's been accused of murder. Fletcher is not quite certain of his guilt so he escapes from the hospital in search of his best friend, another ex-POW."] ["Fourteen-year-old Tolly Devlin sees four hoods beat his father to death. Twenty years later, the killers have risen to the top of the crime syndicate. Ever since his adolescence, Tolly's  goal has been to avenge his father. Tolly has even become a criminal and gotten himself sent to prison so that he could get close to one of the perpetrators. Tolly becomes as vindictive and sadistic as the men he is after. He rejects the two relationships that could redeem him, his mother-figure  and his moll  in favor of cold, hard vengeance. Becoming a secret informant for the government, Tolly ends up playing both sides against the middle in his cagey campaign to bring down the remaining mobsters. Tolly's nihilistic vendetta eventually robs him of his own humanity ."] ['{{Expand section}} A gang of robbers are terrorizing and robbing banks and payrolls in North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland. The gang\'s leader, George, seems to take particular delight in "bumping off" women who cross him. The film starts with comments from then-governors of North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland about how crime doesn\'t pay. Then the film\'s action begins.'] ["Ralph Cotter is a career criminal who escapes from prison, then murders his partner in crime. Along the way he attempts to woo his ex-partner's sister  by threatening to expose her role in his escape. Cotter quickly gets back into the crime business, only to be shaken down by corrupt local cops."] ['American pulp Western writer Holly Martins  arrives in Post-World War II Vienna seeking his childhood friend, Harry Lime , who has offered him a job. Martins discovers that Lime was killed by a car while crossing the street. At Lime\'s funeral, Martins meets two British Army Police: Sergeant Paine , a fan of Martins\'s books, and his superior, Major Calloway . Afterwards Martins is asked to give a lecture to a book club a few days later. He then meets a friend of Lime\'s, "Baron" Kurtz , who tells Martins that he and another friend, Popescu , carried Lime to the side of the street after the accident and, before he died, Lime asked them to take care of Martins and Lime\'s actress girlfriend, Anna Schmidt . Martins goes to see Anna and becomes suspicious that Lime\'s death was not an accident. The porter at Lime\'s apartment building says that Lime was killed immediately and that three men carried the body, not two. Martins and Anna discover that the police are searching her flat, who confiscate a forged passport and detain her. The next evening Martins visits Lime\'s "medical advisor", Dr. Winkel , who says that he arrived at the accident after Lime was dead, and only two men were there. The porter offers to give Martins more information, but someone kills him before Martins can see him. When Martins arrives, the crowd believes that he is involved and becomes hostile. Escaping from them, Martins returns to the hotel, and a cab immediately takes him to the book club, where he makes a poor speech. When Popescu enters, he asks about Martins\'s next book. Martins says that it will be called The Third Man, "a murder story" inspired by facts. Popescu tells Martins that he should stick to fiction. Martins sees two thugs advancing towards him and flees. Calloway again advises Martins to leave Vienna, but Martins refuses and demands that Lime\'s death be investigated. Calloway reveals that Lime\'s racket was stealing penicillin from military hospitals, diluting it, and selling it on the black market, leading to many deaths. Martins, convinced, agrees to leave. Martins learns that Anna too has been told about Lime\'s crimes and is about to be sent to the Soviet sector. Leaving her apartment, Martins notices someone watching from a dark doorway. A shaft of light reveals the person to be Lime, who flees, ignoring Martins\'s calls, and vanishes. Martins summons Calloway, who deduces that Lime has escaped through the sewers. The British police exhume Lime\'s coffin and discover that the body is that of the orderly who stole the penicillin for Lime. The next day, Martins meets with Lime, and they ride Vienna\'s Ferris wheel, the Wiener Riesenrad. Lime obliquely threatens Martins, reveals the full extent of his ruthlessness, and then reiterates his job offer before leaving quickly. Calloway then asks Martins to help capture Lime, and Martins agrees, asking for Anna\'s safe conduct out of Vienna in exchange. However, when Anna learns this, she refuses to leave. Exasperated, Martins decides to leave, but on the way to the airport, Calloway stops at a hospital to show Martins children dying of meningitis that had been treated using Lime\'s diluted penicillin. Lime arrives to rendezvous with Martins, but Anna warns him. He tries once again to escape using the sewer tunnels, but the police are there in force. Lime shoots and kills Paine, but Calloway shoots and wounds him. Badly injured, Lime drags himself up a ladder to a street grating, but he cannot lift it. Martins then kills him using Paine\'s revolver. Later, Martins attends Lime\'s second funeral. At the risk of missing his flight out of Vienna, he waits to speak to Anna, but she ignores him and walks past.'] ['When national hero Robert Forrest is killed in an automobile accident, the entire United States goes into deep mourning. Admirer and renowned journalist Stephen O\'Malley  returns from Europe to write a biography of the great man. Among the throngs covering the funeral, he finds his old friends and fellow reporters, Jane Harding  and Freddie Ridges . They remain after the rest of the press leave. Forrest\'s widow, Christine , refuses to speak to reporters throughout the proceedings. However, O\'Malley befriends youngster Jeb , son of the gatekeeper of the Forrest estate, Jason Rickards . The grief-stricken boy shows him a way into the mansion, where he meets Christine. Though she is cordial enough, she refuses any cooperation with his biography. After O\'Malley leaves, Forrest\'s private secretary, Clive Kerndon , fearful of how the reporter will react to the brushoff, convinces Christine to offer her help so that they can steer him in the direction they want. As time goes on, O\'Malley gains the widow\'s trust. Christine is the "keeper of the flame", protecting her husband\'s memory and reputation. O\'Malley\'s instincts tell him that some secret is being kept from him. He discovers that Forrest\'s elderly, mentally ill mother  is living in a separate house on the vast estate. Despite her servants\' attempts to keep them apart, he manages to speak with her and obtains more clues from her ramblings. O\'Malley notices "the arsenal," a stone building near the Forrest mansion which served as Robert Forrest\'s office and library. One afternoon, O\'Malley observes smoke rising from the arsenal\'s chimney. When he asks Kerndon about the building\'s purpose, Kerndon  tells him it is only a storehouse. O\'Malley slips away to investigate. He discovers Christine burning what she claims are love letters, but he suspects otherwise. Later, Kerndon telephones somebody and assures the unnamed party that he will take care of the situation. As O\'Malley learns more, he begins to wonder if Christine and her cousin Geoffrey Midford  are lovers and murderers. However, Geoffrey\'s announcement of his engagement to Rickard\'s daughter, and Christine\'s reaction, discounts that theory. When O\'Malley admits he has fallen in love with her, Christine finally breaks down and reveals the ugly truth. Her husband was corrupted by the power and adulation he received. He became a fascist, plotting to gain control of the United States and use his enormous influence to turn Americans to fascist ideals. She shows O\'Malley papers stored in the arsenal which reveal how Forrest  planned to use racism, anti-union feeling, and antisemitism to divide the country, turning one group against another if it became too powerful to control, in order to create the chaos that would let him seize power. Christine discovered the plot the day before her husband\'s death. She went riding the next morning and came upon the washed-out bridge. She could have warned her husband, but decided that a "clean death in the rain was the best thing that could happen to Robert Forrest." O\'Malley convinces her to help him write a book detailing Forrest\'s scheme. Kerndon eavesdrops, then locks the sole arsenal door and sets the building ablaze. Through an opening, he fatally shoots Christine with a pistol. He attempts to kill O\'Malley, too, but misses. When an automobile rushes to the scene, Kerndon shoots at the passengers and is struck by the vehicle. O\'Malley ultimately writes a book titled Christine Forrest: Her Life, which exposes the plot.'] ["After psychology professorBiesen, Sheri Chinen . Blackout: World War II and the origins of film noir. Johns Hopkins University Press, ISBN 978-0-8018-8218-0 Richard Wanley sends his wife and two children off on vacation, he goes to his club to meet friends. Next door, Wanley sees a striking oil portrait of Alice Reed  in a storefront window. He and his friends talk about the beautiful painting and its subject. Wanley stays at the club and reads Song of Songs. When he leaves, Wanley stops at the portrait and meets Reed, who is standing near the painting watching people watch it. Reed convinces Wanley to join her for drinks. Later, they go to Reed's home, but an unexpected visit from her rich lover Claude Mazard  leads to a fight in which Wanley kills Mazard. Wanley and Reed conspire to cover up the murder, and Wanley disposes Mazard's body in the country. However, Wanley leaves many clues, and there are a number of witnesses. One of Wanley's friends from the club, district attorney Frank Lalor  has knowledge of the investigation, and Wanley is invited back to the crime scene, as Lalor's friend, but not as a suspect. As the police gather more evidence, Reed is blackmailed by Heidt , a crooked ex-cop who was Mazard's bodyguard. Reed attempts to poison Heidt with a prescription overdose when he returns the next day, but Heidt is suspicious and takes the money without drinking the drugs. Reed tells Wanley, who overdoses on the remaining prescription medicine. Heidt is killed in a shootout immediately after leaving Reed's home, and police believe Heidt is Mazard's murderer. Reed races to her home to call Wanley, who is slumped over in his chair. In an impossible match on action, Wanley awakens in his chair at his club, and he realizes the entire adventure was a dream in which employees from the club were main characters in the dream. As he steps out on the street in front of the painting, a woman asks Wanley for a light. He adamantly refuses and runs down the street."] ["An employee for a savings and loan desperate for cash plans and successfully robs a bank as an inside job. At first bank employee Poole  is considered a hero during the bank robbery but the police quickly figure out he's involved in the crime. The police catch up with Poole and his young wife at their apartment. Poole's wife is accidentally shot to death by the police during the gunfight. Poole is arrested, convicted and sent to prison for the robbery. While behind bars, Poole plans his escape and revenge on the men that killed his wife, especially the leader of the police raid, Lt. Wagner . Poole figures the best way to extract revenge is to kill Wagner's wife, Lila ."] ['Child Susan Starrling  is the sole witness to a killing, but the shock causes her to suffer amnesia about the event. Her father David  is convicted of first degree murder of his wife. However, psychiatrist Caroline Cranford  is convinced she can cure the young girl and begins to suspect that another person is guilty.'] ["Sportswriter Eddie Willis is broke after the newspaper he works for goes under. He is hired by crooked boxing promoter Nick Benko to publicize his new boxer, a huge, but slow-witted and untalented Argentinian named Toro Moreno. Unbeknownst to Toro and his friend and manager Luís Agrandi, all of his fights are fixed to make the public believe that he is for real. Eddie begins to feel guilty about his work, especially after he comes to like the good-natured giant. The unhappy boxer wants to quit and go home, but Eddie talks him out of it. Finally Benko arranges for Toro to fight the heavyweight champ, Buddy Brannen. Knowing Toro has no chance, Benko places large bets secretly against his fighter as he had planned all along. Toro loses as expected and gets brutally beaten in the process. Afterwards, Eddie discovers that Benko has rigged the accounting so that Toro ends up getting paid only a pittance. Ashamed, Eddie sends Toro home to Argentina with Eddie's own share of the proceeds. When confronted by Benko, Eddie defies him, then begins writing an exposé about corruption in the boxing world."] [" After World War II, people try to sneak into the U.S. illegally with the help of a human smuggling ring run by Palinov . U.S. Immigration operative Peter Karczag  is sent to Havana, where he poses as a Hungarian in need of Palinov's services. During his dangerous undercover investigation, he falls in love with refugee Marianne Lorress . When Palinov discovers Karczag's true purpose, he first tries to have the agent killed. When that fails, Palinov decides to use his own services. He flies to the United States, with Lorress one of the other passengers. However, the airplane is being tracked by the U.S. government. It is crash landed in the Florida swamps in one last desperate attempt to elude capture."] ["Frank Leonard , the proprietor of an ice-skating revue, promotes a strong-arming peanut-vendor named Joe Morgan  at the show to a management position based on suggestions he makes to improve the act of the show's star, Roberta Elva , who also happens to be the owner's wife. However, he soon begins to notice that his new manager is paying more attention to his wife than he believes is appropriate, and begins to suspect that his new manager has designs not only on his wife but on his business. The plot thickens later when it appears that the man may have killed the owner."] ['This psychological thriller tells the story of a pair of identical twins, one loving and nice and the other severely disturbed. A doctor is killed and witnesses identify one of the twins as the person seen having a quarrel with the victim shortly before his death. A detective investigating the case cannot determine which twin did the killing since each can provide an alibi for the other. The cops ask for assistance from a doctor who studies twins to help crack the case.'] ['Mystery writer Philip E. Marlow is suffering writer\'s block and is hospitalised because his psoriatic arthritis, a chronic skin and joint disease, is at an acute stage forming lesions and sores over his entire body, and partially cripples his hands and feet. Dennis Potter suffered from this disease himself, and he wrote with a pen tied to his fist in much the same fashion Marlow does in the last episode. Although severe, Marlow\'s condition was intentionally understated compared to Potter\'s whose skin would sometimes crack and bleed.The Singing Detective . DVD. Disc 1. Prod. BBC; dist. BBC Video, 2002. As a result of constant pain, a fever caused by the condition, and his refusal to take medication, Marlow falls into a fantasy world involving his Chandleresque novel, The Singing Detective, an escapist adventure about a detective  who sings at a dance hall and takes the jobs "the guys who don\'t sing" won\'t take. The real Marlow also experiences flashbacks to his childhood in rural England, and his mother\'s life in wartime London. The rural location is presumably the Forest of Dean, Potter\'s birthplace and the location for filming, but this is never stated explicitly . The suicide of his mother is one of several recurring images in the series; Marlow uses it  in his murder mystery, and sometimes replaces her face with different women in his life, real and imaginary. The noir mystery, however, is never actually solved; all that is ultimately revealed is an intentionally vague plot involving smuggled Nazi war criminals being protected by the Allies and Soviet agents attempting to stop them. This perhaps reflects Marlow\'s view that fiction should be "all clues and no solutions". The three worlds of the hospital, the noir thriller, and wartime England often merge in Marlow\'s mind, resulting in a fourth layer, in which character interactions that would otherwise be impossible  occur. This is evident in that many of Marlow\'s friends and enemies  are represented by characters in the novel: particularly, one of the boys from his childhood, Mark Binney, becomes conflated with Raymond, Marlow\'s mother\'s lover, and appears as the central antagonist in the "real" and noir worlds . The use of Binney as a villain stems from an event in his early childhood where Marlow framed the young Binney for defecating on the desk of a disciplinarian elementary teacher , a perverse act of vengeance for the affair Marlow has witnessed between his own mother and Binney\'s father Raymond. The innocent Binney is brutally beaten in front of the student body, and Marlow is lauded for telling the "truth". These events haunt Marlow, as it is revealed that the real Binney eventually ends up in a mental institution. The villainous Binney/Finney character is killed off in both realities. Some members of the cast play multiple roles. Marlow and his alter-ego, the singing detective, are both played by Gambon. Marlow as a boy is played by Lyndon Davies. Mark Binney  is played by William Speakman. Davies and Speakman were contempories at Chosen Hill school in Gloucestershire, close to Potter\'s birthplace of the Forest of Dean. Patrick Malahide plays three central characters - the contemporary Finney, who Marlow thinks is having an affair with his ex-wife Nicola, played by Janet Suzman; the imaginary Binney, a central character in the murder plot; and Raymond, a friend of Marlow\'s father who has an affair with his mother . Steadman plays both Marlow\'s mother, and the mysterious "Lili", one of the murder victims. At the end of the serial Marlow and Nicola appear to have repaired their relationship.'] ['Frank Enley , returns home from World War II after surviving a German POW camp where the rest of his comrades were murdered. The "war hero" is respected and praised for his fine character and good works in the California community of Santa Lisa. What he does not know is that Joe Parkson , once his best friend, also lived through the ordeal, though he was left with a crippled leg. Frank helped their captors in exchange for food, and Joe is determined to exact justice. Frank\'s wife Edith  is completely in the dark about his transgressions, while Joe\'s girlfriend knows everything about her man, but cannot dissuade him from his passion to set past wrongs right by seeing Frank dead. Frank must confront his dark past and the truth that he is a coward, not a hero. Doggedly pursued by Joe, Frank goes into hiding, leaving his confused wife behind. He enlists the aid of a past-her-prime prostitute, Pat , and a hitman, Johnny .'] ['A housewife  is confronted during her daily chores by her married lover . The man, after a long affair, tells the woman that he has to break off their relationship. The woman threatens suicide, but when she picks up a shish kabob skewer, the two struggle and the man is stabbed in the chest and collapses. The housewife hides the body in the house. Before she can leave, her brother-in-law  arrives and tells the woman that he knows about the affair and that he has invited her husband, her lover and his wife to her house that evening so that he can tell them about the affair. The woman, in a panic worrying that they will find out about the killing, attempts to flee but cannot get away from her vengeful brother-in-law.'] ['Stoker Thompson  is a 35-year-old has-been boxer. Tiny , Stoker\'s manager, is sure he will continue to lose fights, so he takes money for a "dive" from a mobster, but is so sure that Thompson will lose that he doesn\'t tell the boxer about the set-up. At the beginning of the fourth and last round of the vicious boxing match with the much younger and heavily-favored Tiger Nelson , Stoker learns about the fix. Even though he learns that Little Boy , a feared gangster, is behind the set-up, Thompson refuses to give up the fight and mushes on. Thompson wins the vocal support of blood-thirsty fans who had at first rooted against him. In the end, he defeats Nelson, but Little Boy has Stoker\'s right hand broken as punishment.'] ["Martin Rome , a hardened criminal, is recuperating in a hospital from a shootout that leaves a police officer dead. At the hospital, he is briefly visited by his fiancée, Teena Ricante . A shady lawyer representing another crook, Niles,  claims that he participated in a jewel robbery with her in which a woman was killed. Rome is innocent of the jewel robbery, but the police suspect that he carried out he robbery in conjunction with Teena, and begin a search for her. With the help of a trusty , he escapes from the prison ward, afraid that the lawyer will try to frame Teena and himself. He is pursued by an old adversary, police lieutenant Candella , who grew up in his neighborhood and knows his family. Rome, feverish from his bullet wounds, receives help from his brother Tony, who worships him, and an old girlfriend Brenda . Meanwhile, Candella and his partner , track him down through the streets of New York. He locates the female accomplice of the real jewel thief/murderer, a strongly built masseuse named Rose Givens . He deceives her into being apprehended by the police. In the struggle she shoots at Rome, wounding Candella. Candella, shot in the shoulder, flees the hospital in his obsessive pursuit of Rome, ultimately tracking him down and killing him. Just before that happens, Tony refuses his brother's request that he steal their parents' savings, in a final break with his brother's criminality. The film describes the odd relationship between these two men, their seeming bond as the pursuit ends in death for Rome."] ['{{Expand section}} A former gangster is framed by a corrupt district attorney. With his wife and an investigative reporter, he gathers proof of his innocence in hopes of clearing his name.'] ["Albert Dekker plays two twin brothers, John and Paul. Paul was supposed to have died when he was 10 years old, but actually went insane and was shut up in a secret room in his parents' mansion. The film is a mix of social drama, horror film, and suspense thriller."] ['A nameless country is in a state of chaos as natural disasters, corruption, and street justice rise. Part of the people grow more violent, the other part hope for the arrival of a promised leader. A cop named Eros  is investigating the case of five men who were burnt to death by a mob after somebody screamed “thief” at them. A journalist whom suffering narcolepsy named Janus  is also covering the story. The two are quickly drawn into a labyrinth of mysteries and murders. Janus accidentally discovers a secret. But everyone he tells the secret to soon finds a terrible death. When Eros also finds out of it, they both know that one of them has to die, unless they can find the promised leader before the angel of death arrives.'] ["Austin Spencer , a newspaper publisher, wants to prove a point about the insufficiency of circumstantial evidence, talks his possible son-in-law Tom Garrett  into a hoax in an attempt to expose the alleged ineptitude of the city's hard-line district attorney. The plan is to have Tom plant clues leading to his arrest for killing a female nightclub dancer, Patty Gray. Once Tom is found guilty, he is to reveal the setup and humiliate the DA. Tom agrees to the plan, not knowing that unforeseen events will put such a snag in the scheme. Spencer dies in a car accident before he can testify, and photographic evidence intended to clear Tom at his trial is burned to an unrecognisable state. Tom is found guilty and placed on death row in prison. A written testimony by the dead man is found in time to demonstrate the veracity of the two men's intentions, and Garrett is to be pardoned. However, a slip about the late woman's unreported real name to his by now former fiance leads him to confess. Gray or rather Emma Blucher, the murder victim, is actually Tom Garrett's estranged wife who had rescinded on her promise to divorce him in Mexico. As this would prevent Garrett from marrying Susan , the late publisher's daughter, he had murdered Emma/Patty. Garrett's potential pardon is rejected in time to prevent the double jeopardy rule coming into effect, and he is returned to the cells."] ["A wealthy man, Ralph Johnston, hires detective Stuart Bailey to investigate his wife's background. Baily discovers that the wife had been a dancer under her maiden name of Jane Breeger and had left her home town with actor Buster Buffin. Buffin tells that Jane changed her name to Janie Joy and enrolled in UCLA. He promised more information but is killed before Bailey can question him further. With the help of a showgirl, Bailey learns that the wife had used stolen papers from a girlfriend to enter college after she stole $40,000 from the club where she worked. The detective eventually learns that the Johnston had killed his wife when he had himself discovered her past, in order to avoid a scandal, and that he had hired the detective in order to frame him for the killing"] ['Homicide detective Sergeant Dave Bannion is an honest cop who investigates the death of fellow officer Tom Duncan. It would seem to be an open-and-shut case, suicide brought on by ill health. Bannion, however, is contacted by the late cop\'s mistress, Lucy Chapman, who claims it could not have been suicide. From her, Bannion learns that the Duncans had a second home which would not have been possible on his salary. Bannion visits Mrs. Duncan. He asks for particulars on the second home and she resents the implication. The next day Bannion gets a dressing-down by Lieutenant Ted Wilks, who is under pressure from "upstairs" to close the case. Chapman is found dead after being tortured and covered with cigarette burns. Bannion investigates even though it is not his case or his jurisdiction. After receiving threatening calls to his home, he confronts Mike Lagana, the local mob boss. It\'s an open secret that Lagana runs the city, even to the point that cops guard his house while his daughter hosts a party. Lagana is astounded by Bannion\'s accusations in his own home: "I\'ve seen some dummies in my time, but you\'re in a class by yourself." Bannion finds that people are too scared to stand up to the crime syndicate. When warnings to Bannion go unheeded, his car is blown up and his wife Katie is killed in the explosion. Feeling that the department will do little to bring the murderers to justice, Bannion resigns and sets off on a one-man crusade to get Lagana and his second-in-command Vince Stone. When Stone viciously "punishes" a girl in a nightclub &mdash; by burning her hand with a cigar butt &mdash; Bannion stands up to him by ordering Stone and a bodyguard out of the joint. This impresses Stone\'s girlfriend, Debby Marsh. She tries to get friendly with Bannion, who keeps pointing out that she gets her money from a thief. Marsh states: "I\'ve been rich and I\'ve been poor. Believe me, rich is better." As soon as Debby unwittingly reminds Bannion of his late wife, he sends her packing, to which she retorts: "Well, you\'re about as romantic as a pair of handcuffs." Debby was seen with Bannion. When she returns to Stone\'s penthouse, he accuses her of talking to Bannion about his activities and throws boiling coffee in her face. Debby is taken to hospital by none other than Police Commissioner Higgins, who was playing poker with Stone and his cronies at the flat. Higgins warns that he will have to file a report, but Stone reminds the commissioner that he is well-paid to deal with that sort of thing. With her face disfigured, Debby returns to Bannion, who agrees to put her up for a while. Bannion gets information about a man who planted the dynamite that killed his wife. Debby identifies him as Larry Gordon, one of Stone\'s associates. Bannion forces Gordon to admit to the bombing. The trouble began because Bertha Duncan, widow of the cop who committed suicide, has papers he collected that could expose Stone and Lagana. They were intended for the DA, but Mrs. Duncan kept them for herself and is collecting blackmail payments from Lagana. Told by Debby that killing for revenge would make him no better than those who murdered his wife, Bannion refrains from killing Gordon, instead spreading the word that he talked. Gordon is murdered by Stone\'s men. Bannion next confronts Mrs. Duncan, accusing her of betraying Chapman, causing her death and protecting Lagana and Stone "for the sake of a soft plush life." But cops sent by Lagana make him leave. Stone decides to kidnap Bannion\'s little daughter Joyce, who is staying with an aunt and uncle with a police guard nearby. When the guard suddenly leaves, the uncle calls in a few army buddies to take over. Satisfied that she is in good hands, Bannion sets off to deal with Stone. On the way he meets Lieutenant Wilks, who is now prepared to make a stand against the mob, admitting that, in spite of his own wife\'s pressure over what will happen to his pension, "It\'s the first time in years I\'ve breathed good clean air." Debby goes to see Mrs. Duncan. Noticing they are wearing the same expensive coats, she remarks that they are both "sisters under the mink" and have benefited from an association with gangsters. She then kills Mrs. Duncan, thus starting the process that will see Tom Duncan\'s evidence surface and bring about Stone\'s and Lagana\'s downfall. Stone returns to his penthouse. Debby throws boiling coffee at him, just as he had done to her. Stone shoots her, but after a short gun battle is captured by Bannion, who had followed him to the flat. As Debby lies dying, Bannion describes his late wife to her in terms of their relationship rather than the physical "police description" he gave earlier: "You and Katie would have gotten along fine," he tells her. Stone is arrested for murder. Duncan\'s evidence is made public and Lagana and Commissioner Higgins are indicted. Bannion returns to his job at Homicide.'] ['Charley Davis, against the wishes of his mother, becomes a boxer. As he becomes more successful the fighter becomes surrounded by shady characters, including an unethical promoter named Roberts, who tempt the man with a number of vices. Charley finds himself faced with increasingly difficult choices.'] ["In Chicago in 1932, during Prohibition, a policeman is murdered inside a speakeasy. Frank Wiecek  and another man are quickly arrested, and are later sentenced to serve 99 years' imprisonment each for the killing. Eleven years later, Wiecek's mother puts an ad in the newspaper offering a $5,000 reward for information about the true killers of the police officer. This leads the city editor of the Chicago Times Brian Kelly  to assign reporter P.J. McNeal  to look more closely into the case. McNeal is skeptical at first, believing Wiecek to be guilty. But he starts to change his mind, and meets increased resistance from the police and the state attorney's office, who are unwilling to be proved wrong. This is quickly followed by political pressure from the state capital, where politicians are anxious to end a story that might prove embarrassing to the administration. Eventually, Wiecek is proved innocent by, among other things, the enlarging of a photograph showing the date on a newspaper that proves that a key witness's statement was false."] ['The film begins with a disparate group of individuals in a room; some are gambling, some are drinking coffee, others are chatting as if at a party. Curtains are removed from the windows to reveal bars. The group is in a prison to witness the execution of hard core murderer Nick Ross . Ross is told there has been no commutation of his execution. Having never given a confession, Ross proceeds to tell the crowd of the true events of what happened as his benefactor promised him his release; but then falls over dead, the victim of a poison dart. District Attorney Roger Phillips  conduct a search of the occupants of the room and together with his girlfriend crime reporter Geri Reynolds  and his young receptionist Tommy George P. Breakston solve the murder and the criminal mastermind behind Ross.'] ["Bookkeeper Nick Cherney is sent to jail for embezzling from Johnny Torno's trucking company. In a California prison, he sees a newsreel showing Johnny welcoming home his brother Jess, a heroic Catholic chaplain just returned from a World War II prisoner-of-war camp. Just before his release four years later , Nick hires Rocky, an inmate who has just finished his sentence, to murder Jess. Jess is staying in a local hotel room, about to depart for his first parish in another city. The brothers meet with a local priest, Father Redmond. It is during that meeting that Johnny finds out Jess is moving away. Johnny arrives at his brother's hotel room not long after Jess is shot by Rocky. Knowing that he is about to die, Jess vaguely indicates that a clue to his murderer can be found within the covers of the room's Bible. Johnny takes this to mean that the name of the killer himself is inscribed somewhere therein. However, the book is not there. Johnny refuses to wait for the police to investigate. He tracks down and questions several strangers who occupied the same room, among them Carla North. He believes that one of them has the Bible. Once he satisfies himself that Carla is not a suspect, he hires her to help in the search, inviting her to stay at his luxury apartment, while he moves to his office. Although a bit suspicious of Johnny's motives, Carla agrees. While Johnny is questioning another hotel guest, he notices Rocky watching him. Setting a trap, he lets Rocky see him buying a book from the former guest and wrapping it up, then leaves it lying around while he gets his shoes shined. When Rocky steals the book, Johnny catches him and reveals that it is just a cookbook. Rocky manages to escape, though Johnny wounds him slightly with his gun. Later, aboard a train back to town, Rocky tells Nick that he is through, and that he intends to blackmail Nick. Nick sucker punches him, causing him to fall off the rear of a moving train. Then, Nick goes to Torno's office to witness the search of the Gideon Bible found earlier by Carla. When Johnny finally locates the missing Gideon Bible, he finds written within not information about the killer's identity, but a plea from his brother not to seek revenge. Nick thinks he is off the hook. Relieved, he turns to leave. However, when he gets to the head of the stairs, he spots Rocky on the floor below. In a shootout, Nick fatally wounds Rocky, but before he dies, Rocky identifies Nick as the mastermind behind Jess's murder. Johnny pursues Nick to the roof, out in a rainstorm. Nick accidentally steps on the main power supply to Torno's huge neon sign and is electrocuted."] ["Four robbers hold up an armored truck, getting away with over a million dollars in cash. Joe Rolfe , a down-on-his-luck flower delivery truck driver is accused of being involved and is roughly interrogated by local police. Released due to lack of evidence, Joe, following the clues to a Mexican resort, decides to look for the men who set him up both to clear his name and to exact revenge. What he doesn’t know is that the heist involves a retired policeman who is also intent on revenge. The plot was inspiration for Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs.{{cite book}}"] ['Anne Baxter stars as Norah Larkin, a single woman whose heart is broken after receiving a "Dear John" letter. After a night of drinking she passes out in the apartment of womanizer Harry Prebble , awaking to find herself accused of his murder. Named The Blue Gardenia Murderess by newspaper columnist Casey Mayo , Norah tries to remember the details of her ill-fated night. She eventually teams with the newspaper man to help solve the mystery.'] ['An aged gangster, Big Mac , is planning a robbery at a California resort casino. He wants the experienced Roy Earle , just released from an eastern prison by a governor\'s pardon, to lead the heist and to take charge of the operation. Roy drives across the country to a camp in the mountains to meet up with the three men who will assist him in the heist: Louis Mendoza , who works in the resort, plus Red ([[Arthur Kennedy  and Babe ([[Alan Curtis , who are already living at the camp. Babe has brought along a young woman, Marie . Roy wants to send Marie back to Los Angeles; but, after some argument, she convinces Roy to let her stay. Roy also is adopted by a small dog called Pard, played by Bogart\'s own dog, Zero. Marie falls in love with Roy as he plans and executes the robbery, but he does not reciprocate. On the drive up to the mountains, Roy met the family of Velma , a young woman with a deformed foot who walks with a limp. Roy pays for corrective surgery to allow Velma to walk normally. While she is recovering, Roy asks Velma to marry him; but she refuses, explaining that she is engaged to a man from back home. When Velma\'s fiancé arrives, Roy turns to Marie, and they become lovers. The heist goes wrong when they are interrupted by a security guard. Mendoza, Red, and Babe are involved in a car accident; Red and Babe die, and Mendoza talks to the police. While Roy and Marie leave town, a dragnet is put out for him, identifying him to the public as "Mad Dog Roy Earle". The two fugitives separate in order to allow Marie time to escape. Roy is pursued until he climbs one of the Sierra mountains, where he holes up overnight. Shortly after sunrise, Roy trades shots with the police. He hears Pard barking, runs out calling Marie\'s name and is shot dead from behind by a sharpshooter.'] ['Reporter Michael Ward is the key witness in a murder trial. His evidence &ndash; that he saw the accused Briggs standing over the body of a man in a diner &ndash; is instrumental in having Briggs deemed guilty. Afterwards Ward’s fiancee Jane is worried whether Ward was correct in what he saw and Ward becomes haunted by this question. Next Ward’s neighbour is killed the same way as the man in the diner, but Ward is arrested for trying to point this out to the police. As a result, Jane goes out to try to clear Ward by finding the sinister stranger that Ward saw on the stairwell.'] ["Deborah Chandler Clark watches police drag a North Carolina river for her body. She recounts the events that brought her to this, beginning when her father, a mill owner, disapproved of a romance between Deborah and the mill's general manager, Seldon Clark. Her father falls to his death at the mill. Seldon consoles her and proposes. On their honeymoon, a jealous and angry woman named Patricia Monahan turns up and claims she's been romantically involved with Seldon, insisting he married Deborah simply to gain control of her mill. Deborah demands an annulment of the marriage. While leaving, the brakes fail on her car. She leaps out just before it crashes into the river. Believing she would be unable to prove her husband's guilt, Deborah disappears, moving to Knoxville and going by the name Ann Carter. An ex-soldier, Keith Ramsay, seems interested in Ann and follows her. What he's really interested in is a $5,000 reward offered by her husband. At a hotel hosting a crowded convention, Seldon nearly succeeds in killing his wife. Keith finally realizes that Deborah is in genuine danger. Patricia can confirm her story, so Deborah tracks her down. Patricia betrays her, however, still being in love with Seldon. At the mill, he attempts to throw Deborah to her death the same way he murdered her father. In the darkness, he mistakenly kills Patricia instead, and dies himself after a fight with Keith."] ["Defense attorney Dwight Bradley Masen is successful in seeking the acquittal of a young man, Rudi Walchek, accused of knifing to death the 19-year-old son of a local locksmith, but when Rudi lets a comment slip after the trial, Masen realizes he has defended a guilty man. Masen discovers that Rudi is also a member of a syndicate extorting money from the scared merchants in the locksmith's neighborhood. After unearthing new evidence, Masen tries to convince the D.A. to retry the case, but the latter refuses on grounds that it would be double jeopardy. Masen discovers that the head of the citizens' crime commission, is also involved in the syndicate. In a rage Masen kills Layford, but the murder is pinned on Rudi. Despite sensing a higher justice at work, Masen feels obliged to defend Rudi once again. This time Rudi is found guilty. Masen confesses to the D.A. that he is the culprit, but the D.A. feels justice has been served and refuses to reopen the case. Masen makes one final visit to Rudi in prison, confesses, gives him the murder weapon and turns his back to Rudi to await his fate."] ['Convict Van Duff is the leader of a large-scale prison break. The breakout works as the six survivors hide out in a forgotten mine working near the prison. Once the coast is clear they then set out on a long, dangerous journey. The convicts take by foot, car, train and truck in an attempt to get to some hidden stolen bank loot. On the journey the doomed prisoners meet with some locals including a kidnapped doctor  and a young woman on a train .'] ['Dr. Luther Brooks , an intern who has just passed the state board examination to qualify for his license to practice, is the first African-American doctor at the urban county hospital at which he trained. Because he lacks self-confidence, Luther requests to work as a junior resident at the hospital for another year. Johnny  and Ray Biddle , brothers who were both shot in the leg by a policeman as they attempted a robbery, are brought to the hospital\'s prison ward. As Luther tends to the disoriented Johnny, he is bombarded with racist slurs by Ray, who grew up in Beaver Canal, the white working class section of the city. Believing that Johnny has a brain tumor, Luther administers a spinal tap, but Johnny dies during the procedure. Wondering if Ray\'s antagonism may have caused him to be careless, Luther consults his mentor, chief medical resident Dr. Daniel Wharton , and Wharton concedes that a brain tumor was only one possibility. Feeling that he must prove the accuracy of his diagnosis, Luther requests an autopsy, but Wharton informs him that according to state law, they cannot proceed without the permission of the deceased\'s family. When Ray refuses, as he does not want his brother\'s body to be cut up, Wharton confers with the head of the hospital, Dr. Sam Moreland , about requisitioning an autopsy. Moreland, aware that a scandal over the black doctor\'s actions could endanger funding, denies the request in the hope that the incident will be forgotten. Upon learning from police records that Johnny was married, Wharton and Luther visit his widow, Edie Johnson , who tells the doctors that she divorced Johnny a year and a half ago, and that she hates his whole family. Although she does not reveal it to Wharton, his sympathetic attitude persuades her to visit Ray to ask about the autopsy. Ray tells her, however, that Johnny would be alive if he had had a white doctor, and that Wharton wants to have the autopsy to cover up the truth about Luther\'s actions. Edie\'s racist feelings are revived by Ray, with whom she had committed adultery, and he convinces her that Wharton played her for a "chump," and that she can make up for her past infidelity to Johnny by contacting Beaver Canal club owner Rocky Miller  and telling him about Johnny\'s death. Accompanied by Ray\'s other brother George , who is deaf, Edie goes to the club, where Rocky and his pals lay plans to attack the black section of town, which they call "Niggertown." Although Edie desperately wishes to leave, Rocky forces her to stay. Meanwhile, Luther arrives at the hospital and learns about the upcoming attack from Lefty Jones , a black elevator operator. Luther tries to dissuade Lefty from organizing a counterattack, but Lefty reminds him of a race riot that occurred while Luther was away at school, during which Lefty and his sister were beaten. Luther then contacts Alderman Tompkins to try to avert the riot, while Lefty and a large group of blacks, including Luther\'s brother-in-law John , meet and plan their strategy. Edie watches in disgust as the whites prepare their weapons, but leaves before the blacks surprise the whites by attacking first. As victims of the riots are brought in to the hospital, Wharton is called in from home. Before he departs, however, a drunken and disheartened Edie arrives at his house, and Wharton leaves her in the care of his black maid, Gladys . Although Edie fears that Gladys will harm her because of her connection to the riot, Gladys tenderly cares for her when she collapses. At the hospital, Luther tends to the victims until a white woman orders him to take his "black hands" off her son. Stunned, Luther walks out, and the next morning, after Wharton returns home to find Edie chatting with Gladys, Luther\'s wife Cora  arrives and announces that Luther has given himself up to the police for the murder of Johnny Biddle. Cora relates that after he left the hospital, Luther realized that the coroner would be forced to conduct an autopsy if he were charged with murder. Wharton assures Cora that he will stand by Luther, and after he leaves with Edie, Cora\'s stoic demeanor in front of the whites crumbles and she cries in Gladys\' arms. Following the autopsy, the coroner confirms that Johnny died of a brain tumor and that Luther was justified in performing the spinal tap. Wharton, Cora and Edie are pleased that Luther has been exonerated, but Ray insists that the doctors are conspiring to bury the truth. Luther leaves with Cora, following by Edie, who denounces Ray before she departs. After overhearing Wharton tell the coroner that he is leaving town for a much-needed rest, Ray and George overpower the police guard and escape. When Edie returns to her apartment, she finds Ray and George waiting, and Ray, whose leg is bleeding profusely, beats Edie to make her call Luther and tell him to meet Wharton at his house. Drunk and in shock, Ray raves that he is going to kill Luther, then leaves Edie with George. By turning up the volume on her radio, which George does not notice, Edie cause her neighbors to break down her door, then escapes and calls the hospital prison ward for help. Meanwhile, when Luther enters Wharton\'s house, Ray holds a gun on him, beats him and shouts racist slurs. Edie arrives and tries to stop Ray from killing Luther, but Ray\'s physical pain and obsessive hatred have pushed him beyond reason. Edie turns out the lights as Ray shoots at Luther, and although Luther is wounded in the shoulder, he retrieves Ray\'s gun as he collapses in pain. Edie coldly tells Luther to let Ray\'s leg bleed, but Luther asserts that he cannot kill Ray simply because of his racism, then uses the gun and Edie\'s scarf to fashion a tourniquet. As a siren announces the arrival of the police, Luther tells the hysterical Ray, "Don\'t cry, white boy, you\'re gonna live."'] [" In 1925 Damascus, the natives are engaged in a guerrilla war against the French rule of Syria. Harry Smith  is an amoral American black marketeer secretly selling them weapons. As the situation deteriorates, French General LaSalle  orders that civilians be executed each time his soldiers are killed, but his head of military intelligence, Colonel Feroud , persuades him to rescind the plan. Feroud presses for negotiations with rebel leader Emir Hassan  instead. LaSalle reluctantly lets him try to arrange a meeting, but refuses to let Feroud make contact directly. The young officer sent in his place is later found with his throat cut. To complicate matters, Harry makes a pass at Feroud's unhappy mistress, Violetta , but she rejects him. Later, she informs Feroud she wants to leave him, but he refuses to let her go. By applying pressure to Balukjian , one of Harry's friendly rivals, Feroud finds out about Harry's gun running. Harry is tipped off, just as Violetta shows up and begs him to take her back to Cairo. Needing to flee himself, he agrees to take her along. However, a French patrol nearly captures Harry. He barely gets away, but has to leave behind his money, and without that, he is soon betrayed to the French. Facing execution, Harry agrees to help Feroud meet with Hassan. Hassan calls the colonel a fool and dismisses his plea for negotiations, but decides to spare his life when Harry and Feroud's aide Major Leon  show up offering a 10,000 pound ransom. The officers are allowed to leave; Harry is not so lucky. The rebels are angered that he has revealed the location of their headquarters to the French and fear he has sold them out, so they kill him. As Feroud and Leon walk back, they notice that the incessant gunfire and explosions have stopped. Feroud wonders aloud if he has convinced Hassan to be as big a fool."] ['The film tells the tale of a man called George Taylor , who returns home to the US from fighting in World War II. He is suffering from amnesia, and tries to track down his old identity, following a trail left behind by the mysterious Mr Larry Cravat. He ends up stumbling into a murder mystery involving Nazi loot. The complicated storyline is typical of film noir.'] ["In a California resort community, the wealthy Michael Reston is charged with the murder of a man he claimed attacked his wife, Charleen. Reston hires a high-priced lawyer, James Gordon Blane, a man known to do anything it takes to win a case. Blane makes few friends in the community because the victim was a popular figure while the Restons are not popular with anyone. But his skillful cross-examination of a sheriff, Nick Hoak, results in Blane's client being found not guilty. Hoak decides to get even. He claims to have evidence that Blane bribed a woman on the jury. Now it is Blane who goes on trial, with only his estranged wife, Diane, coming to his aid. While defending himself, Blane begins to feel remorse over having won acquittals for so many guilty clients. Blane ultimately is vindicated when the juror, Carol Morrow, turns out to be romantically involved with Hoak, the sheriff. Morrow gets some revenge of her own as the Blanes reconcile and leave town for good."] ['Anthony Mallare  is a publisher who  wishes to ruin the life of every person he comes in contact with. Every sentence he says is like a poisoned dart aimed for the greatest damage, and delivered in cold lifeless tones. He is under no illusion regarding his own personality, remarking to his staff at large that he has found the perfect woman - one as empty as he is: "I must marry her......it would be like two empty paper bags belaboring one another". He finally manages to completely destroy the career and life of an aspiring young author  and his girlfriend , who curses him with the hope that he will die friendless. Shortly afterwards he is killed when his plane crashes into the ocean—Haydon\'s character, upon hearing of the tragedy, remarks, "I\'ve just found out there IS a God!" Faced with the prospect of damnation he is allowed to go back to earth to find one person who will mourn for him - which person turns out to be Haydon.  The Scoundrel won the 1935 Academy Award for Best Original Story by writing team Hecht and MacArthur. It is an early role for Lionel Stander  and is a rare film role for columnist Alexander Woollcott typecast as an acid-tongued writer. The Scoundrel had its copyright renewed in 1962  and for several years has been available on several pirated VHS and DVD copies. In March 2008, the Noël Coward Society screened a 16mm copy of the film at the Paley Center for Media in New York City.'] ["Lieutenant Barney Nolan , a 16-year veteran of the police force, has had enough. In a secluded alley late one night, he fatally shoots a bookmaker in the back and steals the $25,000 he was carrying. He then claims the man was killed trying to escape custody. Sergeant Mark Brewster , his friend and partner, believes him, as does the Captain of Detectives, Captain Gunnarson . However, newspaper reporter Cabot  suspects otherwise. Packy Reed , the dead man's boss, sends private investigators Fat Michaels  and Laddie O'Neil to tell Barney he wants to see him. Packy gives Barney one chance to return the money, but Barney is uncooperative. Barney takes his girlfriend, Patty Winters , to see a house for sale, then slips away to hide the money outside. When he asks Patty to marry him, she accepts. Deaf-mute Ernst Sternmuller goes to the police station, but gives a note explaining he witnessed the crime to Barney, not recognizing him. Barney goes to his apartment to try to buy his silence, but when Sternmuller turns him down, angrily pushes the old man away. Sternmuller falls, strikes his head, and dies. Barney stages it to look like an accident, unaware the man had written down his account. Mark finds it and takes it to Gunnarson, who initiates a manhunt for Barney. Meanwhile, Barney runs into Michaels and O'Neil at a restaurant. Furious that the pair had harassed Patty, he savagely beats them both into unconsciousness with the butt of his revolver. When Barney finds out he is a wanted man, he persuades Patty to pack up and start a new life with him . Mark tries to take him in, but is knocked out. Barney changes into his old police uniform and goes into hiding. He arranges for passage to Buenos Aires, but when he goes to pick up the ticket at a crowded high school pool, finds he has been set up. He and a bandaged Michaels shoot it out, while panicked swimmers dive for cover. Barney manages to kill Michaels and heads to the house to retrieve the money. Mark learns from Patty  the only place the $25,000 could have been hidden. The police converge on the house. When Barney starts shooting, they have no choice but to kill him."] ["A story told in a number of flashbacks from different points of view, this psychological drama tells the story of a bride-to-be  who, as a child, was falsely accused of theft. She grows up to become a kleptomaniac and eventually a murderess. Apparently, all her misdeeds are an attempt by the woman to get her revenge on the world that has falsely accused her of stealing as a child by ruining people's lives. After splitting up with an artist , and her psychiatrist husband , she becomes engaged to the son  of the woman who'd accused her of thievery. Back in the present day, at her wedding, the young woman collapses as she walks to the altar."] ["The behavior of Mark Lamphere, an architect, turns strange shortly after his honeymoon with bride Celia, who begins finding out that Mark has many secrets. It turns out he was married before, his wife died suspiciously and they have a son. He also has a fiercely loyal secretary, Miss Robey, whose face is disfigured. Mark appears to be somewhat delusional and could be intending to murder Celia inside a room he keeps locked. The disturbed Miss Robey ends up setting fire to the house, whereupon Mark redeems himself by saving Celia's life."] ["Bowie  escapes from prison with bank robbers Chicamaw  and T-Dub . Bowie was unfairly convicted of murder. The three plan to rob a bank. Bowie needs the money to hire a lawyer to prove he's innocent. Bowie, injured in an auto accident, finds refuge with the daughter of the owner of a gas station, Keechie . They marry and plan to live an honest life. But then Chicamaw and T-Dub return and demand that Bowie come with them for one more job. Bowie refuses but finds that he is unable to escape from being hunted by the law. He meets a tragic end after he is betrayed. Keechie carries on and is pregnant with their child."] ["California housewife Lucia Harper  attempts to cover up what she believes  to be her daughter's ([[Geraldine Brooks  accidental murder of an undesirable ex-lover . Martin Donnelly , a clean-shaven smooth-talker involved in organized crime, tries to blackmail Lucia by threatening to take Bea and Darby's correspondence to the police. Complications arise when he realizes his true feelings for Lucia and discovers the truth. Donnelly's associate Nagel, initially a mysterious figure, rows with his colleague, who murders him. Donnelly dies in a car crash with the corpse soon afterwards. Normalcy appears to return for Lucia."] ['T. C. Jeffords  is a wealthy cattle baron who feels the Herrera family is squatting illegally on his property, The Furies. T. C.\'s beloved daughter, Vance , who is as obsessed with wealth and every bit as ruthless as her father, has a close bond with Juan Herrera in secret. What she wants more is a proper husband who can run the giant ranch with her once T. C. is gone. She falls in love with Rip Darrow , who holds a grudge against T. C., believing a portion of The Furies land to be rightfully his. Vance is shocked when Rip accepts a $50,000 bribe from T. C. to permanently get out of her life. Rip opens a bank in town near a saloon he owns called The Legal Tender. T. C. is so self-possessed, he pays bills with "T. C." notes rather than actual dollars. One day, he brings home to The Furies a woman, Flo Burnett , who wants to marry T. C. for his money. Vance comes to resent this intruder so much, she disfigures Flo in a fit of rage. Now that he hates the daughter he once cherished, T. C. cuts off all contact with her. He decides to run off her friends, the Herreras, who engage T. C.\'s men in a violent gunfight. When they surrender, T. C. cruelly has Juan Herrera hanged. Swearing vengeance, Vance travels about the west buying up "T. C." notes. Her father\'s wealth is eroding, to the point that he even goes to Flo in a vain attempt to borrow $50,000 he needs to save The Furies. Vance conspires with her old lover Rip to deceive T. C., giving him false hope that a wealthy investor is lending him the money. Upon discovering what his daughter has done, T. C. congratulates her on her cunning. He declares that it\'s not too late for him to "start from scratch," but before he can, the bereaved mother of Juan Herrera guns him down.'] ['Walter Neff , a successful insurance salesman for Pacific All Risk, returns to his office building in downtown Los Angeles late one night. He is clearly in pain as he sits down at his desk and begins dictating a memo into a Dictaphone machine for colleague Barton Keyes , a claims adjuster. The dictation becomes the story of the film, which is told in flashback: Neff first meets the alluring Phyllis Dietrichson  during a routine house call to renew an automobile insurance policy for her husband. A flirtation develops, at least until Phyllis asks how she could take out a policy on her husband\'s life without his knowing it. Neff realizes she is contemplating murder, and he wants no part of it. Phyllis pursues Neff to his own home, though, and ups the ante — or at least the voltage — of her flirtation; Neff\'s gullibility and libido quickly overcome his caution, and he agrees that the two of them, together, will kill her husband. Neff knows all the tricks of his trade, of course, and comes up with a plan in which Phyllis\'s husband will die an unlikely death, in this case falling from a moving train. The "accidental" nature of his demise will trigger the "double indemnity" clause of the policy, forcing Pacific All Risk to pay the widow twice the normal amount. The couple carry out their plan. Neff hides in the back seat of the car that Phyllis is driving, and kills Mr. Dietrichson. Neff, escorted by Phyllis, then boards the train, pretending to be her husband on a trip to Palo Alto for a college reunion. He uses a pair of crutches because Dietrichson has recently broken a leg. He also identifies himself as Dietrichson to a passenger from Oregon he encounters after the train pulls out of the station. Neff jumps off, safely, and he and Phyllis place Dietrichson\'s body on the tracks. Phyllis drives Neff home. Mr. Norton, the company\'s chief, believes the death was suicide and is prepared to settle with Phyllis; but, Investigator Keyes dissuades him by quoting statistics indicating the improbability of suicide, to Neff\'s initial delight. Keyes does not suspect foul play at first, but the "little man" in his chest keeps nagging that all is not right with this case. He eventually concludes that the Dietrichson woman and some unknown accomplice must be behind the husband\'s death. He has no reason to be suspicious of Neff, a colleague he has worked with for quite some time and actually views with considerable paternal affection. Keyes, however, is not Neff\'s only worry. The victim\'s daughter, Lola , comes to him, convinced that stepmother Phyllis is behind her father\'s death: it seems Lola\'s mother also died under suspicious circumstances — while Phyllis was her nurse. Neff\'s concern goes beyond his fear that Lola might blow the whistle on the murder; he is not such a heel that he doesn\'t begin to care about what might happen to the girl, whose parents have both been murdered. Keyes, now suspecting Dietrichson was murdered, is prepared to reject the claim and force Mrs. Dietrichson to sue in order to expose her. Neff warns Phyllis not to sue and admits he has been talking to Lola about her past. Then he learns Phyllis is seeing Lola\'s boyfriend Nino behind her — and his own — back. Phyllis\'s brazen unfaithfulness helps wake Neff from his romantic haze and he wants to save himself from his dire involvement with her and with murder. He reasons that the only way out is to make the police think Phyllis and Nino did the murder, which is what the tenacious Keyes now believes anyway.  Neff and Phyllis meet at her house and she tells him she has been seeing Nino only to provoke him into killing the suspicious Lola in a jealous rage. Neff is now wholly disgusted and is about to kill Phyllis when she shoots him first. Badly wounded but still standing, he advances on her, taunting her to shoot again. She does not shoot and he takes the gun from her. She says she never loved him "until a minute ago, when I couldn\'t fire that second shot." Neff coldly says he does not believe her; she tries hugging him tightly but then pulls away and looks pleadingly at him when she feels the gun pressed against her side. Neff says "Goodbye, baby," then shoots twice and kills her. Outside, Neff hides in the bushes and intercepts Nino as he approaches, ostensibly to visit his lover, Phyllis. Neff advises him to not enter the house, but to leave and contact "the woman who truly loves you" — Lola. Nino agrees and heads out, avoiding what would have been damning evidence against him if he\'d entered the murder house. Neff, gravely injured, drives to his office, seats himself at the Dictaphone, and starts explaining. Keyes arrives in mid-confession and hears enough to understand everything. Neff tells Keyes he is going to Mexico rather than face a death sentence — but sags to the floor before he can reach the elevator. With Keyes looking down at him, Neff says the reason Keyes couldn\'t solve the case was because Neff was "too close" as a fellow employee. Keyes tells Neff he was "closer than that." Neff responds, "I love you too," and puts a cigarette in his mouth. Neff is unable to light the match with his thumb, as he has done throughout the film, so Keyes lights it with his. {{clear}}'] ["Bill Saunders  is a former prisoner of war now living in England, whose experiences have left him unstable and violent. He gets into a bar fight in which he in kills a man and then flees. He hides out with the assistance of a nurse, Jane Wharton , who believes his story that the killing was an accident. Saunders is involved in another fight -- this time with a police officer. He ends up behind bars, but Jane, who is now in love with Saunders, gets him a job driving a truck delivering drugs for her medical clinic when he's released. Meanwhile, hoodlum Harry Carter, who witnessed the earlier bar fight, threatens to expose Saunders to the police. In return for his silence, Carter demands that Saunders cooperate with a planned robbery of his next drug shipment. When Saunders does do the delivery, Jane rides with him, forcing Saunders to make the delivery as planned to avoid getting Jane involved in the possibly dangerous theft. This betrayal of Carter puts the lives of Saunders and Jane in even greater danger."] ["Pete Morgan manages Jefty's Road House for his longtime friend, Jefty Robbins, who inherited the place from his father. Jefty is attracted to Lily Stevens, his new singer, but Pete thinks she is just another in a long string of girls he will eventually have to send on her way. Jefty, however, is convinced that Lily is different, even though she is playing hard-to-get with him. Although Pete tries to pay Lily off and put her on a train, she is not about to leave and makes a successful debut at the club, accompanying herself on piano. Jefty asks Pete to teach Lily how to bowl in the roadhouse's alley but she shows little interest in the sport and quite a bit more in Pete. Susie Smith, the club's cashier who is fond of Pete, soon becomes jealous of Lily. Before Jefty leaves on a hunting trip with some friends, he tells Lily that she is not like any other girl he has ever met. Lily then tries to join Pete for a boat ride on a lake, but he refuses to take her as she is Jefty's girl. When Lily contradicts that notion, Pete arranges to pick her up later. Susie also goes along, although the women's friendship is decidedly frosty. Later, Pete comes to Lily's rescue when a drunk causes a scene at the club. Afterward, Lily tells Pete about her childhood and they are soon engaged in a passionate kiss. Pete confesses that he loves her, and it is obvious she feels the same way about him. Their idyll is interrupted when Jefty returns from his hunting trip and shows Pete a marriage licence he has obtained in his and Lily's names. When Jefty phones Lily to tell her they are going to be married, she balks at his presumptuousness. Pete and Lily then discuss how they are going to tell Jefty about their romance, and Pete finally volunteers to speak with Jefty. When Pete tells Jefty that he and Lily are planning to be married, Jefty throws him out. Pete leaves Jefty a note stating that he and Lily are leaving that night and that he has taken $600 owed to him. As the couple waits at the railroad station, two policemen arrive and take them to be interviewed by their captain. Jefty claims that the entire week's receipts have been taken from the roadhouse's safe, but Pete insists he took only $600. After Susie states that the receipts totaled $2,600, Pete is held for trial and Lily accuses Jefty of framing him. Later, Pete is tried and found guilty of grand larceny. Before sentencing, Jefty talks to the judge in private and persuades him to parole Pete into his custody. The judge announces that Pete will be on probation for two years, but will have his job back and will be obligated to repay Jefty from his paycheck. Pete and Lily realize that Jefty has them trapped. Later, Jefty informs them that he, Pete, Lily and Susie are going to spend a few days at his hunting cabin. Pete tells Lily he wants to cross the Canadian border, which is only fifteen miles from the cabin, with her. Lily refuses to go, however, as she feels that violating the terms of his parole will only land Pete in more trouble. Once at his cabin, Jefty taunts Pete and Lily with the possibility of their escaping to Canada, and that night, when they are all outside, Jefty starts fooling around with his rifle. After Lily accuses Jefty of taking the missing money and setting Pete up, Jefty hits her. Pete retaliates by fighting Jefty and knocking him out. Lily then decides that she will go with Pete to Canada, and they set off on foot through the woods. Susie, meanwhile, discovers a deposit envelope for the receipts in Jefty's coat pocket and runs after Pete. When Susie gives the envelope to Pete, she is shot in the arm by a pursuing Jefty. In the fog-enshrouded lakeside, Pete then cranks up the motor on a boat and sends it off empty. After Jefty wastes bullets shooting at the boat, Pete tries to grab his gun, and a fight ensues. Lily gets possession of the gun and shoots Jefty when he threatens to hit her with a rock. As Jefty dies, he reminds Pete that he once told him that Lily was different. Dawn breaks as Pete, Lily and Susie head out of the woods and back to civilization."] ["Rocky Mulloy was sentenced to life in prison for a robbery and murder that he didn't commit. He's released five years later when a witness named Delong appears and provides an alibi. Rocky then sets out to find who framed him, hoping that by uncovering the actual criminals, he'll be able to free his friend Danny Morgan, also accused of the same crime. Delong is lying about the alibi. What he really wants is a share of the missing robbery loot. Rocky insists he wasn't involved. They go see Morgan's wife, Nancy, a former love of Rocky's, who now lives in a trailer park. Police Lt. Gus Cobb keeys an eye on Rocky because he's still convinced of his guilt. Rocky believes that bookie Louis Castro is the mastermind. He demands $50,000 at gunpoint. Castro won't agree to that, but gives him $500 to bet on a fixed horse race. Shots are fired at Delong and girlfriend Darlene near the trailer and she is killed. Nancy believes the intended victims were Rocky and herself. Rocky goes back to Castro and plays Russian roulette until Castro reveals where the robbery money can be found. It turns out Morgan was indeed involved and that Nancy now has his share. Lt. Cobb gradually comes to believe Rocky's innocence. Nancy says she loves him and invites him to run off together with the loot, but Rocky leaves her for the law."] ["Dr. Frank Matson, a physician, steals $200,000 from mob boss John Wheeler henchmen after a robbery Wheeler and henchman Ollie have pulled off. Forced to go on the run, Matson also takes Wheeler's girlfriend Laura Thorsen with him. After hiding out in Mexico, word gets back to Matson that Wheeler knows where he is. He and Laura go back to Los Angeles planning to return the money, only to find Wheeler has been shot by Ollie. About to meet the same fate, Matson produces a gun and kills Ollie instead. Laura is waiting for him at a cafe. As they leave, Matson turns to go back for a pack of cigarettes, but is hit by a car coming down the one-way street."] ['The film is set in 1918 in an unnamed small town. A widow  impulsively hires handyman  to look after her house. She soon learns Ryan is a dangerous schizophrenic, but by the time she comes to this realization she is unable to leave her house and escape from him.'] ['Frenchmen Mario and Jo, Dutch Bimba and Italian Luigi are stuck in the isolated South American town of Las Piedras. Surrounded by desert, the town\'s only link to the outside world is a small airport, but the airfare is beyond the means of the men. There is little opportunity for employment aside from the American corporation that dominates the town, Southern Oil Company , which operates the nearby oil fields and owns a walled compound within the town. SOC is suspected of unethical practices such as exploiting local workers and taking the law into its own hands, but the townspeople\'s dependence upon it is such that they suffer in silence. Mario is a sarcastic Corsican playboy, who treats his devoted lover, Linda, with disdain. Jo is an aging ex-gangster who just recently found himself stranded in the town. Bimba is an intense, quiet individual whose father was murdered by the Nazis, and who himself worked for three years in a salt mine. Luigi, Mario\'s roommate, is a jovial, hardworking individual, who has just learned that he is dying from cement dust in his lungs. Mario befriends Jo due to their common background of having lived in Paris, but a rift develops between Jo and the other cantina regulars because of his combative, arrogant personality. A massive fire erupts at one of the SOC oil fields. The only way to extinguish the flames and cap the well is an explosion caused by nitroglycerine. With short notice and lack of proper equipment, it must be transported within jerrycans placed in two large trucks from the SOC headquarters, 300 miles away. Due to the poor condition of the roads and the highly volatile nature of nitroglycerine, the job is considered too dangerous for the unionized SOC employees. The company foreman, Mr. O\' Brien, recruits truck drivers from the local community. Despite the dangers, many of the locals volunteer, lured by the high pay: US$2,000 per driver. This is a fortune to them, and the money is seen by some as the only way out of their dead-end lives. The pool of applicants is narrowed down to four handpicked drivers: Mario, Bimba and Luigi are chosen, along with a German named Smerloff. Smerloff fails to appear on the appointed day, so Jo, who knows O\' Brien from his bootlegging days, is substituted in his place. The other drivers suspect that Jo murdered Smerloff in order to facilitate his own hiring. Jo and Mario transport the nitroglycerin in one vehicle; Luigi and Bimba in the other, with thirty minutes separating them in order to limit potential casualties. The drivers are forced to deal with a series of physical and mental obstacles, including a stretch of extremely rough road called "the washboard", a construction barricade that forces them to teeter around a rotten platform above a precipice, and a boulder blocking the road. Jo finds that his nerves are not what they used to be, and the others confront Jo about his increasing cowardice. Finally, Luigi and Bimba\'s truck explodes without warning, killing them both. Mario and Jo arrive at the scene of the explosion only to find a large crater rapidly filling with oil from a pipeline ruptured in the blast. Jo exits the vehicle to help Mario navigate through the oil-filled crater. The truck, however, is in danger of becoming bogged down and during their frantic attempts to prevent it from getting stuck, Mario runs over Jo. Although the vehicle is ultimately freed from the muck, Jo is mortally wounded. On their arrival at the oil field, Mario and Jo are hailed as heroes, but Jo is dead and Mario collapses from exhaustion. Upon his recovery, Mario heads home in the same truck, now freed of its dangerous cargo. He collects double the wages following his friends\' deaths, and refuses the appointed chauffeur offered by SOC. Mario jubilantly drives down a mountain road, while a party at the cantina back in town where Mario\'s friends eagerly await his arrival. Mario swerves recklessly and intentionally, having cheated death so many times on the same road. He takes one corner too fast and plunges through the guardrail to his death. Linda, dancing in the cantina, appears to faint.'] ['Walker  works together with his friend Mal Reese  to steal a large amount of cash from a courier transporting funds for a major gambling operation, with the deserted Alcatraz island as a drop point. Reese then double-crosses Walker by shooting him, leaving him for dead. Reese also makes off with Walker\'s wife Lynne . Walker recovers. With assistance from the mysterious Yost , who seems to know everything about everybody, Walker sets out to find Reese, take his revenge and recover the $93,000 he is owed. Reese used all of the money from the job to pay back a debt to a crime syndicate called "The Organization" and get back in its good graces. With memories of happy times together, Walker goes to Los Angeles to pay back his wife and his best friend for their treachery. He bursts in on Lynne and riddles her bed with bullets, just in case Reese is in it. A distraught Lynne tells him she no longer wants to live, then takes an overdose of pills. Walker is told that a car dealer named Stegman  might know where Reese can be found. He takes Stegman for a wild ride in one of his new cars, smashing the car and terrorizing him until Stegman reveals where Reese is living. He is told that Reese has now taken up with Walker\'s sister-in-law, Chris. Breaking in on Chris , he learns that she actually despises Reese and had considered Walker the best thing ever to happen to her sister. Willing to help in any way, Chris agrees to a sexual tryst with Reese inside his heavily guarded penthouse apartment just so she can gain access and unbolt a door for Walker. Walker ties up some men in an apartment across from the penthouse and has a call made to police to report a robbery, creating a diversion that enables him to slip into the penthouse. With a gun to Reese\'s head, Walker persuades him to give up the names of his organization superiors – Carter, Brewster and Fairfax – so that he can make somebody pay back his $93,000. He then forces a naked Reese off the balcony and watches him plunge to his death. After next confronting Carter  for his money, Walker is set up. A hit man  with a high-powered rifle is assigned to kill him at a money drop in a storm-drain river bed. Walker sees to it that Carter and Stegman are the ones who get shot. Yost takes him to a home belonging to Brewster . Walker visits Chris in her apartment, which has been trashed by the organization. He takes her to the home belonging to Brewster. Walker waits for Brewster to return there. Chris makes love with Walker after first fighting with him. The following morning, Brewster comes home and is ambushed by Walker, who demands his money. Brewster insists that no one will pay. Walker says that if Brewster won\'t pay, he will kill him and try Fairfax next. Brewster explains that he is about to have Fairfax eliminated in order to take his place, and that he will get Walker the money after all. They return to Alcatraz, which is still a drop. Brewster brings a case in which he claims to have the money. Walker doesn\'t trust him and refuses to show himself. The hit man is also in the darkness with his rifle. Brewster is shot. It is Yost who emerges from the shadows, whereupon Brewster calls out to Walker: "This is Fairfax! Kill him!" Yost/Fairfax thanks Walker – still hiding in the darkness – for eliminating his dangerous underlings and offers him an enforcer job, claiming he has looked for a man like him for years. Walker remains silent and does not bother collecting the money.'] ["It is New Year's Eve 1946 and a woman is standing over her dead husband with a gun in her hand. She panics and goes to her friends for help. While seeking help from her friends at a pair of parties, she wishes that she could live 1946 all over again. Magically, because she wished exactly at the strike of midnight on New Year's, her wish is granted and she is transported back to the beginning of 1946 with her husband alive. She attempts to relive the year without making the mistakes she and her friends made throughout the year. The story climaxes again on New Year's Eve, where she again has to decide to kill her husband or not."] ['A grisly murder occurs in Maruyama-cho, Shibuya, Tokyo — a love hotel district — a woman was found dead in a derelict apartment. Whilst the police investigate, the story interweaves with that of Izumi, the wife of a famous romantic novelist whose life seems just a daily repetition without romance. One day, to break away from the loveless monotony, she decides to follow her desires and accepts a job as a nude model enacting sex in front of the camera. Soon she meets with a mentor and starts selling her body to strangers, whilst at home she hides behind the facade that she is still the wife she is supposed to be.'] ["The film tells the story of John Hamilton  who's retreated to Stoneville, Connecticut, in the New England countryside, to pursue a career as a commercial artist, but his wife Linda  wants to go back to New York. She is observed as being both drunk and a little strange by the town-folk. Then his alcoholic and psychologically disturbed wife disappears one day. When she does John is suspected of killing his wife."] ['Scott, a mounted Coast Guard officer, suffers from recurring nightmares involving a maritime tragedy. He sees himself immersed in an eerie landscape surrounded by a shipwreck and walking over skeletons at the bottom of the sea while a ghostly blond woman beckons him from afar. He thinks he is going mad. But at the same time, he decides to propose to Eve, a young woman working at Geddes, a local shipyard catering to the Coast Guard. She accepts. Eve has a strong resemblance to the ghostly blond of his nightmares. While riding by the seaside on his horse, Scott meets Peggy, a brunette, the mysterious wife of Tod, a blind painter. At first, though, he rides by her as she stands near a shipwreck protruding from the sand; she seems like an eerie echo from his nightmares. After a conversation, they discover that they share similar metaphysical anxieties. A bond develops between the two but the situation gets more tangled when Tod tries to befriend Scott. Tod\'s attitude toward Scott, apart from his friendship, is also ambivalent. The retired painter tries to test Peggy and Scott to gauge how far they could go in their relationship. Outwardly Tod seems confident; he even tells Peggy that he knows she could never leave him and that he finds Scott, a much younger man, virile but banal. However behind this facade lies a deeply wounded man who cannot come to terms with the fact that because of his blindness, he cannot paint any longer. In one exchange with Scott he tells him that dead painters\' works always appreciate in value. Indeed, he expects the value of his paintings to increase, considering he is now \'dead\' as a painter. Initially Scott is suspicious of Tod\'s motives; he also suspects that Tod is not blind. Scott is also increasingly interested in Peggy, who returns his attentions. During an outing that Scott sets up to test the painter, he moves Tod near the edge of a cliff, but then inadvertently lets him fall, thinking that he will be forced to see and therefore avoid the fall at the last minute. After this mishap, Tod eventually recovers. He at first thinks that Scott would now become his friend since the fall would remove any doubts about his true blindness. But soon after Tod exhibits abusive behavior toward Peggy when he realizes that she has hid his masterpiece, his portrait of her. Seeing this, Scott tries to protect her. As Scott grows more attracted to Peggy, he becomes ambivalent toward his earlier relationship with Eve Geddes. Eve in turn, sensing Scott\'s infatuation with Peggy, becomes distant and asks Scott to delay their marriage plans. The narrative reaches one climax when Scott attempts to drown both Tod and himself during a boat outing with him that started as a fishing trip. By trying to pierce the bottom of the boat, it\'s apparent that Scott has put himself in danger as well, since he would be swimming helpless in the stormy seas had he been successful at this attempt. This scene illustrates the degree of his desperation, if not madness. This attempt by Scott to drown Tod reveals the depth of his emotional attachment to Peggy. Scott\'s plan fails, however, because Peggy, who seemingly went along with his plan, has a change of heart and alerts the authorities. Both Tod and Scott are eventually rescued by the Coast Guard. Eve, part of the rescue team, echoes the metaphysical connection to the blonde of his undersea nightmare who beckoned Scott in his dreams. In the film\'s finale, Tod burns all his paintings along with the house he and Peggy lived in. Peggy frantically tries to stop Tod and save the paintings: they are worth a fortune. She fails, as Scott forces her out of the collapsing house. After they have moved safely away, Scott asks Tod why he did it. Tod says the paintings were a symbol of the obsession he had with his previous, sighted life. Now that Tod\'s obsession with his past has been purged, he is free to go on with his life. He asks Peggy to take him to New York, where they have happy memories of their earlier life together. Afterwards she may "do as she pleases". Peggy embraces Tod. Observing this, Scott leaves them.'] ["On a lonely highway, Jim Grayam spots a car stopped at a railroad crossing. Inside he finds a sleeping or unconscious woman with the car doors locked. Unable to wake her, Grayam smashes a window and drives the car to safety just ahead of a speeding train. Identifying her from a driver's license as Lorrie Benson, the wife of Beverly Hills millionaire Cort Benson, he drives her to their mansion. Grayam is a systems analyst for Benson Industries, widely admired throughout the company for his intelligence. When she wakes up, Lorrie makes it clear that she had parked the car on the tracks on purpose, a suicide attempt, and resents Grayam for saving her. Grayam declines a $1,000 reward. Impressed that he didn't rescue her for his own advancement, the hard-drinking and wild-partying Lorrie recruits him for a scavenger hunt, then begins a romantic affair with him. When the relationship turns serious, Cort Benson begins to sully Grayam's reputation at work, making it appear the valued employee is having a nervous breakdown, similar to one from his youth. Dr. Elizabeth Larstadt, a therapist, is asked to examine Grayam and finds him to have a volatile personality. Lorrie wants to leave her husband, but Cort makes it clear he won't permit her to take their young child. Grayam hatches a diabolical plot. He will kill Cort, but not before studying how to give the appearance of insanity, so that he will be sentenced to a psychiatric institution rather than to the gas chamber for murder. The scheme works. Dr. Larstadt's testimony lands Grayam in a sanitarium rather than a prison cell. Grayam's intention is to gradually prove to doctors that he is safe to be released back into society. In the weeks to come, however, the other inmates' behavior drives Grayam slowly out of his mind. And when he finally is visited by Lorrie, he discovers to his horror that she now has another man in her life. A desperate Grayam plans to escape. He confides in Dr. Larstadt, now believing her to be the only one who truly understands him, and even professes his love for her. The doctor, however, is only making sure that she was correct in her assessment that Grayam is unbalanced. Hospital security guards carry him away."] ["After being dumped by his fiancée, hard-drinking and depressed Mark Cormack  loses his job in the Los Angeles district attorney's office and serves as bouncer in a Las Vegas casino. A wheelchair-using stranger Barzland  hires him to locate a ruby that disappeared in a Caribbean plane crash. He lures Cormack into doing the job by telling him it may be in the possession of the very woman who jilted him. The ex-detective flies to remote Santo Rosario to find the stone and investigate the mystery. When he finds his old flame he finds that her husband is in prison. Cormack, again falling for Janet, is convinced into helping him break out of jail. But Janet has other plans."] ['In London, Julia Ross  goes to a new employment agency, desperate for work. When Mrs. Sparkes  learns that she has no near relations, she recommends Julia for a job as a live-in personal secretary to a wealthy widow, Mrs. Hughes . Mrs. Hughes approves and insists that she move that very night into her house. Two days later, Julia awakens a prisoner at an isolated seaside estate in Cornwall. All her possessions have disappeared and the young woman is told she is really Marion, the wife of Ralph Hughes , Mrs. Hughes\' son. The staff have been told that she has suffered a nervous breakdown; as a result, they ignore her seemingly wild claims and her attempts to escape are all foiled. Julia writes a letter to her only close friend and admirer, Dennis Bruce , and cleverly leaves it where it can be found. The Hughes substitute a blank sheet of paper and allow her to post it, unaware that Julia has anticipated them and written a second letter. Even so, when a "doctor" comes in response to a fake poisoning attempt, she blurts out her plan to him, only to discover that he  is in on the scheme. He is dispatched to London to intercept the letter. When the real doctor shows up, Julia refuses to see him. The doctor recommends she be taken to a hospital immediately, but Mrs. Hughes persuades him to come back in the morning. That night, Julia discovers a secret passage to her room and overhears Ralph admit to his mother that he murdered his real wife in a fit of rage and disposed of her body in the sea. Julia\'s captors have to make it appear that she has committed suicide before the doctor can take her away. Julia throws her gown out the window, making it look like she threw herself to her death, then hides in the secret passage. When the doctor drives up, Mrs. Hughes delays him so that her son can get to the body first. Ralph picks up a rock to ensure that Julia is really dead, but is stopped by Dennis and a policeman, alerted by the letter. When Ralph tries to flee, he is shot down.'] ["Eddie  owns a London barber's shop and leads an apparently everyday life. However, under an assumed name he has a secret second identity known to no-one but his assistant Ron ([[Bill Owen  &ndash; he is also one of England's public hangmen, called on periodically to travel to prisons around the country to perform judicial executions. One evening during a rainstorm, Eddie goes into a public house for a drink and meets the bedraggled Frankie , an aimless, world-beaten drifter.  The pair fall in love and are soon married, although Frankie's vagueness about her past hangs unspoken over the relationship. Eddie's father dies, leaving him the family barge business on the River Thames. He hands over the barber's shop to Ron and takes over the business, setting up home with Frankie on one of the barges. Eddie hires a Scandinavian seaman Olaf  to work for him, and soon the arrogant Olaf has Frankie in his sights. Despite herself she is attracted to him, but tries to deny her feelings. Meanwhile Eddie is called away for reasons he cannot explain, and Frankie increasingly finds herself struggling to rebuff Olaf's advances during Eddie's absences. When he is next called away, she begs him either not to go or to take her with him, but as neither is an option for Eddie, she pleads with elderly bargeman Bill Shackle  to stay with her while Eddie is gone. Shackle is unable to grant her request due to other commitments. Eddie returns unexpectedly early, and discovers Frankie and Olaf in an apparently compromising situation. A fight ensues between the two men, during which Eddie is knocked overboard and fails to resurface. The police are called by a witness to events, and Olaf is arrested for murder as it is presumed that Eddie's body has been carried away on the tide. In despair, Frankie commits suicide by shooting herself. However, Eddie has managed to swim to shore and takes refuge with Ron. Olaf is convicted of murder and sentenced to hang. With nobody but Ron aware that Eddie and the alleged murder victim are one and the same, Eddie is summoned to carry out Olaf's execution, and relishes the prospect of being able to avenge Frankie's death. When the time comes however, he is unable to go through with it and confesses his identity at the last moment. He returns to the barber's shop and prepares to end his own life."] ["Just out of prison, Johnny Crown or another name Johnny Alt  is running a bit late for a meeting he's been waiting seven years to attend. First he has a little unfinished business to take care of: hunt down every last man responsible for taking out his dad. Like everything else Johnny does, he's going to do it his way – in style. With his mysterious friend Frank Gavilan  along for the ride, Johnny's out to uncover just who masterminded his father's hit, and settle the score for good."] ['Vincent Parry, a man convicted of killing his wife, escapes from San Quentin prison by stowing away in a supply truck. He evades police and hitches a ride with a passing motorist named Baker. Parry\'s odd clothes and a news report on the radio about an escaped convict make Baker suspicious. When questioned, Parry beats him unconscious. Irene Jansen, who had been painting nearby, picks up Parry and smuggles him into San Francisco, offering him shelter in her apartment. An acquaintance of Jansen, Madge, comes by Irene\'s apartment. Parry, without opening the door, tells her to go away. Madge was a former romantic interest of Parry\'s whom he had spurned. Out of spite she testified at his trial, providing a motive as to why he would have killed his wife. When she returns Irene explains that she had followed Parry\'s case with interest. Her own father had been falsely convicted of murder and ever since she had taken an interest in miscarriages of justice. She believes that Parry is innocent. Parry goes out but is recognized by a cab driver, Sam. The man turns out to be sympathetic and gives Parry the name of a plastic surgeon who can change his appearance. Parry arranges to stay with a friend, George Fellsinger, during the recuperation from surgery. Dr. Coley performs the operation. Parry, unable to speak, his face wrapped in bandages, returns to George\'s apartment only to find his friend murdered. He stumbles back to Irene\'s house, collapsing at her doorstep. Irene nurses him back to health. Madge and a man named Bob, who is romantically interested in Irene, come by. Madge is worried that Parry will kill her for testifying against him and asks to stay with Irene for protection. Irene gets rid of Madge and deflects Bob by saying that she has already met someone to whom she is attracted, "Vincent Parry." She feigns that she is lying, but actually she is telling the truth, as Parry hides in a bedroom. Bob takes Irene\'s statement as a joke but accepts that Irene is interested in another man. As he recuperates, Parry learns that he is now wanted for the murder of his friend George, his fingerprints having been found on the murder weapon, George\'s trumpet. After his bandages are removed, Parry reluctantly parts from Irene, declaring that she will be better off if she is not part of his life. Parry decides to flee the city before trying to find out who really killed his wife. At a diner, an undercover policeman becomes suspicious because of Parry\'s behavior. The policeman asks for identification but Parry claims to have left it at his hotel. On the street, Parry darts in front of a moving car to escape. At the hotel, Parry is surprised by Baker, who holds him at gunpoint. Baker has been following Parry since they first met. He now demands that Irene pay him $60,000 or he will turn Parry over to the law. Parry agrees, and Baker obliges him to drive the two of them to Irene\'s apartment. Claiming to take a shortcut, Parry drives to a secluded spot underneath the Golden Gate Bridge. There he succeeds in disarming Baker and questions him, becoming convinced that Madge is behind the deaths of his wife and friend. The two men fight with Baker eventually falling to his death. Parry heads to Madge\'s place. Knowing that she doesn\'t recognize him with this face, he pretends to be a friend of Bob\'s interested in courting her. Parry eventually reveals his true identity and accuses a terrified Madge of having killed his wife and George as well. Madge points out that without a confession, his accusations will be worthless. But while turning away from him, she accidentally falls through a window to her death. Knowing that he cannot prove his innocence, and that he will likely be accused of Madge\'s murder on top of the others, Parry has no choice but to flee. He intends to get to Mexico and then South America. He phones Irene, revealing his plans. The next time he is seen, Parry is having a drink in a nightclub in Peru when he spots Irene across the dance floor. They embrace.'] ['The drama tells of a lawyer, Joe Morse , working for a powerful gangster, Tucker, who wishes to consolidate and control the numbers racket in New York. This means assuming control of the many smaller numbers rackets, one of which is run by Morse’s older brother Leo Morse . The plot which unfolds is a terse, melodramatic thriller notable for realist location photography, almost poetic dialogue and frequent biblical allusions .'] ["The year is 1948. His Hollywood career deadlocked, Orson Welles  is in need to get over his failed marriage to Rita Hayworth. When he travels to Rome for the lead role in Black Magic, an actor is murdered on set and Welles finds himself allured by the deceased's beautiful stepdaughter . Soon Welles becomes embroiled in dangerous political games as the run-up to post-war elections surfaces."] ['A war-veteran-turned-truck driver Nico "Nick" Garcos  arrives at home to find his foreign-born father, who is a farmer, crippled. He learns that his father was crippled at the hands of an amoral produce dealer in San Francisco, Mike Figlia . Garcos vows revenge. Garcos drives a truckload of apples to San Francisco, where he runs into Figlia. With the help of other drivers and a streetwalker , he defeats Figlia and restores his family honor.'] ["Alex Winkley , a young Navy sailor, wakes up from a night of drinking in New York City and finds he has a wad of cash. His memory is hazy, but he knows he got it from a woman he had visited earlier in the evening, Edna Bartelli . With the help of a dance hall girl, June Goth , he attempts to return the money, only to find out that the woman from whom he got the cash is now dead. The sailor isn't sure if he's the killer or not. Alex and June, along with a philosophical cabbie , stay up all night attempting to solve the murder mystery before the sailor has to catch a bus to the naval base in Norfolk, Virginia in the morning. Their deadline is at dawn. During the film, there are many false leads and red herrings, involving a blind piano player named Sleepy Parsons , and a young couple. Bartelli had been in the business of blackmailing men with whom she had had affairs, so there are many possible suspects. The woman's brother Val , adds a touch of menace to the plot. The surprise ending resolves all issues, including the relationship between Alex and June."] ['Two soldiers have been robbed and murdered while guarding a shipment of gold. Into town rides Haven, a military intelligence officer traveling incognito. A beautiful saloon singer catches Haven\'s eye. After he meets Mrs. Caslon, who owns the gold mine, Haven hears that someone called "Charlie" is the brains behind the scenes. He finds out to his surprise that Charlie is the singer. Charlie\'s lawyer, Bristow, is $6,000 in her debt and therefore might be involved in the gold theft. Haven beats up Charlie\'s saloon bouncer in a fight and is offered a job as transport chief for the gold. On the stagecoach, driver Goddard is killed and Haven knocked cold. Bristow comes to kill him, but Haven gets the upper hand. Bristow is shot by men named Prince and Marion. After persuading the sheriff to arrest him for the crime, Haven escapes, shoots Marion and learns that Charlie\'s men plan to disguise themselves as military officers to steal more of Mrs. Caslon\'s gold. Prince sneaks up intending to shoot Haven, but his bullet hits Charlie instead. Haven does away with Prince and rushes to Charlie\'s side. She tells Haven she loves him before dying in his arms.'] ["Guy Van Stratten, a small-time American smuggler working in Europe, is at the scene of the murder of a man named Bracco. The dying man whispers two names that he claims are very valuable, one of which is Gregory Arkadin. Using this small bit of information and lots of bluffing, Van Stratten manages to meet the apparent multi-millionaire business magnate and socialite Arkadin, and Arkadin then hires Van Stratten to research his own past, of which he claims to have no memory before 1927. Traveling across the world, Van Stratten pieces together Arkadin's past from the few remaining people who knew Arkadin as a gangster in post-World War I Europe, but in each case the individuals he speaks to end up dead. Van Stratten ultimately discovers the truth about Arkadin's past, leading to a climactic race to Spain between the two, with disastrous consequences."] ["Chris Hunter stabs a man in her home one night while her husband Bob is out of town. The dead man's name is Tanner and she claims not to know him. A blackmailer, Martin Barrow, shows up with a bust of Chris Hunter's head signed by Tanner, who was a sculptor. Larry Hannaford, her lawyer and a good friend, realizes that Chris is lying about not knowing the man she killed. Barrow double-crosses her by taking the artwork to Tanner's wife, who is now convinced Chris had an affair with her husband. She relays this information to Bob Hunter, who demands a divorce after Chris admits having an affair with Tanner while her husband was away during the war. Chris is charged with murder and tried. Hannaford persuades the jury that while Chris was indeed guilty of adultery, she stabbed Tanner in self-defense."] ['Joe Norson  lives with his in-laws in New York City after losing his gas station and has found work as a part-time mail carrier. Because he wants the best for his expectant wife Ellen , Joe rationalizes stealing what he thinks is $200 from a lawyer\'s office on his route. He discovers that he\'s actually stolen $30,000 from Victor Backett , a corrupt attorney. Backett has framed wealthy broker-patsy Emil Lorrison ([[Paul Harvey  in a sex scandal, then extorted the money from him with the help of Lucille Colner  and ex-con accomplice George Garsell ([[James Craig . From the start, Joe begins to panic. He explains his new-found wealth to Ellen as a lucrative out-of-town job, then disguises the money as a package and leaves it with bartender Nick Drumman . In the meantime Lucille\'s body is found in the East River, strangled, and Capt. Walter Anderson ([[Paul Kelly  of the New York Police Department investigates the murder. Both Lorrison and Backett are interviewed, names found in her "love diary." After the birth of his child, Joe decides to try to return his ill-gotten gain, but Backett suspects a trap and refuses the offer. Backett instead sends Garsell and a taxi cab driver accomplice to grab Joe and recover the cash. Joe is able to escape after they discover that Drumman has substituted a nightgown in the package and gone into hiding with the money. Joe looks for Drumman, but Garsell finds the bartender first, strangles him, and recovers the money. Joe confesses the original theft to Ellen, who urges him to turn himself in, but he finds himself a suspect in Drumman\'s murder. He tries to track down the source of the money to clear himself, even as Capt. Anderson methodically pursues both men as suspects, Garsell for Lucille and Joe for Drumman. Joe locates Garsell\'s girlfriend, singer Harriette Sinton , but she betrays him to Garsell. Garsell plans to murder Joe, strangles Harriette to eliminate her as a witness, and takes both in the taxi cab to dump them into the river. Capt. Anderson is hot on their heels and a chase ensues through the early morning streets of New York. Garsell kills his partner and forces Joe to drive, but Joe deliberately crashes the taxi to end the nightmare. When Garsell tries to run out of the car, he is shot by the police and killed. Joe is carried out of the car by the police and taken into the ambulance. Ellen arrives just before he leaves, and they embrace before he goes to the hospital. Joe survives the accident, and the police are able to learn the truth so Joe is cleared of the crime.'] ['{{Expand section}} In 1935 French Diplomat David Talbot  and his bride Lucienne  are enjoying a honeymoon in Paris when David is confronted by extortionist Carlos Le Duc  who demands money in exchange for not turning him in to the police.'] ['Opening at a Los Angeles party around Christmas, self-aware narrator Harry Lockhart  recounts the events of the film. When fleeing a botched robbery with his friend, Harry\'s friend is killed, forcing Harry to evade the police by ducking into an audition; when the script mirrors his friend\'s death, Harry impresses the producers with an outburst they mistake for method acting. Attending the intro Hollywood party before a screen test, Harry is introduced to private investigator "Gay" Perry van Shrike , who is enlisted to help Harry prepare for his acting role, and later re-encounters his childhood crush and friend Harmony Lane ; due to Harmony\'s younger sister Jenna being subject to sexual abuse, Harmony left for L.A. to become an actress and to support her sister. Concurrently, Harry also meets party host Harlan Dexter , a retired actor and millionaire who recently resolved a ten year feud over his wife\'s inheritance with his daughter, Veronica. While investigating the next day, Perry and Harry witness a vehicle and body being dumped in a lake, and are spotted by the killers; as Perry accidentally shot the corpse, they are prevented from calling the police. Returning to his hotel, Harry receives a call stating Harmony committed suicide; Harmony then appears and reveals she was mistaken for her sister, Jenna, who arrived in L.A. and stole Harmony\'s credit cards, only to then kill herself. Believing Harry to be a detective, Harmony then asks him to investigate Jenna\'s death as she thinks she was murdered. After Harmony leaves, Harry discovers the lake corpse in his bathroom, as well as a planted pistol; after he and Perry dump the corpse, it is found and identified as Veronica Dexter, whom the pair saw at the party. Perry demands Harry leave L.A. due to the lake killers identifying and framing him. However, Harry discovers Perry was hired to investigate the lake by Harmony\'s late sister, linking the cases. Attending a party where Harmony is working, the trio discover Harmony told her sister a fictional character  was her real father, prompting Jenna to come to L.A.. When Perry leaves to a stakeout for another case, Harry is threatened and beaten by the lake killers, Mr. Frying Pan  and Mustard . When taking Harry to the hospital, Harmony realizes the lake killers are heading to Perry\'s stakeout, prompting her to rescue him; when Harry is left passed out in Harmony\'s car, a Pink-Haired Girl , who is affiliated with the killers, unknowingly takes Harry to her safehouse; when Harry witnesses Mustard murdering her, Harry shoots and kills Mustard out of anger. After Harmony then disappears following a lead, Harry and Perry investigate a private health clinic owned by Harlan Dexter; Perry then realizes that Veronica Dexter was incarcerated there by Harlan so an impostor could drop her court case, before Harlan killed his daughter and crashed the body into the lake after gaining his wife\'s inheritance. After Harry and Perry are then captured, Dexter reveals he now plans to cremate his real daughter\'s corpse to remove any remaining evidence, only for Harmony to steal the van containing the coffin. Harry and Perry escape, but Harmony crashes the van, leaving Veronica\'s body hanging off an overpass. After Harmony flees and is concussed by a fall, a shootout commences that leaves Harry and Perry shot. When Harry tries to save Harmony, he falls over the overpass, grabbing onto Veronica\'s corpse; after narrowly shooting Dexter and his thugs, Harry finds Harmony, then collapses from his wounds. Awaking in the hospital, Harry finds that Perry and Harmony are fine, and the former reveals Harmony\'s sister was not murdered, but committed suicide. After Jenna escaped parental incest in Indiana, she located Dexter believing him to be her real father, only to find him having sex with Veronica\'s impostor, who was the Pink-Haired Girl; since she looked like Veronica Dexter at the time, Jenna believed Dexter to be incestuous like her real father, and, after hiring Perry to investigate, committed suicide. The film contains an epilogue where Perry confronts Harmony and Jenna\'s father, before the film closes with present-day Harry giving a monologue on how he now works for Perry.'] ['Steve Michel  and his henchmen hijack a valuable shipment of furs, but botch the job by killing a night watchman. Police detective Dick Tracy  is brought in to investigate the fur thefts connected with murder with the assistance of his partner Pat Patton  as well as the flamboyant Vitamin Flintheart  and "Sightless" . This leads him to look into possible higher-ups who may have ordered the robbery. Tracy soon learns that the person behind it all is Steve Michel, a hook-wielding criminal who calls himself "The Claw." Before Tracy can unravel the bigger picture and the larger forces at work, the Claw dispatches more victims in a gruesome manner. Finally, when Tracy shows up to arrest him, the two engage in a high-speed chase. While on the run, the Claw electrocutes himself by plunging his hook into electrical wires while trying to kill Tracy.'] ["Taking place in Quebec City, The Whispering City tells the story of a lawyer and a patron of the arts, Albert Frédéric, who, earlier in life, caused a murder and made it look like an accident for financial gain. Later in life, a dying woman tells a reporter the tale of how she thinks the accident was actually murder. The young American reporter, Mary Roberts, begins investigating the case, unaware that the charming lawyer may be behind it all. Meanwhile Michel Lacoste, a classical composer, who is supported by Frédéric, is having marriage troubles. Finally his wife kills herself and leaves the husband a note. Frédéric sneaks into the apartment, takes the note and convinces the man that he killed her in a drunken rage. Michel, whose night was indeed blacked out by drink, can't remember anything. The lawyer then offers the composer a deal: Kill reporter Mary Roberts in exchange for legal representation that will guarantee to get the younger man off the hook. The man, seeing no other choice, agrees reluctantly. The man and woman meet but he can't kill her. In fact, they begin to fall in love. Instead they figure out that the lawyer is the killer and set about a scheme to drive the lawyer into confessing to the crime."] ["On the surface, Richard  and Kathryn Mason  appear to be a happily married couple. But on their fifth wedding anniversary, Kathryn accuses Richard of having fallen in love with her younger sister, Evelyn Turner , who is visiting them. He does not deny it, but has resigned himself to leaving things as they are, since he is certain Kathryn would not give him a divorce. At a party celebrating the couple's anniversary hosted by family friend and psychologist Dr. Mark Hamilton , Evelyn meets with Mark's handsome young colleague, Professor Norman Holdsworth . On the way home, Kathryn suggests to Evelyn that their mother is lonely, so Evelyn decides to move home. Distracted by this unwelcome news, Richard crashes their car and suffers a broken leg. He then decides to take desperate action. Richard pretends to require a wheelchair, even after his leg has healed; his puzzled physician, Doctor Grant ([[Grant Mitchell , diagnoses the problem as psychological, not physical. He suggests exercise, so a car trip to a mountain resort is arranged. At the last minute, Richard has to stay home to do some work; he has Kathryn go on ahead by herself. She is blocked on a narrow deserted mountain road by a parked car. Richard walks unexpectedly out of the fog and kills her. Afterward, he pushes her car down a steep slope; it dislodges some logs which crash down and hide the automobile. He returns home in time to set up an alibi by meeting with employees he had summoned. He then notifies the police that she is missing. However, things happen to make Richard wonder if Kathryn somehow survived. First, a hobo is picked up by the police; when Richard and Evelyn identify a cameo ring found in his possession as belonging to the missing woman, the tramp admits to having stolen it from a woman matching Kathryn's description after her disappearance. Then Richard smells Kathryn's perfume in their bedroom. He later finds her key to a home safe; when he opens the safe, her wedding ring is inside. Mark suggests Richard and Evelyn join him on a fishing vacation to relieve the strain. Mark also invites Holdsworth, who takes the opportunity to ask Evelyn to marry him. She is undecided. When she tells Richard, he believes her hesitation is because of him. He tells her he loves her, and that she must feel the same about him, but she strongly denies it. Realizing his mistake, he encourages Holdsworth to try again. Then a pawn shop claim ticket is mailed to Richard, addressed in what appears to be his wife's handwriting. When he goes to the pawn shop, he finds Kathryn's locket. Finally, a woman looking and dressed like his wife passes by on the street while he is in a shop. He follows her to an apartment, but when he has the owner show him the place a few minutes later, there is no one there. It turns out that it was all designed to make Richard incriminate himself. He had given himself away to Hamilton when he told detectives she was wearing a rose the last time he saw her. Mark gave Kathryn the rose after she had left her husband, something Richard should have had no way of knowing. Kathryn's corpse had been found, but Richard was not told, in order for him to expose his own guilt. The ploy works. Richard returns to the murder scene to see if her body is there; the police and Mark Hamilton are there waiting to arrest him."] ["Ray Milland plays Dr. Allan Fields a nuclear physicist who works for the Atomic Energy Commission in Washington, D.C.. Fields is also a spy working for an unnamed foreign power. Through a series of elaborate devices and plans, Fields takes secret photos of his top-secret work and passes the secrets, through a vast network chain in New York City, to an apparently enemy country. The latest canister of microfilm the doctor sends out is picked up by authorities after the courier is killed in a traffic accident in New York's Central Park with the documents in his possession. Fields comes under suspicion by the FBI. Now scared and paranoid, he stays overnight in a cheap hotel. He is waiting for a call on the hall phone to give him instructions on his next move. After he has finally contacted, he is tailed by an FBI agent to the Empire State Building. While at the observatory tower, Fields meets his contact. The alert F.B.I. agent spots this and pursues Fields who climbs even higher, at one point Fields fights off the agent causing him to plummet to his death. He escapes the building with papers in hand that will get him out of the country, but he becomes shaken by the sight of the dead agent on the sidewalk. The doctor finally breaks down back in his hotel room after realizing what he has done and gives himself up to the F.B.I. the next day."] ['Sherry Conley  is a model who is in prison for a crime she did not knowingly commit. She is offered a deal for her freedom by U.S. attorney Lloyd Hallett  if she will testify as a witness in the trial of mobster Benjamin Costain . Hallett hides her in a hotel under the protection of a squad of detectives led by Lt. Vince Striker , where she stalls making a final decision while she enjoys expensive meals from room service. Despite the presence of the prison matron escort Willoughby , sparks begin to fly between cop and potential witness. Through his corrupt inside contacts, Costain finds out where Conley is being kept. She survives an assassination attempt when Striker kills the assailant, but Willoughby is shot and seriously injured. Costain and his thugs grab Striker, who is revealed to be one of Costain\'s insiders. Costain has learned that Conley is being transferred to jail, where Striker will have to kill Conley himself if he does not arrange another attempt at the hotel. He is told to leave a window unlocked for another killer. Conley remains uncooperative, especially after Hallett attempts to use her sister to persuade her. Inadvertently, Striker almost reveals his duplicity to Hallett, but a phone call to Hallett interrupts. Willoughby has died in the hospital. Conley, who shared a respect for and friendship with Willoughby, then agrees to testify against Costain. Striker, who cares for Conley, fails to dissuade her and reluctantly proceeds with the plan. Hallett returns to escort Conley to jail moments before the killer strikes. Talking with Striker while she changes her clothes in another room, Hallett\'s banter brings a jumpy Striker to a breaking point. Striker abruptly kicks open her door and saves Conley, but at the cost of his own life. The opened window tells Conley and Hallett that he had set up her murder but changed his mind. Conley takes the stand at Costain\'s trial, giving her occupation as "gang buster".'] ['Mini Drogues  is a clever and adventurous high school senior who is bored with her life. Mini prizes her "unique experiences" . For excitement, and to add to her list of firsts, Mini decides to try being a call girl. Her first client, however, has a guilty conscience and can\'t carry through with the act, which disappoints Mini. Her second client, however, is decidedly more exciting &mdash; it\'s her stepfather Martin . Martin is initially shocked when he learns of her identity , but soon a torrid love affair blossoms between the two. In order to be together, Mini and Martin team up against Mini\'s mother Diane  to have her declared insane. When their plan fails, Mini convinces Martin to murder Diane despite his initial resistance to the idea and to try their best to make it look like Diane committed suicide; they soon attract the attention of a detective  who believes Mini and Martin killed Diane and a nosy neighbor  who is sexually obsessed with Mini. When Martin finds out about the day when Mini went over to their neighbor\'s house and received sexual pictures that he believes came from the neighbor, and he and the neighbor get into a fight. Mini arrives to find Martin standing over the neighbor, ready to beat him into unconsciousness, when the police show up and arrest Martin. Mini visits Martin in jail and admits that the sexual pictures sent were actually from her in order to get Martin to think that the neighbor sent them. She also reveals that she assumed the police would eventually believe he killed Diane . Mini, therefore, ends up getting away with murder, and inherits her mother\'s fortune. The film ends as Mini giving a valedictorian speech due to her mother\'s death, even though she had straight C\'s throughout the year, providing advice to the graduating class about how to live a good life that perversely alludes to her crimes without making her look too suspicious. The detective is present at the speech, clearly still suspicious of Mini, but knowing he will probably never be able to prove she is guilty of murder.'] ["The story tells of Kenneth Holden  a crooked investment businessman who embezzles a large sum of money from an estate. He hopes to cover his crime by marrying the estate's heiress Claire Worthington . However, Worthington is already engaged, so Holden arranges for her fiancee to be killed. The hired hit man's only means of identifying the victim is the picture in the society columns. But Claire Worthington changes her mind and agrees to marry Holden. This means that it's his picture that will appear in the newspaper, thereby condemning him to death. Desperately trying to contact the hit man, Holden discovers that the man is dead...but his successor is still at large."] ["Away for two years, a woman named Mary  returns home. She attempts to reconcile with Kenny Veech , her former romantic interest, but he is jealous and bitter, particularly after she takes up with Veech's mortal enemy, nightclub owner Lew Lentz . Veech and an accomplice, Gitlo , hatch a scheme to rob and kill Lentz at a train station as he leaves for Detroit, then hide his corpse to make Mary believe he chose not to return. Mary manages to foil Veech's plans, but she remains torn between the two men. Seeking vengeance, Lentz tries to pin a murder on Veech and Gitlo, who barely make a getaway. Gitlo and Lentz end up killing one another, Mary finds Veech recovering from a gun shot wound to the arm he had suffered while making his and Gitlo's escape. The movie ends at this point under the presumption they lived happily ever-after."] ['Don Gregor, the son of a plastic surgeon, is jailed by the police for carrying an unlicensed handgun. Inspector Johns and Lt. Lawrence suspect he is an associate of gangster Vic Brady. Don’s sister Marilyn bails her brother out of jail, and the siblings agree to keep their father uninformed about Don’s indiscretions. Dr. Gregor is aware of his son’s secret life, but believes Don is a good person and that everything will “straighten itself out nicely.” Brady plans to rob a theater. Don is reluctant to become involved but is bullied into participating by Brady. During the robbery, Don kills a night watchman and Brady wounds the theater’s bookkeeper. The two crooks get away with the theater’s payroll. but Brady senses Don is having second thoughts about his involvement. Fearing Don will turn himself in to the police, Brady kills him and stuffs his body into a closet. In order to elude the police, Brady decides to undergo plastic surgery. He contacts Dr. Gregor, telling him he is holding his son hostage until plastic surgery is completed. Dr. Gregor begins the surgery in Brady‘s apartment, but discovers his son’s corpse in the closet. He controls himself, and completes the surgery. Two weeks later, Brady’s bandages are removed, and, to the everyone‘s horror and amazement, Brady’s facial features are exactly those of Don‘s. The police arrive with the theater bookkeeper who identifies “Don” as the man who killed the night watchman. Brady makes a break for it, but dies in a shoot-out with the police.'] ['Artie Strauss and Judd Steiner  kill a boy on his way home from school in order to commit the "perfect crime". Strauss tries to cover it up, but they are caught when police find a key piece of evidence &mdash; Steiner\'s glasses, which he left at the scene of the crime. Famed attorney Jonathan Wilk  takes their case, saving them from hanging by making an impassioned closing argument against capital punishment. {{cite web}}'] [' Dixon "Dix" Steele  is a down-on-his-luck screenwriter who has not had a hit "since before the war." While driving to meet his agent, Mel Lippman ([[Art Smith , at a nightclub, Dix\'s explosive temper is revealed at a stop light along the way. At the nightclub, Mel cajoles him to adapt a book for a movie. The hat-check girl, Mildred Atkinson ([[Martha Stewart , is engrossed in reading it and asks if she can finish, since she only has a few pages left. Dix has a second violent outburst when a young director bad-mouths Dix\'s friend Charlie , a washed-up actor. Dix claims to be too tired to read the novel, so he asks Mildred to go home with him, ostensibly to explain the plot. As they enter the courtyard of his apartment, they pass a new tenant, Laurel Gray . As soon as Mildred is convinced that Dix\'s motives are honorable, she describes the story and confirms what he had suspected—the book is trash. He gives her cab fare to get home. The next morning, he is awakened by an old army buddy, now a police detective, Brub Nicholai , who takes him downtown to be questioned by Captain Lochner . Mildred was murdered during the night and Dix is a suspect. Laurel is brought to the police station and confirms seeing the girl leave Dix\'s apartment alone, but Lochner is still deeply suspicious. Although Dix shows no overt sympathy for the dead victim, he anonymously sends her a dozen white roses.  When he gets home, Dix checks up on Laurel. He finds she is an aspiring actress with only a few low-budget films to her credit. They begin to fall in love; this invigorates Dix into going back to work with a vengeance, much to his agent\'s delight. However, Dix behaves strangely. He says things that make his agent and Brub\'s wife Sylvia  wonder if he did kill the girl. In addition, Lochner sows seeds of doubt in Laurel\'s mind, pointing out Dix\'s lengthy record of violent behavior. Dix becomes furiously irrational when he learns of it. He drives at high speed, with Laurel a terrified passenger, until they sideswipe another car. Nobody is hurt; but, when the other driver accosts him, Dix beats him unconscious and is about to strike him with a large rock when Laurel stops him.  Laurel gets to the point where she cannot sleep without taking pills. Her distrust and fear of Dix are becoming too much for her. When he asks her to marry him, she accepts but only because she is too scared of what he might do if she refused. She makes a plane reservation and tells Mel she is leaving because she cannot take it anymore. Dix finds out and almost strangles her during a violent confrontation before he regains control. Just then, the phone rings. It is Brub with good news: Mildred\'s boyfriend  has confessed to her murder. Tragically, it is too late to salvage Dix and Laurel\'s relationship.'] ['Army officer Charlie Mason meets beautiful Maison Lafitte hostess Jackie . She tells him the story of the decline of her marriage with the charming but unbalanced Robert Manette. When her husband kills a bookie his controlling mother tries to cover it up. When he is caught she and her son blame Abigail. Abigail, feeling guilty when her husband receives a life sentence, becomes a bar hostess. Meanwhile, Robert escapes from jail and comes to see Abigail, but he is shot by police and dies in her arms, leaving her to start again with Charlie Mason.'] ['After the end of World War II, Peter Kuban , a Hungarian displaced person and survivor of the Nazi concentration camps, stows away on a ship bound for New York City. However, he is spotted and held for the authorities. When they arrive, he claims that he qualifies for entry under an exception for those who helped Allied soldiers during the war, but all he knows about the paratrooper he hid from the enemy is that his name is Tom and he is a musician from New York City. The authorities decide that this is not enough and that he must be sent back to Europe. He jumps off the ship, breaking some ribs, and starts searching for Tom. He encounters an unemployed ex-factory worker named Maggie Summers . When she steals a coat in a restaurant, Tom helps her keep away from the police. They go to her apartment, where she tends his injury as best she can and learns his story. When Mrs. Hinckley, her landlady, threatens to evict her for being behind on her rent, Peter gives her all the money he has. Later, however, Eddie, the landlord\'s son, barges in and tries to become amorous with Maggie. Peter bursts out of hiding and starts fighting him, but gets the worst of it. Maggie knocks Eddie out with a chair, and the pair flee into the night. The police are notified. Meanwhile, Tom sees Peter\'s picture on the front page of a newspaper. He wants to go to the immigration department, but his girlfriend Nancy persuades him to go to an important audition she has arranged instead. Though he impresses band leader Jack Teagarden, Tom leaves abruptly to try to help Peter. The fugitives are recognized in the subway. The police grab Maggie, but Peter gets away. She meets up with Tom. After hearing Tom\'s story, Inspector Bailey believes that Peter can stay, but only if they can reach him before 7 am. At that time, the ship will depart and, by law, Peter must be jailed and deported. The trio drive around searching. Peter slips into an unoccupied taxi and falls asleep. When burlesque dancer Tanya gets into the taxi after work, she recognizes Peter from the newspaper photo. However, she takes him home to her apartment for rest and a meal. When he asks why, she explains that her real name is Bella Zakoyla, and that she is a fellow "Hunky". Her immigrant mother approves, but her brother Freddie does not want to risk getting into trouble, saying that it is the responsibility of the United Nations. The loud argument rouses Peter, sleeping in the other room, and he slips away. Acting on Freddie\'s remark, Peter heads toward the United Nations building. He is seen. The police, Maggie, Tom and Bailey drive there. Peter panics and flees to the roof, where he contemplates jumping. However, Maggie and Tom get to him in time to reassure him that he is now safe.'] ['Sergeant James Allen  returns to civilian life after World War I but his war experience makes him restless. His family feels he should be grateful for a tedious job as an office clerk, and when he announces that he wants to become an engineer, they react with outrage. He leaves home to find work on any sort of project, but unskilled labor is plentiful and it\'s hard for him to find a job. Wandering and sinking into poverty, he accidentally becomes caught up in a robbery and is sentenced to ten years on a brutal Southern chain gang. He escapes and makes his way to Chicago, where he becomes a success in the construction business. He becomes involved with the proprietor of his boardinghouse, Marie Woods , who discovers his secret and blackmails him into an unhappy marriage. He then meets and falls in love with Helen . When he asks his wife for a divorce, she betrays him to the authorities. He is offered a pardon if he will turn himself in; Allen accepts, only to find that it was just a ruse. He escapes once again. In the end, Allen visits Helen in the shadows on the street and tells her he is leaving forever. She asks, "Can\'t you tell me where you\'re going? Will you write? Do you need any money?" James repeatedly shakes his head in answer as he backs away. Finally Helen says, "But you must, Jim. How do you live?" In the film\'s final line and shot James, unseen in the darkness, replies, "I steal." The line is among the most famous closing lines in American film.O\'Connor 25 LeRoy later claimed that the idea for James\' retreat into darkness came to him when a fuse blew on the set, but in fact it was written into the script.O\'Connor, John E. "Introduction: Warners Finds Its Social Conscience." I Am a Fugitive From a Chain Gang. Ed. John E. O\'Connor University of Wisconsin Press, 2005. p. 36.'] ["A cargo plane leaves Peru, bound for Panama with two passengers during a storm. When one of the two pilots goes to check on an opened door, Charles Hasso claims he tried but failed to prevent the other passenger from jumping to his death. Upon landing, Hasso is questioned by Major Rues of the Panamanian secret police, but is released as there were no witnesses. Hasso takes with him the deceased's briefcase, in which he finds a map. Hasso hires private investigator Dan Hammer ([[Pat O'Brien  to be his bodyguard for a couple of days. While Hammer is changing, Hasso secretly pins the map to Hammer's bulletin board. Hammer receives an urgent summons from oil executive Walter Gredson , so he arranges to meet Hasso later at his hotel room. Gredson hires Hammer to find Hasso and the map, which shows the locations of unregistered oil wells in Peru that his company has bought. Later, in a nightclub, Hammer is attracted to singer Maxine Manning . He invites her to come by his office after work, unaware that she is spying on him for her boyfriend, Gredson. Tourist Eric Molinar  tries to hire him as a guide, but Hammer turns him down. When Hammer goes to see Hasso, he finds Hasso's body in the overflowing hotel room bathtub. As the search for the map continues, Maxine starts falling for Hammer and switches sides. Meanwhile, Molinar reveals that he is also after the map. He has his two thugs try to beat its location out of the detective, but Hammer has no idea where it is. Molinar and his men later go to question Gredson. Hammer has Maxine telephone the executive to say the map is in Hammer's office. Molinar, listening in, sees no further use for Gredson and has him killed. Then he and his goons go to the office. A fight breaks out, during which Molinar finally spots the map. He hastens away with it in a taxi driven by Pop , Hammer's close friend. Molinar takes Pop's suggestion to hide out for a while, only to find that the driver's directions lead him straight to police headquarters."] ['After brawling over a card game in the wharf area of New Orleans, a man named Kochak , suffering visibly from a flu-like illness, is killed by gangster Blackie  and his two flunkies, Kochak\'s cousin Poldi  and a man named Fitch . They leave the body on the docks, and later when the dead man, who carries no identification, is brought to the morgue, the coroner grows suspicious about the bacteria present in his blood and calls his superior, Dr. Clinton Reed , a Lt. Cmdr. doctor working for the U.S. Public Health Service. Reed is enjoying a rare day off with his wife Nancy  and their son Tommy , but decides to inspect the body. After careful examination, he determines that Kochak had "pneumonic plague," the pulmonary version of bubonic plague. Reed springs into action, insisting that everyone who came into contact with the body be inoculated. He also orders that the dead man\'s identity be determined, as well as his comings and goings during the previous few days. Reed meets with people from the mayor\'s office, the police commissioner and other city officials, but they are skeptical of his claims. Eventually, however, his impassioned pleas convince them that they have forty-eight hours to save New Orleans from the plague. Reed must also convince police Captain Warren  and the others that the press must not be notified, because report of a plague would spread mass panic.  Warren and his men begin to interview Slavic immigrants, as it has been determined that the body may be of Armenian, Czech or mixed blood. Burdened by the knowledge that the massive investigation has little chance of success, Reed accuses Warren of not taking the threat seriously enough. In turn, Warren admits that he thinks Reed is ambitious and trying to use the situation to further his career. Reed, angry, decides to take matters into his own hands and, acting on a hunch that the man may have entered the city\'s port illegally, goes to the National Maritime Union hiring hall and passes out copies of the dead man\'s picture. Although the workers tell Reed that seamen never talk, he goes to a café next door hoping that someone will meet him with a tip. Eventually a young woman shows up and takes Reed to see her friend Charlie , who reluctantly admits that he worked aboard the ship, the Nile Queen, upon which the already ill man was smuggled. Meanwhile, Fitch, who was questioned by Warren but claimed to know nothing, goes to Blackie and warns him about the investigation. Blackie plans to get out of town, but begins to suspect that his sidekick Poldi received expensive smuggled goods from Kochak, explaining the police\'s intense investigation of the man\'s murder. Reed and Warren, who is now convinced of Reed\'s integrity, go to the Nile Queen and convince the crew to talk by telling them that they will die if the sick man was indeed on their ship. After carrying up a sick cook from the hold, the seamen then permit Reed and Warren to inoculate and question them, revealing in the process that Kochak boarded at Oran and was fond of Shish kebob. With this lead, Reed and Warren canvas the city\'s Greek restaurants, and just after they leave one such establishment, Blackie arrives to meet Poldi, who is very ill. A short time later, Reed receives word that a woman, Rita , has died of the fever and realizes that she was the wife of the Greek restaurant proprietor John Mefaris  who had earlier lied about having served Kochak. Reed returns to headquarters to discover that a reporter  is threatening to break the story that a pathogenic bacteria is endangering the city. Reed is impressed when the deeply committed yet unorthodox Warren throws the reporter into jail to keep him quiet. Late in the evening, a beleaguered Reed returns home for a few hours of sleep, and his wife announces that she is pregnant. She then tries to restore her husband\'s flagging self-confidence. A few hours later, Reed and Warren learn that the mayor is angry about their treatment of the reporter. The reporter, who has been released, announces that the story will appear in the morning paper in four hours, giving Reed and Warren little time to find their man. Meanwhile, Blackie goes to Poldi\'s room and tries to force him to reveal information about some smuggled goods, but the dying Poldi is delirious and only rants nonsensically. Blackie then brings in his own doctor and tells Poldi\'s grandmother that they will take care of him. Just then, Reed, having been tipped off by the nurse looking after Poldi, arrives, and Blackie and Fitch, who are carrying Poldi down the stairs, pitch the man over the side and flee. Reed chases the two to the docks, where he tries to explain to them about the plague. The men run desperately through depots, docks and a warehouse, and at one point, Warren shoots and injures Blackie, preventing him from shooting Reed. Blackie accidentally shoots Fitch and then tries to struggle onto a ship but, exhausted, falls into the water. His work finally done, Reed heads for home, and on the way, Warren offers to give him some of the smuggled perfume that Poldi had indeed received from Kochak. As the radio announces the resolution of the crisis, a proud Nancy greets her husband.'] ["An escaped convict, heading to Los Angeles, has gotten hold of a canister of a radioactive powder known as *Cobalt-60*, a substance dangerous enough to kill everyone in the city. What he doesn't know is that exposure to the element is slowly killing him, and the authorities must find him and the *Cobalt-60* before that happens."] [" Action takes place during a heatwave in a bombed-out, post-war Tokyo. Rookie homicide detective Murakami  has his Colt pistol stolen during a trolley ride and gives chase to the pickpocket, but when he fails to capture him he reports back to headquarters filled with guilt and shame. He goes on to prowl the city backstreets undercover, looking for suspects and picking up leads. He eventually picks up the trail of a gun racket. When the stolen gun is used in a crime, Murakami partners up with the veteran detective Sato . After questioning a suspect, Sato and Murakami end up at a baseball game looking for a gun dealer named Honda. They locate him and he points to Yusa, a disenchanted war veteran who's fallen to crime after the war. They investigate Yusa's sister's house and his sweetheart, showgirl Harumi Namiki, but to no avail. Murakami's gun is used in another crime, this time as the murder weapon. They question Namiki at her mother's house. The girl is still reticent to talk, so Sato leaves off to investigate Yusa's trail while Murakami remains behind. Sato comes across Yusa's last hideout. He places a call for Murakami, but just as he is about to reveal Yusa's location, the criminal makes a run for it. Sato attempts to give chase, but is shot in the rain and left for dead. A desperate Murakami arrives soon enough to donate blood to his friend at the hospital. The following morning, Namiki has a change of heart and informs Murakami at the hospital that she had an appointment with Yusa at a train station nearby. Murakami races to the meeting and deduces who Yusa is from his mud spattered clothing. He gives chase into a forest and is wounded in the arm. After a chase, Murakami manages to cuff Yusa, taking him into custody. Back at the hospital, Sato has recovered and congratulates Murakami on his first citation. Murakami reflects on Yusa's plight, reflecting on the parallels between him and the criminal. Sato tells him to forget about Yusa, and get ready for the cases he will have to solve in the future."] ["Carl Schaffner  is a crooked American businessman who flees to Mexico after stealing company funds. While travelling by train, Schaffner decides to evade authorities drugs and switches identities with fellow train passenger Paul Scarff, who looks like him and has a Mexican passport. He throws Paul Scarff off the train, injurying Scarff. Carl later discovers that Scarff is wanted in Mexico as a political assassin. Carl then track down Scarff to get his original passport who was resting from the wounds. Carl arrives in Mexico, and get capture by the local police believing him to be Scarff. Carl then fights to show his true identity to local police. The plan seems foolproof until he is forced to care for the dog of Scarff. The local police chief and Scotland Yard inspector Hadden conspire to keep him trapped in the Mexican border town of Katrina in an effort to get him to cross the bridge back into the U.S. and face justice. The misanthropic Schaffner has grown attached to Scarff's pet spaniel and is tricked into going across the dividing line of the bridge to get the dog. He is accidentally killed trying to escape the authorities. The final irony is that the discovery his own humanity has cost the cynical, friendless Schaffner his life."] ['As newspaper editor Jim Austin prepares his testimony before the Committee, the story flashes back to the events which led to his testifying. Mob boss Murray Sirak has the entire police force of Austin\'s small town under his thumb. Sirak takes his orders from an unseen "untouchable" Mister Big. Austin is driven to investigate corruption after Clyde Nelson, a local private detective, working on an apparently harmless divorce case, discovers the existence of a big-time gambling syndicate operating with the consent of the city fathers, the local police, and the respectable elements of the community. Nelson is killed in a hit-and-run which appears to be an accident. Austin thinks otherwise because he is harassed by police when he looks into the PI\'s death.'] ['Navy pilot Lieutenant Commander Johnny Morrison  is put on the inactive list. He returns home to Hollywood from the fighting in the south Pacific, bringing along his buddies and medically discharged crewmates Buzz Wanchek  and George Copeland . Buzz is prone to memory lapses and headaches, and is often short tempered, all likely due to his head wound. Johnny finds his wife Helen  living  in a hotel bungalow. When he spots her kissing her boyfriend Eddie Harwood , the owner of the Blue Dahlia nightclub, he punches Eddie. Though Johnny is willing to try to salvage their troubled marriage, Helen is not. She tells him that their son did not die of diphtheria as she had written him but because she got drunk at a party and crashed her car. Johnny pulls a gun on her but decides she is not worth it. He drops the pistol and walks out taking a framed photograph of their son. When Buzz comes looking for Johnny, Helen picks him up in the hotel bar and brings him home, neither one knowing who the other is. Later, Helen calls Eddie and becomes angry when he wants to break off their relationship. Eddie drops by that night to straighten things out. All these comings and goings are noted by the house detective, "Dad" Newell ([[Will Wright . Dad sees Eddie and gets paid to keep his mouth shut. He later sells information about Johnny\'s whereabouts to his worried friends. By chance, Johnny is offered a ride by Joyce , Harwood\'s estranged wife, though he tells her his name is "Jimmy Moore" and they remain unaware of their connection. He brushes off her attempts to become better acquainted and gets out of the car; but she spends the night at the same inn. When they meet again at breakfast, she talks him into a walk along the beach. However, when Johnny hears on the radio that Helen has been found dead and that the police are looking for him, he leaves without keeping the rendezvous. Joyce puts two and two together and guesses his identity. Johnny hides out in a flophouse run by Corelli. When he catches Corelli going through his suitcase, a scuffle breaks out, during which the frame of his son\'s picture is broken. Johnny discovers a message written by Helen and addressed to him on the back of the photograph; it states that Eddie\'s real name is Bauer, and that he is wanted in New Jersey for murder. Johnny pays a visit to Eddie, but before he can do anything, Joyce shows up. Upon learning that she is Eddie\'s wife, Johnny leaves in disgust, in the mistaken belief that Joyce was helping her husband all along. Meanwhile, Corelli calls Eddie\'s business partner Leo and tells him about Johnny. Leo and one of his men pick up Johnny by pretending to be policemen and take him to Leo\'s ranch. When the henchman finds and reads Helen\'s message, Leo has no choice but to dispose of him. Then, though his hands are tied, Johnny manages to strangle Leo and cut himself free before Eddie arrives. Eddie admits to killing a man during a robbery fifteen years ago, but denies murdering Helen, pointing out that he could easily have arranged it much more discreetly. Just then, Leo regains consciousness and tries to shoot Johnny. In the ensuing brawl, Leo accidentally kills Eddie before he himself is shot dead. When Johnny turns himself in, he finds Buzz about to confess to Helen\'s murder, even though he cannot remember what happened that night. Johnny is certain he is innocent. He helps Buzz recall that he just walked out. Police Captain Hendrickson  then accuses Dad . Hendrickson suggests that when she refused to pay his increased demands after her husband\'s return, Dad killed her, fearing that she would turn him in to the police or worse, tell Eddie. Dad confesses and pulls out a gun. When he is distracted, Hendrickson shoots him. Afterward, Johnny and Joyce get together.'] ["Woody Harrelson plays the character of Harry Barber, who is serving time in prison after being framed in a corruption scandal. Before his arrest, he was a reporter for a local newspaper that uncovered widespread corruption in the local government. After rejecting a bribe that would have ensured his silence Harry soon finds the funds deposited into his bank account and he is promptly arrested. Now, two years later, he is released when an ex-cop's testimony vindicates him. Though he is bitter against the town officials, Harry wanders back to Palmetto with his girlfriend Nina, who has been patiently waiting for him. Unable to find a job, he spends his days lounging in a local bar. In walks Rhea Malroux, the very attractive femme, wife of the richest man in town, who offers him a job: help her and her daughter Odette scam the old man out of $500,000 with a bogus kidnapping scheme, in which Harry would receive a ten per cent cut. Tempted by both Rhea's seductive charms and the prospect of some quick cash, Harry goes along with the plan. But when Odette winds up dead, and all indications point to Harry as the murderer, he finds himself way over his head."] ['Gigolo "Doctor" Omar  bribes the Shanghai police to not jail broke American showgirl Dixie Pomeroy ; he invites her to seek a job at the casino owned by Dragon-lady "Mother" Gin Sling , his boss. In the casino, Omar attracts the attention of a beautiful, privileged young woman , fresh from a European finishing school. She is out for some excitement. When asked, she gives her name as "Poppy" Smith. Meanwhile, Gin Sling is informed that she must move her establishment to the much less desirable Chinese sector. She is given five or six weeks, until Chinese New Year, to comply. Gin Sling is confident that she can thwart this threat to her livelihood, and orders her minions to find out everything they can about the man behind it, Englishman Sir Guy Charteris , a wealthy entrepreneur who has purchased a large area of Shanghai that contains her gambling parlor. Dixie proves to be an unexpected source of information; Charteris had taken her out to dinner a number of times, before dumping her to avoid her meeting his newly arrived daughter, Poppy, whose real name is Victoria Charteris. From Dixie\'s description, Gin Sling realizes Charteris is someone from her past. Meanwhile, Poppy falls in love with Omar and becomes addicted to gambling. Though the spoiled woman is openly contemptuous of the casino owner, Gin Sling allows her credit to cover her ever growing losses. Gin Sling invites Charteris and other important dignitaries to a Chinese New Year dinner party. Charteris at first declines, but then curiosity gets the better of him. At the dinner, she exposes his disgraceful past. Charteris, then calling himself Victor Dawson, had married her. One day, he abandoned her, taking her inheritance, leaving her destitute and alone. Thinking her baby had died and forced to do whatever she had to in order to survive, she wandered from place to place, until she reached Shanghai. There, Percival Hower had faith in her and backed her financially, allowing her to work her way up to her current position. To cap her revenge, she has Victoria brought in. Victoria openly flaunts her attraction to Omar and ridicules her father. As Charteris takes his wayward daughter out, he tells Van Elst privately to come to his office the next morning to pick up a £20,000 check for Gin Sling and tell her "the funds she claims I took are, and always have been in an account in her name" in a north China bank. Despite hearing this, Victoria defies him and goes back inside where the other guests have left. When he tries to retrieve her, he is confronted by Gin Sling. He then reveals that their baby had been found alive and put in a hospital where Charteris found her and brought her up far from China. Victoria is Gin Sling\'s own daughter. Gin Sling then tries to talk to Victoria alone, revealing that she is her mother, but when the young woman continues insulting her, Gin Sling shoots her dead. The Dragon Lady then remarks to Hower that this is something she cannot bribe her way out of. The muscular coolie, standing outside with Charteris, delivers the bitingly ironic last line "you likee Chinese New Year?" as Charteris realizes what has happened.'] ["The film tells the story of a psychiatrist, Dr. Cross , who is treating a young woman, Janet Stewart , who is in a coma-state, brought on when she heard loud arguing, went to her window and saw a man strike his wife with a candlestick and kill her. It also stars Lynn Bari as Dr. Cross's nurse/lover, Elaine Jordan. As Stewart comes out of her shock, she recognizes Dr. Cross as the killer. He then takes her to his sanitarium and at Elaine's urging, gives Janet an overdose of insulin under the pretense of administering insulin shock therapy. He can't bring himself to murder her in cold blood, though, and asks Elaine to get the medicine to save her. Elaine refuses, they argue, and he strangles her. A colleague of Dr. Cross, Dr. Harvey, saves Janet's life and Dr. Cross is taken into custody by a lawyer from the District Attorney's office."] ["Connery's character Anthony Richmond schemes to get the fortune of his tyrannical, wheelchair-using tycoon uncle Charles Richmond  by persuading Maria, a nurse he employs , to marry him. After his uncle's demise Anthony becomes a murder suspect. Lollobrigida's character is the Woman of Straw of the title."] ['{{Plot}} The film starts with 3 detectives Poley, Frizer and Skeres interrogating Ned after torturing him. Ned tells that five years ago, the Russian mobster Skinny Faddeev gave 30 million dollars in blood diamond in advance to Anton to lose a fight against his nephew. However, Anton killed the nephew with a punch and when Skinny was found dead, he was sentenced to life. While in prison, a girl name Lexie Persimmon wrote him over 200 letters. Later, however, Anton was released when another prisoner confessed to killing Skinny. Ned finds this suspicious. Now, Anton gives Ned the job of finding Lexie, whom he has taken a liking to. Ned is sceptical about his job, since he doesn\'t even have a photo of Lexie. As he starts investigating and finding various clues, people start dying mysteriously. Meanwhile, Ned also notices that a black Lincoln is following him and assumes that it is Russian mafia. Ned finds a lead that Lexie might be in San Celeritas, New Mexico. He meets a waitress named Fay Neman, a particle physics buff, who helps him. Ned meets Simon, his wife Julie and the geek physicist Niels Geck, who is conducting the experiment for Simon. Simon only has interest in finding the god particle and doesn\'t feel anything when Julie tries to warm up to Ned. Ned realizes that Julie may be Lexie and decides to tell her what is happening. Meanwhile, Anton tracks Ned down to Simon\'s bungalow. Ned confronts Julie, but Julie has no idea what he is talking about. Here, Ned and Julie hear gunshots, making Ned realize that Anton is there. Realizing that he and Anton both have mistaken Julie for Lexie, Ned tries to save her. When the duo head towards basement, Ned is astonished to find Niels dressed like a girl with a blonde wig. A box containing some cosmetics has the phrase "Lex Parsimoniae" printed on it. Ned realizes that Niels wrote the letters to Anton. Anton is angered, while Niels tries to convince Anton to accept him. Niels is armed to placate Anton. In a shootout that happens, Ned gets hurt and passes out. The story cuts back to present, where it is revealed that Niels and Anton killed each other, while the detectives have held Ned and Julie hostage. Ned accuses the trio of following him and killing the people he met. He also accuses that Skinny was killed for diamonds, which his killer never recovered. Ned proves that Frizer, who has a short temper, killed all the people who could have known about diamonds. Frizer admits his crimes, upon which the other villains scold him. Ned takes a look at a glass tank containing a gecko and realizes something. He tells the villains that he knows where Niels stored the diamonds. The villains take Ned and Julie to the spot where he had confronted Julie after she showed him a hidden shoebox. While Julie and Ned are in the car, Skeres and Frizer go to get the shoe box. Meanwhile, Poley spots Julie and Ned signalling each other and realizes that they are just playing around. He attacks them, but they overpower him and manage to drive the car towards Skeres and Frizer. Here, Skeres and Frizer are disappointed to not to find the diamonds in the box. When they see the car coming towards them, they realize what is happening and start shooting. Ned kills all the three villains. Meanwhile, Simon finds that Julie and Niels are both missing, but decides to start his final experiment. The experiment creates a rift on the ground. Simon dies, while Ned and Julie drive to safety, barely escaping certain death. In the end, Ned is shown driving the same car with Julie & Fay, whereupon it is revealed that the diamonds were in the glass box containing the gecko. Now, Ned has given the box to Fay while he and Julie intend to live together.'] ['The film is essentially about two cops, friends and Korean War veterans, Detective Joe Kojaku  and Detective Sgt. Charlie Bancroft , who attempt to solve the murder of a local entertainer. A love triangle soon develops between a key witness, Christine Downes ([[Victoria Shaw , and the two principal leads.'] ["Petty thief Nick Robey  botches a robbery, leaving his partner Al  severely wounded as Nick escapes with over $10,000. Meeting bakery worker Peg Dobbs  in friendly conversation, when Peg takes Nick to her family's apartment, he decides to take the family hostage until he can escape. As a manhunt for Nick begins outside, the robber becomes increasingly paranoid. Meanwhile, Peg schemes to sacrifice herself for the safety of her family."] ['The film recounts the life of an alcoholic New York writer, Don Birnam, over the last half of a six year period, and in particular on a weekend alcoholic binge. A shot of the Manhattan skyline to an apartment, with a whiskey bottle hung outside a window by a thin rope. Don and his brother Wick are packing for a weekend vacation. Wick believes that Don, a recovering alcoholic, has been on the wagon for ten days. After Don\'s girlfriend Helen St. James arrives to wish them bon voyage, she lets it slip that she has two tickets to a Barbirolli concert, but is going alone. Don urges his brother to go with her and says they\'ll take a later train for their weekend trip. Wick, having disposed of his brother\'s hidden supply of drink, becomes suspicious of why he is being hustled out. Don angrily demands time to gather his thoughts alone. Wick reluctantly agrees to go and reassures Helen he has found Don\'s hidden supply of alcohol and points out Don is broke. After they leave, Don frantically tries to find alcohol he has hidden. The cleaning lady arrives for work, but Don cons her out of her wages and sends her away. Don takes the money he swindled to Nat\'s Bar on Third Avenue, based on the legendary P. J. Clarke\'s, and gets drunk, missing the train he is meant to catch. Wick, effectively rejecting his brother, intends to leave without him, though Helen is wary of leaving Don alone for four days. She is very busy with her work at Time magazine. As Wick is leaving the building, he urges Helen to give herself a chance by dropping Don. Helen waits. Don sneaks into his apartment to avoid her so he can drink. He quickly hides the cheap whiskey he has bought, in addition to the many drinks at the bar. The following morning he finds a message from Helen pinned to his front door, urging him to call her. Later at the bar, owner Nat voices his distaste for how Don treats Helen and another girl who hangs out at the bar. Don recounts to Nat how he met Helen three years earlier at the Metropolitan Opera after a matinee performance of La Traviata. As he is checking his coat, he slides a pint of rye in his raincoat pocket. During the performance, he becomes aggitated during "Libiamo ne\' lieti calici", the "drinking song" in the first act. He cannot think of anything but the alcohol in the hands of the players and the bottle of rye in his pocket. He abruptly leaves the performance, and upon collecting his coat is presented with a woman\'s leopardskin coat. He becomes irritated that he can\'t get his own coat and is forced to wait until the only person remaining in the area, is the woman with his hat and coat. He is incredibly rude to her, but he makes a quick recovery with his manners and she invites him to a party. He declines, but as shifts his coat off his arm, the flask falls out of his pocket and smashes on the sidewalk. He tells a lie that it\'s for a friend, and asks if he can still go along to the cocktail party. He tells the bartender he chose not to drink that night... for her. Their relationship becomes serious. One day he is due to meet Helen\'s parents, visiting from Toledo, Ohio, whom he overhears discussing his character flaws in the hotel lobby. Overpowered by anxiety, he escapes into the phone booth as Helen arrives and, while clandestinely observing her, calls and asks her to go ahead with lunch without him. This incident caused his return to drinking. Later, after Wick attempts to cover for Don\'s absence by telling Helen that Don is in Philadelphia, Don emerges from hiding and confesses his alcohol problem to Helen. He recognizes himself as two people: \'Don the writer\' and \'Don the drunk\', who is dependent on his brother. Don explains that he dropped out of college, identified earlier as Cornell, because he was convinced he was already a Hemingway, a "great writer." As he began to doubt his writing talent, he found solace in drink. Don says he can only develop writing ideas while drunk, but he forgets them when sober. Don suggests Helen drop him, but his words only strengthen Helen\'s resolve to help Don. The story returns to the present. Don cannot find a hidden bottle of whiskey, but discovers the name of a bar he has not visited before on a pack of matches. In order to pay his bill at Harry & Joe\'s, he steals a woman\'s handbag, takes it into the men\'s room, and manages to extract enough money to pay his bill. The woman, though, has recognized the theft, and he is identified as the culprit. He admits he has taken her money. The woman takes pity on him in his drunken state and does not press charges. He is told not to return and thrown out.  The next day, Saturday, Don\'s phone rings repeatedly. Don supposes it is Helen, but ignores it. Later, he tries and fails to pawn his typewriter, since all the Third Avenue pawnshops are closed because of Yom Kippur. Returning exhausted to the bar, Nat refuses to serve him. Don visits Gloria, another habitué of Nat\'s Bar, whom he had half-seriously propositioned at the bar and who has admitted being attracted to him. She is now angry over the dates he has broken with her, but after he kisses her in desperation, she yields and hands over a little money. He then falls down the stairs and is knocked unconscious. Coming around in the alcoholics\' ward of a hospital on Sunday, he is confronted by \'Bim\' Nolan who mockingly recounts the histories of other patients at "Hangover Plaza." Bim allows that admissions to the ward were more numerous during prohibition and offers Don a solution to counteract the effects of the DTs, which Don refuses. During the night, on his second attempt and wearing a stolen coat over his pajamas, Don succeeds in escaping from the ward while the staff are occupied with a more disturbed and violent patient. Meanwhile, Helen sleeps on the stairs outside his apartment. Don always ignores his milk and newspaper deliveries, but Helen is awoken by the milkman. Don\'s landlady assumes he is on one of his benders. She tells Helen she would be better off if he were dead. Elsewhere, as a liquor store is opening for the day, Don snatches a cheap bottle of whiskey from an assistant clerk. He returns home and ignores the ringing phone. Later, while inebriated, he imagines a mouse appearing out of a crack in the wall and a bat flying around his living room. The bat attacks the mouse. Bim had explained earlier that alcoholics usually imagine seeing small animals rather than "pink elephants." Helen returns, alerted by a call from Don\'s landlady who can hear his screams. Finding him in a delirious state, she vows to look after him and spends the night for reasons of propriety on Don\'s couch. In the morning, Tuesday, Don is again absent. Helen learns that Don has pawned her coat—the one that brought them together—for a gun. Once more, Helen returns to Don\'s apartment. He is eager to get rid of her, though she asks him to lend her his raincoat. Don claims their relationship is at an end. Helen, via a reflection in a mirror, spots the gun concealed in the bathroom wash basin and offers him drink as a distraction. Quickly, she is able to retrieve the gun, but Don wrenches it away from her. She reiterates her love for him. As Helen tries to persuade Don to quit drinking, the door buzzer sounds. Don answers, and Nat enters to return the typewriter Don lost at Gloria\'s home the night he fell. After Helen persuades him that "Don the writer" and "Don the drunk" are the same person, Don finally commits to writing his novel The Bottle, dedicated to Helen, which will recount the events of the weekend. He drops a cigarette into a glass of whiskey rather than drink it. He recalls that while packing for his lost weekend his mind was on a bottle suspended just outside his window, he ponders, over a reversal of the opening shot, how many other people in New York City are in the same position as he.'] ["An artist, Geoffrey Carroll, meets Sally while on a vacation in the country. They develop a romance but Carroll doesn't tell her he's already married. Suffering from mental illness, Carroll returns home, where he paints an impression of his wife as the angel of death and then promptly poisons her. He then marries Sally, but after a while he also paints Sally as the angel of death."] ['Two men  on a fishing trip pick up a hitchhiker named Emmett Myers ([[William Talman , who turns out to be a psychopath who has committed multiple murders.'] ["Seni, a club owner, is under pressure by a rival, Wan, to pay an outstanding loan. Upon hearing that he has a long-lost brother named Sema, Seni sends his loyal lieutenants, Tom and Pon, to visit Sema, only to find that Sema has died. Seni decides that he can use the situation to his advantage, and buries Sema's body in a forest. Seni and Tom orchestrate the death of Wan, by setting fire to Wan's car, pushing it off a cliff and framing Wan's assistant Sin, also dead, for the murder. Seni then assumes the identity of his dead brother, free and clear of debts and Wan's meddling. Tom, meanwhile, has fallen in love with Phrae, a widowed mother who has worn black silk since her husband died two years before. Seni sees Phrae as a threat to his scheme and orders Tom to stop seeing her. Wan further plots to use Tom to psychologically manipulate Phrae. Phrae then leaves Tom, shaves her head and enters a Buddhist temple. Tom tries to stand up to his boss, with disastrous consequences."] ['Johnny Eager  masquerades as a taxi driver for his gullible parole officer, A.J. Verne , but in reality, he is the ruthless head of a powerful gambling syndicate. Verne introduces him to socialite Lisbeth "Liz" Bard, a sociology student. Johnny and Liz are attracted to each other, but then he discovers that she is the stepdaughter of his longtime nemesis, John Benson Farrell ([[Edward Arnold . As a crusading prosecutor, Farrell was responsible for sending Johnny to prison, and now as the district attorney, he has gotten an injunction preventing Johnny\'s expensive dog racing track from opening. Johnny decides to use Liz as leverage against her stepfather. When she comes to see him, he has Julio ([[Paul Stewart , one of his underlings, burst in and pretend to try to kill him. During the faked struggle, Julio drops his gun. Lisbeth picks it up and shoots Julio when he seems to have the upper hand. Johnny then hustles her out of the room before she can realize that the gun is full of blanks and Julio\'s blood is actually ketchup. Later, Johnny threatens to expose her as a murderer unless Farrell removes the injunction. Farrell gives in. Johnny is depicted as a man without a conscience. When childhood friend Lew Rankin  gets fed up with his subordinate role in the gang and starts plotting against him, Johnny murders him without the slightest qualm. He lies to his devoted girlfriend Garnet  to get her to go to Florida while he romances Liz. Mae , a prior girlfriend, asks him to help get her incorruptible policeman husband transferred back to his old precinct because his long commute is straining their marriage. Johnny not only lies, claiming he no longer has any influence, he also hides the fact that he got the man transferred in the first place because he would not look the other way. When Jimmy Courtney , Liz\'s high society former boyfriend, becomes alarmed because Liz is going to pieces due to a guilty conscience, he offers Johnny all his money to leave the country and take Liz with him. Johnny cannot figure out his "angle", why he would do such a selfless thing. In fact, the only soft spot Johnny seems to have is for his intellectual, alcoholic right hand man, Jeff Hartnett , and even he is not sure why. Jeff has an insight, telling his boss that "even Johnny Eager has to have one friend." However, when Johnny learns that Liz intends to turn herself in, he discovers the meaning of love for the first time in his life. He confesses to her that he staged the whole incident, but she does not believe him. To prove his claim, he decides to produce a live Julio, but Julio has defected to Johnny\'s dissatisfied partner, Bill Halligan . Johnny manages to bring Julio  to Liz, but in the process, touches off a gunfight with Halligan and his men. He kills Halligan and Julio, but is himself shot down by a policeman on his way home after his shift, who in a twist of fate turns out to be Mae\'s husband.'] ['The film opens with Bernard Herrmann\'s music, played over the both the RKO logo and then the title credits as the camera cruises down a dark city street. The stark nighttime scenery immediately establishes a noir atmosphere. The police officers are getting ready for a day\'s work and head to the squad room. It is announced that it has been two weeks since the killing of a cop and the culprit is still on the loose. Detective Jim Wilson and his partner, acting on a tip, visit Myrna Bowers. Her very abusive boyfriend, Bernie Tucker, is supposed to be a partner of the suspected murderers. Jim convinces Myrna to reveal Bernie\'s hideout, and after he tracks Bernie down, he beats him into betraying his partners. Although Jim\'s actions lead to the arrest of the killers, his superior, Capt. Brawley, cautions him to take it easy. Later, while on patrol, the detectives hear a woman scream and discover Myrna being beaten by two thugs. Jim grabs one of the men and starts to rough him up. The next day, Brawley yells at Jim that he is becoming a liability to the department and assigns him to assist in the investigation of a young woman\'s murder in the rural north. Jim Wilson has lost control, and says after he\'s restrained by his partner from beating up a suspect: :What kind of job is this, anyway? Garbage, that\'s all we handle, garbage! In the second act, Wilson is sent up north to cool out. "Siberia," he wryly notes. Though he is given a job similar to what he has left behind in the city—a murder investigation—Wilson\'s exile to the wintry countryside marks the beginning of his journey of redemption. Following a pursuit of the killer, Wilson is brought together with a blind woman, Mary Malden , the sister of the fugitive. In the brief final act, Wilson\'s redemption is a foregone conclusion, but it is his journey toward it that matters most: Wilson has made his way on dangerous ground.'] ["A drifter claims the money in a dormant bank account. Later, he becomes the target of men who are the sons of the man's old partner, who is now in prison due to a conflict with him over the money."] ['Homicidal criminal "Red" Kluger busts out of jail, and kidnaps three people who were responsible for his incarceration. The hostages include detective Ray Williams, district attorney Barker MacDonald, and nightclub singer Carol. Kluger makes no secret of his plans to kill Williams and MacDonald once he\'s made a getaway. He has other plans for Grey, however, and for a while it seems as though she\'ll willingly play along with him.'] ['Convicted murderer "Turk"  escapes from police custody, crashing through a washroom window as a train pulls into Grand Central Station in New York. He telephones his former girlfriend, Broadway star Mida King , and threatens to kill her. She leaves her show between acts and hides in a private train car on a siding at the station, planning to leave town and marry her rich, high society fiance, David V. Henderson . However, her body is found by David and his ex-fiancee, Connie Furness . Police Inspector Gunther  is called in to solve the crime. The doctor at the scene is unable to determine the cause of death. Turk is recaptured, and wisecracking private detective "Rocky" Custer , whom Turk had hired, is also brought in, as he had helped his client evade the police. Other suspects are rounded up: Mida\'s greedy phony psychic stepfather Ramon ; her ex-husband Paul Rinehart , who works at the station; and her producer Frankie Ciro . Also mixed in are Mida\'s maid, ex-burlesque singer Pearl Delroy  and her daughter "Baby" , Mida\'s understudy. Then Roger Furness , Connie\'s magnate father and chairman of the board of the railroad, shows up to guard his daughter\'s interests. Gunther gets each to tell what they know, with the unwelcome assistance of Rocky. It turns out that the victim was a calculating gold digger. Like the inspiration of her stage name, King Midas, everything  she touched, turned to gold for her purse. She had used each successive boyfriend as a stepping stone, then discarded each in turn, in her climb up the social ladder. Landing millionaire David was to have been her crowning achievement, the fulfillment of her lifelong ambition. Frankie finds her, but she calms his anger at the prospect of losing the star of his expensive production by telling him that she plans to get a rich divorce settlement in about six months, more than enough to finance an even more lavish show. This conversation is overheard by David, giving him a motive. During the investigation, Ramon dies, apparently of a weak heart. Rocky is able to solve the case and show that Ramon too had been murdered. The killer electrocuted Mida while she was in the shower of the locked railway car by connecting the plumbing to the electrified third rail. When he went to return the wiring to the storage locker, he was spotted by Ramon. The murderer paid Ramon off, but later got rid of the loose end with poison. Rocky identifies the man as Roger Furness. Furness breaks away and jumps aboard a departing train, only to fall off to his death on the third rail.'] ["Bart Tare  has a lifelong fixation with guns—they make him feel good inside. At the age of 14, he is sent to reform school by a sympathetic Judge Willoughby  for stealing a pistol from a hardware store, despite the testimony of his friends Dave  and Clyde ([[Harry Lewis , his older sister Ruby and others that he would never kill any living creature. After reform school and a stint in the Army, Bart returns home. He, Dave and Clyde go to a traveling carnival. There he meets a kindred spirit in sharpshooter Annie Laurie Starr ; she gets him a job with the carnival. However, their attraction to each other inflames the jealousy of Packett , who wants Laurie for himself, and they both get fired. The couple get married and embark on a happy honeymoon. She warns him beforehand that she is bad, but will try to be good. When their money runs out though, Laurie gives her husband a stark choice: join her in crime or she will leave him. They hold up stores and gas stations, but the cash they steal does not last long. Finally, she persuades him to take on one last big robbery so they can flee the country and live in peace and comfort. They get jobs at a meat processing plant and make detailed plans. They get away with a lot of money, but Laurie has an uncontrollable homicidal streak that comes out when she is frightened; during the robbery, she kills her office manager and a security guard. Afterward, they are supposed to split up for a couple of months, but neither can bear to be away from the other that long. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is brought in, and the fugitives become the targets of an intense manhunt. In California, Bart arranges for passage to Mexico, but the authorities track them down by the serial numbers from bills from the plant. They are forced to flee, leaving all their loot behind. With no place else to go, they go to Ruby. Bart's old friends, now a reporter and the local sheriff, plead with him to give himself and Laurie up. Instead, they flee into the mountains where Bart used to go camping in the summer. They are surrounded, and Dave and Clyde approach them to try to save their lives. When Bart sees Laurie preparing to gun them down, he shoots her and is turn killed by the police."] ['The Black Widows, a teenage girl gang, find one of their number killed; they suspect Barbara, sometime girlfriend of the leader of rival gang The Vandals. As the gangs prepare for a rumble, we glimpse the members\' home lives, exaggerating every type of Family dysfunction; but that of their "average American" quarry is no better. Full of shadowy urban night scenes.'] ["Robert , a riding school owner, and his wife Dora  have a seemingly happy marriage until Dora is critically injured in a road accident. Robert and Dora's mother  rush to the hospital to which she has been taken. Believing she is about to die, Dora spitefully asks her mother &ndash; a vulgar, tawdry and heavy-drinking woman &ndash; to put Robert in the picture regarding the true nature of the marriage, so that she can die gloating over his distress. As Dora is taken to the operating theatre, her mother takes vicious pleasure in informing Robert &ndash; who has been reflecting with sadness about happy times and the prospect of losing his wife &ndash; that the marriage has been a sham from the start. Via a series of flashbacks, it is revealed that Dora is a manipulative, conniving and amoral gold-digger. Encouraged by her equally unprincipled mother, she set out to snare Robert purely for access to his finances in order that she  could live a life of ease and outward respectability. In fact she has always despised Robert, mocking his unsuspicious nature and gullibility while amusing herself with a string of lovers. With the riding school business recently failing, Dora had decided that she had taken Robert for as much as she could, and had been planning to leave him for François, a richer lover who could further her social-climbing ambitions. News comes through from the operating theatre that Dora will live, but is permanently paralysed. Robert states his intention to abandon her to her fate, leaving the mother alone with the prospect of having to care for her disabled daughter in straitened financial circumstances.Manèges overview at Films de France Retrieved 23-07-2010"] ["A gangster named Scot Webster  attempts to save his sister, Susan  from the clutches of rival gangster W.S Bruhl . When one of Bruhl's gang members catches Scot in Bruhl's rented room, one of Scot's aides is killed by a gunman. The man tosses him the gun and disappears. Scot is tried and executed. A scientist  salvages his brain and transplants it into a gorilla. Using the strength of his new, bestial body, Webster begins stalking the gangsters to exact his revenge."] ["In a small French town identified as 'anywhere', anonymous poison pen letters are sent by somebody signing as Le Corbeau . The letters start by accusing doctor Rémy Germain  of having an affair with Laura Vorzet , the pretty young wife of the elderly psychiatrist Dr. Vorzet . Germain is also accused of practicing illegal abortions. Letters are then sent to virtually all the population of the town, but keep getting back at the initial victim, Dr. Germain. The situation becomes serious when a patient of the hospital commits suicide with his straight razor after the Raven writes to him that his cancer is terminal. Marie Corbin, a nurse in the infirmary, becomes a suspect and is arrested, but soon new letters arrive. Germain's lover Denise is suspected, only for Laura to be identified by material contained in her blotter. Germain agrees to sign an order committing Laura as insane, just before he is called away to a patient. Just as the ambulance takes Laura away, Germain returns and finds Vorzet dead at his desk, his throat cut by the cancer patient's mother as he was writing the Raven's final triumphant letter. The film is loosely based on a famous anonymous letter case that started in the town of Tulle, Limousin in 1917. Anonymous letters had been sent by somebody signing the eye of the tiger."] ["The drama related the tale of ex-racketeer Chet Chester  who is blackmailed by his former criminal partners. Chester's girlfriend Sally  kills one of his enemies. But Chester takes the blame, assuming that he has still got enough clout to escape with a light sentence. Meanwhile, Dona Williams  flies to Hawaii because she is certain that Chester is her long-lost husband who was thought to have died at Pearl Harbor."] ["A cop  is suspected of killing a gorgeous film star. Since he was extremely drunk at the time, even he suspects that he did it. The investigation leads him to Candy, an artist's mistress , as well as to a slimy Laura-type gossip columnist  who spent time with the woman that night and becomes the main suspect. But he also becomes a red herring when a third man is finally found to be the real killer."] [' Cody Jarrett  is the ruthless, deranged leader of a criminal gang. Although married to Verna , Jarrett is overly attached to his equally crooked and determined mother, "Ma" Jarrett , his only real confidante. Cody suffers from debilitating headaches and his mother consoles him each time. Early in the film she sits him on her lap and gives him a shot of whiskey with the toast, "Top of the world." It is later revealed that Jarrett\'s father died in an insane asylum. Jarrett and his gang rob a train, resulting in the deaths of four members of the train crew and a Jarrett accomplice, Zuckie . With the help of informants, the police close in and Jarrett shoots and injures US Treasury investigator Philip Evans ([[John Archer . Jarrett then confesses to a lesser crime, which was committed by an associate at the same time as the train robbery, thus providing Jarrett with an alibi. He is sentenced to one to three years. Evans is not fooled. He plants undercover agent Hank Fallon  in Jarrett\'s cell; Fallon goes by the name Vic Pardo. His main task is to find the "Trader," a fence who launders stolen money for Jarrett. On the outside, "Big Ed" Somers , Jarrett\'s ambitious right-hand man, has designs on both the leadership of Jarrett\'s gang and his treacherous wife Verna. He pays a convict, Roy Parker ([[Paul Guilfoyle , to kill Jarrett. In the prison workplace, Parker arranges to drop a heavy piece of machinery on Jarrett, but Pardo pushes him out of the way, saving his life. Ma visits and vows to take care of Big Ed herself, despite Jarrett\'s attempts to dissuade her. He begins to worry and decides to break out. Before he can, Jarrett learns that Ma is dead and goes berserk in the mess hall, being dragged away to the infirmary and diagnosed with psychosis. Jarrett takes hostages and escapes, along with Pardo, their cellmates and Parker, who is locked in the trunk of the getaway car. Later, when Parker complains, "It\'s stuffy, I need some air," Jarrett replies, "Oh, stuffy, huh? I\'ll give ya a little air." While calmly munching on a chicken leg, he empties his gun into the trunk. On hearing of Jarrett\'s escape, Big Ed nervously waits for him to show up. Verna tries to slip away, but she is caught by her husband. She convinces him that Big Ed murdered Ma . Jarrett guns down Big Ed. The gang welcomes the escapees, including Pardo, for whom Jarrett has developed a genuine liking. Jarrett insists on sharing the proceeds from their robberies with him, stating, "I split even with Ma, didn\'t I?" A stranger shows up at the gang\'s isolated country hideout, asking to use the phone. Everybody expects the stranger to be murdered: "Looks like Big Ed\'s gonna have company." To Pardo\'s surprise, he is introduced by a trusting Jarrett to the Trader , the fence he was to track down. Jarrett intends to steal the payroll at a chemical plant in Long Beach, California by using a large tank truck as a Trojan Horse to hide inside. Pardo manages to get a message to Evans and an ambush is set up. The gang gets into the plant but the driver, Creel ([[Ian MacDonald , recognizes Pardo as Fallon . The police surround the building and Evans calls on Jarrett to surrender. Jarrett decides to fight it out. When the police fire tear gas into the office, Fallon manages to escape. All of Jarrett\'s henchmen are shot by the police, or by Jarrett himself when they try to give themselves up . Jarrett then flees to the top of a gigantic, globe-shaped gas storage tank. When Fallon shoots Jarrett several times with a rifle, Jarrett starts firing into the tank and shouts, "Made it, Ma! Top of the world!" just before it goes up in a massive explosion.'] ['Insurance investigator Joe Peters  and his partner Harry Miller  solve a case and prepare to fly home. Joe meets Diane  at an airport. She pretends to be his wife without his knowledge in order to get a large discount on the airfare. They wind up sharing a hotel room after a storm forces an unscheduled stop. Joe is attracted to Diane, despite his dislike for "chiseler"s. She makes it quite clear she loves the finer things in life, which "Honest Joe"  cannot possibly afford on his small salary of $350 a month, so they part when they reach Los Angeles. By coincidence, when Joe and Harry are assigned to check out Kendall Webb , the prime suspect in a fur robbery, Joe runs into Diane, who is now Webb\'s girlfriend. Their mutual attraction flares up, and Joe sets up a robbery to Webb, using his inside knowledge of a $1,250,000 cash shipment, to finance a dream life with Diane. Ironically, Diane decides that her love for Joe is greater than her love of money. When she tells Joe she wants to get married, he tries to back out of his deal with Webb. However, Webb convinces him that Diane might not feel the same after a few months living on his paltry pay. The robbery coincides with Joe and Diane\'s honeymoon, giving him an alibi. Eventually, Joe confesses to Diane what he has done. The railway mail car robbery is successful, but a railroad employee is injured and later dies. Things go downhill from there. One of the robbers is identified and arrested. Desperate, Joe arranges to meet Webb on a desolate stretch of highway by telling him he has a plan to get them out of their mess. However, after a struggle, he knocks Webb out and stages a car accident in which Webb is killed and his share of the money partially burned. Harry figures out that his partner is involved and pleads with him to turn himself in. Instead, Joe tries to flee to Mexico with Diane, but is tracked down and shot. He dies in Diane\'s arms.'] ['In the opening scene set in Southern California, while Virginia Wilson  is taking an outside beach shower, an escaped madman from the sanitarium shows up. He stabs her dog, Rusty [Devil was the name of her second dog], attacks her and is then shot to death by her stepbrother, Charlie, with a rifle. After the attack, Virginia is committed to a sanitarium. The psychiatrist falls in love with her. He fakes her death, and they go on the lam. Virginia ends up dancing at the El Madhouse night club run by Gypsy Rose Lee. Lee performs "Put the Blame on Mame," the classic noir theme from the film Gilda. All the while Virginia is being stalked by a serial killer.'] ["Casper is fighting to retain control of the city's criminal activities when Frank Janser , an honest man and mayoral hopeful, begins a strong anti-crime campaign. Casper tasks Grace to dig up some dirt on the mayoral candidate and ruin his chances of election. Grace finds some dirt when he meets the man's sexy redheaded secretary, June Lyons . He follows her to a jail where she's picking up her red headed and equally sexy kleptomaniac sister Dorothy . Ben Grace eventually falls for June and gives her incriminating evidence about his boss, causing violent Caspar to kill a well-known newspaperman, and leave the city. Ben Grace takes over the racket, yet he has good instincts. At the same time, June is nervous because her sexually charged sister is attracted to Ben. Caspar returns for revenge and shoots Ben several times. The police enter the house and arrest Casper with gun in hand. A wounded Ben is taken to the hospital, as June and Dorothy follow in tow."] ['A naive woman  comes to New York City to meet her salesman husband  whom she only met months before, and discovers that he may be a murderer.'] ['The opening credits include the following foreword:  The motion picture you are about to see was adapted from the files of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Wherever possible, it was photographed in the original locale and played by the actual FBI personnel involved.  This is followed by a message from FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover:  The street on which crime flourishes is the street extending across America. It is the street with no name. Organized gangsterism is once again returning. If permitted to go unchecked three out of every four Americans will eventually become its victims. Wherever law and order break down there you will find public indifference. An alert and vigilant America will make for a secure America.  A crime wave, including a holdup at a nightclub that ends in a murder and a bank robbery in which a guard is killed, has hit Center City. A squad of FBI agents headed by inspector George A. Briggs meets with local FBI field officer Richard Atkins, police chief Bernard Harmatz and Police Commissioner Ralph Demory. After Briggs interrogates suspect Robert Danker, who claims he was not involved in either killing and that he has been framed, various tests are run at the FBI laboratory in Washington that exonerate Danker. Later Danker, who has been bailed out by &#34;John Smith,&#34; is found stabbed to death. At the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia, Briggs briefs agent Gene Cordell, who is going undercover in Center City to try to infiltrate the gang Briggs thinks is responsible for all three killings. Cordell takes a bus into Center City and rents a room at the same &#34;Skid Row&#34; hotel in which Danker had been living. Fellow agent Cy Gordon is in a similar hotel across the street from him. Using the name George Manly, Cordell makes himself known in the area by going to the local gym and picking a fight with one of the boxers training there. He is spotted by owner Alec Stiles, who offers him cash if he can last against the boxer. He does, and Alec pays him off. Later, in a nearby amusement arcade, Cordell tells Gordon that while he was at the gym, his Social Security card was stolen. As they talk, two policemen approach and arrest Cordell for a break-in at a jewelry store, where his card has been found. The FBI has provided a false record for Cordell, and he is bailed out by John Smith, who turns out to be Stiles. Through the police department, Stiles has acquired a copy of Cordell&#39;s phony FBI record and is impressed enough to invite him to join his organization. Later Cordell meets with Briggs on board a ferry, and his report convinces Briggs that the Stiles gang are their culprits. After Stiles and his henchmen plan a robbery of a local mansion, Stiles has a violent argument with his wife Judy. Cordell alerts Gordon about the robbery and the FBI and police prepare an ambush, but Stiles&#39; informant within the police department tips him off and he cancels the job. Cordell returns to gang headquarters and fires a shot from Stiles&#39; revolver in order to recover the bullet for testing. However, Stiles discovers that his gun has been fired and goes to see his informant, who turns out to be Commissioner Demory, and asks him to have his gun checked for fingerprints. Demory later advises Stiles that his gang has been infiltrated by Cordell. Shivvy and Matty, two of Stiles&#39; henchmen, take Cordell to see Stiles, and Gordon follows them in a taxi. Briggs, who has been observing Stiles and can link him to Demory, then receives a report from Washington that the barrel markings on the bullet fired from Stiles&#39; gun are identical with those on the bullets used in the previous killings. After Gordon tracks Shivvy, Matty and Cordell to a factory, he tells the taxi driver to get word to Briggs as to where he is. Inside the plant, Shivvy discovers and then stabs Gordon. Cordell does not realize he has been found out until Stiles announces he is going to frame him and have Demory&#39;s officers &#34;accidentally&#34; kill him. However, the plan backfires when Briggs and Chief Harmatz arrive with backup and chase Stiles through the factory. Cordell corners Stiles and kills him, and as Briggs arrests Demory, agent Gordon recovers.'] ['A wealthy classical pianist, Ellen, is accused of already being married when she attempts to take her wedding vows; the wedding guests are shocked. They temporarily call off the wedding and the couple tries to investigate why someone would accuse her of already being married. With the help of a lawyer and the district attorney, the couple tracks down and questions the justice of the peace that signed her wedding papers. Even he recognizes her as the woman he married. Frustrated, the couple next visits the man to whom Ellen is accused of being married. In a back room a gunshot fires and Ellen is accused of killing the man. She breaks down after a lengthy trial, is eventually found not guilty due to insanity, and is sent to a mental institution. Meanwhile her fiance David, still believing her innocence, begins to find clues that may help free her.'] ['Wyoming ranch hand Vern Haskell is enraged when his fiancee Beth Forbes is abused and murdered during a store robbery. He sets out after the two thieves, first with a posse, then by himself. He finds one of them, Whitey, shot in the back by his partner after a quarrel. Whitey\'s dying words, "Chuck-a-luck", are the only clue to the second man\'s identity. After questioning everyone he meets, Vern finally finds someone who lets slip that someone named Altar Keane is connected with Chuck-a-luck. When the man realizes that Vern is just fishing for information, Vern is forced to kill him in self defense. Vern is taken into custody, then released when the dead man is identified as a wanted outlaw. By a stroke of luck, a deputy knows Altar as a saloon singer from his past, though not her current whereabouts. Later, Vern learns that after she quit working for saloon owner Baldy Gunder, she bet her last $20 on his rigged chuck-a-luck game and won a lot of money after gunslinger Frenchy Fairmont stepped in to help her. In the town of Gunsight, Vern learns that Frenchy is in jail, so he deliberately gets himself arrested. After they break out, Frenchy takes Haskell to the Chuck-a-Luck, a horse ranch near the Mexican border owned by Altar. The ranch is a hideout available to any outlaw who is willing to pay 10% of his ill-gotten gains. Vern finds a bunch of men in residence, but has no idea if the killer is one of them. One of them does, however, eventually recognize him. The newcomer quickly catches Altar\'s eye. One night, Haskell notices Altar is wearing a brooch that he gave to Beth. He sets out to romance Altar to find out who gave it to her. This makes Frenchy very jealous. Vern is forced to go along on a bank robbery, during which one of the others, Kinch, secretly shoots at Vern. When Vern takes Altar her share of the proceeds, she finally informs him that Kinch gave her the jewelry. Vern reveals his true purpose and his disdain for Altar\'s profession. Altar is shamed, and decides to give it all up. However, before she can leave, a gunfight breaks out between Vern and Frenchy on one side and the rest of the outlaws on the other. Altar is killed protecting Frenchy. Kinch also dies, ending Vern\'s quest.'] ['In 1935, United States Narcotics Agent Michael Barrows  is assigned to find an unidentified freighter suspected of smuggling drugs. When he and the Coast Guard spot it along the California coast, they give chase. Barrows watches helplessly through binoculars as the freighter captain has about a hundred chained slave laborers thrown overboard to drown. The ship escapes by passing beyond the 12 mile limit and entering international waters. Horrified by what he has seen, Barrows determines to smash the narcotics ring - traveling "to the ends of the Earth" if need be - without first clearing it with his boss, Commissioner H. J. Anslinger . The trail leads him to Shanghai where his Chinese counterpart, Commissioner Lum Chi Chow , has obtained information from a dying man. The man had escaped from a slave labor gang growing poppies somewhere in Egypt. Lum Chi Chow believes that once the poppies are harvested within the next few days, they will be smuggled into Shanghai for final processing. Suspicion falls on Nicholas Sokim , as he has a criminal record, but he claims to have been out of the drug business for many years. During his investigation, Barrows meets recent widow Ann Grant , who is preparing to send orphan Chinese teenager Shu Pan Wu  to the safety of the United States. When a drug processing lab is discovered beneath Sokim\'s business, Sokim commits suicide. With time running out, and the trail going cold, Barrows travels to Egypt to search for the hidden poppy fields. There, he teams up with British Commissioner Lionel Hadley  and French Commissioner Lariesier . They managed to locate the poppy fields on land belonging to Binda Sha . Barrows is disturbed to learn that the irrigation system for the fields was set up by Ann Grant\'s late engineer husband. When Binda Sha realizes he has been caught, he throws himself off a cliff to his death. Meanwhile, the unprocessed drugs are smuggled to Beirut in the stomachs of camels. The camels are slaughtered and the drugs retrieved. An alert agent spots them being transferred to innocent-looking butter containers sent aboard a ship bound for New York via Havana under the watchful eye of Naftalie Vrandstadter . Barrows boards the ship and once again encounters Ann Grant and Shu Pan Wu; the latter seems to have developed a schoolgirl crush for him. As they near New York, the drugs disappear under cover of a fire, despite the vigilance of Barrows\' planted agents. Barrows figures out that they were thrown overboard attached to weights. The ropes are treated so that they will part after a certain time, allowing the drugs to resurface and be picked up. Barrows summons the Coast Guard, who capture the drug ring\'s boat and the drugs. He takes the recovered packages and heads to shore with Ann and Shu Pan Wu. Shu Pan Wu steals Barrows\' revolver and orders him to go to a different location. When Barrows advances on her, she shoots him without hesitation; however, the gun is loaded with blanks, as the treasury agent had grown suspicious of her. Shu Pan Wu turns out to be the adult leader of the ring.'] ["A narcotics agent convinces a convict he helped send to Alcatraz go undercover with him to help expose a heroin drug smuggling ring. The unlikely pair travels from San Francisco to Vancouver and finally to a dude ranch in Tucson which is run by mob bosses. They end up getting help breaking the case from the gang leader's dingy blonde girlfriend , who falls for the narcotics agent during the sting."] ['The film opens at about 1:00 A.M. on a hot summer night in New York City. Producer Mark Hellinger\'s voice narrates the film. Two men are shown subduing and killing Jean Dexter, a blonde model, by knocking her out with chloroform, strangling her, and then drowning her in a bathtub. Cross-cutting is used to show what is happening to the other main characters at the same time: Dr. Stoneman  hosts a party for the beautiful and wealthy; homicide detective Lt. Dan Muldoon  is shown making breakfast; the infant son of a young couple is shown waking up and crying; a radio host is shown playing records; a cleaning woman goes to her job; and various aspects of early-morning life in the city  are shown. When one of the murderers, conscience-stricken, gets drunk, the other kills him and throws the body into the East River. Dexter\'s body is discovered by Martha Swenson , Dexter\'s housekeeper. Muldoon and Halloran are assigned to the case, and interview Swenson. Several aspects of police forensics, such as dusting for fingerprints, photographing the crime scene, and collecting hair and fiber evidence, are depicted. The medical examiner says Dexter\'s death was murder. The police discover a pair of man\'s pajamas in the apartment, and Swenson says that Dexter associated with a "Mr. Henderson" and formerly dated a man named Frank Niles. A large amount of expensive jewelry is also missing, and the police find a bottle of sleeping pills in the bathroom. Halloran questions Dr. Stoneman , the psychiatrist who prescribed the pills, but he has little information to offer. Halloran also talks to Ruth Morrison , a model who worked in the shop where Dexter bought her dresses. Morrison says she is engaged to Frank Niles. Muldoon has Niles  brought to the police station for questioning. Niles lies about his past relationship with Jean Dexter and denies knowing Ruth Morrison. Muldoon deduces from the bruises on Dexter\'s neck that she was killed by two men, not one as the detectives had previously assumed. That evening, Dexter\'s estranged parents, Mr. and Mrs. Batory, arrive to identify the body. They tell the detectives that their daughter was enamored of wealth and fame, changed her name, and became involved with the wrong type of people and sexually promiscuous. They also reveal that they had not spoken with her for a long time. Muldoon admits that the case is growing cold. But the next morning, the detectives learn that Niles pawned a gold cigarette case and purchased a one-way airline ticket to Mexico. Because jewel thievery was being investigated in conjunction with the killing, Halloran determines that the cigarette case was stolen almost a year ago. Lists of stolen goods are checked against a list of the jewelry stolen from Dexter\'s apartment. A black star sapphire ring found on Dexter\'s body is also discovered to be stolen, taken several months earlier from the home of wealthy Mrs. Hylton . Muldoon and Halloran return the ring to Mrs. Hylton, who reveals that the ring actually belonged to her daughter. When the daughter walks through the door, Muldoon and Halloran are surprised to discover that she is Ruth Morrison . Muldoon and Halloran quickly learn that Morrison\'s engagement ring  is also stolen property. Muldoon and Halloran take Morrison to Niles\' apartment, where they interrupt someone trying to murder him. The killer exchanges gunfire with the police, then escapes down the fire escape and onto a nearby elevated train—eluding Halloran. Niles\' behavior is very suspicious. When questioned about the stolen jewelry, Niles claims that Jean Dexter gave all of it to him as gifts. He claims his trip to Mexico was for a business event he learned of that afternoon, but Muldoon says Niles bought the ticket in the morning. Morrison becomes violently upset at the revelations that Niles had an ongoing intimate relationship with Dexter. Niles is arrested for theft, but the police admit they cannot link him to Dexter\'s murder. A body (that of small-time thief Peter Backalis  is discovered in the East River by some boys. Halloran learns that Backalis died within hours of Dexter, and tries to connect the two crimes. Muldoon, although skeptical, lets him pursue the lead and assigns two detectives to assist Halloran with the legwork. After talking with Backalis\' parole officer, Halloran concludes that Bacaklis was not drunk enough to have hit his head and fallen into the river. The beat cop who arrested Backalis two years earlier reveals that Backalis had an acrobatic accomplice named Willie who liked to play the harmonica. Halloran and his assistants talk to as many gymnasium owners and bookers of acrobatic acts as they can. They learn Willie\'s last name , that he is a former professional wrestler, and that he had a brother. They track down the brother, who tells the detectives that Willie lived near the Williamsburg Bridge. With a photograph of Willie Garza taken from a newspaper story about wrestlers, the detectives begin canvassing the neighborhood where Garza is alleged to live. Meanwhile, Muldoon pressures Niles into revealing more about what he knows about the theft ring. One of Niles\' former employers says that he hired Niles only after Niles presented him with a letter of recommendation from Dr. Stoneman. Niles confesses that the mysterious "Mr. Henderson" is really Dr. Stoneman, and that Stoneman was involved in the theft ring. Muldoon takes Niles to Stoneman\'s office and surprises the doctor. The patrician doctor breaks down and confesses that he fell in love with Jean Dexter. Dexter and Niles used Stoneman\'s high society connections to gain entry to the homes of the wealthy. After determining what was worth stealing and where it was located in each home, Dexter and Niles hired various criminal low-lifes to commit the actual robberies. Niles then admits that he and Dexter hired a Willie Garza and his accomplice, Backalis, to commit the robberies. But Garza and Backalis wanted a larger cut of the money made from the robberies. When Dexter refused, they killed her. Niles says he thinks Garza killed Backalis. Meanwhile, Halloran meets a local food vendor who tells him where Garza lives. Halloran calls his precinct and tells them where he is going. Halloran locates Garza\'s apartment, finds Garza at home. He tries to bluff the wrestler into revealing what he knows by claiming that Backalis is in the hospital and wanted to see him. Garza sees through the ruse, and knocks Halloran unconscious. Meanwhile, Lt. Muldoon learns that Halloran has also learned about Willie Garza, and fears for Halloran\'s life. He orders as many police as possible to close in on the neighborhood. Just as Garza attempts to flee his apartment building, the police arrive. Garza begins to panic, and runs. He bowls over a blind man and his guide dog. The dog attacks Garza, and Garza  shoots and kills the dog. The police quickly converge on the sounds of gunfire. Garza attempts to flee over the Williamsburg Bridge, and is shot and wounded by Halloran. Garza climbs high up into one of the bridge\'s towers and refuses to surrender. Gunfire is exchanged. Garza is shot again and falls to his death. As aerial and street shots of New York are shown, the narration concludes with the famous line: "There are eight million stories in the naked city. This has been one of them."Sadoul and Morris, p. 234.'] ["Suave Don Juan Rick De Villa  and his married lover Fritzi Darvel would like to take off together, but his lack of money prevents them from doing so. A chance encounter introduces Rick to the young, but terminally ill socialite Valerie Bancroft , in whom Rick sees the solution to his predicament. Rick sweeps her off her feet and they soon marry, although Valerie's entourage are suspicious of him. Rick then proceeds to try and bring about Valerie's demise so he can inherit her wealth and live the good life with Fritzi."] ['A kidnapping goes down in 1934 Kansas City. Blondie O\'Hara\'s petty thief husband Johnny is taken by gangster "Seldom Seen" and held prisoner at the Hey Hey Club, one of the hot spots of the Kansas City jazz scene. Blondie herself kidnaps Mrs. Stilton, the wife of a local politician, played by Michael Murphy. She wishes to blackmail the man into helping to free Johnny. Despite the risk to his re-election campaign, Mr. Stilton does everything he can in order to free his wife by saving Johnny. Meanwhile, Mrs. Stilton comes to befriend Blondie. She is impressed by Blondie\'s devotion to her husband, contrasted to her own loveless marriage.'] ['Young Seth Dove becomes obsessed with the idea of vampires and soon attaches his fixation onto a woman named Dolphin Blue. After his father’s suicide, Seth’s brother comes home from his military tour of duty in Micronesia and begins an affair with Dolphin, leaving Seth to become completely infatuated with the notion of his brother’s danger. Along with this, Seth finds himself at the mercy of an unstable mother along with a group of men, who plague the small children of Seth’s continually shrinking rural population.'] ['A teenager living in the idyllic town of Santa Rosa, California, Charlotte "Charlie" Newton , complains that nothing seems to be happening in her life. Then, she receives wonderful news: her uncle , Charlie Oakley , her mother\'s younger brother, is arriving for a visit. Two men show up pretending to be working on a national survey of the average American family. One of them speaks to Charlie privately, identifying himself as Detective Jack Graham . He explains that her uncle is one of two men suspected of being a serial killer known as the "Merry Widow Murderer" who seduces, steals from, and murders wealthy widows. At first, young Charlie refuses to even consider that her uncle could be a murderer, but she notices him acting strangely on several occasions. She confirms her suspicions when she sees that the initials engraved inside the emerald ring Uncle Charlie gave her match those of one of the recent victims. Her suspicions grow during a family dinner in which Uncle Charlie reveals his hatred of rich widows, comparing them to fat animals deserving to be slaughtered. One night, Uncle Charlie confronts his niece, admitting that he is the man the police are after. He begs her for help; she reluctantly agrees not to say anything, as long as he leaves soon, to avoid a horrible scandal in the town that would destroy her family, especially her mother, who idolizes her younger brother. News breaks that the other suspect was killed fleeing from the police in Portland, Maine, and is assumed to have been the murderer. Detective Graham leaves after telling young Charlie that he loves her and would like to marry her someday. Uncle Charlie is delighted he is off the hook, until he remembers that young Charlie knows all his secrets. Soon, the young woman has a couple of near-fatal "accidents"—falling down some steep stairs, and being trapped in a closed garage with a car spewing exhaust fumes. Under pressure from his niece, Uncle Charlie announces he is leaving by train for San Francisco, accompanied by a rich local widow. He contrives for young Charlie to stay on board the departing train, planning to kill her by pushing her out once the train gets up to speed. Instead, in the ensuing struggle between them, he is pushed into the path of an oncoming train. At his funeral Uncle Charlie is highly honored by the townspeople of Santa Rosa, who know nothing of his crimes. Jack returns to comfort Charlie, and she tells him she had withheld from him information about her uncle which would have confirmed him as the murderer. Jack and young Charlie resolve to keep Uncle Charlie\'s crimes secret.'] ["Cagney plays a truck driver named Danny Kenny, who starts as a New York boxing contender. Ann Sheridan plays his girlfriend, Peggy. Being successful as a boxer, Danny decides to financially help his brother Eddie ([[Arthur Kennedy  to become a professional musician. Peggy on the other hand, loses her heart to Murray Burns , a professional dancer, and she turns down Danny's proposal in order to go for a dancing career. Embittered by Peggy's refusal, Danny continues to work as a boxer and eventually gets blinded by his opponent during a fight, who has placed some rosin dust onto his gloves. Now partly blind, Danny works as a newspaper stand operator, while Peggy is seized with remorse after her career as a dancer had not come true. The movie ends with Eddie being a successful composer who dedicates his first major symphony at Carnegie Hall to his brother, who is listening to the concert on the radio from his newsstand."] ["An ex-lounge singer  revisiting Las Vegas with her shady husband  encounters a cop  with whom she'd had an affair years before, and who comes in handy during the subsequent fast-paced mayhem. Hoagy Carmichael portrays Happy, the eccentric pianist at the bar where the singer used to work."] ['The film tells the story of the U.S. Treasury Department who, with the aid of a counterfeiter, try to track down and stop of counterfeiting ring. The counterfeiter, Tris Stewart  serving time in prison, is released under the agreement that he will assist in the capture of the phoney money printers. Once out of jail Stewart quickly meets up with cigarette girl Meg Dixon .'] ["After he's called in to investigate the brutal killing of Joseph Samuels , who was found dead at his home, police investigator Finlay ([[Robert Young  discovers there may be a murderer among a group of demobilized soldiers, who had been seen with Samuels and his female friend at a hotel bar that night. Meanwhile, Sergeant Keeley , concerned that his friend Mitch  may be the prime suspect, decides to investigate the murder to clear his friend's name. To both investigators, each suspected soldier relays their version of that night through a flashback. The first to step up is Montgomery  and the rest are Floyd ([[Steve Brodie , Mitch, and a possible witness Ginny . As Finlay and Keeley slowly piece together the fragments of that night, they realize there is one possible motive that may have driven the killer to beat an innocent to death, which prompts Finlay to set up a trap to expose the killer."] ['Set in Puerto Rico, where Charles "Chick" Graham  settled down after the war to run a small business with his old Army buddy, now his brother-in-law, Buster Cox , Graham comes home one evening to find his wife, Cora , acting as if he is an insane stranger. He finds that a double has taken his place. There is a man who looks exactly like him, Albert "Bert" Rand , playing cards and drinking in his living room. Cora and Buster, and even Graham\'s dog, do not recognize him and think the double is him. Meanwhile, Graham\'s face has shown up on the front page of newspapers as a bank robber in Miami who made away with half a million dollars. As he runs from the police, he attempts to solve the mystery with the help of an old girlfriend, Mary Davis , whom he jilted to marry Cora. Mary\'s protective brother, Walt Davis , is wary, but soon joins in trying to figure out the puzzle. Graham\'s criminal double attempts to have him killed by hiring an attack dog specialist to have a Doberman go after him. The evil double has been in on this sinister plan with Cora and her brother, Buster, since before Graham married her. Intriguingly, Barry Nelson was the first actor to portray James Bond, starring in a 1954 television version of Casino Royale opposite Peter Lorre.'] ['The criminal mastermind Erwin "Doc" Riedenschneider is out of prison. Doc has a keen eye for detail, not to mention an eye for a pretty girl. He has been planning a “caper” – a jewel heist, outlined by a fellow inmate when they were “behind the walls” for the previous seven years. In an unnamed Midwest city, Doc goes to the betting parlor of a mid-level bookie called "Cobby." He requests to be put in touch with Alonzo Emmerich, a crooked lawyer. It is his understanding that Emmerich is the kind of man who can be approached with such operations and has the money to finance them. Emmerich attentively listens. Doc says he will need $50,000 to hire a team of men to carry out the burglary. Emmerich agrees on the condition that he  should receive the jewels directly, pay off Doc, then be responsible for the disposal of the gems. Emmerich would therefore need to come up with an immediate $500,000 in cash to pay off Doc. Doc\'s hand-picked gang consists of Dix Handley, a hooligan from Kentucky who will provide the necessary muscle; Gus Minissi, a hunchbacked diner owner who is hired as the getaway driver, and Louie Ciavelli, a professional safecracker. Cobby will act as the go-between. Dix explains his ultimate goal to Doll Conovan, who is clearly in love with him. He sees the heist as a means to finance his dream of buying back the horse farm that his family lost during the Great Depression. During the meticulously planned crime , the criminals confidently carry out their work in a calm manner. Ciavelli pounds through a brick wall, breaks into the jewelry store, deactivates the door\'s alarm and lets in the other thieves, then heads to the main safe. With care, he slides flat on his back under the electric-eye system, picks the gate\'s lock, drills holes into the safe\'s door, gingerly opens a corked bottle of nitroglycerin  and sets off a charge on the safe. Unfortunately for the crooks, the explosion sets off the alarms of several nearby businesses and brings the police to the scene more quickly than expected. A second unexpected mishap occurs when a security guard drops his gun after being struck by Dix, causing the gun to discharge and wound Ciavelli. The men get away and a police manhunt begins. Under increasing pressure from his commanding officer, a corrupt cop named Ditrich beats Cobby into confessing and fingering the other crooks involved. Emmerich, meanwhile, double-crosses Doc and the thieves. He is broke and needs the money, not only for himself but to satisfy the expensive tastes of his young, gorgeous mistress, Angela Phinlay, who calls him "Uncle Lon." A tough private detective named Bob Brannom is willing to back Emmerich\'s betrayal for a 50-50 split. Doc had heard Emmerich was having financial difficulties and foresaw this possibility, which is why he brought Dix to the payoff. Dix is able to kill Brannom, but not without being seriously wounded himself. The cops put the squeeze on the gang. Cobby is jailed and so is Gus, who can\'t wait to get his hands on the snitch. Ciavelli dies at home from his gunshot wound. Doc and Dix are on the run. Emmerich is in his hideaway with his mistress, who is making big plans. The police arrive and force Angela, his alibi, to recant her previous story and tell the truth. Emmerich is caught red-handed. He asks for a moment to make a phone call, pulls a gun from his desk and shoots himself. That leaves only Doc and Dix, who go their separate ways. Doc asks a taxi driver to drive him out of the city. Dix, in desperate need of medical attention, takes off in his own car with Doll going along. At a roadhouse having a bite to eat, Doc gives jukebox money to a pretty girl and lingers to watch her dance. The delay costs him dearly when two police officers recognize Doc as they peer into the diner and take him into custody as he departs. After narrowly escaping from a doctor who phoned the police, Dix makes it all the way to the gates of his beloved Kentucky horse farm. But he stumbles into the pasture, collapses and dies on the grassy plains of his home, surrounded by horses.'] ['Frankie Madison  and Noll "Dink" Turner  are rum-running partners during Prohibition. They get into a shootout with some would-be hijackers after their liquor, attracting the attention of the police. The two men split up, but not before making a bargain that if one is caught, he will still get an equal share when he gets out of jail. Frankie is sent to prison for 14 years. When he is finally set free, he goes to see Noll. In the interim, Noll has built up a swanky nightclub. When the impatient Frankie shows up there, Noll stalls, sending him to dinner with his singer girlfriend Kay Lawrence . Noll instructs Kay to find out what Frankie is after. He learns that Frankie expects him to honor their old bargain. He tells his old partner that the deal only applied to their old nightclub, which shut down years ago. Dave , the only member of the old gang Frankie trusted, had him sign legal papers to that effect some time ago. Frankie\'s share by Noll\'s reckoning is less than $3000. Furious, Frankie slugs Noll and leaves to recruit men to take what he figures he is owed. However, Noll had Dave tie up ownership of the nightclub between several corporations, with bylaws that make it impossible for him to hand over anything. Furthermore, the men supposedly backing Frankie actually work for Noll. Frankie is beaten up and left in the alley. Meanwhile, Noll informs Kay that he intends to marry wealthy socialite Alexis Richardson , explaining that he is doing so to ensure the success of the nightclub with which he has become increasingly obsessed. He sees no reason they cannot continue their relationship. Repulsed by the idea and strongly attracted to Frankie, Kay quits and, overcoming Frankie\'s suspicions, joins his side. Dave, aghast at how Frankie has been treated, tells him that he is willing to pass along what he knows, which is enough to bring Noll down. However, he foolishly tells Noll what he intends to do, and is killed by Noll\'s henchman. The murder is pinned on Frankie. Evading a police manhunt, Frankie and Kay go to Noll\'s mansion. Though Noll is waiting with a loaded gun, Frankie manages to take it away from him. The three drive to the nightclub. By threatening Noll, Frankie extracts a written confession from him, which he gives to the police when they show up. Noll is taken away, but gets free and goes gunning for Frankie. He is shot dead by a policeman.'] ["When longtime professional rodeo competitor Jeff McCloud  is injured by a Brahma bull he was trying to ride, he decides to quit. He hitchhikes to his childhood home, a decrepit place now owned by Jeremiah . Run down as it is, it is the dream home for Wes Merritt  and his wife Louise . They are painstakingly saving up the money to buy it from Wes's meager wages as a cowhand. Jeff gets a job at the same ranch. Wes enters a local rodeo behind his wife's back. When he does well, he decides to join the rodeo circuit, with Jeff as his partner and trainer. Louise is wholeheartedly against the idea, but goes along. She makes her husband promise to quit once they have saved enough for the house. As Louise becomes acquainted with rodeo life, she becomes more and more disenchanted. Jeff's friend Booker Davis , once a champion competitor himself, is now a crippled old man with little to show for his efforts. When Buster Burgess  is gored and killed by a bull, leaving a bitter widow , Louise can no longer bear to watch her husband compete. However, Wes is seduced by his great success and the money he is winning. He refuses to quit when they have enough for the house. Matters come to a head when Babs  invites Wes to a party she is throwing, and makes a play for him. Louise fights back by putting on her only good dress and going to the party with Jeff. She pours a drink on her rival's head before leaving. In the hallway, Jeff asks her if she could love another man, but she is true to Wes. Coming on the tail end of the conversation, Wes tells Jeff that he is tired of taking all the risks and giving him half the prize money. Jeff decides to go back to the rodeo, despite not being in shape. He gains back Wes's respect by doing well. Then, in the bronc riding event, his foot gets stuck in the stirrup after a successful ride, and he is fatally injured. Seeing this, Wes comes to his senses and quits."] ['Florence Carala  and Julien Tavernier  are illicit lovers who plan to kill Florence\'s husband, Simon Carala , a wealthy industrialist who is also Julien\'s boss. Julien, an ex-Foreign Legion parachutist officer veteran of Indochina and Algeria, climbs up the office block on a rope, shoots Carala in his office without being seen, and arranges the room to make it look like a suicide. However, upon going to his car, Julien realizes he left the rope dangling outside the building. Leaving his expensive car unlocked and with the keys in the ignition, he goes to remove the evidence, but, after disposing of the rope, becomes trapped in the elevator as the building closes down for the weekend. Julien\'s car is stolen by a young couple, small-time crook Louis  and flower-seller Veronique . Florence, who is waiting for Julien at a cafe, sees the car go by and Veronique leaning out of the window. She assumes that Julien has run off with Veronique, and wanders the Paris streets despondently all night. Louis and Veronique spend the night in a motel, checking in under the name "Mr. and Mrs. Julien Tavernier," and make the acquaintance of Horst Bencker  and his wife Frieda , a German tourist couple. Frieda takes pictures of Louis and her husband with Julien\'s miniature camera. After the Benckers go to bed, Louis attempts to steal their luxury car. Bencker catches Louis and threatens him with a "gun" . Louis shoots and kills the couple with Julien\'s handgun. Louis and Veronique return to Paris and hide out in Veronique\'s flat. Convinced that their crime will be discovered and they will go to jail, Veronique persuades Louis to join her in a suicide pact. They take an overdose of pills and pass out. The Benckers\' bodies are discovered, along with Julien\'s car, handgun, and raincoat; Julien therefore becomes the prime suspect in their deaths, and his picture is printed in the morning newspapers. The police, seeking Julien, arrive at the office building. Julien is finally able to escape from the elevator without being seen, but, in a cafe, is quickly recognized and arrested. Meanwhile, the police discover Carala\'s body in his office, but do not suspect foul play - they believe that it was a suicide. Julien is charged with killing the Benckers, and the police refuse to believe his alibi of being stuck in an elevator. Florence believes Julien\'s story, and goes to seek out Veronique. Her suicide attempt failed; she and Louis are both alive, but drowsy. Florence confronts the young couple and accuses them of killing the Benckers. Louis still believes that there is no evidence connecting him with the crime, then remembers Julien\'s camera which contains photographs of him and Bencker. He left the camera at the motel, and drives back there in the hopes of recovering the camera before anyone can develop the pictures. Florence pursues him, determined not to let him get away. At the motel, the photographs have been developed. Because of the picture of Louis and Bencker, Louis will indeed be charged with murdering the German tourists. However, the camera also contained photographs of Julien and Florence, embracing and smiling. The police realize that Julien and Florence were lovers, and that they plotted to kill Florence\'s husband. Both of them will go on trial for Mr. Carala\'s death.'] ['George Edward Grodman , a respected superintendent at Scotland Yard, makes a mistake in an investigation that causes the execution of an innocent man. He takes the blame for his error, is dismissed from his position as superintendent and replaced by the obnoxious and gloating John Buckley . Soured by the turn of events, Grodman sets out to make Buckley look too inept to perform his new job. He enlists the aid of his macabre artist friend, Victor Emmric , and when a mysterious murder occurs, they realize their chance to ruin Buckley may have arrived.'] [' While the novel is told by a third-person narrator in strict chronological order, the film uses voice-over narration . The story is framed by the questioning of Mildred by police after they discover the body of her second husband, Monte Beragon. The film, in noir fashion, opens with Beragon  being shot. He murmurs the name "Mildred" as he collapses and dies. The police are led to believe that the murderer is restaurant owner Mildred Pierce\'s  first husband, Bert Pierce , who under interrogation confesses to the crime. She then relates her life story in flashback. We see housewife Mildred married to a newly unemployed Pierce. Bert at the time was a real estate partner of Wally Fay  who propositioned Mildred after learning that she and Bert were about to divorce. In the divorce, Mildred obtained custody of her two daughters: 16-year-old Veda , a bratty social climber and aspiring pianist, and 10-year-old Kay , a tomboy. Mildred\'s principal goal is to provide for eldest daughter Veda, who longs for possessions the family cannot afford. Mildred needs a job and the best she can find is as a waitress – a fact she hides from Veda. One day, Veda gives their maid, Lottie , Mildred\'s waitress uniform, thinking nothing of it, until Mildred admits her employment as a waitress, infuriating Veda, who thinks it lowly. Kay contracts pneumonia and dies; to bury her grief, Mildred throws herself into opening a new restaurant on the coast . With the help of her new friend and former supervisor, Ida , Mildred\'s new restaurant is a success. Wally Fay helps Mildred buy the property, and then it expands into a chain of "Mildred\'s" throughout Southern California. Mildred continues to smother Veda in affection and worldly goods, but Veda is nonetheless appalled by Mildred\'s common background and choice of profession while becoming more preoccupied with materialistic possessions. Mildred goes as far as entering into a loveless marriage with the formerly wealthy Monte Beragon in order to improve her social standing to gain her daughter\'s approval. Beragon lives the life of a playboy supported financially by Mildred, much to Mildred\'s dismay and potential ruin. Mildred ends up losing the business thanks to Monte\'s manipulation and Veda\'s greed. When Veda takes up with the scheming Monte, a showdown ensues at the beach house where the film began. We discover what really happened: that Veda, furious over Monte\'s unwillingness to marry her, is the one who shoots him. Mildred can cover for her daughter no more, and Veda is led off to jail. As Mildred leaves the police station, Bert is waiting for her.'] ['The story involves a woman who is found dead hanging from a chandelier in a posh mansion occupied by Victor Grandison. Grandison, a popular "true crime" radio story host, has arranged for the murder and set it up to look like suicide. The police have no reason to doubt it, but a mysterious man arrives claiming to be Grandison\'s niece\'s husband and immediately begins to investigate the killing.'] ['A mechanic and race car driver  is chosen by two bank robbers to help them with a heist. The heist requires a driver with considerable driving skills to complete the task. To bait the driver into the dangerous scheme, one of the robbers uses his girlfriend  to help persuade the honest young man to assist with the crime.'] ["The film examines the experience of Manny Balestrero  who works as a musician in the Stork Club, a nightclub in New York City. Manny and Rose , his wife, have very little money. When Rose needs some dental work, Manny attempts to borrow on her insurance policy at the insurance office. Unfortunately, he bears a resemblance to an armed robber who had held up the office twice before, so the police are called. Manny is identified by several witnesses and, when providing a handwriting sample, he nervously misspells a word that was also misspelled on the robbery note. He is arrested and charged with the crime. His defense attorney, Frank O'Connor , builds a case based on mistaken identity. At the time of the first hold-up Manny was away on vacation with his family. At the time of the second hold-up, Manny had a swollen jaw - a fact which the insurance-office employee would have noticed if Manny had been the robber. Manny and Rose look for three witnesses to his presence at the vacation hotel on the day of the hold-up, but two have died in the intervening months and the third can not be found. The stress of all this has a devastating effect on Rose who slowly descends into depression and is ultimately institutionalized. During the trial, a juror bored with the minutiae of one witness's testimony makes a remark which prompts the judge to grant a mistrial. While Manny is awaiting re-trial, the real robber is arrested in the act of robbing a grocery store and Manny is exonerated. He visits Rose at the sanatorium to tell her the good news but she remains in an apathetic state. The film closes with a textual epilogue that reveals that two years later Rose recovered and the family moved to Florida."] ["The film tells of Al Goddard , a detective who works for the United States Postal Inspection Service. He's assigned to arrest two criminals who've allegedly murdered a U.S. postal detective. Goddard must locate the witness to the murder, an attractive young nun named Sister Augustine . He poses as a crook, and gains the confidence of the killers' honcho Boettiger ([[Paul Stewart , who has worked out a plan to steal one million bucks from the post office. Once they discover the deception, the villains take Goddard and witness Sister Augustine prisoner. This leads to a fight in an industrial district."] ['British private detective Edward Mercer  is employed to travel to Venice and locate an Italian who is to be rewarded for his assistance to Allied airmen during the Second World War. Once he arrives in Italy, however, he becomes mixed up in an assassination and a great deal of mystery.'] ['A mysterious killer, known only as "The Judge," kills anyone he considers worthless. Detective Harry Grant  is assigned to track him down. With just a handful of clues, Grant constructs a faceless dummy to help his men conduct their investigation. Police finally break the case after receiving an important clue. Finally, after cornering the killer during a chase on the catwalks of a refinery, the killer is revealed to be a middle-aged man whose cruel disposition and unattractive appearance lead him to become "The Judge."'] ['Ray and Polly Cutler  on a delayed honeymoon at Niagara Falls, find their reserved cabin occupied by George and Rose Loomis . They politely accept another, less desirable cabin, and the two couples become acquainted. George and Rose have a troubled marriage. She is younger and very attractive. He is jealous, depressed and irritable. It is implied that he may have recently been discharged from an Army mental hospital. While touring the falls the following day, Polly sees Rose passionately kissing a man, Patrick. That evening the Cutlers witness George\'s rage. Rose joins an impromptu party and George storms out and breaks a record playing a tune that he suspects has a secret meaning for Rose. What George does not know is that Rose is planning his murder. The next day she lures him into following her to the dark tourist tunnel underneath the Falls. There Patrick has planned to kill him. Patrick is to request a nearby carillon to play a special song to let Rose know that George is dead. By chance, the tune is played and Rose concludes George is murdered. In fact, George has killed Patrick, thrown his body into the falls and collected Patrick\'s shoes at the exit instead of his own. This leads the police to believe that George is the victim. The body is retrieved and the police bring Rose to identify George\'s body. When the cover is lifted from the face and she sees Patrick, she collapses and is admitted to a hospital. The motel manager moves the Cutlers to the Loomises\' cabin. George comes to kill Rose in revenge but finds Polly instead. She wakes and sees him before he runs away. She tells the police, who launch a dragnet. During the Cutlers\' second visit to the Falls, George finds Polly alone. Trying to escape, she slips and he saves her from falling into the Falls. He explains that he killed Patrick in self-defense and asks, "Let me stay dead." Polly leaves without answering. A frightened Rose leaves the hospital intending to return to the U.S. Finding George waiting for her, she tries to hide in the carillon. George catches her and strangles her beneath the bells, which remain silent. Remorsefully he says, "I loved you, Rose. You know that." The Cutlers go fishing with friends in a launch on a section of the Niagara River above the Falls. When the launch is moored to allow the party to go shopping, George steals the boat with Polly on board. The police are notified and set out in pursuit. The boat runs out of gas and drifts toward the Falls. Near the edge, George manages to place Polly on a rock before going over the Falls to his death. Polly is rescued by helicopter.'] ["The story takes place in a second-rate boarding school run by the tyrannical and mean Michel Delassalle . The school, though, is owned by Delassalle's teacher wife, the frail Christina , and Delassalle flaunts his relationship with Nicole Horner , a teacher at the school. Rather than antagonism, the two women are shown to have a somewhat close relationship, primarily based on their apparent common hatred of Michel, who is physically and emotionally abusive to both. Unable to stand his mistreatment any longer, Nicole devises a plan. Though hesitant at first, Christina ultimately consents to help Nicole. Using a threatened divorce to lure Michel to Nicole's apartment building in a remote village several hundred kilometers away, Christina sedates him. The two women then drown him in a bathtub and dump his body in the school's neglected swimming pool. When his corpse floats to the surface, they think it will appear to have been an accident. Almost everything goes according to their plans until the body fails to surface, and Michel's corpse is nowhere to be found when the pool is drained. Nicole sees in the paper that the police found a corpse. Christina goes to the morgue and learns it is not Michel's body. There she meets Alfred Fichet , a retired private detective. He gets involved in the case, much to Nicole's chagrin. When Christina and Alfred come back, a boy is punished for breaking a window; the boy says Michel punished him. After hearing this Christina becomes very sick. She is unable to be photographed for the school photo; however, it seems that Michel is in it, in the back next to a window. Nicole becomes worried and leaves the school. Christina, overcome by fear, tells Alfred everything. He does not believe her, but he investigates the pool. Christina hears some noises and wanders the school. She concludes that someone is in the school and she runs back to her room. She finds Michel's corpse in the bathtub. Michel rises from the tub, and Christina has a heart attack and dies. Michel and Nicole have set up Christina from the beginning. Michel is not dead, but acting dead to scare Christina to death, knowing she is suffering from a serious heart condition. But as soon as Nicole and Michel escape Alfred is there to arrest them. As the movie ends, the same boy who had earlier broken a window breaks another. When asked how he got his slingshot back, the boy says that Christina gave it back to him. A final title screen tells the audience not to reveal the ending to others."] ['Chicago mob boss Rocca manages to get Lester Gillis sprung from jail in Joliet. His motive is to have Gillis kill a labor organizer, but Gillis refuses, preferring to work with Rocca\'s gang on robberies instead. Gillis is relaxing with girlfriend Sue when cops burst in, finding a gun Rocca has planted to frame Gillis for the labor leader\'s murder. Gillis vows revenge, escapes from the cops with Sue\'s help, then guns down Rocca and two henchmen. In a holdup at a pharmacy, Gillis is winged by a gunshot. He goes to Doc Saunders, whose patients include America\'s most wanted criminal, John Dillinger. Acquiring a nickname, "Baby Face Nelson," a grateful Gillis joins up with Dillinger and quickly becomes the FBI\'s second most wanted man. The ruthless Baby Face goes on a shooting spree, even killing innocent motorists just to steal a car. He doesn\'t like playing second fiddle to Dillinger, but after the arch-criminal is shot in Chicago, it becomes Baby Face\'s turn to be public enemy number one. He commits multiple murders, even killing Doc in a fit of anger, and frightens Sue by placing a rifle sight on children. Trapped by a roadblock, Baby Face flees on foot and is shot several times. Stumbling to a graveyard, he pleads with Sue at first, then taunts her, to put him out of his misery, and she does.'] ["The film tells the story of bank teller Mike Donovan  who failed to report a $49,000 shortage from his drawer. He's accused of theft and quickly fired from his job. He is then prevented from finding other employment by insurance investigator Gus Slavin , who is convinced Donovan took the money. Despite many setbacks, Donovan tries to clear his name but even his wife  doesn't think that he'll be able to do it. Turns out the money was heisted by a phony bank examiner and his mole working at the bank ."] ['A struggling painter, Mike Gordon, is unhappy that cafe owner Sam has let a customer, Laurie Durant, purchase one of his works. Mike considers his art worthless and goes to Laurie offering to buy it back. She insists on keeping it, so Mike invites her to dinner instead. Mike falls for Laurie after a romantic night, then is caught off guard when she leaves town without a word. He learns that the painting was mailed to a Dr. Arnold Vincent, but can\'t get the doctor to explain why. A woman he knows, Chris Sherwood, insists on Mike accompanying her to a nightclub. There, to his astonishment, Laurie is the featured singer. The club is owned by Rex Durant, a crippled ex-boxer, and Laurie is his wife. Durant\'s looking for a new fighter to train. He likes the way Mike handles himself when a scuffle occurs. At the gym, it turns out Dr. Vincent works for Durant and is Laurie\'s brother as well. Durant has a hold on Vincent, blaming him for a botched operation that left him in a wheelchair for life. Laurie only stays with Durant so he won\'t sue her brother for malpractice. Adopting the name "Mike Angelo" as a nod to his interest in art, Mike becomes a prizefighter. But he suffers a concussion in a personal disagreement with Costello, one of Durant\'s tough goons. Durant forces him to proceed with a scheduled bout, having discovered the painting and learning Laurie is in love with Mike. Mike is beaten badly in the ring. He manages to rally and win, but collapses and requires brain surgery. Vincent is murdered by Costello, but when Durant\'s wheelchair rolls away into oncoming traffic, he is struck by a car and killed. Mike recovers and leaves boxing forever, Laurie by his side.'] ['Told in flashback by a professor in an interview with a newspaper reporter, this is the story of The Stooges as traveling salesmen trying their best to sell their "Miracle Reducing Machine", which essentially shakes and rattles off the pounds . As luck would have it, the boys stumble on the home of Graves the inventor , who assumes the Stooges are the new caretakers. Graves is on his way to Washington, D.C. to test his new death ray machine, and leaves his eerie spooky mansion in the hands of the trio. Naturally, spies disguised in Halloween costumes show up once Graves departs. The Stooges are on edge the entire time, particularly because mysterious cream pies come flying out of thin air.'] ["Mallabee is a millionaire sugar-cane grower in Cuba who is blames his wife, Lorna, for an accident that has left him in a wheelchair. Lorna has been having an affair with Nick, a piano player in a Havana nightclub. Mallabee secretly is aware of this, having hired a private investigator to follow his wife. The twisted mind of Mallabee has come up with a scheme in which Lorna kills him. She won't do it, but a trusted servant, Valdes, does cause his death by drowning. But the relationship between Nick and Lorna comes to an unhappy end."] ["As the film opens, a man, Frank Johnson , is walking his dog in the city at night. He witnesses a man in a car talking about a crime. The man then gets shot. But whoever shot that man then sees Frank and shoots at him. The shot misses, however, because it is mistakenly aimed at Frank's shadow. The killer then flees in the car. When the police arrive it is explained that the shooting victim was going to testify in a court case against a gangster. Since Frank saw the shooter, the cops now want Frank to testify. They plan to take him into protective custody. But Frank, while the police inspector  has momentarily turned away, gives police the slip, leaving his dog behind. The police think he is running to escape possible retaliation from the mob. So they contact Frank's wife, Eleanor  to solicit her help in finding him. But she suspects he is actually running away from their unsuccessful marriage. Later learning that her husband has a heart condition, Eleanor gets the needed medicine and goes looking for him, aided by a newspaperman, Danny Leggett  who says he is looking for an exclusive story. The two conduct their own investigation, giving only limited aid to the police. But the police remain determined, since they need a trial witness. Eleanor is aided in her search by Frank's efforts to contact her. In a letter left with a mutual contact he gives her cryptic instructions on how they can secretly meet. The instructions require that she remember a significant event from their life together. But she has trouble doing so. As the search continues it is gradually revealed to the audience that Danny the newspaperman is really the killer. He is simply using Eleanor to find Frank. Once Eleanor figures out the cryptic reference, she and Danny go to a beachside amusement park at night and there manage to locate him. Wanting time alone with Frank, ostensibly to get his newspaper story and pay Frank $1,000 for it, Danny puts Eleanor on the roller coaster. As she rides she suddenly realizes what Danny has really been up to. But she is trapped until the ride ends in what becomes the frantic climax of the film. As Eleanor finally gets off the roller coaster, Danny is on the verge of killing Frank. The two fight and shots ring out. Eleanor breathlessly arrives on the scene to discover that the police inspector has just shot the killer. She rushes to her husband and the two embrace."] ["Professional burglar Nat Harbin  and his two associates, Baylock  and Dohmer , set their sights on wealthy spiritualist Sister Sarah , who has inherited a fortune—including a renowned emerald necklace—from a Philadelphia financier. Using Nat's female ward, Gladden , to pose as an admirer and case the mansion where the woman lives, they set up what looks like a perfect break-in; even when Nat's car is spotted by a couple of cops, he bluffs his way through, gets the necklace, and makes the getaway. But the trio—plus Gladden—can't agree on how to dispose of the necklace, and soon their bickering becomes a lot less important than the fact that someone is on to what they've done—a woman  is working on Nat, while a man  is working on Gladden. Equally serious, the trio kills a New Jersey state trooper while on their way to warn her. And among the cops chasing them is one with larceny in his heart and murder on his mind."] ['George Eastman , the poor nephew of rich industrialist Charles Eastman , and no relation to the real-life George Eastman, takes a job in his uncle\'s factory. Despite George\'s family relationship to the owner, the rich Eastman family treats him as an outsider and gives him the humblest job available in the factory and no entry into their exclusive social circle. George, uncomplaining, hopes to impress his uncle—whom he addresses as "Mr. Eastman"—with his hard work and earn his way up. While working in the factory, George starts dating fellow factory worker Alice Tripp , in defiance of the workplace rules. Alice is a poor and inexperienced girl who is dazzled by George and slow to believe that his Eastman name brings him no advantages. While stepping out with Al, George meets "society girl" Angela Vickers, played by Elizabeth Taylor, and they quickly fall in love. Being Angela\'s escort thrusts George into the intoxicating and carefree lifestyle of high society that his rich Eastman kin had denied him. When Alice announces that she is pregnant and makes it clear that she expects George to marry her, he puts her off, spending more and more of his time with Angela and his new well-heeled friends. An attempt to procure an abortion for Alice fails, and she renews her insistence on marriage. George is invited to join Angela at the Vickers\'s holiday lake house and excuses himself to Alice, saying that the visit will advance his career and accrue to the benefit of the coming child. George and Angela spend time at secluded Loon Lake, and after hearing a story of a couple\'s supposed drowning there, with the man\'s body never being found, George hatches a plan to rid himself of Alice so that he can marry Angela. Meanwhile, Alice finds a picture in the newspaper of George, Angela, and their friends, and realizing that George lied to her about being forced to go to the lake, she meets George in the nearby town and threatens to expose everything to his society friends if he doesn\'t marry her. They quickly drive to City Hall to elope but they find it closed for Labor Day, and George suggests spending the day at the nearby lake; Alice unsuspectingly agrees. When they get to the lake, George acts visibly nervous when he rents a boat from a man who seems to deduce that George gave him a false name; the man\'s suspicions are aroused more when George asks him whether any other boaters are on the lake . While they are out on the lake, Alice confesses her dreams about their happy future together with their child. As George apparently takes pity on her and, judging from his attitude, decides not to carry out his murderous plan, Alice tries to stand up in the boat, causing it to capsize, and Alice drowns. George escapes, swims to shore, and eventually drives back up to the Vickers\'s lodge, where he tries to relax but is increasingly tense. He says nothing to anyone about having been on the lake or about what happened there. Meanwhile, Alice\'s body is discovered and her death is treated as a murder investigation almost from the first moment, while an abundant amount of evidence and witness reports stack up against George. Just as Angela\'s father approves Angela\'s marriage to him, George is arrested and charged with Alice\'s murder. Though the audience knows that the planned murder in fact turned into an accidental drowning, George\'s furtive actions before and after Alice\'s death condemn him. His denials are futile, and he is found guilty of murder and sentenced to death in the electric chair. Near the end, he confesses in his cell that he deserves to die because he could have saved Alice, but chose not to.'] ["Handsome, irresponsible cad Johnnie Aysgarth  sweeps dowdy Lina McLaidlaw  off her feet and charms her into running away and marrying him, despite the strong disapproval of her wealthy father, General McLaidlaw . After their honeymoon, they set up housekeeping in extravagant fashion, though she soon learns that Johnnie is broke and was hoping to live off her father's generosity. She persuades him to get a job and he goes to work for his cousin, estate agent Captain Melbeck . Gradually, Lina learns that Johnnie has continued to gamble on the horses, despite his promise to quit, and that he has sold family heirloom chairs given to them as a wedding present to help pay for things. She repeatedly catches him in lies and discovers that he has been caught embezzling and fired from his job, though Melbeck assures her he will not prosecute if the money is repaid. Johnnie's good-natured, if scatterbrained, friend Beaky  tries to reassure her that her husband is a good sort, but without much success. When the general dies, Johnnie is severely disappointed to find that he has left Lina only his portrait &mdash; which is later seen in some infrequently-used living room. He convinces Beaky to finance his next venture, a land development, even though neither of them knows much about the business. Lina tries to talk Beaky out of it, but he trusts his friend completely. Johnnie overhears and warns his wife to stay out of his affairs, but later calls the whole thing off. When Beaky leaves for Paris, Johnnie accompanies him partway. Later, news reaches Lina of Beaky's death in Paris. Johnnie lies to her and an investigating police inspector about remaining in London. This and other details lead Lina to suspect he caused his friend's demise. She begins to fear that her husband is plotting to kill her for her life insurance. He has been questioning her friend Isobel Sedbusk , a writer of mystery novels, about untraceable poisons. Johnnie brings Lina a glass of milk before bed, but she is too afraid to drink it. Needing to get away for a while, she makes up a story to stay with her mother for a few days. Johnnie insists on driving her there. He speeds recklessly in a powerful convertible  on a dangerous road beside a cliff. Suddenly, Lina's door opens. Johnnie reaches for her, his intent unclear to the terrified woman. When she shrinks from him, he stops the car. In the subsequent row, it emerges that Johnnie was actually intending to kill himself. Now however, he has decided that suicide is the coward's way out and is resolved to face his responsibilities and even go to jail for the embezzlement. He was actually in Liverpool at the time of Beaky's death. Her suspicions allayed, Lina tells him that they will face the future together."] ["Usually a law officer is a figure of trust in a small community. Unfortunately for the residents of a small Montana town, Lou Ford is an exception. Behind his easygoing, likeable shell is an intensely violent core resulting from an abusive childhood. In a diner one day Lou sees his dead father and hears voices, the first hint that he may have mental problems. When Lou gets involved with a local prostitute's blackmail schemes, the carefully crafted facade he maintains begins to unravel into a vicious killing spree that leads to a thought-provoking and disturbing conclusion."] ["Lyn Lesley , the bar singer at New York's McKinley Hotel, wonders if airline pilot Jed Towers  will show up. She had ended their six-month relationship with a letter. When Jed does register at the hotel, she explains that she sees no future with him because he lacks an understanding heart. Meanwhile, elevator operator Eddie  introduces his shy niece, Nell Forbes , to guests Peter  and Ruth Jones  as a babysitter for their daughter Bunny . The Joneses go down a function in the hotel's banquet hall. After the child is put to bed, Nell tries on Ruth's lacy negligee, jewelry, perfume and lipstick. Seeing Nell from his room directly opposite, Jed calls her on the telephone, but she is not interested. When Eddie checks up on Nell, he is appalled to find her wearing Ruth's property and orders her to take them off. Eddie tells her she can obtain such luxuries for herself by finding another boyfriend to replace the one who was killed. After Eddie leaves, Nell invites Jed over.  Nell lies to keep Jed believing that she herself is a guest. She is startled when Jed reveals that he is a pilot. She confides that her boyfriend Philip died while flying an airplane to Hawaii. Bunny comes out and unmasks Nell's charade. Furious, Nell shakes the child and orders her back to bed. Jed comforts the crying Bunny and lets her stay up. When Bunny looks out the open window, however, it appears that Nell is considering pushing her out. Though Jed snatches the girl away, the incident is witnessed by long-term hotel resident Emma Ballew . Nell escorts the child to bed, then accuses Bunny of spying on her and implies that something might happen to her favorite toy if she makes any more trouble. Jed has decided to seek Lyn's forgiveness, but Nell begs him not to leave. As he is fending off a kiss from her, Jed sees scars on her wrists. Nell confesses that after Philip died, she tried to kill herself with a razor. When Eddie checks up on Nell after his shift is over, Nell makes Jed hide in the bathroom. Eddie is irate that Nell is still wearing Ruth's things. He orders her to change clothes, then harshly rubs off her lipstick. This enrages Nell, who accuses Eddie of being just like her repressive parents. Then, when he suspects there is someone in the bathroom, she hits him over the head with a heavy object. While Jed tends to Eddie, Nell goes into Bunny's room. A suspicious Emma Ballew , knocks on the door. Fearing for his job, Eddie persuades Jed to hide behind the door, while he slips into the closet. Jed sneaks into Bunny's room. In the dark, he does not notice that the child is now bound and gagged. When the Ballews see him exit from the door of the adjoining room, they assume that Jed had forced his way in and was holding Nell captive. They alert the hotel detective. Nell, who is now so deluded that she believes Jed is Philip, locks Eddie in the closet and goes into Bunny's room. In the bar, Jed tells Lyn about Nell. Lyn is surprised by his concern. Suddenly realizing that Bunny was on the wrong bed, Jed rushes back up. Ruth Jones arrives first and screams when she enters Bunny's room. The two women grapple. Jed pulls Nell away, but she slips away in the confusion when the hotel detective arrives. Eddie admits that Nell had spent the previous three years in a mental institution following her suicide attempt. In the lobby, Nell steals some razor blades. When she is surrounded, she considers using one. Lyn tries to calm her down. Then Jed persuades her to give him the blade. Nell is taken away by the police. Seeing that Jed does have empathy after all, Lyn reconciles with him."] ['This drama film centres on the activities of a gang of assorted criminals and, in particular, their leader – a psychopathic young hoodlum known as "Pinkie" – the film\'s main thematic concern is the criminal underbelly evident in inter-war Brighton. Greene and Terence Rattigan wrote the screenplay for the 1947 film adaptation, produced and directed by John and Roy Boulting, with assistant director Gerald Mitchell. The climax of the film takes place at the Palace Pier, which differs from the novel, the end of which takes place in the nearby town of Peacehaven.'] ["A broke medical student in desperate need of tuition money sells everything he owns to a dishonest professor. When the student's scholarship is suddenly taken from him, he flies into a rage and kills the professor, whom he feels is responsible for his situation. His life then begins to improve, but as the student grows more reckless, police suspicion continues to grow."] ["The plot revolves around Johnny Solo , the owner of the Pink Flamingo club in London's Soho area, and his battles with rival club owner Diamonds Dielli  and the police. When the tough entrepreneur starts getting threats and demands for protection, he fights back. Johnny's girlfriend Midnight Franklin , one of the club's headliners, wants to get him out of the business. In the background are a sadistic client, an underage chorus girl, a wisecracking siren who's not averse to rough trade, a visiting journalist, and a dancer who guards her past. The reporter gets involved in the strip scene while writing a story on the clubs, and in the end he has quite a lot to write about. The competition between the two clubs heats up. Johnny becomes an unknowing instrument in the death of the chorus girl. Midnight informs on him to save his life from the violent blackmailers after him. Both rival clubs head for a crash."] ["A man suffering from a recurring brain injury during the war Steven Kenet , appears to have strangled his wife after catching her living in her boss' apartment. He blacks out while his hands are around the woman's neck. He confesses and is committed to a county asylum. At the asylum, Dr. Ann Lorrison  is initially cynical about Kenet's story and reluctance to undergo treatment. Slowly, she begins to doubt his guilt, and endangers her career when she begins to investigate the crime which eventually leads to another suspect. When Kenet's memory is finally jogged he remembers a clue that could prove his innocence, he escapes from the asylum looking for his wife's old boss Whitcombe . The doctor and patient meet outside his building and sneak in and question the man."] ['Frank Warren is a treasury agent assigned to put an end to the activities of a powerful mob crime boss. The "undercover" agent poses as a criminal to seek out information but is frustrated when all he finds are terrified witnesses and corrupt police officers. Although most informants end up dead, Agent Warren gets critical information about the mob from an unlikely source.'] ['Nan Cooley , the daughter of racketeer Pop Cooley , is in love with The Kid , a shooting gallery showman. Cooley tries to urge him to join the gang, in order to earn enough money to support her in the lifestyle she is accustomed to, but The Kid refuses. Soon her father kills bootlegging chief Blackie ([[Stanley Fields , at the urging of Big Fella Maskal , because Blackie was against Maskal\'s involvement with Blackie\'s gun moll Aggie . After Pop shoots Blackie, he passes the gun to his stepdaughter Nan , thus implicating her in the murder. She naïvely takes the rap for her father, believing the mob will arrange for her acquittal, and is sent to prison. Pop Cooley then tries to convince The Kid to join the gang in order to free Nan, and he does so out of love for her. However, Nan\'s attitude had changed when she was railroaded to prison. When The Kid visits Nan in in prison in a fur coat, she becomes terrified of his involvement with Pop\'s gang after witnessing a fellow inmate\'s mobster boyfriend being gunned down outside the prison gate the day the girl was to go home to him. When Nan is released, having served her term, she wants nothing more to do with the mob. She tries to persuade The Kid to quit the gang, but he refuses. Things go downhill from there. She finds that her father is unrepentant and involved with a loose, gold-digging woman named Pansy . Maskal soon takes a strong liking to Nan and throws her a homecoming party, forcing her to dance with him all evening. When The Kid finally asserts his claim over Nan, Maskal threatens him, then later sends his thugs to kill him, but The Kid successfully disarms them, then goes after Maskal. Terrified her lover will be killed, Nan goes to Maskal to warn him and offers herself to him in exchange for The Kid\'s life. Aggie, now Maskal\'s mistress, shoots him with Nan\'s gun after he leaves her for Nan, and Nan is accused of murder. The Kid then names himself mob chief and escapes with Nan in a car with three of Maskal\'s men, who aim to kill him. Thus events culminate in The Kid and Nan being taken "for a ride" by rival thugs. By racing a train and maintaining high speeds, The Kid keeps himself alive until Nan pulls a gun on the men and disarms them. Dropping the thugs off with "no hard feelings," The Kid tells them he has quit the beer business, and he and Nan drive off.'] ['Millionaire industrialist Walter Williams has a young wife, Irene, who is trying to kill him with the help of her young lover, Jim Torrance. The plan falls apart when Williams survives a hit on the head from the would-be killer. Torrance flees the scene in Williams\' car but dies in a head-on collision. At this point, it is believed that Williams was the driver. The dazed Williams ends up in a small town in Idaho. He gets a job as a service station mechanic and falls in love with Marsha, the station\'s owner. Meanwhile, the police arrest Williams\' wife for his "murder." Marsha eventually persuades Walter to go back to clear his wife, but he is charged with the murder of the lover. That leaves Marsha and a kindly police detective named Quincy scrambling to prove his innocence.'] [" The film opens on a dark, rainy morning at Westgate Prison. Prisoners crammed into a small cell watch through the window as Joe Collins  leaves his term in solitary confinement. Joe is angry and talks about escape. The beleaguered warden is under pressure to improve discipline. His chief of security, Capt. Munsey , is a sadist who manipulates prisoners to inform on one another and create trouble so he can inflict punishment. The often drunk prison doctor ([[Art Smith  warns that the prison is a powder keg and will explode if they are not careful. He denounces Munsey's approach and complains that the public and government officials fail to understand the need for rehabilitation. Joe's attorney visits and tells Joe his wife Ruth  is not willing to have an operation for cancer unless Joe can be there with her. He takes his revenge on fellow inmate Wilson , who at Munsey's instigation had planted a weapon on Joe that earned him a stay in solitary. Joe has organized the brutal attack on Wilson in the prison machine shop but provides himself with an alibi by talking with the doctor in his office while the murder occurs. Joe presses another inmate, Gallagher , to help him escape but Gallagher has a good job at the prison newspaper and Munsey has promised him parole soon. Munsey then instigates a prisoner's suicide, giving higher authorities the opportunity to revoke all prisoner privileges and cancel parole hearings. Gallagher feels betrayed and decides to join Joe's escape plan. Joe and Gallagher plan an assault on the guard tower where they can get access to the lever that lowers a bridge that controls access to the prison. While the escape plan is taking shape, each of the inmates in cell R17 tells a story via flashback. In every case, his love for a woman got him in trouble with the law. Munsey learns the details of the escape plan from an informer, one of the men in cell R17, and the break goes badly. The normally subdued prison yard turns into a violent and bloody riot."] ["The film is set in Fort de France, Martinique, under the Vichy regime in the summer of 1940, shortly after the fall of France. In this exotic location, world-weary fishing-boat captain Harry Morgan  is urged to help the French Resistance smuggle some people onto the island. He refuses, until the client, Johnson , who has been hiring out his fishing boat , is shot before paying him. Gerard, the hotel owner commonly known as Frenchy , asks Harry to rent him his boat for one night to transport some members of the resistance. Broke, Harry ends up smuggling Helene  and Paul de Bursac . Meanwhile, a romance develops between Harry and Marie  Browning , an American wanderer who has come to the island.{{cite news}} After picking up his passengers, Harry is spotted by a patrol boat, and Paul is wounded before they escape. Harry is surprised to find that Marie has stayed in Martinique to be with him. At Frenchy's request, Harry removes the bullet from Bursac's shoulder and learns that the Bursacs have been assigned to help a man escape from Devil's Island. Bursac asks for Harry's assistance, but Harry turns him down.http://www.filmsite.org/toha.html The police recognized Harry's boat the previous night, and they reveal that they have Harry's alcoholic buddy, Eddie , in custody and will coerce him to tell the truth about the boat's cargo. At gunpoint, Harry forces Police Captain Renard  to arrange for Eddie's release and sign harbor passes, so that he can take the Bursacs to Devil's Island. Slim says goodbye to her piano-playing friend Cricket . As soon as Eddie returns, he, Harry, and Marie leave Martinique.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?stid=3190"] ["The film revolves around Davey Gordon , a 29-year-old welterweight New York boxer in the end of his career, and his relationship with his neighbor, taxi dancer Gloria Price , and her violent employer Vincent Rapallo . The drama begins with Davey in his apartment room, mentally preparing for a big fight against Kid Rodriguez. On the other side of the building, across the courtyard, he gazes upon Gloria, an attractive taxi dancer, getting ready for work. As they both walk out of the building, they run into each other, they notice each other but say nothing. Gloria is picked up by her boss Vincent. As Davey is losing his fight, Gloria is dealing with her boss in his office as he tries to kiss her repeatedly. That evening Davey is awakened by screams coming from Gloria's apartment. As he looks across the courtyard, he sees that Gloria is being attacked by Vincent. He runs to her room, but Vincent has made his getaway. Davey comforts Gloria and she goes to sleep comfortable that Davey is in the room to protect her. However, Vincent is not deterred, and proceeds to interfere in their lives. When they decide to leave town, Davey and Gloria arrange to get money they are each owed. Gloria tries to get money from Vincent at the dance hall, and Davey asks his manager to meet him there as well. When a street performer steals Davey's scarf, he chases after him. Davey's manager arrives but does not see Davey. Vincent sends two goons out to rough Davey up, but they mistake the manager for Davey and kill him in the alley. Vincent kidnaps Gloria and has his two goons hold her hostage. Davey returns to Gloria's apartment and sees the police across the courtyard in his apartment. They assume he killed his manager. Davey leaves to rescue Gloria, but he is captured and restrained as well, leading to a chase and confrontation in an abandoned warehouse full of mannequins. During the struggle, Davey kills Vincent and rescues Gloria. He and Gloria are cleared of all charges by the police, and Davey buys a train ticket back to the West Coast. At the train station, Davey assumes she will not join him, but at the last minute, Gloria rushes in, and they kiss."] [' High school student Brendan Frye is living a lonely existence after breaking up with his girlfriend Emily Kostich and betraying his friend Jerr to the authorities. Brendan receives a phone call from a terrified Emily. She begs him to help her, mentioning a "brick", "poor Frisco", "tug", and "the Pin" before abruptly and fearfully hanging up. Her fear appears to have been due to a passing car, from which a distinctive-looking cigarette was thrown. Brendan searches for Emily and arranges a meeting through Dode, leader of a stoner clique that Emily belongs to. When they meet, Emily recants what she had said on the phone and tells Brendan to let her go. Brendan steals her notepad during the encounter, finding a clue that leads him to her dead body. Brendan takes it upon himself to solve her murder, enlisting the aid of an acquaintance named Brain. Brendan hides the body to avoid police intrusion. Brendan discovers that "The Pin" mentioned by Emily is a local drug baron. Brendan sets about getting The Pin\'s attention by beating up Brad Bramish, an arrogant jock and The Pin\'s regular customer. Afterwards, Brendan is beaten up by an unknown man. Brendan meets The Pin and persuades him to consider Brendan for a spot in his operation. Laura, Brad\'s squeeze, tells Brendan that The Pin had rejected Emily\'s attempt to join, so she stole the title\'s brick. Laura offers to help Brendan, but he does not trust her. The Pin accepts Brendan. Brendan gets a call from Dode, who says he saw Brendan hide Emily\'s body and, believing Brendan to be the murderer, vows to ruin him. Brendan meets with The Pin, who suspects an uprising from Tug, the gang member who had earlier beat up Brendan. Brain learns that "poor Frisco" is Frisco Farr, a student who fell into a coma after injecting poorly-cut heroin. Brendan learns from Tug that The Pin initially received a shipment of ten bricks. He has sold eight. The ninth was stolen and replaced with one that had been doctored with detergent, causing Frisco\'s coma. The Pin interrupts to tell Tug about meeting someone who knows what happened to Emily. Brendan, weakened from several recent fistfights, intercepts Dode before the meeting and discovers Emily was pregnant when she died. Dode tries to tell Tug and The Pin that Brendan killed Emily, but Tug goes berserk and shoots Dode in the head. Tug then threatens The Pin, who walks away as Brendan faints due to internal bleeding. Brendan awakens in Tug\'s bedroom, then Tug says he\'s at war with The Pin. Brendan arranges a meeting between Tug and The Pin. Brendan sleeps with Laura, noticing that she smokes the distinctive cigarettes he had seen after Emily\'s first phone call. At the meeting, chaos erupts when it is discovered that the tenth brick is missing. Tug beats The Pin to death while Brendan flees, escaping just as police arrive. As he goes he passes the trunk of Tug\'s car, where Emily\'s body is visible because he had hidden her there before the meeting to ensure that police pin her murder on Tug. The next day, Brendan reveals to Laura that he knows she set Emily up to take the fall for Laura\'s theft of the ninth brick. She further manipulated Emily into meeting Tug, letting him believe he was responsible for Emily\'s pregnancy. It is revealed that Laura later stole the tenth brick. Brendan tells Laura he has put the truth in a note to Vice Principal Trueman, who finds the brick in Laura\'s locker. Laura vindictively tells Brendan that Emily expressed regret that she couldn\'t keep her pregnancy because she didn\'t love the prospective father, and that Emily was three months pregnant when she died, implying that the baby was his. The film ends with Brendan watching Laura as she walks away.'] ["New York City 16th Precinct Police Detective Dixon , who's in trouble with his superiors for his heavy-handed tactics, subjects murder suspect and gambler Ken Paine ([[Craig Stevens  to the third degree - he strikes the drunken Paine in self-defense and accidentally kills him. Paine, however, had a silver plate in his head, a fine war record, and newspaper friends. Dixon then dumps Paine's body in the river, and is later assigned to find his killer. Dixon tries to place the blame on an old gangster enemy, Tommy Scalise , yet, he inadvertently places the blame for the killing on cab driver Jiggs Taylor . Having fallen in love with Jiggs' daughter and Paine's estranged wife, Morgan Taylor-Paine , Dixon tries to clear the cabbie without implicating himself, but ultimately he becomes trapped in a web created by himself. The 16th Precinct commander, Detective Lt. Thomas , Dixon's boss, is convinced that Morgan's father is the killer. Dixon continues to find a way to stop Jiggs from being found guilty of murdering Paine, and also tries to redeem himself. In an attempt to move the evidence away from Morgan's father and blame Scalise, Dixon comes face to face with the gangster and his cronies. A shoot-out leaves Dixon wounded, but the police arrive to arrest Scalice and his mob. Jiggs is finally cleared of the charges. At the end Dixon reassesses his life and decides to confess. He's arrested and goes to jail. He's satisfied that Morgan will wait for him until his release."] ['Maddalena Anna Paradine  is a very beautiful and enigmatic young foreign woman living in London who is accused of poisoning her older, blind husband, a retired military man. It is not clear at first whether perhaps she is a grateful and devoted wife who has been falsely accused, or whether she is in fact a calculating and ruthless femme fatale. Mrs. Paradine hires Anthony Keane , a brilliant and successful barrister, to defend her in court. Although Keane has been happily married for 11 years, he instantly becomes deeply infatuated with this exotic, mysterious, and fascinating client. Keane\'s kind-hearted wife Gay  sees his infatuation, and although her husband offers to get off the case, she presses him to continue. She knows that a guilty verdict, followed by Paradine\'s hanging, will mean that she will lose her husband emotionally forever. The only way that she can regain her husband\'s love and devotion is if he is able to obtain a "not guilty" verdict for Mrs. Paradine. Meanwhile Keane himself starts to focus his legal efforts on Colonel Paradine\'s mysterious servant, Andre Latour . Consciously or unconsciously, Keane sees Latour as a suitable scapegoat on whom he can pin the crime of murder, but this strategy backfires. After Keane has pressured Latour in court, hoping to trigger an angry outburst, word comes that Latour has killed himself. Anna Paradine is coldly furious that Keane has destroyed Latour, who was in fact her lover. On the witness stand she tells Keane she hates him, and that he has killed the only person she loved. She goes so far as to say that she murdered her husband in order to be with Latour. Keane is overwhelmed, physically, intellectually and emotionally. Attempting to sum up, he improvises a brief and faltering speech, admitting how poorly he has handled the case, but cannot continue speaking and has to leave the court. He goes home to his wife feeling that his career is in ruins, but she gives him hope for the future.'] ["As the film begins, a priest is shot dead on a Bridgeport, Connecticut street at night. The police, led by Chief Robinson  fail to immediately find the murderer. It soon becomes a political football, with the police accused of incompetence, and the city's reform-minded administration comes under attack. Robinson and the prosecutor Henry Harvey  come under severe pressure by political leaders to find the killer or bring in outside help. After strenuous efforts yield nothing, a vagrant ex-serviceman, John Waldron  is apprehended. He is interrogated for two days by police until, deprived of sleep, he confesses. The evidence seems solid, and a gun in his possession is believed to be the gun that was used in the shooting. Harvey, however, is not convinced. He investigates the evidence and the witnesses, then risks his reputation and incurs the wrath of the police and the public in proposing that the defendant is innocent, while he and his wife  are also being threatened by a businessman named Harris. In court, even though he is the prosecutor, Harvey lays out the flaws in the case before the judge. The charges are dismissed. A sub-plot involving Paul Harris and his involvement in a property under consideration for sale to the city - at a price Harris desperately needs to keep himself afloat - also has a prominent place in the film. Harris tries to blackmail Harvey by threatening to destroy his wife - a City Council member - unless he supports the sale and sits idle, allowing Waldron to be convicted. When a reporter gets wind of the double-dealing and threatens Harris with exposure, Harris commits suicide in the courtroom."] ["Jacob Asch  is hired by Gerald McMurty  to find his ex-wife Laine and their son in Palm Springs. Jacob finds Laine and a teenager named Donnie who may or may not be Gerald's son. He also finds an intricate web of deceit and betrayal that begin to lead to death. He takes it upon himself to unravel the mystery and find out who is killing people and why. Johnny Depp appeared as Donnie Fleischer, the missing insightful rich son of McMurty who only wants to be loved. The film was set and shot in Palm Springs, California.Palm Springs Desert Cities Virtual Film Office: Filmed in the Desert Cities"] ["James Curtayne  has retired from law, but he returns to defend John O'Hara  on a murder charge. Curtayne's drinking and rustiness result in O'Hara being found guilty, but Curtayne makes further efforts to prove him innocent."] ['Sandra Carpenter  is an American who came to London to perform in a show but now is working as a taxi dancer. She is upset to find out that a friend, a dancer named Lucy Barnard , is missing and believed to be the latest victim of the notorious "Poet Killer," who lures victims with ads in the newspaper\'s personal columns and sends poems to taunt the police. Scotland Yard Inspector Harley Temple  asks if Sandra would be willing to work undercover to help find her missing friend and the killer. He sees first-hand how observant she is and gives her a temporary police identification card and a gun. Sandra is asked to answer personal ads, with a Yard officer named H.R. Barrett  always nearby, just in case. By coincidence she meets the dashing man-about-town nightclub owner Robert Fleming , who at first wished to hire her for his stage revue but now wants to pursue a romance. In the meantime, Sandra answers an ad placed by Charles van Druten , a former fashion designer who is now mentally imbalanced. Her bodyguard Barrett has to come to her rescue. She also needs to be saved, this time by Fleming, from a mysterious figure named Mr. Moryani . He apparently recruits young women and whisks them off to South America by offering them a promising opportunity in a new land while, in reality, having something more sinister in mind. Fleming shares a stately home with Julian Wilde , his business partner and best friend. Fleming ultimately does win Sandra\'s heart, even becoming engaged to her. Inspector Temple thanks her for her efforts and even agrees to come to their engagement party. During the party at the beautiful home where she will soon live, however, Sandra accidentally discovers evidence that links Fleming to the Poet Killer\'s crimes, including a distinctive bracelet worn by her friend Lucy. Fleming is placed under arrest. Circumstantial evidence mounts up, although he adamantly denies any involvement in the crime. Sandra believes him, but the Yard does not. Lucy\'s body is found in the river. Wilde assures his incarcerated friend that he will hire the best possible attorney and do everything possible to clear him. It occurs to Inspector Temple that it is actually Wilde who fancies poetry and is in a position to have been the killer. Just before he can flee, Wilde is visited by Sandra at home. He is secretly obsessed with her, just as he possibly was with the other women he abducted. Wilde at first expresses his desire for Sandra, then removes his scarf and prepares to strangle her. Scotland Yard\'s men break through the windows to rescue her just in time. Fleming is set free, and he and Sandra toast with champagne to better days ahead.'] ['Kathy Ferguson  is a San Francisco newspaper advice columnist. One day, Bill Doyle , a Los Angeles police detective, and his partner Charlie Alidos  travel to "Frisco" to arrest a fugitive wanted for murder. He meets Kathy and they fall in love. Kathy had been offered a big job in New York City, but she abandons her career, marries Doyle and moves to Los Angeles. Her new role as a 1950s suburban wife and homemaker quickly makes her unhappy. She wants her husband to move up in the world. She wants him to have the same kind of ambition she had in her last job, to become "somebody." Doyle has different values. He works in order to afford a comfortable lifestyle, no more. Kathy schemes to push her husband up the ladder by any means necessary. She manipulates his boss Tony Pope , who has an ailing wife , to sleep with her. She wants Pope to promote her husband, but he is not so easily manipulated. He refuses to grant Doyle a plum job, believing he\'s not qualified. Dropping by the police station, she steals a gun used in a crime her husband is investigating. Kathy then confronts Pope in his home and pleads that he not grant Charlie Alidos the promotion. Pope refuses so she coldly shoots him. Doyle is assigned to Pope\'s murder investigation and all trails lead to his wife. When Bill confronts Kathy, she tells him, "Now I\'ll know just how much of a cop you really are." Bill responds, "The same cop, Kathy. The same cop you met in Frisco. Same cop I was 10 years ago, pounding a beat. The same cop." Bill Doyle then takes Kathy Doyle to police headquarters to be booked for murder.'] ['Ex-Major Frank McCloud  arrives at the Hotel Largo in Key Largo, Florida, where he meets the proprietors James Temple  and Nora Temple . James Temple was the father-in-law of widow Nora Temple. George Temple was Nora Temple\'s husband and James Temple\'s son. George died in Italy, during WWII, where he was in Frank\'s unit. Due to the lateness of the season, and because of an approaching hurricane, the hotel is nearly empty, with only five guests: the dapper Toots , the boorish Curly , stone-faced Ralph , servant Angel , and an attractive woman, Gaye Dawn , who has a drinking problem. They claim to have come down to the Florida Keys for a fishing trip with a mysterious sixth man who spends all his time in his room upstairs. Rebuffing Curly\'s attempts to engage him in conversation, Frank meets with Nora and Mr. Temple and tells them where Temple\'s son George is buried and of his heroism under fire overseas. Nora, in particular, seems taken with Frank, who she says her husband wrote about frequently. The three begin preparing the hotel for the coming hurricane, but are interrupted by Sheriff Ben Wade  and his deputy, Sawyer , who are looking for the Osceola brothers, a pair of Native Americans who escaped from custody after being arrested on minor charges. Temple promises the lawmen that he will use his influence with the local Indians to get the boys to surrender. Soon after the police leave, the local Seminoles show up seeking shelter at the hotel. With the storm coming on, Curly, Ralph, Angel and Toots pull guns and take the Temples and Frank hostage. They reveal the sixth member of their party as being their boss, notorious gangster Johnny Rocco , who had been exiled to Cuba some years before for being an undesirable alien. The gang had discovered Sawyer looking about and knocked him unconscious. As they are held at gunpoint, Mr. Temple lets go a stream of insults toward Rocco, who responds by taunting Temple, explaining how he will one day return to prominence. At one point Rocco gives Frank a pistol and offers to fight a duel with him, but Frank declines, stating that he believes in self-preservation over heroics and that "one Rocco more or less isn\'t worth dying for." Sawyer grabs the gun and tries to escape but is shot and killed by Rocco, after which it is discovered that the gun Rocco gave Sawyer was not loaded. Rocco intends to hold the Temples and Frank hostage until his American contacts arrive to conclude a deal. As the storm rages, the Seminoles, usually sheltered in the hotel in storms, huddle outside as Rocco and his company worry about storm damage and insist the Indians stay outside. Rocco forces Gaye, his ex-moll, to sing for them and then berates her for her poor performance and fading looks. Nora reveals to Frank that she knows that the story he told earlier about her husband\'s heroism was false and that Frank was the real hero. Mr. Temple invites Frank to come live with them at the hotel, a prospect that seems to intrigue Nora. After the storm subsides, Ben Wade shows up looking for Sawyer, who had telephoned from the hotel before the hurricane. Mr. Temple is forced by Rocco to lie and say he hasn\'t seen him, but as Wade is leaving he discovers Sawyer\'s corpse floating in the water nearby . Rocco lies and blames the killing on the Osceola brothers, who Wade confronts and kills. After Wade leaves, Rocco\'s contact Ziggy  arrives to carry out the deal. Rocco sells Ziggy a large amount of counterfeit money and then forces Frank, who has skills as a seaman, to take him and his henchmen back to Cuba on a small boat belonging to the hotel . Nora and Gaye try to convince Frank to make a break for safety once he is outside the hotel, but he agrees to take the men to Cuba. Gaye appears to make a last-ditch attempt to convince Rocco to take her with him and uses the embrace to steal Rocco\'s gun, which she passes to Frank surreptitiously. Out on the ocean, Frank manages to knock Ralph overboard and then kills the other gangsters, receiving a minor wound himself. He radios for help and pilots the boat back to Key Largo, much to the delight of Nora.'] ["A lodge in Kanab, Utah is where Los Angeles lawyer David Hewson goes for a peaceful vacation. He quickly is attracted to Beth Dixon, a switchboard operator and a former personal assistant to lodge owner Edmund Parry. The murder of playgirl Marsha Morgan, her throat cut, disrupts the peace and quiet. Sheriff Holmes begins the investigation, starting with the wheelchair-bound Parry, who admits to hating the dead woman, and Parry's possessive sister Julia, who helps him run the lodge. It turns out David once dated Morgan as well. A new guest, Joseph Felton, checks in. The sheriff's suspects also include guests Norman Grant, a drunken actor, and his ambitious girlfriend, Harriet Ames. A missing kitchen knife believed to be the murder weapon is found by Indian Joe, who works at the lodge. Beth eavesdrops on a phone call Felton makes from his room. Felton is later found killed by a gunshot, and it turns out he was a private detective. David becomes more and more convinced that the Parrys are behind all this. Ames is seen kissing Edmund Parry, which doesn't please Edmund's sister or Grant. To his shock, David arrives as Beth holds a knife to Julia Parry's bloody throat, claiming to have stabbed her in self-defense. It turns out, however, that Edmund had hired the investigator Felton to follow the psychologically disturbed Beth, who is responsible for all the murders."] ["A dead man tumbles down a flight of stairs. When the police arrive at the top-floor apartment of Joe Adams, he shoots at them through the door. The sheriff calls in reinforcements and sets up snipers on nearby rooftops. Adams, in his room, begins a recollection of the events leading up to this, beginning with his first chance encounter with Jo Ann, who works in a flower shop. It turns out they had been raised in the same orphanage. Finding her behavior suspicious, he follows her to a nightclub where Maximilian the Great is performing a magic act on stage. At the bar, Joe gets to know Charlene, who recently quit as Max's assistant. Max claims to be Jo Ann's long-lost father. She was picked out of the audience one night by Charlene and brought on stage to take part in the act, then continued a relationship. Jo Ann fiercely denies to Joe, however, that Max is related to her. In fact, she insists that she had to physically fend off Max's romantic advances to her. The two women have feelings for Joe but leave him mystified, particularly when both appear to have received exactly the same brooch from Max as a gift. He is not sure whom to trust, and when Max comes to his apartment to kill him, Joe shoots first, sending Max falling to his death. Police are about to smoke him out with tear gas when Jo Ann arrives. She manages to talk Joe into giving himself up, promising to wait for him if he is sent away to prison."] ["Although injured in combat, Matt Jameson returns home from Korea safely and works in California as an engineer. He is unhappily married to Nina, an alcoholic, and is attracted to his boss's secretary, Liz. Vince Biskay, a friend from the Marines whose life Matt saved, turns up with a risky but tempting offer. He knows of a Central America dictator whose shipment of $3.5 million for illegal weapons is being transported to the U.S. If they can intercept it, Matt and Vince could turn it in to law authorities and split the reward. A gun battle erupts at the San Francisco airport, with the dictator's thugs trying to protect the loot. Vince is shot. Matt takes him and their stolen money home, where Vince recovers while a drunken Nina makes a pass at him. Matt orders him to leave once he realizes VInce intends to keep the money, not return it. Nina then has a fatal accident that a desperate Matt tries to cover up. He is found and beaten by the Central American thugs, looking for their money. Vince has it, but comes to an unhappy end of the road. Matt ends up with Liz, feeling lucky to get out of this dangerous situation alive."] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} Writer, ex-con and 40-something bottle-baby Tim Madden, who is prone to blackouts, awakens from a two-week bender to discover a pool of blood in his car, a blond woman\'s severed head in his marijuana stash, and the new Provincetown, Massachusetts police chief, Captain Luther Regency, shacked up with his former girlfriend Madeleine. As his father Dougy helps try to unravel the mystery, Madden is dogged by the psychotic Capt. Regency, who has it in for him because a car crash that he was involved in with Madeline has left her unable to have children. Flashing back, Madden remembers the time when he encouraged Madeline to swing with a Li\'l Abnerish couple from down South, the fundamentalist preacher Big Stoop and his Daisy Mae-ish wife, Patty Lareine, whose ad Tim had come across in Screw magazine. It is on the trip back that the car crash occurs, Madeline incensed along the way that Tim has so enjoyed Patty Lareine\'s charms. Except for his father, who is dying of cancer, Tim suspects everyone, including Patty Lareine, multi-millionaire prep-school pal Wardley Meeks III — and even himself — of murder. Patty Lareine had left Big Stoop, married Wardley, left him in a messy divorce which netted her a rich cash settlement, and in turn married Tim, whom she fancied. Patty Lareine disappears, and Tim goes on his fatal bender that has left his memory in shards after receiving a letter from Madeline informing him that her husband is having an affair with his wife. Tim remembers his assignation in the local tavern\'s parking lot with the blond porn star Jessica Pond, while her effete husband Lonnie Pangborn watched from the sidelines, distraught. It was Jessica\'s head in the Hefty bag with his grass, but soon another head turns up in his marijuana stash, that of Patty Lareine. We eventually learn that she and Wardley, a bisexual skewed towards the gay side, had been involved in a massive marijuana deal, one that also involved Pond and Pangborn, who are also missing. Will Tim be able to get to the bottom of the mystery and save himself from another stretch in stir? As Dougy reminds him, "Tough guys don\'t dance," and Tim has been doing everything but the Charlston in his attempt to keep ahead of the forces closing in on him.'] ['{{Hatnote}} In Los Angeles, November 2019, retired police officer Rick Deckard  is detained by officer Gaff  and brought to meet with his former supervisor, Bryant . Deckard, whose job as a "Blade Runner" was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and "retire"  them, is told by Bryant that several have escaped and come to Earth illegally. As Tyrell Corporation Nexus-6 models, they have only a four-year lifespan, and may have come to Earth to try to extend their lives. Deckard watches a video of another Blade Runner named Holden  administering a "Voight-Kampff" test designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their empathic response to questions. The subject of the test, Leon , shoots Holden. Bryant wants Deckard to return to work to retire Leon and three other replicants—Roy Batty , Zhora  and Pris . Deckard refuses, but after Bryant makes an overt threat, he reluctantly agrees. Sent to the Tyrell Corporation to ensure that the test works on Nexus-6 models, Deckard discovers that Tyrell\'s  assistant Rachael  is an experimental replicant who believes herself to be human; Rachael\'s consciousness has been enhanced with false memories to provide an "emotional cushion". As a result, a more extensive test is required to determine if she is a replicant. Trying to find a way to meet with Tyrell, Roy and Leon go to the eye-manufacturing laboratory of Chew , forcing him to divulge the identity of J.F. Sebastian , a gifted designer who works closely with Tyrell. Rachael visits Deckard at his apartment to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo. Dropping the photo to the floor, Rachael leaves in tears after Deckard tells her that her memories are only implants taken from a real person. Sent by Roy, Pris meets and gains the confidence of Sebastian at his apartment, where he lives with manufactured companions. While searching Leon\'s apartment, Deckard finds a photo of Zhora, and a synthetic snake scale that leads him to a strip club where Zhora works. Deckard retires Zhora, and shortly after is told by Bryant to add Rachael, who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation headquarters, to his list of retirements. Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd but is disarmed and attacked by Leon, who saw him kill Zhora. Rachael kills Leon using Deckard\'s gun, and the two return to Deckard\'s apartment, where he promises not to hunt her. Later they share an intimate moment; Rachael then tries to leave, but Deckard seduces her. Arriving at Sebastian\'s apartment, Roy tells Pris the others are dead. Sympathetic to their plight, Sebastian reveals that because of a genetic disorder that accelerates his aging, his life will also be cut short. Under a pretext, Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrell\'s secure penthouse, where Roy demands more life from his maker. Told that this has proved to be impossible, Roy confesses that he has done "questionable things". Tyrell dismisses Roy\'s guilt, praising Roy\'s advanced design and his accomplishments. Responding "Nothing the god of biomechanics wouldn\'t let you into heaven for", Roy kisses Tyrell, then kills him. Sebastian runs for the elevator followed by Roy, who rides the elevator down alone. Upon entering Sebastian\'s apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Pris, but manages to kill her just as Roy returns. Roy fights Deckard without using his full strength against him. Eventually Deckard is hanging from a rooftop. Just as he is about to fall, Roy saves him. His life ending, Roy delivers a monologue on how his memories are about to be lost and dies in front of Deckard, who watches silently. Gaff arrives and, referring to Rachael, shouts to Deckard "It\'s too bad she won\'t live, but then again, who does?" Deckard returns to his apartment to find Rachael alive and sleeping in his bed; as they leave, Deckard finds a small tin-foil unicorn, a calling card left by his origami-making partner Gaff. Depending on the version, Deckard and Rachael either leave the apartment block to an uncertain future, or drive through an idyllic pastoral landscape.'] ['Crooked political boss Paul Madvig  is determined to back reform candidate Ralph Henry  for governor after falling in love with Henry\'s daughter, Janet . Madvig\'s right hand man, Ed Beaumont , believes the move is a big mistake and rightly distrusts Janet\'s motives. She is only playing along at her father\'s request; she is put off by Madvig\'s crudity and becomes very attracted to the more eclectic Beaumont. He fends off her advances out of strong loyalty to his friend. The deluded Madvig boasts that Henry has practically given him the key to his house; Beaumont warns him that it is liable to be a glass key, one that can break at any moment. When Madvig tells gangster Nick Varna  that he is cleaning up the city and that Varna will no longer receive protection from the police, Beaumont grows even more concerned. Complicating matters further, Henry\'s ne\'er-do-well son, Taylor , owes Varna for gambling debts, while Madvig\'s young sister, Opal , is in love with Taylor. When Madvig finds out, Opal fears what he will do to her boyfriend. Beaumont later finds Taylor\'s lifeless body. Madvig is the prime suspect, much to Varna\'s delight. When Varna hears that Beaumont and Madvig have split over the Henry mess, he also tries to recruit Beaumont. Beaumont turns him down, so Varna has him brutally beaten repeatedly by sadistic henchman Jeff  to torture him into revealing details of corruption to the editor of the newspaper Varna controls. Beaumont contrives an escape and is hospitalized. When Beaumont recovers, he learns that Varna has found a "witness" to Taylor Henry\'s killing, a man named Sloss . Madvig has Sloss brought to his office, but Sloss is gunned down before he can talk. As a result, Madvig is held in jail. Beaumont finds a somewhat drunk Jeff in a bar and tries to pump him for information in a back room. Just as Jeff starts to talk, Varna shows up and brusquely orders him to shut up. When Beaumont disarms Varna, a fed-up Jeff strangles his boss. After Jeff is finished, Beaumont gets the waiter to call the police to arrest Jeff. Having finally guessed who killed Taylor Henry, Beaumont persuades District Attorney Farr  to arrest Janet. As Beaumont had hoped, her father confesses he struggled with his son, causing Taylor to fall and strike his head. Afterwards, Madvig overhears Janet tell Beaumont that she loves him and that she knows he loves her. Seeing that it is true, Madvig gives the couple his blessing .'] ['Dick Tracy , a supremely intelligent police detective, must solve a series of brutal murders in which the victims, all from different social and economic backgrounds, are viciously slashed to pieces by the one known as Splitface. Suspects flourish but Tracy must find the common link of extortion and revenge before more are killed.'] ["A San Francisco delivery man, Eddie Miller, struggles with his hatred of women. He's especially bothered by seeing women with their lovers. Miller knows he's sick, and out of despair, he self-inflicts burns on his right hand by holding it over a stove. The doctor treating the wound in an emergency room suspects he might need psychological help, but then gets too busy to follow through. Miller begins a killing spree as a sniper by shooting women from far distances. In an attempt to get caught, he writes an anonymous letter to the police begging them to stop him. As the killings continue, a psychologist has the keys  to finding the killer. The film is unusual in that its ending is completely non-violent, despite its genre and expectations raised throughout."] ["Brad Collins , a San Francisco shipping executive  who recently married Nan Lowry Collins  after a brief courtship, was once involved with Communism in New York, while a stevedore during the Depression. Shortly after returning home following their honeymoon, the couple meet Christine Norman , an old flame of Collins. Nan immediately dislikes her. Collins becomes the target of a Communist cell and its leader, Vanning , who orders the murder of an alleged FBI informer drowned after a brief interrogation. After threatening to reveal Collins' responsibility for a murder as well as his communist past, Vanning orders the executive to sabotage the shipping industry in the San Francisco Bay by resisting union demands in a labor dispute. He claims it is impossible to leave the Communist Party. Meanwhile Norman, bitter over Collins's earlier rejection, is ordered to become closer to his brother-in-law Don Lowry  by indoctrinating him with their Communist world view. Norman, though, genuinely falls in love with Lowry, with Vanning claiming that she is not meant to be so emotional. A friend of Collins and former boyfriend of Nan, union leader Jim Travers  cannot understand why Collins has become unreasonable to deal with. Travers is concerned about the possibility of the small number of communists in the union being able to take it over, and suspects Norman of being a communist, or at least a fellow traveler. He discusses this with Lowry, who is a new colleague. Lowry denies Norman's politics, apparently still free of communist ideology, or an awareness of where his, by now, future wife's friends are coming from politically. She confesses when confronted, but after Lowry rejects her she shows him a photograph of herself with Collins/Johnson and reveals his communist past. Vanning interrupts them. Angry with Christine for breaking orders, she was supposed to be in Seattle for another two days on her day job as a photographer, he tries to lean on Lowry because he is now able to expose the influence the party has regained over Collins. Lowry travels to the Collins's residence to inform them of what he has learned, but is run over by a car driven by the communist hit man J.T Arnold  who had observed the earlier killing with Collins. Nan, previously informed by Norman that her brother is in danger, tries to convince her husband that Lowry's killing was not an accident. He pretends to be unconvinced. Confronting Christine, Nan is told of her husband's past, and Christine  informs her that Bailey ([[William Talman  was probably responsible for Lowry's death. Preparing a suicide note, Christine is interrupted by Vanning, who thinks this is a good solution, but wishes to keep politics out of it, and destroys her confession of communist involvement. It is unclear if she does commit suicide, or whether she is thrown out of the high window. Intent on revenge, Nan befriends Bailey at the fairground where he has legitimate employment, and goes off with him. The hit man is saved when she is identified, and Nan is kidnapped and taken to the hidden local communist headquarters in Arnold's warehouse. Collins tracks his wife down to this location, and by threatening Arnold with a gun, is able to gain admittance. In a shootout, Bailey and Vanning are killed, and Collins fatally injured. In his last moments Nan says she still loves him."] ["An American pulp novelist, Mark Kendrick , meets his rich neighbors across the lake and is soon seduced by beautiful blonde Carol , the wife of the older Forrest . Forrest is badly injured when his boat has an accident in the fog, and Carol throws him overboard. After first refusing to go along with her attempt to call it an accident, Kendrick agrees when they plan to meet in a month's time and live off her dead husband's money. But when the coroner calls the death an accident, she secretly marries another old flame three weeks later and changes residences. When Kendrick finds out about the betrayal he angrily confronts her and she sneers at him that she only used him and that there's nothing he could do about it. Mark confesses, knowing that doing so would only mean a prison sentence for him."] ["Joe  and Paul Fabrini  are independent truck drivers who have their own small, one-truck business. The Fabrini boys constantly battle distributors, rivals and loan collectors, while trying to make a success of their transport company. Overworked Paul falls asleep at the wheel causing an accident that costs him his right arm. Meanwhile, Joe is romancing a local waitress Cassie , but is being seduced by Lana Carlsen , the wife of trucking executive Ed Carlsen . Lana, now in love with Joe, murders her husband and makes it look like an accident. She then offers Joe one half interest as a partner in Carlsen's organization. Initially bitter, Paul eventually gets over his self pity and returns to work after Joe is made partner of the company, now as a dispatcher for the Fabrinis' company. Joe accepts but turns away from Lana's sexual advances and says he plans to marry Cassie. This enrages Lana who then accuses Joe of plotting Carlsen's murder. However, eventually, the tide turns when Lana becomes hysterical on the witness stand and breaks down and confesses everything. The case is dismissed because the only witness  is insane and Joe reunites with Cassie."] ['Lilli is one of three backing singers for a touring Elvis impersonator until she is fired. Then, left alone at the beginning of winter she is stranded in a ramshackle beach town on the windswept coast of New South Wales. This remote, working class, tourist-town has a pervasive sense of rootlessness and movement. The people survive by changing their occupations with the seasons and work hard in small businesses. Here, stuck in the Mermaid Caravan Park, she encounters her teenage daughter Ally . When Lilli\'s young surfer husband had died, she felt lost; she gave up her baby to her mother-in-law, Bet. Lilli has been drifting ever since, and getting wasted. Bet is a rowdy, belligerent woman, devoted to Ally - she has taken care of her for 13 years but she has no idea how unhappy the girl is. Lilli has an immediate rapport with the lonely Ally even before she knows that Ally is her daughter, and after she knows, she can\'t take her eyes off her. They belong with each other. but Lilli\'s terrified of taking on the responsibilities of motherhood, and Bet tells her she\'s riff-raff. When we first see Ally she is in the water; surfing is - "her refuge from the noisy junkiness of life with Bet. Bet isn\'t a monster, she\'s simply the wrong person to be raising the pensive Ally, whose emotions are hidden away, like her mother\'s. The drama is in our feeling that Lilli must not leave her daughter in the embrace of this raucous old trouper." Pauline Kael, Hooked ISBN 0-7145-2903-6'] ["Detective Mike Conovan  investigates when a former partner is found murdered and carrying $1,000 in cash. Out to dispel a theory that the dead cop was secretly in cahoots with crooks, Conovan's trail leads to a stripper, Lili , whose ex-boyfriend Turk  has apparently pulled off a robbery with a man named Lafe . Conovan tracks down Lafe and places him under arrest, but just outside the police station, gun shots ring out, killing Lafe and wounding the detective. Conovan is convinced by his wife Gloria  that police work is too dangerous. He agrees and tenders his resignation. Lili calls headquarters with a tip for Conovan on where Turk can be found. Detective Fred Piper  intercepts the messge, investigates it himself and is gunned down. Conovan concludes that Lili has been double-crossing him, secretly helping Turk all along. Over the objections of his wife, he gets his old job back with the police force. Turk attempts to pull off an armed robbery, but Conovan gives chase. His vehicle crashes into Turk's, causing it to catch fire. Turk confesses to the murders before he dies."] ["After a fight with his wife on their anniversary, Scott Henderson ([[Alan Curtis , a 32-year-old engineer, picks up an equally unhappy woman in a bar and they take a taxi to see a show. The woman refuses to tell him anything about herself. The star of the show, Estela Monteiro , becomes furious when she notices that both she and the mystery woman are wearing the same unusual hat. When Henderson returns home, he finds Police Inspector Burgess  and two of his men waiting to question him; his wife has been strangled with one of his neckties. Henderson has a solid alibi, but the bartender, taxi driver and Monteiro deny seeing the phantom lady. Henderson cannot even clearly describe the woman. He is tried and sentenced to death. Carol Richman , a loyal secretary secretly in love with her boss, sets out to exonerate him. She starts with the bartender. She sits in the bar night after night, staring at and unnerving him. Finally, she follows him home one night. When he confronts her on the street, some bystanders step in to restrain him. He breaks free, runs into the street and is run over. Later, Burgess offers to help ; he has become convinced that only a fool or an innocent man would have stuck to such a weak alibi. Burgess provides her with information about the drummer at the show, Cliff , who had tried to make eye contact with the mystery lady. Richman dresses gaudily and goes to the show. Rhythmic inter-cutting between Cliff's frantic drumming  and the leering responses of Richman leads to them going back to his apartment. Somewhat drunk, he brags that he was paid $500 for his false testimony. However, he becomes suspicious and finds a piece of paper with details about him. Richman manages to escape, leaving her purse behind. After she has gone, the real murderer, Henderson's best friend Jack Marlow , shows up at the apartment and strangles Cliff. Marlow, supposedly away on a job in South America, pretends to return to help Richman. She tracks down Monteiro's hatmaker, Kettisha . One of her employees admits to copying the hat for a regular customer and provides her name and address. With Burgess away on another case, Richman and Marlow go to see Ann Terry . They discover her under the care of Dr. Chase ; the man she was to marry had died suddenly, leaving her emotionally devastated. Richman is unable to get any information from her, but does find the hat. Marlow suggests they wait for Burgess at his apartment. However, while she is freshening up, Richman finds her purse and the paper with Cliff's particulars in a dresser drawer. Marlow admits he became enraged when Henderson's wife refused to run away with him; she was only toying with him. Fortunately for Richman, Burgess arrives just in time. Marlow throws himself out the window to his death. With Henderson freed, things appear to return to normal. However, Richman is delighted to learn  that her boss returns her love."] ['Eddie Taylor  is an ex-convict who cannot get a break after being released from prison. He marries but is then wrongly convicted for a bank robbery in which six people are killed. He is sentenced to death by electrocution. On the eve of his execution a gun smuggled into the execution area enables him to escape. During the escape he unintentionally kills the prison chaplain. The chaplain was trying to convince Eddie that he has had a last minute pardon. This is because the body of the guilty bank robber and the getaway vehicle with the stolen money has just been recovered from a lake. Now on the run for murder Eddie is forced to flee. His wife Joan Graham  who is pregnant insists going with him. During their flight in stolen vehicles, leaving a trail of theft, the baby is born. Joan leaves the baby with her sister. She and Eddie head for Canada but are shot and killed by police near the border.'] ['Blonde B-girl Vivian , working at "The Grass Skirt" in Boston talks a drunk  in the bar into "borrowing" his car. She drives to Cape Cod with the car\'s owner drunk by her side. When the man realizes he\'s miles from Boston he objects and demands that he be taken back. Instead, she ditches him and steals the car. Afterward she meets up with a mysterious man who kills her. A day later the drunk reports the car stolen to his insurance but neglects to mention the blonde as not to get in trouble with his wife . Months later, the B-girl\'s skeleton washes up on a beach. Barnstable cop Peter Morales  teams up with Boston police and uses forensics with the help of Dr. McAdoo, a Harvard doctor , to figure out who the woman is. The cop then tries to figure out how she died and, later, who killed her. Vivian\'s nosy landlady  attempts to blackmail a boyfriend Vivian used to call from her boarding house, going so far as to visit the wealthy married man and steal his gun. Morales tracks down the stolen car from police records and questions Henry Shanway, the drunk man Vivian was with the night she disappeared. Eventually Morales finds Shanway\'s car and he\'s identified in a police lineup. The innocent man is arrested and charged with the murder. Morales and Dr. McAdoo find the bullet still stuck in the car. Morales then finds out that the landlady has the gun, but not before she tries to blackmail the owner and is knocked over the head, and later dies. Morales chases after but loses the killer. Morales finds a hidden baggage check in the landlady\'s room, which sends Morales racing to catch the killer before the murder weapon can be disposed of.'] ["The film opens just after world-famous opera singer Alice Alquist has been murdered. The perpetrator bolted, without the jewels he sought, after being interrupted by a child&mdash;Paula , Alice's niece, who was raised by her aunt following her mother's death. Paula is sent to Italy so that she can train to be an opera star with the same teacher who once trained Alice. She studies with him for years, all the while trying to forget that terrible night at Number 9 Thornton Square in London. Paula meets Gregory Anton  and soon falls in love with him. She eventually ends her long tutelage to marry him. He persuades her they should live in the long-vacant London townhouse her aunt bequeathed her and, to help calm her anxieties, suggests they store all of Alice's furnishings away in the attic. Before they do, Paula discovers a letter addressed to her aunt by a man named Sergius Bauer, dated only two days before the murder, tucked away in a music book. Gregory's reaction is swift and violent, but he quickly composes himself, explaining his outburst as one of frustration at the bad memories his bride is experiencing. After Alice's things are packed away in the attic and the door blocked, things take a turn for the bizarre. At the Tower of London, Paula loses a brooch that Gregory had given her, despite its having been stored safely in her handbag. A picture disappears from the walls of the house, and Gregory says that Paula took it, but Paula has no recollection of having done so. Paula also hears footsteps coming from above her, in the sealed attic, and sees the gaslights dim and brighten for no apparent reason. Gregory suggests that these are all figments of Paula's imagination.  Gregory does everything in his power to isolate his wife from other people. He allows her neither to go out nor to have visitors, implying he is doing so for her own good, because her nerves have been acting up, causing her to become a kleptomaniac and to imagine things that are not real. On the one occasion when he does take her out to a musical gathering at a friend's house, he shows Paula his watch chain, from which his watch has mysteriously disappeared. When he finds it in her handbag, she becomes hysterical, and Gregory takes her home. She sees why she should not go out in public. The young maid, Nancy , does little to improve the situation. Whenever she shows up, her face betrays a feeling of disdain; Paula becomes convinced that Nancy loathes her. Unknown to Paula, her husband is in fact Sergius Bauer, her aunt's murderer. He sought out Paula in Italy, managed to win her heart, married her, and suggested they live in London, all with the aim of getting back into the house to continue searching for Alice's jewels. He has been secretly rummaging through Alice's belongings in the attic to find the jewels he is certain are there. Gregory, the husband, does everything in his power to convince his wife that she is going mad. After she is certified insane and institutionalized, he can search without impediment for the jewels. The footsteps she hears in the attic are thus his, and the flickering gaslights he claims she has imagined are in reality caused by him turning the attic lights on, reducing the flow of gas to the downstairs lights. The plan almost works. Paula is saved by a chance encounter with a stranger at the Tower of London. He turns out to be Inspector Brian Cameron of Scotland Yard , an admirer of Alice Alquist since his childhood. By enlisting the support of the housekeeper Elizabeth   and a neighborhood busybody , Cameron is able to delve into the long-cold case. The dramatic conclusion comes as he moves in to arrest Gregory on the evening that Gregory at last discovers the jewels that he has sought for so long. The dénouement partly involves Paula indulging herself in a bit of revenge, psychologically torturing Gregory after he's been bound to a chair, tantalizing him with the suggestion that she might free him so he can escape arrest, trial, and execution."] ['Already the most powerful man in France, Maximilien Robespierre  wants to become the nation\'s dictator. He summons François Barras ([[Richard Hart , the only man who can nominate him before the National Convention. Barras refuses to do so and goes into hiding. Meanwhile, patriot Charles D\'Aubigny  secretly kills and impersonates Duval , the bloodstained prosecutor of Strasbourg, who had been summoned to Paris by Robespierre for some unknown purpose . Neither Robespierre nor Fouché , the chief of his secret police, have met Duval before, so the substitution goes undetected. Robespierre informs D\'Aubigny that his black book, containing the names of those he intends to denounce and have executed, has been stolen. Robespierre\'s numerous foes are kept in check by the uncertainty of whether their names are on the list. If they were to learn for certain that they are, they would band together against him. He gives D\'Aubigny authority over everyone in France, save himself, and 24 hours to retrieve the book. D\'Aubigny meets Barras ([[Richard Hart  through his sole contact, Madelon , whom D\'Aubigny once loved. However, he was followed, and Barras is arrested by the police, led by Saint-Just. D\'Aubigny finds himself in an uncomfortable position, but manages to allay the suspicions of both sides that he has betrayed them. He goes to visit Barras in prison, and informs him that three of his best men have been murdered. Strangely, their rooms had not been ransacked to search for the book, leading D\'Aubigny to surmise that it was never stolen in the first place, and that Robespierre is using the alleged theft to distract his foes. Saint-Just, still suspicious, sends for Duval\'s wife to identify her husband. Through quick thinking, Madelon sends a friend to pretend to be Madame Duval and extricates her former lover. Before news of his impersonation gets out, D\'Aubigny returns to Robespierre\'s private office to look for the book. There he encounters the opportunistic Fouché, who is seemingly willing to sell out his master. When D\'Aubigny finds the book, however, Fouché tries to stab him. D\'Aubigny strangles him into unconsciousness and escapes. He and Madelon hide out at the farmhouse of a fellow conspirator, but their location is extracted through torture. A nighttime chase ensues. D\'Aubigny gets away, but Madelon is caught, taken back to Paris, and tortured. She refuses to talk. As the Convention is about to convene the next day, Fouché shows up and offers to trade Madelon for the book. D\'Aubigny turns him down. The book is passed from hand to hand among the delegates. Thus, when Robespierre arrives to denounce Barras, the crowd turns on him instead. He nearly brings the mob to heel with his golden words, but Fouché has his henchman shoot Robespierre through the jaw, silencing him. Robespierre is taken to meet Madame Guillotine. D\'Aubigny searches Robespierre\'s office, finds a secret room, and rescues Madelon. Fouché meets an army officer in the crowd. When asked his name, the man replies, "Bonaparte. Napoleon Bonaparte." Fouché promises to remember the name.'] ['With no memory of the night in question and a few clues, a man tries to prove he did not murder an attractive woman.'] ["The film begins in Belsen where Victoria Kowelska reflects on the destruction of her house and family by the Nazis. Her best friend Karin tells her of her son in America and her life there. Karin dies shortly before liberation and Victoria decides to take her identity . The major interviewing her is at first suspicious, but clearly he is attracted to her. He does not know they will later meet... Having found her way to New York she tracks down her family ties to a house in the rich area of San Francisco known as Telegraph Hill. On discussing her background with the family lawyer, Alan Spender, he is at first suspicious but then accepts her as Karin. He proceeds to wine and dine her... then marry her. Her son has been looked after by Margaret, who clearly also has a thing for Spender but is allowed to stay. The four of them live together in the house. Victoria  bumps into the major who is a friend of her new husband, at a party at their house and befriends him. He is clearly in love with her too. Tensions grow between Karin and Margaret and Margaret is dismissed after an argument. However, it then becomes clearer that it is Alan Spender who seeks to get rid of Karin, not Margaret. The car's brakes fail, almost killing Karin. At first Margaret is suspected, but this changes when it becomes clear that Karin's son was also meant to be in the car. Motives become clearer, and Karin reports various findings to the major. Margaret is forgiven and readmitted to the house. One night Karin is sure her orange juice has been poisoned. Alan has indeed poisoned it, and has fixed the phones so calls cannot be made. He returns to the bedroom and drinks his own glass of orange juice. He then explains his plot. Karin, who clearly still has feelings for him, tells him he has poisoned himself because she switched the glasses. She tries to telephone a doctor but can't get through. Alan explains how to fix the phones and it is left to Margaret to call. However, Margaret decides not to call. Alan dies. The police accept the sequence of events, but Margaret is taken away to be potentially charged for not calling a doctor. Karin, having by now revealed her true identity to the major, declares her love for him and he declares his for her. But they can no longer live in the house on Telegraph Hill."] ['John "Kit" McKittrick  endured two years of brutal torture after being captured in the Spanish Civil War. However, he managed to withhold the vital information sought by his captors, particularly their leader, a never-seen Nazi with a limp. His lifelong friend, Louie Lepetino, arranged his escape. When Louie, a New York police lieutenant, dies under suspicious circumstances, Kit ends his convalescence in Arizona and returns to the city to investigate. At the end of the trip, he bumps into attractive fellow passenger Toni Donne . When Kit goes to the police to find out what they know, Inspector Tobin  tells him it was suicide, but Kit knows better. After arranging to stay in the apartment of another friend, Ab Parker , he begins to make the acquaintance of the various guests at the party in which Louie made his fatal plunge. Among them are noted Norwegian historian and wheelchair-using refugee Dr. Christian Skaas , his nephew Otto , Kit\'s old flame Barby Taviton , who hosted the ill-fated party, and Toni Donne. Also present were singer Whitney Parker , who is Ab\'s cousin, and her piano-playing accompanist Anton . Kit is shaken when Dr. Skaas discusses the superiority of modern methods of torture over those of the past; it jibes too closely with what he endured. Kit does not know whom to trust, but is attracted to Toni, and she to him. However, it turns out that Toni was the only witness to Louie\'s fall, raising Kit\'s suspicions. Meanwhile, Kit repeatedly hears, or imagines he hears, the man with the limp, showing that he may not be fully recovered from his ordeal. Later, when Kit returns to the apartment, he is attacked in the darkness. He manages to gain the upper hand. When he turns on the light, he discovers his assailant is Anton. Anton reveals that Kit was allowed to escape from Spain, and that he has been watched constantly ever since in the hope that he would betray himself. It turns out that Kit\'s brigade killed a general who was very close to Adolf Hitler. Hitler vowed to get all those responsible and to hang the brigade\'s battle standard on his wall; Kit knows where the flag is hidden. The next morning, Kit is awoken by a shot; he finds Ab dead in the next room with a bullet through the head. Again, Inspector Tobin insists it must have been suicide. However, Kit knows that Ab was terrified of guns as a result of a childhood incident. Kit publicly gives Toni a medallion  he has had mounted in a necklace, a declaration for all to see that he knows where the flag is. Toni begs him to give up what she considers to be just a "dirty rag", but Kit is determined to foil the "little man" in Berlin. In the end, Kit insists she choose between him and the enemy; she agrees to help him get into Dr. Skaas\'s office during another party. Before though, he has to drink a toast with Skaas. As he had before when drinking with the doctor, Kit switches his goblet with Skaas\'s, an "old Borgia custom". However, Skaas has outwitted him, having prearranged for Toni to drug his own drink. While Kit is searching the office, he hears once again the man with a limp. The door opens, and Skaas enters, free of his wheelchair and dragging one leg. Skaas reveals that Kit has been drugged, that Otto killed Lepetino  and that he himself murdered Ab. However, before the drug can take full effect, Kit manages to shoot and kill the doctor, and summon the police. Before they arrive, Toni explains that she was forced to betray him because of her young daughter, held hostage. Kit lets her go and arranges to meet her in Chicago. However, when he and Inspector Tobin watch her board an airplane bound for Lisbon, he knows for certain that she has thrown in her lot with the enemy. She is removed from the plane, and Kit takes her seat to fetch the flag.'] ["Matt Brady comes home from World War I to a city where older brother Tim is a political kingpin. Matt meets an old friend, Bob Herrick, but an argument leads to a fistfight. He ends up late for a date with Elsie Reynolds, who is furious. Matt angrily replies that he wants nothing more to do with her. Matt's self-destructive behavior continues at a restaurant, where he intervenes on behalf of a forlorn customer, Lorry Reed, punching a waiter. He not only takes sympathy on her, he impulsively insists they get married. Regretting his actions the next day, Matt's temper again flares when Tim Brady decides to get the marriage annulled. Matt tells him to mind his own business. Minutes later, Tim dies of a heart attack. Years go by. Matt, still in a loveless marriage with Lorry, has followed his brother into politics. His unethical methods include making money on a tip from gangster Johnny Mazia and claiming half the profits of a cement business in exchange for guaranteeing it city projects. Bob has married Elsie, meanwhile, and become Matt's lawyer and insurance commissioner. Matt continues to mistreat Lorry, even giving her a very expensive necklace only to make Elsie envious. A newspaper editor and prosecutor begin investigating Matt, whose net worth also vanishes with the stock market's crash. He goes into business with gangster Johnny, inadvertently becoming an accomplice in a killing spree. An effort to make things right leads to a fight resulting in Johnny's death, but Matt is indicted and shocked when Bob testifies against him. Lorry leaves, telling Matt how he deluded himself that he had even one friend. Matt ends up by himself, behind bars."] ["The protagonist, Davidson , visits the boat of Captain Driver to ask permission to marry his daughter Fay. Aboard, he finds himself involved in a fight over the criminal activities of Boyd, a people trafficker with whom the Drivers are associated. The boat catches fire, and subsequent investigation finds aboard a charred corpse, Boyd having gone missing. The corpse is actually a client Boyd killed, but to cover up their involvement, the Drivers and another associate, Tim Pewsey, perjure themselves by claiming there was no other man present. This leads to the identification of the corpse as Boyd and to Davidson's conviction for his murder. He spends 12 years in prison. Upon his release, he sets out to get even with the three witnesses. Living rough in a beached barge on the Kent Marshes, he returns to the scene of the crime and begins gathering clues as to the whereabouts of the witnesses. He finds that Captain Driver has drunk himself to death, Pewsey is a confused wreck, and Fay is now married to a policeman, Inspector Lowther , who has spent the past dozen years mulling over the case, wondering if Davidson might indeed be innocent. Three people attempt - initially unsuccessfully - to befriend Davidson: Jackson, a kindly old hermit from whom he rents the barge; Ilse, a traumatised wartime refugee who falls in love with him after he rescues her from being raped by a sailor and allows her to stay overnight on his barge; and Craig, a journalist who is interested in his case, and also suspects him to be innocent. Shadowed by Lowther, whose own marriage is coming under increasing tension with the possibility of his wife's perjury, Davidson stalks Pewsey to frighten him into confessing to the police, and also discovers that the alleged murder victim, Boyd, is alive and well. He visits Boyd's office and confronts him, but is shot and finds himself pursued by Boyd and his criminal chauffeur. He flees to the Kent Marshes, where he is saved during a final confrontation when Boyd, about to kill him, is shot by Jackson. The film concludes with Ilse and Davidson refusing further help, leaving to deal with their pasts together."] ["Wilma Tuttle  is college professor who arouses the sexual interest of her student Bill Perry . When Perry tries to rape Tuttle, she beats him to death with a tire iron. She covers up her crime by making it seem as though Perry was killed while diving into the sea from a precipitous cliff. As she follows the police investigation of Perry's death, Wilma realizes that she'll never be able to escape her conscience, especially when she falls in love with Warren Ford , the dead boy's guardian."] ['The elderly Mrs. Bentley and her lawyer see a newspaper ad from an unemployed and unmarried engineer seeking work doing “anything legal.” The lawyer calls the engineer, Alexander “Lucky” Downing, and sets up a meeting, during which Lucky is offered $1000 to feign an engagement to Mrs. Bentley’s granddaughter Elinor Bentley Fairchild for one month. Lucky considers it a strange offer, but he needs the money so he takes the job. What Downing doesn’t know is that Elinor’s three former fiancés have met horrible ends. The first, Johnny Eggleston, mysteriously drowned. The second, Paul Myron, was paralyzed when his car rolled over and has been confined to an iron lung ever since. The third, Alan Winters, died by snakebite while on the 18th floor of a Boston hotel. Given the fate of her former beaus, there are those who believe Elinor is the victim of the “Smiling Ghost,” and she has been dubbed the “Kiss of Death Girl” by the local newspapers. Lil Barstow, a reporter who has followed the case closely, has been in touch with Myron, who persuades her to talk Downing out of the engagement before he too becomes a victim of the ghost. Lil attempts to intercept Lucky at the train station where he and his nervous valet, Clarence, are to meet Elinor. Before Lil can warn Downing, however, Elinor smashes her camera and hustles Lucky and Clarence off to Bentley mansion. Downing is delighted to find Elinor so attractive and affectionate but has no idea what awaits him at the mansion. There he meets his prospective in-laws: a diabolical great-uncle Ames Bentley, who shows Lucky his collection of shrunken heads and mentions that he\'s only missing a good Negroid specimen; cousin Tennant Bentley, who has a drinking problem; and Uncle Hilton Fairchild and his wife Rose, who will lose part of their fortune should Elinor marry. That evening Tennant drunkenly objects to Lucky sleeping in what had been his room, so Lucky agrees to switch rooms with him. Later that night, a man who is presumably the Smiling Ghost emerges through a secret wall panel and attacks Tennant, no doubt believing him to be Downing. In the ensuing confusion, Downing encounters the reporter Lil Barstow outside, who tells him about the fate of the former fiancés and persuades him to leave. Lucky asks her, "Couldn\'t all these have all been accidents?" To which Lil reples, "Listen, it\'s more than an accident when a cobra strikes a man on the 18th floor of a Boston hotel." Convinced that the situation is perilous, Downing plans to sneak away with Clarence, who had found the semiconscious Tennant in a trunk in the cellar and is eager to depart; however, after Elinor confesses that she has fallen in love with him, he decides to stay and catch the "ghost" for her. To find the ghost or whoever it is, Downing turns to Lil for help. She takes him to visit the crippled Paul Myron. Paul relates his ghost story, saying that the ghost appeared when he was pinned under his wrecked car and adding that the ghost resembled John Eggleston, Elinor’s first fiancé. Paul says he believes Eggleston drowned himself after Elinor broke off their engagement and is now intent on making sure she never marries. Downing rejects the idea that Eggleston is a ghost but finds it plausible that he faked his death and is bent on revenge. Lil and Lucky then pay a visit to Eggleston’s crypt in the cemetery and discover it empty. While there, Downing is attacked by the “ghost” and entombed. After he is rescued by Lil, he is even more determined to resolve the mystery. And to the end, he suggests to Elinor that they pretend to marry to lure the killer out of hiding. In the ensuing denouement, the Smiling Ghost is unmasked and an unexpected espousal is thrown in for good measure.'] ['The story opens on a small-town street. A man throws a bundle of papers onto the sidewalk from the back of a truck labeled "Chronicle". Clift is sitting in a bar when a woman offers him a drink. He refuses, telling her how alcohol seems to be poisonous to him. After talking with her for a while, he finds out that she is married to the editor of the paper where he is hoping to work. The editor shows up to meet his wife only to find her talking to Monty. When he asks how Monty found him, Monty says, "I heard that there was a bar where newspaper people hang out. I came here since it is the closest to the Chronicle, the only paper in town." The Mrs. says that Monty can write and that he deserves the chance to prove it. Ryan says, "OK, so write!" Clift hems and haws momentarily, but then delivers the following story: "The Chronicle is pleased to announce the addition of a new member to our staff. He met the Editor in Chief, who went so far as to insult his own wife in an effort to provoke the new staff member. Instead of punching the editor in the face, he accepted a position on the paper."'] ['A Hollywood film composer is found dead. The police think it is suicide but a cop, Joe Warne , suspects murder. Warne begins looking for "Dolores," a name in a song by the dead man. While investigating, Warne finds out the dead man has had a list of models as girlfriends and that ten of them have a motive for the suspected murder. His ruthless questioning tactics lead to several suspects reporting him for abuse. Pursuing the case with dogged determination, the obsessed Warne is eventually suspended from the police force while on the case. As he digs deeper into the case, the clues draw him closer to Frances Ransom , who may be involved in the killing.'] ["Set in early 20th century New England, the film is about a serial killer who is murdering disabled young women in the community. His next victim apparently is Helen; she is a mute girl working as a live-in companion for the wealthy, bedridden Mrs. Warren, who urges her to leave the house, as does Dr. Parry, who knows the reason for Helen's loss of speech and hopes to help her get her voice back. Rounding out the household are Mrs. Warren's son and stepson, her verbally-abused nurse, a secretary, a handyman and his wife, a housekeeper with a taste for brandy."] ["A merchant marine sailor, played by Raft, comes home from the war and searches for his father's murderer. As he uncovers the mystery, he busts up the local mob."] ['Police chief Joe Conroy  is relieved of his police duties after he accuses a "respected community man" Al Willis  of murdering a group of police officers. Despite his lack of authority, Conroy puts so much heat on Willis that the latter, making the excuse to his wife Helen  that he needs time to clear his head, skips town for Border City, where he\'s living a double life as a hoodlum with bar-singer mistress Marianna , whom he treats abusively. Conroy tails Willis to Border City in Mexico, where he recruits Marianna to his scheme to bring Willis to justice. A climactic cat-and-mouse game ends in a rooftop shootout.'] ['FBI agent John Ripley investigates the three cases his murdered partner Zack Stewart was working on, thinking there could be a connection. One involves wanted fugitive Joe Walpo, who has killed a gas-station attendant. Another concerns a department store fashion buyer, Kate Martell, who is being extorted by a man threatening to kill her daughter. Ripley and his new partner trail Connie Anderson, a girlfriend of Walpo\'s, to his hideout, where Ripley shoots him. Then they follow Kate to the "Hollywood" sign in the hills above Los Angeles, where she has been told to bring the money. There the extortionist is revealed to be a man named Milson who had shown a romantic interest in Kate, leading to a confrontation with Ripley.'] ['The film is set in 1917 in a post-Qing Dynasty era, at Liu Village on the border of Yunnan, China. Liu Jinxi  and his wife Yu  are an ordinary couple with two sons, Fangzheng  and Xiaotian  , living together in Liu Village. One day two bandits enter the village and attempt to rob the general store. Liu Jinxi happens to be in the shop and he fights with the robbers when they turn violent towards the shopkeeper and his family. He kills them during the fight. During an autopsy, detective Xu Baijiu  , who is sent to investigate the case, discovers that one of the dead bandits was Yan Dongsheng  , who is among the government\'s ten most wanted fugitives. The local magistrate is pleased, and Liu Jinxi is regarded as a hero by his fellow villagers. However Xu becomes suspicious because he does not believe that Yan Dongsheng, a fighter, could be easily killed by Liu, who appears to be a mere paper worker. Based on traces of evidence in the shop and Liu and other witnesses\' recollections of the fight, in addition to his extensive knowledge on physiology, Xu is able to deduce that Liu is in fact a highly skilled martial artist, as well as the actual events during the fight after noting signs of brain hemorrhaging due to an injury on Yan Dongsheng\'s Vagus nerve. From subsequent observation, investigation and tests, and information gathered by his partner, Xu learns of Liu\'s true identity - Tang Long, the second-in-command of the 72 Demons, a group of vicious and bloodthirsty warriors of Tangut descent, who brutally murdered a butcher\'s family in Jingzhou ten years ago. Xu immediately returns to the county office to obtain an arrest warrant for Tang Long. The magistrate delays issuing the warrant, citing lack of evidence while actually soliciting for a bribe from Xu. Xu eventually obtains the bribe money from his estranged wife, who blames him for causing her father\'s suicide. After issuing the warrant, the magistrate informs the Master  of the 72 Demons on Tang Long\'s whereabouts, hoping to receive a reward. The Master is offended and reveals that Tang is actually his son, and he kills the magistrate by severing his Vagus nerve. The Master sends his henchmen to Liu Village to capture Tang and burn down the place. While Xu and the constables are on their way there, two henchmen reach the village and kill a villager to force Tang to acknowledge his identity. Tang can no longer control himself and he fights and kills one of the two assailants and runs away, the other assailant who is the Master\'s wife  chases Tang and fights with him in the buffalo shed and she gets crushed by the buffaloes in the stampede and falls down in the river. Tangs tries to save her by holding her hand but she falls down to her death. The remaining villagers retreat to a fortress to hide from the 72 Demons while Tang and Xu stay behind. In the meantime Xu devises a plan, utilising his knowledge of physiology, for Tang to fake his death so the 72 Demons will no longer harass him. When the Demons arrive they lament over Tang\'s death but Xu knows that Tang cannot remain in his "death" state for too long so when time is up he revives Tang. Tang severs his left arm in front of the Demons, announcing that he has formally broken ties with them, but they also tell him that the Master is waiting for him at his house. When Tang reaches home he sees that the Master has taken his family hostage. After a tense encounter, the Master declares that he will let Tang go but he must take Xiaotian\'s blood as a trade. Tang is enraged and he attacks the Master with a broadsword but to no avail, since the Master uses qigong to protect himself from the blade. Xu infiltrates the house through a hatch and he weakens the Master\'s defense during the fight by piercing his heel with an acupuncture needle from underneath the floor. The Master is angered and incapacitates Xu. Tang continues fighting but is quickly overpowered by the Master. Just as the Master prepares to kill Tang, Xu notices the needle still stuck in his heel and takes him by surprise, planting another needle in the Master\'s neck. The Master is unfazed and mortally wounds Xu by slamming him hard to the ground. The top needle acts as a lightning rod, and in combination with the bottom needle acting as an earthing wire, the Master is charred by a lightning strike, killing him. Xu, with his dying breath, declares the case closed. The ending scene of the film shows a now one-armed Tang Long leading a normal life with his family.'] ['Claire is a society reporter who will do whatever she has to for a story. Claire manages to keep herself in the headlines by marrying and romancing a series of wealthy men, all of whom die under mysterious circumstances. To deflect suspicion from herself, Claire frames her former boyfriend, sportswriter Les Burns.'] ['Sir Alfred de Carter  is a world-famous symphony conductor who returns from a visit to his native England and discovers that his rich and boring brother-in-law, August Henshler , has misunderstood Alfred\'s casual instruction to watch over his much younger wife Daphne  while he was away, and instead hired a detective named Sweeney  to follow her. Alfred is livid, and ineptly attempts to destroy any evidence of the detective\'s report. Eventually, despite his efforts, he learns the content of the report directly from Sweeney: while he was gone, his wife was spied late at night going to the hotel room of Alfred\'s secretary, Anthony Windborn , a man closer in age to her own, where she stayed for thirty-eight minutes. Distressed by the news, Alfred quarrels with Daphne before proceeding to his concert, where he conducts three distinct pieces of romantic-era music, envisioning revenge scenarios appropriate to each one: a complicated "perfect crime" scenario in which he murders his wife and frames Windborn , nobly accepting the situation and giving Daphne a generous check and his blessing (to the Prelude to Wagner\'s [[Tannhäuser , and a game of Russian roulette with a blubbering Windborn, that ends in de Carter\'s Suicide (to Tchaikovsky\'s [[Francesca da Rimini  After the concert, Alfred tries to stage his fantasy of murdering his wife, but is thwarted by his own ineptness, making a mess of their apartment in the process. When Daphne returns home, he realizes that she really loves him, and learns that she is innocent of Sweeney\'s charges: she had gone to Windborn\'s room in search of her sister Barbara , August\'s wife, who was having an affair with Windborn, and became trapped there when she saw Sweeney spying on the room. Alfred begs Daphne\'s forgiveness for his irrational behavior, which she gladly gives, ascribing it to the creative temperament of a great artist.TCM Full synopsis<ref nameavg&sql=1:51839~T0 Plot synopsis ]'] [' Mae Doyle  returns to her home town, the fishing village of Monterey, California after ten years "back East." Her fisherman brother Joe  is not particularly pleased to see her, but accepts her back into the family home. His girlfriend Peggy  is more welcoming. When Joe asks Mae about the rich man she was seeing, she explains he was a married politician. He died and left her some money, but his wife and relatives took her to court and won. Mae begins to date Jerry ([[Paul Douglas , a good-natured, unsophisticated fisherman with his own boat. Mae instantly despises Jerry\'s friend, Earl Pfeiffer , a bitter, dissatisfied film projectionist. Mae\'s politician lover had made her feel more confident in herself; in stark contrast, Earl has a low opinion of women in general and makes no attempt to hide it. His wife is a vaudeville performer who is away frequently on tour. Earl, sensing a kindred restless spirit, is attracted to Mae right away. Jerry is oblivious to the tension between the two and soon asks Mae to marry him, despite her warning that she is not good for him. Mae decides to accept, even though she does not love or even respect her future husband, for the security and in the hope that she can change. After having a baby girl with Jerry, Mae becomes bored and restless after a year. Earl, now divorced, makes a move on Mae. She resists at first, but then begins an affair with him. Jerry\'s uncle Vince , who bears a grudge against Mae, tells his disbelieving nephew. When Jerry confronts the couple, Mae admits that she wants to leave Jerry to be with Earl. After a few drinks and prodded on by Vince, Jerry finds and starts strangling Earl, until Mae arrives and breaks up the fight. Jerry leaves, horrified at what almost happened. When Mae goes home to take her baby away, she finds the crib empty. Earl tries to coax Mae to leave with him anyway, without the baby, but this does not sit well with Mae. After trading bitter recriminations, she breaks up with him. Mae repents and convinces Jerry to take her back.'] ["Father Tomasino is stabbed to death. San Francisco traffic cop Joe Martini felt the priest was like an actual father to him. He asks to assist homicide Lieutenant Kilrain in his investigation, but after being rejected, Joe quits the force. He has a hunch restaurant owner Sylvio Malatesta could be involved. Joe is warmly welcomed by Sylvio's family, however, and falls in love with a cousin, Anna. He hides his past identity as a cop from her. Something is troubling Sylvio, but the family believes he still misses a sweetheart killed in Italy during the war. Sylvio also has a alibi for the night of the priest's murder, but Sergeant Gillen gets word to Joe that the alibi is a fake. In a ploy to encourage Sylvio to confide in him, Joe pretends to be a murder suspect himself. Sylvio breaks down and admits to having killed his own sweetheart, then the priest as well after confiding to him about the murder in confession. Sylvio runs into the street and is struck by a moving vehicle. Dying, he begs for Joe's forgiveness."] ["After sustaining a head wound in combat, decorated World War II veteran Eddie Rice  is treated at a San Francisco military hospital for a permanent form of amnesia. This leaves him with no knowledge of his life, family and friends prior to his enlistment, a void that the army intelligence unit was unable to fill as they couldn't find any information about him, other than the fact he enlisted in Los Angeles. Doctors tell him that no medical cure exists for his case, but that if he returns to Los Angeles he might run into people who know him and could help him fill in the blanks. Rice follows this advice and he promptly runs into people who recognize him. However, he is recognized not as Eddie Rice, but as Eddie Riccardi, a dangerous gangster gone missing, whose past behavior generates mistrust among the police and all those who knew him in the past. Furthermore, ruthless crime boss Vince Alexander , who was betrayed by Eddie before he left the town, is now out for revenge."] ['The young journalist Bachmann  is released from prison by the intervention of Cesar Boyd , a respected and prosperous journalist who hires him as his assistant. Bachmann had been in jail for his attempt to interview war criminals at Spandau prison. Bachmann works for Boyd who acts as his mentor, however, Bachmann’s stories are published under Boyd’s name. Bettina , the daughter of a friend comes to study in Berlin and will stay at Boyd. Both Bachmann who picks her up at the airport and Boyd develop an interest in the young woman. In the commotion, a story that has to go out to a Paris newspaper is not prepared, and Boyd, after listening to a tale from his chauffeur Jupp , in the last minute makes up a story of five German soldiers who have lived in a supply bunker in Poland for six years where they had gotten trapped when it was exploded at the end of the war. There is one survivor, now blind, who was brought to a hospital. The story becomes an international sensation and people want to know more. Journalists are sent to Poland to investigate. The Russians suspect the story to be a ruse to send spies. Pressure is put on the Polish government to release the blind soldier. In Germany, widows believe the blind soldier may be their missing husband. Bachmann who initially thought that Boyd had reliable sources for his story, soon recognizes that it is all a big lie. He breaks with his mentor, and tries to warn the public about the hoax. He convinces Bettina of Boyd’s lies, and both of them leave him to start a new beginning.'] ['Celebrated stage actor Anthony John  has driven away his actress wife Brita  with his erratic temper. However, they star together in the play Othello. Gradually, his portrayal of a jealous murderous man undermines his sanity. The actor eventually kills his mistress, Pat Kroll .'] ['In Los Angeles, California, on January 15, 1947, police officers Dwight \'Bucky\' Bleichert  and Lee Blanchard , investigate the murder of Elizabeth Short . As he is investigating, Bucky learns that Elizabeth was an aspiring actress, although she had not had any big breaks in her career. However, Elizabeth had become desperate for money and was paid to make a "stag" film with a friend of hers, Lorna Mertz. Through questioning a former roommate of Elizabeth, Bucky is told that Elizabeth liked to hang out with "sisters" or lesbians. He goes to a lesbian nightclub and meets a woman, Madeleine Linscott , who looks like Elizabeth. She tells him that she knew Elizabeth well, but because she is from a prominent family, she insists that her name be kept out the papers. In exchange for his silence, she promises him sexual favors and the two sleep together. Through his own investigation of the murder, Lee becomes obsessed with the case and trying to track the killer. His obsession leads him to become erratic and slightly abusive towards his longtime girlfriend Katherine \'Kay\' Lake , who is also close friends with Bucky. Through his relations with Madeleine, he meets her father, Emmett Linscott, her mother, Ramona, who is addicted to prescription medication, and her sister, Martha. A few days later, after having an argument with Lee about an old case, Lee and Bucky have a fight and Bucky leaves. He later goes to Kay and Lee\'s home looking for him, only to find him gone. He questions Kay as to where he is and she confesses that there was a tip about a drug deal occurring with a recently released convict, Bobby DeWitt, that Lee had helped send to jail. Bucky goes to the location of the drug deal, and is involved with an altercation with Bobby DeWitt on the main stairs in the atrium of the building. Bobby gets away, and Bucky chases him up the stairs, only to find Bobby shot to death. Bucky looks up to see that it was Lee, standing on the stairs across the lobby, who had murdered Bobby. Bucky sees a shadowed figure holding a rope sneak up behind Lee, and Bucky calls out to warn him. However, the shadowed man is able to wrap his rope around Lee\'s neck, but Lee fights back until they are both backed up against the railing of the stairs. Bucky is in shock and is unable to help Lee. As Lee continues to struggle, another shadowed figure walks up to Lee and the man with the rope and slits Lee\'s neck, causing both men to fall over the railing and onto a fountain several floors below, leading to the death of both. While dealing with the grief of losing Lee, Kay and Bucky sleep together and begin dating. Bucky is still intent on solving Elizabeth\'s murder, along with Lee\'s, and his search for answers leads him to an old housing site that Madeleine\'s father helped build. In one of the houses, Bucky sees the set that was used to film the porn movie that Elizabeth was in. Bucky also finds a barn on the property, which is below the Hollywoodland sign and a drawing of a man with a Glasgow smile drawn on the wall with blood. It is also the picture that Madeleine has in her parents\' house, and is also the same smile that was carved into Elizabeth\'s face during her murder. Bucky then accuses Madeleine\'s father Emmett ([[John Kavanagh  and Madeleine of murdering Elizabeth. However, Madeleine\'s mother Ramona  reveals that she was the one to kill Elizabeth, one of the reasons being that she looked so much like her Madeleine. A few moments after her confession, Ramona kills herself in front of Bucky, Madeleine, and Emmett. A few days later, Bucky goes to the Linscott\'s house again, and after speaking with Madeleine\'s sister, he discovers that it was Madeleine who had murdered Lee, as Lee was trying blackmail her father, as he was desperate for money. Bucky finds Madeleine at a motel, and although she insists that he won\'t shoot her because he would rather have sex with her, he tells her she is wrong and shoots her dead. Bucky later goes to Kay\'s house, and when she opens the door he sees a crow chirping by Elizabeth\'s body on the front lawn, then realizes that it was only a hallucination. Kay tells him to come in and closes the door as the film ends.'] ["Vicki Lynn  is a waitress who is transformed into a fashion model by press agent Steve Christopher . When Vicki is murdered, detective Ed Cornell  tries to blame the crime on Christopher. In fact, the cop knows who the real killer is, but he is so hopelessly in love with the dead girl that he intends to railroad an innocent man to the electric chair. With the help of Vicki's sister Jill , Christopher tracks down the real killer and exposes the crooked cop Cornell."] ['The film begins with the arrest of a shoplifter  and her booking at the 21st police precinct in New York City. Outside, Det. Jim McLeod  is sharing a romantic moment with his wife Mary , and they discuss the children they are planning to have. He returns to the precinct to process a young embezzler named Arthur Kindred ([[Craig Hill . McLeod then encounters Endicott Sims , lawyer of Karl Schneider , a New Jersey doctor who has had his license revoked and is now wanted on murder charges. Sims informs Lieutenant Monahan  that Schneider wants to turn himself in to avoid the wrath of McLeod, who has apparently been conducting an ongoing hate campaign against the doctor, who is known to perform abortions. McLeod professes his hatred of Schneider, and in fact all criminals, lamenting that the law merely "coddles them." Two burglars, Charley Gennini (Joseph Wiseman, who played the title role in the first James Bond film [[Dr. No  and Lewis Abbott , are brought in. With his partner Brody\'s  help, McLeod interrogates the men and manages to turn Abbott against Gennini. Further investigation proves that Gennini essentially makes a living out of thievery. When his record comes in it turns out that he has done far worse than stealing. When Schneider arrives with Sims, McLeod informs him that his assistant, Miss Hatch , has implicated him and will pick him out of a line-up. To McLeod\'s disgust, Schneider has bribed Hatch with a fur coat, and she fails to identify him. McLeod explodes and calls Hatch a liar before dismissing her. He admits to reporter Joe Feinson  that his hatred for his father and "his criminal mind"  is what fuels his crusade against evil-doers. McLeod then takes Schneider to Bellevue Hospital where a young victim of Schneider\'s work is being treated. However, McLeod learns that the woman has died, and without her identification, there is no case against Schneider. As they head back to the precinct, Schneider threatens McLeod with information he apparently has on the detective, taunting him that he has a lot of pull in high places. McLeod responds by slapping and punching Schneider until he suddenly collapses. As an ambulance is called Schneider mentions the name "Giacoppetti" and a woman to Monahan, which presumably has something to do with McLeod. When Sims comes by to berate McLeod and Monahan he inadvertently reveals - only in the presence of Monahan - that the woman is Mary McLeod. Arthur\'s boss, Albert R. Pritchett , comes to the precinct to file charges against Arthur. His old family friend Susan  arrives and gives Pritchett $120 she scraped together hoping no charges are filed against her friend. McLeod calls Arthur a thief and tries to dissuade Susan, but she pleads with Pritchett, swearing that the funds will be repaid the next day. In truth, Arthur stole the money to pay for a dinner date with an old flame, in a vain attempt to rekindle her interest in him. Brody sympathizes with Arthur and talks Pritchett into accepting Susan\'s money. Angered by Brody\'s interference, McLeod essentially bullies Pritchett into filing charges, stating that a first offender always becomes a repeat offender , and no mercy should be shown to them. Mary McLeod arrives at the station and talks with Lt. Monahan about knowing Giacoppetti - a racketeer who used to date Mary - and Schneider. She denies knowing them, but when Giacoppetti walks in and greets her, she bursts into tears. Giacoppetti, pressured by Monahan, admits that Mary had gotten pregnant while they dated and gone to Dr. Schneider for an abortion. Mary confesses to her husband, and once alone with him she asks his forgiveness, but he brutally responds that he\'d rather die than find out his wife is "a tramp," and asks if her infertility was caused by Schneider\'s abortion. Stunned and severely hurt by Jim\'s reaction, Mary leaves in tears. Later, she comes to the station to say goodbye to McLeod and he pleads with her to stay. Mary relents, but after a snide comment made by Sims about Mary\'s love life, McLeod falls back on his anger and asks how many men there were before he met her, admitting he cannot wash away the "dirty pictures" in his mind. Calling him cruel and vengeful, she leaves McLeod for good, not wanting be "driven to a lunatic asylum." She vows never to see him again. Gennini, taking advantage of the commotion started when a victim runs into the station yelling she\'s been robbed, grabs a gun from a policeman\'s holster and shoots McLeod several times. McLeod, in his dying words, asks for his wife\'s forgiveness and requests that his colleagues go easy on Arthur Kindred. McLeod then begins an Act of Contrition, which Brody finishes after McLeod dies. A distressed Brody then releases Arthur while admonishing him "not to make a monkey out of me." Arthur and Susan  leave as Monahan calls for a priest and Joe calls his newspaper to inform them of McLeod\'s death.'] ["Set and filmed on location in the tenement section of New York's Lower East Side, the film tells the story of a young boy, Tommy Woodry , who has a habit of crying wolf. Late one night, he climbs up the building fire escape and sees his two seemingly normal neighbours, Mr and Mrs Kellerson, murder a drunken sailor in their apartment. No one, neither the boy's parents or the police, believe young Tommy when he tells them what he has seen, since they all assume that this is just another of the boy's tall tales. The murderous neighbors find out that the boy is a witness to the killing and plan the same for him when his parents are away. The two of them take Tommy to a dark alley, where they try to kill him. Tommy escapes, but the pair re-capture him, taking him back to their apartment. Tommy escapes again, onto the roof, pursued by Mr Kellerson."] ["While playing in a bar in St. Louis, jazz pianist Jigger Pine meets aspiring clarinetist Nickie Haroyen who tries to convince him to put together a jazz band. After a drunk patron starts a fight, Nickie and Jigger are thrown in jail with Jigger's drummer and bassist. They hear a prisoner singing a blues song and are inspired to set out for New Orleans where they hope to learn how to perfect an authentic bluesy sound. There they meet fast-talking trumpet player Leo and his wife Character who is a talented singer. Together, the quintet rides the rails, honing their technique in dive bars across the country. One day while sheltering in a boxcar they meet a mysterious stranger named Del who first robs them and then, impressed by their camaraderie, offers them a job in a New Jersey roadhouse called The Jungle. The group discovers that the roadhouse is actually owned by Del's former partners in crime, aspiring singer Kay, accomplice Sam and her crippled sidekick Brad. Del has escaped from jail to retrieve his share of a robbery the three committed, but when Kay tells him they have spent all the money, he decides to take over the The Jungle and transform it into an illegal gambling club. Kay tries to rekindle her past romance with Del, but he rejects her and she turns her attention to Leo. Although the band is happy playing their brand of jazz each night at the club, Character is worried about Leo and Kay. Jigger reveals to Leo that Character is pregnant and he decides to give up Kay. She soon sets her sights on Jigger who is secretly in love with her. When Sam tries to get her to alert the police to Del's whereabouts, she tells Del and Sam is killed by Del's henchmen. Del orders her to leave The Jungle so she convinces Jigger to quit the band and go to New York City to join a commercial, mainstream jazz band. Although successful, Jigger is unhappy in his new life, feeling he is not playing authentic jazz. Kay finally grows bored of life with Jigger and leaves him when he tells her he is quitting the band. He descends into alcoholism and has a mental breakdown. His friends find him and help nurse him back to health, hiding the fact that Character's baby has died. They return to The Jungle where Jigger begins playing again, but Kay shows up without any money looking for help. She and Del have a violent quarrel and in the ensuing struggle Kay shoots and kills him. Jigger decides to protect Kay and help her escape from the police, but Brad hears their plans and realizes that Kay is leaving forever. He drives away with her into a violent storm, deliberately wrecking the car so they are both killed. The band resolves to leave The Jungle behind and they return to their life on the road, playing their preferred version of jazz."] ['George Fowler  shows himself as an ex-football hero. He finds himself slowly drawn into the gangster world. With the gang in need of just $50 more, George asks his ex girl, Ann, for that amount in a check, supposedly for her brother Gino. The plan starts to unravel when she sees Gino coming out of a restaurant across the street from the bank. When questioned about it George later reveals he\'s involved with robbing the bank. She writes \'Warning The bank will be Robbed!\' with lipstick on the window, the bank taking it as a joke. As the day of the heist grows nearer the tension within the gang heightens with no one trusting anyone. The robbers burst into George\'s and Gino\'s apartment that night and demand who talked to the girl about the robbery, seeing the lipstick warning. Gino breaks about his sister\'s  talking to George. George goes to her apartment with the gang and talks her into going to Chicago. Gino and George go to a park and wait. While Willie and John are taking her down the fire escape, John gets fidgety and hurls her off the escape down to the street below. They return to George and Gino, saying nothing about the murder. The next day the robbery is attempted as planned. Meanwhile the bank has replaced the switchboard, previously inside the bank, downstairs to what seems to be a better control room, a system which the robbers were betting on disabling to prevent calls to the police. John distrusts George and compels Willie to drive, instead of George, who will now be inside robbing the bank even though it\'s his first time on any illegal job. The robbing goes as planned until George can\'t find the switchboard they wanted to disable. The switchboard downstairs calls the police and they send a squad car over to the bank. When the police arrive, more arriving every second, the robbery goes astray. John gets killed while trying to take a hostage out and Gino commits suicide down in the vaults. Willie flees with the car, leaving his partners behind. George gets shot in the leg. He tries to take a hostage out, the woman\'s husband offering himself instead. As the wife is in his headlock, his arm aiming the gun at her husband, she says, "It\'s no use, he\'s vicious." Realizing just how far he went, George relaxes his grip and falls to the ground, muttering how he isn\'t \'vicious\'. George is taken away, his last sight looking out the bars of the car.'] ['Handicapped farmer Pete  and sister Ellen  have raised ward Meg as their own on a reclusive farm. Now a teen, Meg  convinces her friend Nath to come help with chores on the farm. When Nath insists on using a shortcut home through the woods, Pete warns the young man of screams in the night and the terrors associated with the abandoned red house. Curious, Meg and Nath ignore his warnings and begin exploring and troubling secrets are revealed.'] ["Commercial artist James Vanning  and his friend, Dr. Edward Gurston , are on a hunting and fishing trip in Wyoming. They stop to help two men whose car has crashed. John  and Red  are bank robbers, fleeing with $350,000 in loot, who don't plan on leaving any witnesses. They murder Gurston using Vanning's hunting rifle, but through luck Vanning survives. He's knocked out cold but is still alive. He awakens to discover the stolen money, left behind by mistake, and runs with it from the returning hoods. He gets away but loses the bag in the blizzard. Much later, at a cafe in Los Angeles, Vanning makes the acquaintance of Marie Gardner , a model. He is ambushed by John and Red, but once again gets away. Marie falls for Vanning and travels by bus with him to Wyoming, tailed by an insurance investigator named Fraser ([[James Gregory  who has been following the case all along. John and Red have found the money and get the drop on the other three. The crooks double-cross one another, however, and one is shot dead. Vanning fights with the other, who is killed by a snow plow. The insurance man will clear Vanning, who is now free to marry Marie."] ['Dr. Jeff Cameron  tends to an attempted suicide victim named Margo  brought to San Francisco General Hospital. She later checks out, but sends him a telegram telling him her address in case he wants to hear her story. To his surprise, he finds she lives in a mansion. He breaks a date with his nurse girlfriend, Julie , because he is worried Margo may try to commit suicide again. As time goes on, he falls in love with Margo. However, when she tells Jeff that she is flying to Nassau with her aged father the next day, he shows up unannounced and boldly tells Frederick Lannington  that he is in love with the man\'s "daughter". Lannington, however, informs him that Margo is his wife and that she married him for his money. Stunned, Jeff leaves despite Margo\'s pleas. When he hears her scream, he returns and finds her holding an earring ripped from her ear. Lannington starts beating Jeff with a fireplace poker; in the ensuing struggle, Lannington strikes his head on the floor and is knocked unconscious. Dazed, Jeff goes to the bathroom; when he returns, he finds the old man dead. Jeff wants to call the police, but Margo insists they would believe it was murder. She persuades him to run away with her . They first try to use the airline tickets, but hurry away when they spot policemen at the ticket desk. They decide to drive to Mexico instead, taking the precaution of trading in Margo\'s convertible for a pickup truck provided by larcenous used car salesman "Honest Hal". At a stop, Jeff diagnoses his continuing headaches and mental fog as a concussion, warning Julie that it will lead to first paralysis of the extremities, perhaps even one side of his body, followed by a coma within 24 to 48 hours. In Roseville, Arizona, they are taken to the sheriff, but it is only because Jeff is not wearing a beard for the "Wild West Whiskers Week". After Margo explains they are on their way to Mexico to get married, the police chief  tells them that marriages are a Postville specialty and insists they get wed there that very night. While Jeff is out of the bedroom of their honeymoon suite, Julie listens to the news on the radio; she becomes enraged when the broadcast discloses she had been undergoing psychiatric treatment. Later, after the couple sneak away, the police chief identifies Margo from a photo and alerts the border patrol. It is revealed that Lannington was smothered to death with a pillow. In a border town, the fugitives sell Margo\'s $9000 bracelet to a pawnbroker for $1000. When the man sees that they are anxious to avoid the police, he sends them to theatre owner Milo DeLong , who offers to smuggle them into Mexico ... for $1000. As they wait, Jeff\'s left side becomes paralyzed. Then he finally realizes that Margo is mentally unstable and that she killed her husband. He decides not to go to Mexico; when he tries to stop Margo from leaving, she knocks him down, then smothers him. Fortunately, he was only rendered unconscious. He drags himself downstairs and out to the border crossing. When Margo sees him coming, she pulls a pistol out of her purse and starts shooting at him. The police return fire, fatally wounding her. Before she dies, she absolves Jeff of any blame. While recovering, Jeff asks his doctor if he can send a flower to someone. The doctor steps out into the hall and sends Julie in to see him.'] ["Alison Courtland, a wealthy New Yorker, hasn't a clue how she ended up on a train bound for Boston. When she phones her husband, Richard, the police listen in and learn from Richard that his wife has threatened him with a gun. On a flight home, fellow passenger Bruce Elcott falls in love with the married but unhappy Alison. Her husband makes Alison begin seeing Dr. Rhinehart, a psychiatrist. But it turns out that Rhinehart is a fake. He is actually Charles Vernay, a photographer hired by Richard Courtland, who is having an affair with another woman and hopes to get rid of Alison for good. The scheme is to drive Alison to suicide and inherit her money. Elcott arrives just in time to find Alison, apparently under hypnosis, about to leap from a balcony to her death. Elcott discovers that Vernay is the man who pretended to be the doctor. Richard, meanwhile, attempts to drug Alison and make her kill the doctor herself. Vernay finds out he has been betrayed. Verney then shoots Richard and is later killed by falling through a skylight after being chased by Elcott. It appears Elcott and Alison live happily ever after."] ["The story begins as Police Lt. Nick Ferrone explains what bail bonds-men do and tells the viewers the setting is Los Angeles, California. One such men is Vince Kane, a former cop. When one of his customers, Brackett, is murdered, Kane decides to investigate. He has two reasons for investigating: the curiosity of a former cop and it seems he has fallen in love with Brackett's widow Lucy, a woman he used to date."] ["New Orleans big band clarinetist Stan Grayson has a nightmare where he sees himself in a mirrored room killing a man. He wake ups and finds blood on himself, bruises on his neck, and a key from the dream in his hand. He goes to his brother-in-law, police detective Rene Bressard, about the problem but is dismissed. Later, the two men go on a picnic in the country with Grayson's girlfriend and sister. Grayson leads them to an empty house, the house of his dream, when it begins to rain. They are shocked to see that the house has a mirrored room just like in his dream. After it’s found out that a murder did indeed take place, Grayson becomes Bressard's number one suspect. Grayson, stressed out and suicidal, protests his innocence which makes Bressard dig deeper. That leads to them finding out about a hypnotist in Grayson's building that apparently set up the band member for murder."] ['The film opens with the camera tracking down Sunset Boulevard in Los Angeles, California as police cars begin racing down it. The lifeless body of a young man, Joe Gillis  floats in the swimming pool of a palatial mansion. As the police begin converging on the house Joe\'s voice narrates, in flashback style, the events leading up to his own murder. Six months earlier, Joe was down on his luck, unable to find work as a screenwriter, having only made a few undistinguished films in his short career. Broke and on the verge of having his car repossessed, with no other options except a low-paying newspaper job in Ohio, Joe tries to persuade Paramount Pictures producer Sheldrake  to buy his most recent script, but fails after script reader Betty Schaefer  gives Sheldrake a harsh critique of the script in her summation. Joe then tries unsuccessfully to borrow money from his friends. Fleeing from repossession men in his car, one of Joe\'s tires blows out in front of a large and seemingly deserted mansion on Sunset. Hiding the car in the garage, he sets out to explore the decaying house, when a woman inside calls to him. Mistaken for the undertaker to a recently deceased pet chimpanzee, he is ushered in by the mysterious butler, Max Von Mayerling . Meeting the woman who owns the house, he recognizes her as long-forgotten silent-film star Norma Desmond . When she learns that he is a writer, she invites him in and asks for his opinion on an immense script she has written for a film about Salome that she hopes will revive her faded acting career. Although Joe finds the script awful, he flatters Norma into hiring him as an editor. Joe is put up in her guest room. The next morning he objects when he sees that Max has moved his belongings to the mansion on Norma\'s orders, and that she has paid his overdue rent. Though he hates being dependent on her, he accepts the situation and begins living at the mansion, first in a room over the garage, then in the mansion itself. As he works on Norma\'s script, he comes to see how unaware she is of how her fame has died. She refuses to hear any criticism of her work, and makes him watch her old films in the evenings. Although she still receives fan mail, Joe later learns that Max feeds into Norma\'s fantasy by sending the letters himself. He explains that Norma\'s state of mind is fragile, and she has attempted suicide in the past. Over the next few weeks, Norma lavishes attention on Joe and buys him expensive clothing, including a tuxedo for a private New Year\'s Eve party attended only by the two of them. Horrified to learn that she has fallen in love with him, he tries to let her down gently, but she slaps him and retreats to her room. Joe, thinking his time with her is over, escapes to a party at his friend, assistant director Artie Green\'s  house, where he meets Betty Schaefer again. While still unimpressed with most of his work, she believes a scene in one of his scripts has potential. Joe half-agrees to work on it with her, and calls the house on Sunset to tell Max he is leaving. However, when Max informs him that Norma has attempted suicide with Joe\'s razor blade, Joe leaves the party and returns to the mansion, where he apologizes to Norma and makes love to her. After a while, Norma considers her script complete, and sends it to Cecil B. DeMille at Paramount and waits for his answer. Not long afterwards, calls from Paramount asking for Norma begin to arrive. They come from an executive named Gordon Cole, and Norma petulantly refuses to speak to anyone other than DeMille himself. Eventually, she has Max drive her and Joe to the studio in her 1929 Isotta Fraschini Tipo 8A{{cite web}} , a rare vintage luxury car. While DeMille entertains Norma, many of the older guards, technicians and extras on the set recognize her and welcome her back. Joe and Max, meanwhile, learn that Cole had called because the studio wants to rent her car and has no interest in her script . Max insists that they hide these facts from her. He later confesses to Joe that he was once a respected film director who discovered Norma as a girl, and was also her first husband, and that he now remains as her servant because he cannot bear to leave her. While Norma undergoes a rigorous series of beauty treatments to prepare for her comeback, Joe has secretly begun to work with Betty on a screenplay. Though she is now engaged to Artie, she falls in love with him. Although he likes her, Joe is dismayed at the triangle in which he is now caught. When Norma discovers the script with Betty\'s name on it, she phones Betty and insinuates what sort of man Joe really is. Joe, hearing her, invites Betty to the mansion to see for herself. When she arrives, he coldly terminates their relationship by letting her believe that he is a gigolo and prefers to live off Norma. After Betty leaves the mansion in tears, Joe begins packing, having decided to return to Ohio. He bluntly informs Norma of the truth - that there will be no comeback, her fan letters come from Max, and she is forgotten. He ignores Norma\'s threats to shoot herself, and in a fit of passion she shoots him as he leaves, leaving him dead in the pool. The scene returns to the opening. Still narrating, Joe expresses fear over how Norma will be unable to cope with the disgrace, and the discovery of how forgotten she truly is. By the time the police arrive, however, she has slipped into a delusional state of mind, and thinks the news cameras are set-up for a film shoot. To help the police coax her down the stairs, Max plays along with her hallucination that she is on the set of her new film. He verbally sets up the scene for her, and yells "Action!"; Norma dramatically descends her grand staircase. Joe, in voiceover, remarks that life has decided to spare her the pain of that discovery, and that "The dream she had clung to so desperately had enfolded her." Norma makes a short speech at how happy she is to be back making a film, and delivers the film\'s most famous line: "All right, Mr. DeMille, I\'m ready for my close-up."Sunset Boulevard script. dated March 21, 1949, by Charles Brackett, Billy Wilder and D.M. Marshman, Jr. Retrieved July 21, 2005.'] ["Gino Monetti is a rags-to-riches Italian-American banker in New York whose methods result in a number of criminal charges. Three of his four grown sons, unhappy at their father's dismissive treatment of them, refuse to help Gino when he is put on trial for questionable business practices. Eldest son Joe seizes control of the bank and brothers Tony and Pietro side with him. Max, a lawyer, is the only son who stays loyal to his father. The brothers conspire to send Max to jail as well. Max tries to bribe a juror to save his father, but gets disbarred and serves a stretch of seven years in prison. Max vows revenge on his brothers, but when he is released Max has a change of heart when he realizes that his father had caused all the tension within the family. The three brothers, however, are still worried about his quest for vengeance, and Joe even goes so far as to order Pietro to kill Max. In doing so, however, Joe insults Pietro in the same way their father always had, prompting Pietro to turn on Joe instead. Max saves Joe from Pietro's wrath by reminding Pietro that if he kills Joe, he would only be doing exactly as their father would have wanted. Max then leaves his brothers to travel to San Francisco with his girlfriend, where they plan to start a new life together."] ['Two hit men, Max and Al , come to a small town to kill gas station attendant Ole AndresonCorrect spelling. See original Hemingway story The Killers in The Complete Short Stories of Ernest Hemingway, Scribner, ISBN 0-684-84332-3 , aka "the Swede". The Swede\'s coworker warns him, but strangely, he makes no attempt to flee, and they kill him. Life insurance investigator Jim Reardon  is assigned to find and pay the beneficiary of his policy. Tracking down and interviewing the dead man\'s friends and associates, Reardon doggedly pieces together his story. Police Lieutenant Sam Lubinsky , a close, longtime friend of the Swede, is particularly helpful. Through flashbacks, it is revealed that the Swede was a professional boxer whose career was cut short by an injury to his right hand. Rejecting Lubinsky\'s suggestion to join the police force, the Swede gets mixed up with a bad crowd, including "Big Jim" Colfax . He drops his girlfriend Lily  for the more glamorous Kitty Collins . When Lubinsky catches Kitty wearing stolen jewelry, the Swede "confesses" to the crime and serves three years in prison.  When he gets out, he, "Dum Dum" Clarke ([[Jack Lambert  and "Blinky" Franklin  are recruited for a payroll robbery masterminded by Big Jim. Complicating matters is the fact that Kitty is now Big Jim\'s girl. The successful robbery nets the gang $250,000. However, when their rendezvous is burned down, all of the gang members are notified of where to meet, all except the Swede. Kitty then informs him that he is being double crossed. The Swede takes all of the money at gunpoint and flees. Kitty meets him later in Atlantic City, then disappears with the money. Back in the present, Reardon watches the boarding house where the Swede lived. Sure enough, Dum Dum shows up, searching for a clue as to the whereabouts of the loot. Reardon gets some information from the robber, but Dum Dum gets away before the police can arrest him. When Reardon gets confirmation of one particular detail, he is certain he knows what happened. He goes to see Big Jim, now a very successful building contractor. Reardon lies, telling Big Jim that he has enough evidence to convict Kitty. He suggests that Kitty contact him. She agrees to meet him, and they go to a nightclub at her suggestion. However, after she goes to the ladies\' room, Max and Al show up and try to kill Reardon. Fortunately, he and Lubinsky are ready for them, and the two hitmen are slain instead. Reardon and Lubinsky head to Big Jim\'s mansion, but are too late to stop Dum Dum and Big Jim from killing each other. Reardon explains that when he discovered that the fire that destroyed the rendezvous point had been set hours after Kitty was sent to notify everyone of the new meeting place, he realized that Kitty and Big Jim, her husband, had been setting up the Swede. Dum Dum finally figured out the truth as well. When Lubinsky asks the dying Big Jim why he had the Swede killed, Big Jim tells him he could not take the chance that another member of the gang might find the Swede, as he had. Kitty begs her husband to exonerate her in a deathbed confession, but he dies first.'] ["An international drug-smuggling racket plants heroin on unsuspecting American tourists traveling in Asia, so that the dope can pass through customs undetected. Two psychopathic killers (Eli Wallach and [[Robert Keith  and their driver Richard Jaeckel then collect the contraband. In the film Warner Anderson reprises his role as Lieutenant Ben Guthrie from the TV series. However, Tom Tully's character, Inspector Matt Grebb, is replaced by Inspector Al Quine, played by Emile Meyer."] ["Eighteen-year-old Liz Taggart has gone to a lovers' lane with her boyfriend, Owen Clark, who has not yet been introduced to her parents. Unbeknownst to them, a psychopath named Harold Loftus has been watching them. Loftus knocks Owen unconscious and overpowers Liz, taking her to a shack. A couple on a motorcycle try to revive Owen with liquor, but leave when he doesn't wake up. Police arrive and mistakenly conclude that Owen is drunk. At the station, night-shift captain Ed Bates hears the story and realizes that Liz is the daughter of the day-shift captain, Dan Taggart. While holding Liz prisoner, Loftus tries to force himself on her. Loftus' mother, Mabel, phones police when her son does not return home. Liz manages to get hold of Loftus' gun, but finds it's not loaded. Taggart is furious with Owen, blaming him for what has happened, but his wife scolds Taggart for intimidating their daughter to the point that she kept her relationship secret. When the police officers find the shack, Owen saves Taggart's life by leaping on Loftus at the last second. Taggart begins beating Loftus, who cries out for his mother. After Loftus is taken into custody, Taggart invites Owen to accompany Liz back home."] ['Two aging men try to buy a new fishing boat, but their Brooklyn pier is controlled by a gangster. The fishermen plan to kill the gangster, but neither can go through with it. When the gangster learns of their plan, he attempts to strike one of them but falls into the sea and drowns. The Motion Picture Production Code would not have let the fishermen go unpunished if they had killed the gangster.{{cite journal|lastBrian|yearThe Hollywood Left: Robert Rossen and Postwar Hollywood|journal54–65|url23 Feb 2010 | refNeve|first"Un-American" Hollywood: politics and film in the blacklist era |editorRutgers University Press|yearRed Hollywood in Transition: the Case of Robert Rossen | pages0-8135-4198-0 |urlNubM5xfHhoIC&pg%22Robert+Rossen%22+Director#v%22Robert%20Rossen%22%20Director&f23 Feb 2010 ***** -->'] ['The story is about two U.S. Treasury agents who go undercover in an attempt to break a counterfeiting ring. The agents try to join the gang by posing as counterfeiters from out of town. They eventually join the gang but the stakes are set even higher when one of the agents is killed by the gang while the other undercover T-man watches in horror.'] [' Frank Chambers  is a drifter who stops at a rural diner for a meal, and ends up working there. The diner is operated by a beautiful young woman, Cora Smith , and her much older husband, Nick . Frank and Cora start to have an affair soon after they meet. Cora is tired of her situation, married to a man she does not love, and working at a diner that she wishes to own. She and Frank scheme to murder Nick in order to start a new life together without her losing the diner. Their first attempt at the murder is a failure, but they eventually succeed. The local prosecutor, Kyle Sackett ([[Leon Ames , suspects what has occurred, but doesn\'t have enough evidence to prove it. As a tactic intended to get Cora and Frank to turn on one another, he tries only Cora for the crime. Although they do turn against each other, a clever ploy from Cora\'s lawyer prevents Cora\'s full confession from coming into the hands of the prosecutor. With the tactic having failed to generate any new evidence for the prosecution, Cora benefits from a plea bargain in which she pleads guilty to manslaughter and receives probation. Frank and Cora eventually patch together their tumultuous relationship, and now plan for a future together. But as they seem to be prepared finally to live "happily ever after", Cora dies in a car accident, while Frank is driving. Although it was truly an accident, the circumstances seem suspicious enough that Frank is accused of having staged the crash. He is convicted of murdering Cora and is sentenced to death. When informed that his last chance at a reprieve from his death sentence has been denied, and thus his execution is now at hand, Frank is at first incredulous that he will be put to death for a crime of which he is innocent. But when informed that authorities have recently discovered irrefutable evidence of his guilt in the murder of Nick, Frank decides that his impending death is actually his overdue punishment for that crime, despite his official conviction being for the murder of Cora. Frank contemplates that when a person is expecting to receive a letter, it is of no concern if at first he does not hear the postman ring the doorbell, because the postman will always ring a second time, and that second ring will invariably be heard. After they escaped legal punishment for Nick\'s murder, but nonetheless with Cora now dead and Frank on his way to the death chamber, he notes that the postman has indeed rung a second time for each of them.'] ['Set in New Mexico around the turn of the 19th to 20th century and told in flashback, the film tells the story of Jeb  whose entire family was slaughtered when he was a young boy. The vision haunts him into adulthood, but the rest of his childhood is forgotten. When the killers discover that Jeb is the only family member to survive, they vow to kill him too. He spends his life avoiding his unseen assailants, trying to remember his past and find the men responsible for the killings.'] ['Stanley Maxton  is a drummer in the rhythm section of a night club orchestra. He is in love with cigarette girl, Jane Tafford , but she is more interested in a mobster reputed to have influence in the movie industry.'] ["Set in a visually dazzling fantasy of 1930s New York, Dark Streets tells the story of Chaz Davenport , a dashing playboy who owns what promises to become the hottest new nightclub in town if only the lights would stay on. Surrounded by the sumptuous blues music he adores, and with his pick of the gorgeous women who perform their sensual dance numbers on stage every night, Chaz is the envy of every man. But with the city thrown into darkness by frequent blackouts and a menacing loan shark closing in, Chaz is in danger of losing the club and far more. At the same time, he finds himself embroiled in a painful love triangle with the club's alluring star singer, Crystal , and a new arrival at the club, the mysterious and seductive chanteuse Madelaine . When people close to Chaz begin turning up dead, he does not know where to turn or whom to trust. And the harder he tries to uncover the truth, the further he's drawn into the darkness of lies and betrayala darkness as black as the city's streets during a power outage."] ['Webb Garwood, a disgruntled cop, is called to investigate a voyeur by Susan Gilvray. Her husband works nights as an overnight radio personality. The cop falls in love with the young and attractive married woman. Obsessed, he woos her despite her initial reluctance. Garwood finds out about an insurance policy on the husband\'s life. He dreams up a scheme in which a phantom "prowler" would be a good scapegoat if Susan\'s husband should happen to die mysteriously. After becoming a prowler himself, Garwood commits the murder and makes it look like self-defense. Susan, who is pregnant, runs away with Garwood to a ghost town named Calico to have the baby without anyone back home knowing. Susan goes into premature labor and Garwood finds a doctor. Garwood intends to kill the doctor to preserve their secret -- Susan was pregnant several months before the marriage to Garwood -- but the doctor escapes with the newborn. Garwood confesses to the murder of Susan\'s husband and she tells him to get out. He drives away, leaving his wife in Calico alone. On the way out of town, Garwood runs  into his former partner on the police force. While attempting to escape, Garwood sees several police cars coming so he heads for the hills. He refuses to stop and a sheriff\'s deputy shoots him dead.'] ['A womanizing racketeer  is wounded by police and hides out in a farmhouse, where he falls in love with a country girl  and meets her wholesome family. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Writing - Original Story .'] ["Kelly  is a prostitute who shows up in the small town of Grantville, just one more burg in a long string of quick stops on the run after being chased out of the big city by her former pimp. She engages in a quick tryst with local sheriff Griff , who then tells her to stay out of his town and refers her to a cat-house just across the state line. Instead, she decides to give up her illicit lifestyle, becoming a nurse at a hospital for handicapped children. Griff doesn't trust reformed prostitutes, however, and continues trying to run her out of town. Kelly falls in love with J.L. Grant , the wealthy scion of the town's founding family, an urbane sophisticate, and Griff's best friend. After a dream-like courtship where even Kelly's admission of her past can't deter Grant, the two decide to marry. It is only after Kelly is able to finally convince Griff that she truly loves Grant and has given up prostitution for good that he agrees to be their best man. Shortly before the wedding, Kelly arrives at Grant's mansion, only to find him on the verge of molesting a small girl. As he grinningly tries to persuade her to marry him, arguing that she too is a deviant, the only one who can understand him, and that he loves her, Kelly strikes him with a phone receiver, killing him instantly. Jailed, and under heavy interrogation from Griff, she must convince him and the town that she is telling the truth about Grant's death. As Kelly tries to exonerate herself, one disappointment follows another, and enemies old and new parade through the jailhouse to defame her. In despair, she is at last able to find Grant's victim and prove her innocence.<ref namehttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/34395/The-Naked-Kiss/overview |title2008-07-21 |author10-29-1964 |publisher=The New York Times}}"] ['"The Aspirin Kid" is wanted by the law. He is so known because apparently he uses the ruse of faking a headache and asking women for an aspirin, wherepon he robs them . He acts like a Beatnik as a disguise. At the start of the film Arthur Garrett  is picked up by Detective Culloran after he nearly hits him. Garrett gives the name Stan Hess to the detective . The case of \'The Aspirin Kid\' is assigned to two detectives, Culloran and Baron. Culloran is a twice married man whose first marriage has made him suspicious of women. They have a suspect, a Beatnik called Arthur Jester who fits a description of \'The Aspirin Kid\' but his alibi checks out. Knowing that the cops are on to him, Arthur Garrett turns the tables by going after Culloran\'s wife, Francee. This enrages the detective. He also begins to treat the pregnant Francee differently after her assault, causing her to turn to his partner Baron for advice. Garrett persuades Jester to try to throw Culloran off the track by committing a similar attack on a woman named Georgia Altera at a time when Garrett couldn\'t possibly be involved. But the cops know that Garrett is their man. Jester and Altera fall for each other. At a party near the beach, the deranged Culloran attempts to capture Garrett. After an elaborate scuba-diving chase sequences, Culloran captures and beats up Garrett coming close to killing him before Baron intervenes. Culloran comes to his senses and returns to Francee, who gives birth.'] ["Arriving at New York City's Pennsylvania Station after a trip to Cuba, Sheila Bennet , who is smuggling $50,000 worth of diamonds into the country, realizes she's being followed by the authorities. She mails the diamonds to her husband, Matt Krane , instead of carrying them around, and then tries to shake the Treasury agent following her. Feeling sick, Sheila nearly faints on the street, so a cop takes her to a local clinic. While there, she encounters a little girl and inadvertently infects her. Sheila is misdiagnosed as having a common cold, and she leaves and returns home. After the girl is admitted to the hospital, she is found to have smallpox. Meanwhile, Matt has been cheating on Sheila with her sister, Francie , and then attempts to take off without either of them when the diamonds finally arrive through the mail. Unfortunately for him, the fence cannot buy the diamonds because they are too hot. Matt will have to wait for ten days for the cash, so he cannot leave New York. Sheila confronts Francie, who kills herself afterward due to Matt's betrayal of them both. This gives Sheila more reason to get revenge on him. Finding a growing number of smallpox victims, city officials decide to vaccinate everyone in New York to prevent an epidemic, but quickly run out of serum. This causes a panic in the city. Tracking the victims, agents realize that the disease carrier and the diamond smuggler are one and the same. However, an increasingly sick Sheila continues to elude capture. Still unaware that she has smallpox, she returns to the doctor at the clinic to get more medicine. The doctor explains her illness and tries to talk her into turning herself in, but she shoots him in the shoulder and escapes. Sheila eventually catches up with Matt, who tries to escape from the police, but falls from a building ledge to his death. Sheila nearly attempts to drop herself from the ledge, until the doctor tells her the little girl she met had died. Remorseful, Sheila turns herself in and, before succumbing to the disease, provides authorities with a badly needed list of those she contacted."] ["Trevor Howard plays Clem, an ex-RAF man who is drawn into the world of crime after the war. His psychopathic crime boss Narcy (short for [[Narcissus , betrays him when he refuses to deal in drugs, and he's framed for killing a police officer and imprisoned. The bitter Clem quickly escapes and sets off a country-wide man hunt as he seeks to avenge his being framed."] ["Down-on-his-luck Los Angeles architect and builder Edward Shaw  is approached by Doris Hillman  with a business proposal: buying land together, on which he would build houses that she would then sell, using her experience as a former real estate broker. Her husband, Gus Hillman, a wealthy businessman, would be willing to contribute half a million dollars as capital for the venture. Doris quickly seems interested in more than a purely professional relationship. Shaw starts an affair with her and accepts the business offer. However, an accidental discovery leaves him convinced that the Hillmans' interest lies less in the long-term profits of the venture than in the $175,000 key man insurance policy he took on himself as a precondition for the deal, and that an attempt on his life is imminent. Madge, the younger sister of Doris, develops a romantic interest in Shaw as well. Without knowing what Doris has planned, she reveals to Shaw that her sister was married previously to a man who died in Wyoming when his car crashed over a bridge. Shaw ends up drugged by Gus Hillman and barely keeps his car from going off a cliff. The police are skeptical about his story and the insurance company refuses to cancel the policy, Hillman having portrayed Shaw as a man who is trying to steal his wife. Madge teams with Shaw to try to foil her sister's scheme, but Doris lures him to a mountain cabin and shoots him with a gun. Shaw manages to push both Hillmans to their death through a window, just minutes before Madge and the cops arrive."] [' Amateur tennis star Guy Haines  wants to divorce his vulgar and unfaithful wife Miriam , so he can marry the elegant and beautiful Anne Morton , daughter of a senator . While on a train to meet Miriam, Haines meets Bruno Anthony , a forward stranger who recognizes Guy from gossip items in the newspapers that detail his marital problems. During lunch in Bruno\'s compartment, Bruno tells Guy about his idea for the perfect "Criss-cross" murder: he will kill Miriam and in exchange, Guy will kill Bruno\'s father. Since both are strangers, otherwise unconnected, there is no identifiable motive for the crimes, Bruno contends, hence no suspicion. Guy hurriedly leaves the compartment but leaves Bruno thinking he has agreed to the deal. Guy accidentally leaves his cigarette lighter behind, a gift from Anne to Guy, which Bruno pockets. Bruno heads to Guy\'s hometown of Metcalf and follows Miriam and her two beaux to an amusement park, where he briefly illuminates her face with Guy\'s lighter, then strangles her to death. Guy\'s problems begin when his alibi — an inebriated college professor on the same train as Guy — cannot remember their meeting. But they increase exponentially when Bruno makes repeated appearances into Guy\'s life as he seeks to remind Guy that he is now obliged to kill Bruno\'s father, according to the bargain he thinks they struck on the train.  Bruno sends Guy the keys to his house, a map to his father\'s room, and a pistol. Soon after, Bruno appears at a party at Senator Morton\'s house and hobnobs with the guests, much to Guy\'s apprehension and Anne\'s increasing suspicion. He demonstrates how to strangle someone while preventing them from screaming: with his hands around his "assistant\'s" neck Bruno looks up and sees Anne\'s younger sister Barbara . Her eyeglasses and resemblance to Miriam trigger a flashback for Bruno to Miriam\'s murder, and he loses control of himself and begins to strangle his subject. After a moment he faints, and the frightened party guests pull him off the hysterical woman. Young Barbara rushes to her sister and tells her, "His hands were on her neck, but he was strangling me." Anne puts together the facts of the crime and confronts Guy, who finally admits the truth. Guy finally agrees to Bruno\'s plan over the telephone and creeps into Bruno\'s home at night. When he reaches the father\'s room he tries to warn the older man of Bruno\'s intentions, but finds Bruno waiting for him instead, now aware that Guy\'s sudden change of heart suggests betrayal. Bruno tells Guy that because he will not complete his end of the bargain, he should be blamed for the murder which "belongs" to him — so he will frame Guy for the murder of Miriam.  Anne visits Bruno\'s house to tell his mother  that her son is responsible for the death of a woman, but she does not believe Anne and fails to understand how dangerous her son is. Bruno overhears the conversation and lets Anne know that he has the lighter and plans to plant it at the scene of the crime during the night to implicate Guy. Anne reports back to Guy and the two devise a plan for Guy to beat Bruno to the scene of the crime after he finishes a tennis match that would be too suspicious for him to cancel. Guy wins the tennis match but takes much longer than expected; likewise, Bruno is delayed when he drops Guy\'s lighter down a storm drain and must force his fingertips down the drain to recover it. Guy arrives at the park while Bruno is still waiting for sunset. The two men struggle on the carousel, which spins out of control and crashes after its operator is accidentally hit by a bullet from the police meant for the fleeing Guy. Bruno, mortally wounded in the crash, manages to tell the police of Guy\'s guilt, but the lighter is found clutched in Bruno\'s hand, finally exonerating Guy. An amusement park employee who remembered Bruno\'s previous visit confirms that Bruno was in fact the murderer. Reunited with Anne on a train home, Guy is asked by a friendly clergyman seated near them if he is Guy Haines. Starting to reply, Guy, remembering this is the way Bruno started their fatal conversation, stops himself and quickly leaves the club car with Anne, leaving the man perplexed.'] ['Johnny Kelly  is a Chicago cop from a long line of police officers. He\'s grown tired of the job and his married life. He plans on leaving his wife for exotic dancer Sally "Angel Face" Connors . When Penrod Biddel ([[Edward Arnold , a corrupt, powerful attorney, wants him for a job, Johnny is tempted. He needs money in order to get quick money to escape Chicago and start life anew with "Angel Face." Kelly accepts an assignment to escort a low-life former magician ([[William Talman , now criminal across the border to Indiana. Not all is what it seems and the more Kelly learns the more he\'s determined to do right.'] ["The film tells of Christopher Kelvaney  a crooked police officer who is not timid to take bribes and payoffs from criminals and other nefarious folk. His brother Eddie  is a young member of the police force and is honest and uncorrupted. In a penny arcade, a drug dealer is stabbed to death by a man who claims the territory for himself, and Eddie witnesses a gangland murder. The murderer goes to Kelvaney and asks to buy his brother off. When Christopher Kelvaney realizes that his brother won't change his testimony he tells the mob to leave his brother alone. An out-of-town button-man is brought in to kill both brothers, but he succeeds only in killing Eddie. His conscience aroused, Kelvaney goes after the mob leaders himself."] ["Mary, a young woman  at Miss Highcliff's boarding school, finds out that her sister Jacqueline , who is her only relative, has gone missing and has not paid her tuition in months. The school officials tell her she can only stay on if she works for the school, to pay her tuition. Mary decides to leave school and try to find her sister. She returns to New York City, and finds that her sister had sold her cosmetics business eight months earlier. She locates the apartment Jacqueline was renting, and finds the only things in the room are a chair and a noose hanging from the ceiling. Knowing that her sister has never feared death only makes Mary more anxious and determined to find her. Her investigation leads her to Jacqueline's secret husband Gregory Ward , a failed poet , and a mysterious psychiatrist, Dr. Judd . A private detective  helps her in her investigation, but is stabbed and dies. Dr. Judd helps her locate the sister, who turns out to be hiding from a Satanic cult her co-workers were part of called the Palladists. During the investigation, Ward falls in love with Mary, his sister-in-law. Meanwhile, Jacqueline is kidnapped by the cult members who insist that she kill herself, because the rules of the cult state that anyone who talks about the cult must die. She would be the seventh person condemned under these rules, hence the film's title. However, the cult has rules against violence, and decides that Jacqueline, who is suicidal anyway, should kill herself. When she refuses, the cult members let her leave, only to be stalked on the streets by an assassin. She escapes and returns to Mary's apartment, which is next to her own. Before she can enter though, she meets her neighbor, a deathly ill young woman . The woman tells her she’s afraid to die, but she is tired of keeping quiet and fearing death. She decides to have a night out before she dies. Jacqueline, having lost the will to live, enters the room she rented and kills herself. The sick woman walks down the stairs dressed for a night out and hears a thud, but thinks nothing of it."] ["Helen Ferguson  is eight months pregnant and unmarried. When she goes to her unfaithful boyfriend Morley for help, all he gives her is a train ticket back to where she came from. The train crashes while Helen is on board, and she is mistaken for another pregnant woman, who was killed on the train. Helen gives birth to her child and is accepted by the Harknesses, the family of the dead woman's husband, Hugh Harkness, who was also killed in the train crash. Since the family had never seen their son's new wife, they believe Helen to be her. The family believes her lapses of memory and uncertain behavior are after effects of the train wreck. With a better life provided for her child, Helen continues the ruse while Bill Harkness , who is the brother of the deceased Hugh, falls in love with her. The story takes a turn for the worse when Helen's ex-boyfriend and the father of her child tracks her down several months after the accident. Morley  was called in to identify the body at the morgue after the tragic train accident, and he figures out through a series of events that Helen is hiding and now married into money. Being the conniving fellow that he is, Morley contacts Helen  and forces her into wedlock. But before his dastardly plan can take full effect, he winds up dead, and the real twist is who exactly the murderer is."] ['Bridges plays an ex-GI, Frank Pryor, who arrives in London to visit a wartime girlfriend, whom he hasn\'t seen in six years. His arrival at the airport coincides with a man being killed by a sniper, and he finds himself to be a suspect. Pryor is detained by Scotland Yard for questioning. Released, he goes to his girlfriend\'s apartment, and learns that she had an intimate association with the slain man. Scotland Yard keeps a watch on the couple while Frank tries to unravel the mystery of the "limping man".'] ['On the eve of her engagement, a demure young woman becomes the victim of a split personality and murders her fiance.'] ['After the Game is a crime fiction murder mystery with a theme of "after the game of poker" and "after the game of life." It deals with revenge, deceit, lust and greed, and explores karma and the afterlife. Aging gambler Benny Walsh  dies in a suspicious car crash after the biggest poker win of his life. His son, Clyde , comes to the Nevada town in search of answers. He discovers that each of his father\'s gambling buddies had ample reason to see him dead.'] ['During the Korean War, the Soviets capture an American platoon and take them to Manchuria in Communist China. After the war, the soldiers return to the United States, and Staff Sergeant Raymond Shaw  is credited with saving their lives in combat. Upon the recommendation of the platoon\'s commander, Captain Bennett Marco , Shaw is awarded the Medal of Honor for his supposed actions. When asked to describe him, Marco and the other soldiers automatically respond, "Raymond Shaw is the kindest, bravest, warmest, most wonderful human being I\'ve ever known in my life." Deep down, however, they know that Shaw is a cold, sad, unsociable loner. Marco &mdash; who has since been promoted to Major &mdash; suffers from a recurring nightmare in which a hypnotized Shaw kills two fellow soldiers before the assembled military brass of communist nations, during a practical demonstration of a brainwashing technique. Marco wants to investigate, but receives no support from Army Intelligence as he has no proof. However, Marco learns that another soldier from the platoon, Allen Melvin ([[James Edwards , has had the same nightmare. When Melvin and Marco separately identify some of the men in the dream as leading figures in communist governments, Army Intelligence agrees to help Marco investigate.  Meanwhile, Shaw\'s mother, Mrs. Eleanor Iselin , drives the political career of her husband and Shaw\'s stepfather, Senator John Yerkes Iselin ([[James Gregory , a McCarthy-like demagogue who is widely dismissed as a fool. Senator Iselin finds a newfound political profile when he claims that an undetermined number of Communists work within the Defense Department. However, unknown to Raymond, Mrs. Iselin is actually a Communist agent with a plan intended to secure the presidency under Communist influence. Mrs. Iselin is the American "operator" responsible for controlling Raymond, who was conditioned in Manchuria to be an unwitting assassin whose actions are triggered by a Queen of Diamonds playing card. When he sees it, he will obey the next suggestion or order given to him. When given instructions to kill selected targets, he must also kill any witnesses and never remember his actions, making him the perfect assassin. It is revealed that Shaw\'s heroism was a false memory implanted in the platoon by the Communists in Manchuria, and that they were covertly returned to the American lines when their conditioning was completed; the actions for which Shaw was awarded his Medal of Honor never took place. Raymond briefly finds happiness when he rekindles a youthful romance with Jocelyn Jordan , the daughter of Senator Thomas Jordan , one of his stepfather\'s political rivals. Raymond had previously courted Jocelyn in order to get back at his mother, but they then genuinely fell in love. Mrs. Iselin broke up the relationship for political reasons, but now facilitates the couple\'s reunion as part of her scheme to garner the support of Senator Jordan for her husband\'s own sudden bid for Vice President. Jocelyn, wearing a Queen of Diamonds costume outfit, inadvertently hypnotizes Raymond at a costume party thrown by the Iselins, and the couple elopes. Although pleased with the match, Senator Jordan makes it clear to Mrs. Iselin that he will move for her husband\'s impeachment if he makes any attempt to seek the vice-presidential nomination. Mrs. Iselin triggers Raymond\'s conditioning and sends him to assassinate Jordan. Raymond carries out his orders, and also kills Jocelyn when she happens upon the scene. Raymond has no knowledge of his actions, and is genuinely grief-stricken when he learns of the murders. Marco discovers the role of the Queen of Diamonds card in hypnotizing Raymond into committing murder. Marco meets Raymond and, using a deck composed entirely of such cards, gets the full story; he then orders Raymond to break the links between the card and obeying any further subsequent orders. Mrs. Iselin primes her son to assassinate their party\'s presidential candidate at the nomination convention so that Senator Iselin, as the vice-presidential candidate, will become the presidential candidate by default. This will cause mass hysteria that will get Iselin, "the Manchurian candidate", elected and justify emergency powers that, in Mrs. Iselin\'s words, "will make martial law seem like anarchy". Mrs. Iselin tells Raymond that she did not know that he was to be selected by the Communists, who apparently chose him to be the assassin because they believed it would solidify their own hold and control over her. She vows that once in power she will "grind them into the dirt". Marco\'s attempt to free Raymond appears to have failed. Raymond enters the convention hall disguised as a Catholic priest and takes up a position to carry out the assassination as he was instructed, using a rifle with a scope. Marco and his supervisor, Colonel Milt ([[Douglas Henderson , arrive at the convention to stop him. As the Presidential nominee  makes his speech, Raymond instead takes his revenge and saves the country by shooting his mother and stepfather dead. He then commits suicide in front of Marco while wearing his Medal of Honor.'] ['Detective Sgt. Walter Brown  is assigned to protect a mob boss\'s widow, Mrs. Frankie Neall , as she rides a train from Chicago to Los Angeles to testify before a grand jury. Brown, on the way to meet her, expresses his contempt for Mrs. Neall to his longtime partner and friend Gus Forbes : "She\'s the sixty cent special. Cheap. Flashy. Strictly poison under the gravy." As the detectives and Mrs. Neall leave her apartment, they are waylaid by a mob assassin named Densel. Forbes is shot to death, and the gunman escapes. At the train station, Brown discovers that he has been followed by gangsters Joseph Kemp  and the genteel Vincent Yost , who unsuccessfully tries to bribe him. Brown\'s relationship with Mrs. Neall is caustic. She is cynical and flashy, constantly flirting with him while doubting his integrity and commitment to protecting her. Brown makes friends with an attractive passenger he meets by chance, Ann Sinclair , and her too-observant young son Tommy . However, Kemp spots them together and thinks that Sinclair is the target. When he confronts Kemp and gets into a fight with him, Brown learns of the mistake. He turns Kemp over to overweight railroad agent Sam Jennings  and hurries to warn Mrs. Sinclair. However, she has a surprise for him - she is really Mrs. Neall. The other woman is a decoy named Sarah Meggs. Meanwhile, Jennings is knocked out by Kemp\'s more-dangerous associate Densel , the assassin who killed Brown\'s partner, and Kemp is freed. The gangsters enter Brown\'s compartment and kill Meggs. Then Densel goes for Mrs. Neall. He is cornered in a locked compartment with her, with Brown outside. Brown uses the reflection from the window of a train on the next track to shoot Densel through the door, then enters the compartment and finishes him off. Kemp jumps off the stopped train, but is quickly arrested.'] ["Manhattan press agent Sidney Falco  has been unable to get his clients mentioned in J.J. Hunsecker's  influential, nationally syndicated newspaper column of late because of Falco's failure to make good on a promise to break up the romance between Hunsecker's younger sister Susan  and musician Steve Dallas , an up-and-coming jazz guitarist.<ref name Dirks | first  | title  Filmsite | pages  | publisher  | url  2009-04-16 }} Falco is losing money and clients. Given one last chance by the bullying, intimidating Hunsecker, he schemes to plant a false rumor in a rival column that Dallas is a dope-smoking Communist, then encourages Hunsecker to rescue Dallas's reputation, certain that the headstrong boyfriend will reject Hunsecker's favor and end up looking bad to Susan. The plan works, in a way -- Dallas can't resist insulting Hunsecker's methods, and, forced to choose between them, the timid Susan breaks up with Dallas in order to protect him from her brother. Hunsecker, however, is enraged by Dallas's insults to him after a brief confrontation. He decides to ruin the boy after all  and wants to have marijuana planted on the musician, then have him arrested and roughed up by corrupt police Lt. Harry Kello . He grabs her just as her brother walks in, but Hunsecker, encouraged by Susan's silence, accuses Falco of trying to assault Susan. In a climactic confrontation, Falco reveals to Susan that it was her brother who ordered him to destroy Dallas's reputation and their relationship. Hunsecker makes a call to Kello to come after Falco, who tries to flee but is caught in Times Square by the brutal cop. Back in the penthouse, Susan, her bags packed, admits to her brother that she attempted to commit suicide, considering death preferable to living with JJ. She walks out on him, saying that she will go to Dallas and tells Hunsecker that she pities, rather than hates him."] ["A psychoanalyst and his young family and some friends are taken hostage by a gang led by an escaped killer Al Walker. The doctor gets the killer to talk to him in an attempt to find out the killer's unconscious motivation for his evil ways. He relates a dramatic dream he's been having since childhood. Eventually, his crimes are traced back to his childhood and lack of parental guidance, and by the end of the night the doctor has calmed the killer's murderous rage and prevents any more killings."] ["Mastermind Dave Purvis ([[William Talman  is a professional criminal who devises a scheme to rob an armored car on its last pickup of the day. He recruits Benny McBride to his gang of thieves. Benny needs money because Yvonne , his striptease artist wife, has lost interest in him and is seeing another man. But the man she is two-timing Benny with turns out to be Purvis. The robbery itself, at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles, begins as planned but then goes badly wrong when a passing police patrol car intervenes. Purvis kills one of the police officers from the patrol car and he and his fellow robbers make their getaway. Lt. Jim Cordell , the dead policeman's partner, takes it upon himself to bring in his partner's killer and throws himself into the case, assisted by a rookie offsider. Meanwhile, Purvis's gang unravels bit by bit as distrust and paranoia begins to build. Benny, wounded by police during the heist, is killed by Purvis as he demands his share of the loot from the robbery and attempts to seek medical help. Gang member Al Mapes ([[Steve Brodie  gets away and looks up Yvonne at the Burly Q where she works, intending to use her as a means to find Purvis, who has kept all the loot for himself. The waiting police, however, arrest Mapes at the Burly Q and learn Purvis's identity. After a further manhunt, Lt. Cordell and his team corner Purvis and Yvonne at Los Angeles airport, and Purvis is crushed by a taking-off plane as he tries to escape across the tarmac."] ["Lefty Farrell  links up with con artists Brandy Kirby  and Vincent Mailer . The three concoct a scheme to rob a rich couple out of ten million dollars by having Farrell pose as the couple's long-lost son. When the husband refuses to change his will, Kirby and Mailer decide to kill them. Farrell confesses the scam to the elderly couple, which prompts Mailer to add him to his list of potential victims."] ["Myra Hudson  is a successful Broadway playwright who rejects Lester Blaine  as the lead in her new play. Later, she meets Lester on a train bound for San Francisco, is swept off her feet, and, after a brief courtship, marries him. Lester learns that Myra is writing her will and plans to leave the bulk of her fortune to a foundation. He plots her murder in cahoots with Irene Neves , an old girlfriend hiding in the wings. Myra discovers their plans and concocts a diabolical scheme to kill Lester and place the blame on Irene, but cannot bring herself to go through with it. Lester learns of Myra's intention and accidentally kills Irene and himself in an attempt on Myra's life. Myra hears the two pronounced dead and breathes a sigh of relief."] ["Diner waitress Bonnie Parker is just as tired of her job in 1932 Texas as she is of customers like Guy Darrow, who try too hard to make her acquaintance. When she goes too far, fending off Guy with hot oil, Bonnie is fired. With her husband Duke Jefferson still in prison and no means of support, Bonnie teams up with Guy on a series of small holdups. She also kills a cop who's chasing them, which leads to Tom Steel of the Texas Rangers being assigned to the case. Guy's incarcerated cousin Chuck is paroled in late 1933, so Bonnie and the Darrows travel north to Missouri and Iowa for more robberies. Bonnie thinks it's time to stop thinking small and aim for banks instead of gas stations and such. She also decides the gang should bust Duke out of the pen. Their daring breakout succeeds, but Chuck is shot. Now that her husband's in charge, the trio begins making some big scores and become America's most wanted criminals. But when a big scheme by Bonnie to rob an armored truck backfires, the guards locking themselves inside a vehicle that's bulletproof, things continue to go wrong when Guy accidentally kills Duke. On the lam, Bonnie decides it's time to hide out in Louisiana, but it's only a matter of time before Steel and the Rangers find them. Bonnie and Guy go down in a hail of bullets."] ['Michael O\'Hara  meets the beautiful blonde Elsa  as she rides a horse-drawn coach in Central Park. Three hooligans waylay the coach. Michael rescues Elsa and escorts her home. Michael reveals he is a seaman and learns Elsa and her husband, disabled criminal defense attorney Arthur Bannister , are newly arrived in New York City from Shanghai. They are on their way to San Francisco via the Panama Canal. Michael, attracted to Elsa despite misgivings, agrees to sign on as an able seaman aboard Bannister\'s yacht. They are joined on the boat by Bannister\'s partner, George Grisby , who proposes that Michael "murder" him in a plot to fake his own death. He promises Michael $5,000 and explains that since he wouldn\'t really be dead and since there would be no corpse, Michael couldn\'t be convicted of murder  Michael agrees, intending to use the money to run away with Elsa. Grisby has Michael sign a confession.  On the eve of the crime, Sydney Broome, a private investigator who has been following Elsa on her husband\'s orders, confronts Grisby. Broome has learned of Grisby\'s plan to actually murder Bannister, frame Michael, and escape by pretending to have also been murdered. Grisby shoots Broome and leaves him for dead. Unaware of what has happened, Michael proceeds with the night\'s arrangement and sees Grisby off on a motorboat before shooting a gun into the air to draw attention to himself. Meanwhile, Broome, injured but alive, asks Elsa for help. He warns her that Grisby intends to kill her husband. Michael calls to inform Elsa but finds Broome on the other end of the line. Broome warns Michael that Grisby was setting him up. Michael rushes to Bannister\'s office in time to see Bannister is alive but that the police are removing Grisby\'s body from the premises. The police find evidence implicating Michael, including his confession, and take him away. At trial, Bannister acts as Michael\'s attorney. He feels he can win the case if Michael pleads justifiable homicide. During the trial, Bannister learns of his wife\'s relationship with Michael. He ultimately takes pleasure in his suspicion that they will lose the case. Bannister also indicates that he knows the real killer\'s identity. Before the verdict, Michael escapes by feigning a suicide attempt. Elsa follows. She and Michael hide in a Chinatown theater. Elsa calls some Chinese friends to meet her. As Michael and Elsa wait and pretend to watch the show, Michael realizes that she had killed Grisby. Elsa\'s Chinese friends arrive and take Michael, unconscious, to an abandoned Fun House. When he wakes, he realizes that Grisby and Elsa had been planning to murder Bannister and frame him for the crime, but that Broome\'s involvement ruined the scheme and obliged Elsa to kill Grisby for her own protection. The film features a surreal climactic shootout in a hall of mirrors, the Magic Mirror Maze, in which Elsa is mortally wounded and Bannister is killed. Heartbroken, Michael leaves presuming that events which have unfolded since the trial will clear him of any crimes.'] [" The Great Flamarion  is an arrogant, friendless, and misogynous marksman who displays his trick gunshot act in the vaudeville circuit. His show features a beautiful assistant, Connie  and her drunken husband Al , Flamarion's other assistant. Flamarion falls in love with Connie, the movie's femme fatale, and is soon manipulated by her into killing her no good husband during one of their acts."] ["Barbara Carlin  attends her own funeral and suspects her husband, Rod Carlin , had tried to do away with her. She's also curious who was the woman buried under her name."] ['A quiet gardener living in Los Angeles, California picks up blond women and is murdering them with garden shears. The police attempt to track him down but the man continues to kill. The killer lives in a shack on a hill overlooking Los Angeles .'] ['Railroad supervisor Carl Buckley gets fired from his job. He persuades his seductive wife to pay a visit to an important railroad customer in order to try to get his job back. When Buckley suspects that his sexy, younger wife Vicki  has done more than just talk with the rich old magnate, he smacks her around. He then jealously stalks his rival, finally stabbing him to death in a train compartment. Locomotive engineer and Korean War vet, Jeff Warren  observed Vicki in the vicinity of the murder, but shields her at the inquest, as she sets his pulse racing. The two begin an affair which is hard to keep quiet in such a small town. Vicki then starts scheming for Warren to kill her increasingly drunk and violent husband.'] ['Federal agent Rigby  travels to Los Trancos on the island of Carlota  to break up a war-surplus aircraft engine racket and finds himself tempted by corruption, namely Elizabeth Hintten , a café singer married to Tug Hintten , a drunken ex-pilot. Carwood  is the brains of the outfit, aided and abetted by J.J. Bealer  and Hintten .'] ['On a moonlit, tropical night, the native workers are asleep in their outdoor barracks. A shot is heard; the door of a house opens and a man stumbles out of it, followed by a woman who calmly shoots him several more times, the last few while standing over his body. The woman is Leslie Crosbie , the wife of a British rubber plantation manager in Malaya; the man whom she shot her manservant recognizes as Geoff Hammond , a well-regarded member of the European community. Leslie tells the servant to send for her husband Robert , who is working at one of the plantations. Her husband returns, having summoned his attorney and a British police inspector. Leslie tells them that Geoff Hammond "tried to make love to me" and that she killed him to save her honor. Leslie is placed under arrest and put in jail in Singapore to await trial for murder; that she killed a man makes such a trial inevitable, even though the white community accepts her story and believes she acted heroically. Only her attorney, Howard Joyce , is rather suspicious. Howard\'s suspicions seem justified when his clerk, Ong Chi Seng , shows him a copy of a letter Leslie wrote to Hammond the day she killed him, telling him that her husband would be away that evening, and pleading with him to come--implicitly threatening him if he did not come. Ong Chi Seng tells Howard that the original letter is in the possession of Hammond\'s widow , a Eurasian woman who lives in the Chinese quarter of town. The letter is for sale, and Ong himself, whom Howard had believed to be impeccable, stands to receive a substantial cut of the price. Howard then confronts Leslie with the damning evidence and she breaks down and confesses to Hammond\'s cold-blooded killing. Yet Leslie cleverly manipulates the attorney into agreeing to buy back the letter, even though in doing so he will risk his own freedom. Because the couple\'s bank account is in Robert\'s name, Howard obtains Robert\'s consent to buy the letter, but he does so deceitfully, lying about and trivializing its content, leaving out the true circumstances, and giving the man no idea that the price is equivalent to almost all the money he has in the bank. Robert, depicted as a decent man thoroughly in love with Leslie and somewhat gullible, is readily persuaded. Hammond\'s widow demands that Leslie come personally to hand over the $10,000 for the letter  and requires Leslie to debase herself by picking up the letter at the widow\'s feet. With the letter suppressed, Leslie is easily acquitted. During a celebration after the trial, when Robert announces that he plans to draw his savings out of his account in order to buy a rubber plantation in Sumatra, Howard and Leslie are forced to tell him that his savings are gone, that the impact of the letter would have hanged Leslie and its price was accordingly high. After demanding to see the letter, Robert is devastated to learn from Leslie that Hammond was her lover for years and that she killed him out of jealousy, but he offers to forgive her if she can swear that she loves him. Leslie at first agrees and tells him she loves him, but she then breaks down and confesses, "With all my heart, I still love the man I killed!" In a dazed state after the pressure of the trial and her confrontation with Robert, Leslie wanders out into the moonlight and outside the gate. There she is confronted by Mrs. Hammond and her henchman, a man who had worked for Leslie, a native not seen since the first scene of the film. The henchman overpowers Leslie and Mrs. Hammond stabs her. As the two attempt to silently slip out, they are confronted by a policeman. The clouds blot out the moonlight and darken the area where Leslie was killed; then the clouds open and the moon\'s rays shine where her body lies, but no one is there to see it.'] ['Notorious outlaw Wes McQueen  is freed from jail and heads off to the Colorado Territory to meet the man who arranged the escape, his old friend Dave Rickard . Along the way, the stagecoach he is riding in is attacked by a gang of robbers. When the driver and guard are both killed, McQueen kills or drives off the remaining gunmen, earning the gratitude of the other passengers, dreamer Fred Winslow  and his daughter Julie Ann . Winslow has bought a ranch sight unseen and looks forward to making his fortune. McQueen arrives at the ghost town of Todos Santos, where Reno Blake ([[John Archer  and Duke Harris ([[James Mitchell  are waiting for him, along with Reno\'s part-Indian girlfriend, Colorado Carson . After looking them over , he heads off to a nearby town to meet an ailing Rickard, who asks McQueen to pull off one last big train robbery so they can both retire. With the exception of Rickard, McQueen distrusts everybody else in the gang, including ex-private detective Pluthner ([[Harry Woods , who recruited Reno and Duke, and Homer Wallace , the railroad informant. McQueen wants to go straight, but agrees to do the job out of gratitude and friendship. While waiting for the robbery, McQueen decides to keep Colorado with him to avoid stirring up trouble between Duke and Reno. Although Colorado falls for him and tells him so, McQueen still dreams of marrying Julie Ann and settling down. When he visits the Winslow ranch, he finds it a poor, arid place. Winslow warns him that Julie Ann loves Randolph, a rich man back east. Winslow took her away because Randolph would never have married so far beneath him socially. McQueen, however, does not let the disclosure deter him. The day of the robbery, a suspicious McQueen talks to Wallace\'s wife and discovers he has betrayed the gang for the reward money. Forewarned, McQueen uncouples the passenger cars in which the sheriff and his men wait in ambush, leaving them behind. Duke and Reno, as prearranged with Pluthner, also try to double cross McQueen, but he is prepared for them too. He gets the drop on them, takes the money, and leaves the pair handcuffed together for the sheriff to capture and later hang. He and Colorado go to split the money with Rickard, only to find Pluthner over the old man\'s dead body. McQueen kills him, but is shot in the shoulder. A wounded McQueen heads to the Winslow ranch, where Winslow helps Colorado remove the bullet out, even after he is told who McQueen really is and what he has done. Later, McQueen overhears Julie Ann tell her father they should turn him in for the reward money. However, Winslow lies to the sheriff and his posse when they show up. McQueen realizes he loves Colorado and asks her to marry him. The happy couple plan a new life in Mexico, but are found hiding out in Todos Santos. He gives her the money, drives off her horse so she cannot follow him, and makes a desperate dash for the border. He is trapped in a long-deserted cliffside Indian settlement, but is too good a marksman for his pursuers to rush him. Eventually Colorado arrives on foot. Meanwhile, the sheriff comes up with a devious plan. After stationing an Indian sharpshooter, he and all but two of his men ride away to a  back entrance. As the lawman had hoped, Colorado grabs a gun from one of the men, orders them to walk away, and takes the two remaining horses to McQueen. McQueen emerges and is wounded by the sharpshooter. When the posse returns, Colorado shoots back, and the two lovers are killed in a hail of gunfire. In the closing scene, a priest at a church McQueen visited says, "A happy couple passed by here today." The priest rings the church bells.'] ["A private detective goes undercover in an asylum in search of a judge who is hiding out from the police. The detective was hired by a pretty reporter who is sure the judge is hiding out in the private sanitarium. The reporter and P.I. begin to fall in love as well as falling more and more into danger from abusive attendants and other guests of the asylum. Other inmates include an arsonist patient and 'The Champ', a man who attacks anyone put into a room with him."] ['Gagin ([[Robert Montgomery  arrives on a bus in San Pablo, a small rural town in New Mexico during its annual fiesta. He plans to confront and blackmail money from a mobster named Frank Hugo  as retribution for the death of his best friend Shorty. While Gagin waits for Hugo\'s arrival in his hotel room, an FBI agent Bill Retz ([[Art Smith  approaches and asks him to turn over any incriminating information he may have on Hugo so the federal government can prosecute him. Gagin denies having any information and says he\'s in town only as a tourist. Gagin has other plans than the prosecution of the mobster and when he\'s not able to shake the FBI agent, he takes refuge at an old carousel owned by the Pancho . At the carousel he meets Pila  an Indian teenage peasant who refuses to leave his side despite his efforts to discourage her. When Pila witnesses an attempt to kill Gagin, she and Pancho nurse his wounds, but when she leaves him alone for a moment he wanders back to Hugo\'s hotel in a delirious state. Pila catches up with Gagin as he reaches Hugo\'s room. Both are interrogated by Hugo and his henchmen until Retz intervenes. After giving Retz the evidence he was using to blackmail Hugo, Gagin leaves town. The story is somewhat changed from the novel, in which "Sailor,"  had wangled a deferment from serving in the war, the details of the blackmail and many others have been made less sordid, and the names of the other main non-Mexican characters  are different as well.'] ['After a year of marriage, Edward "Teddy" Bare  kills his wealthy older wife, Monica , after she asks her lawyer, Phillip Mortimer , to make a will. He stages it to look as if she was accidentally asphyxiated while drunkenly trying to light a gas heater. To his chagrin, he discovers that she actually intended to leave him all her money; instead, he only inherits the mansion from a prior will, while her millions are left in trust to her only relative, her sister Dora. Edward will receive the money if Dora dies. An inquest rules it an accident, but Phillip makes it clear he suspects Edward. When Edward asks where Dora lives, Phillip tells him she is too far away, in Jamaica. Edward manages to marry lower-class but well-off widow Freda Jeffries . She is more her husband\'s age, and much less trusting than her predecessor, keeping tight control of her fortune. As the death of a second spouse so soon after the first would be highly suspicious, he is powerless to do anything. The couple become acquainted with Charlotte Young , who is looking for a house to purchase for an equestrian school. As Edward was an estate agent before he married Monica, he shows her around, making Freda jealous. However, all is not as it seems. When they are alone, Edward not only reveals that he knows that Charlotte is actually Dora, he boldly admits killing her sister. Suspicious that he is trying to make her leave for some reason, she remains where she is. Eventually, however, Freda returns home and escorts Charlotte to the door. After she drives away, Edward tells Freda that he killed Monica, secure in the knowledge that a wife cannot be made to testify against her husband, and that he expects to inherit Charlotte\'s money shortly, as he has tampered with the brakes on her car. He is shocked when Phillip enters the room, having heard his confession, followed by his intended victim. She had returned to the house after meeting the lawyer at the estate\'s gate. Edward flees in his car, but the entrance is blocked by Charlotte\'s and Phillip\'s automobiles. With Phillip running after him, Edward switches to another vehicle, only to realize too late that he has taken Charlotte\'s. He is killed when he loses control and drives off a cliff.'] [' A flashback shows how Ellen met George in a naval hospital during World War II while she was dating his friend, Lieutenant Ranney Grahame , a young military doctor whose busy schedule left little time for her. George was a pilot and Ellen swiftly fell in love with him, although the flashback strongly hints he had some capacity for arrogance and selfishness. Nevertheless, they soon married and after the war wound up in a leafy suburban Los Angeles neighbourhood. Unhappily, George is now confined to his bed with heart problems, there is a heat wave and Ellen is spending most her time caring for him. George\'s doctor is their old friend Ranney, with whom George thinks his wife is having an affair. In response, Ranney suggests George may need psychological help. After Ellen tells her bedridden husband she dreams of having children, he becomes angry. Meanwhile George has written a letter to the district attorney in which he claims his wife and best friend are killing him with overdoses of medicine for his heart. A little neighbour boy dressed as a movie cowboy and warding cap pistols  befriends the childless Ellen, who gives him cookies. He hands her a toy  television set and asks Ellen to give it to George, which she does whilst serving her husband lunch in bed. He tells her an unsettling story about how as a child he had beaten a neighbour boy with a rake until he drew blood. Thinking the thick letter has something to do with insurance, Ellen gives it to the postman , who sees George in the upstairs bedroom window. When Ellen rushes up to find out why he has gotten out of bed, George lets her know what the letter says and who it is addressed to. George pulls a gun and is about to kill her when he drops dead on the bed. In her narration she describes George\'s death as "one of those awful dreams." Ellen panics over the letter and as noted by a reviewer over 50 years later, throughout the film\'s second half seems "much more concerned with absolving herself from the blame of his death than missing her spouse."<ref nameOctober 2012}}'] ['Ernie Driscoll is a former boxer who had to give up prize fighting after sustaining an injury in the ring and is now a New York taxi driver. His wife, Pauline, unhappy living a poor life, is having an affair with a richer man who happens to be a criminal. The thief, after being unable to sell some stolen diamonds, kills Pauline and then attempts to frame her husband with the crime.'] ['When a man calling himself Chris Hale arrives at the doorstep of her Ashton, Ohio house, asking to see his childhood home, widow Mrs. Brentman gladly invites him in. The unemployed Chris then accepts Mrs. Brentman\'s offer of a room and takes a job in the shipping department of the Corelli shoe factory. One night, Chris wanders into the Ashton country club and meets Elaine Corelli, his boss\'s beautiful but paralyzed daughter. Speaking of the days when he used to deliver newspapers to her door and adored her from afar, Chris amuses and fascinates the once-vibrant Elaine. The next day, Chris is called in to see Elaine\'s father A. J., who tells him that Elaine was so taken with him that she asked that he be given a better job in sales. Chris declines the offer, but assures Corelli, who is devoted to his daughter, that he will explain his decision to Elaine. As promised, Chris, a confessed gambler and drifter, shows up at the Corelli home to talk with Elaine. Although Chris\'s explanations are vague, his self-deprecating humor relaxes Elaine, who is finally able to joke about the skiing accident that left her paralyzed. The next morning, Chris flies to another city for a rendezvous with petty criminal Whitey Lake, who calls him "Steve." Chris and Whitey then rob gambling house owner Bowen of $200,000 in cash, knowing that the crime will never be reported. After advising Whitey to "disappear," Chris returns to Ashton and accepts an invitation for a double date from co-worker Ray Healy. When he then runs into Elaine, however, Chris breaks the date and takes the reluctant heiress to a working class nightclub. Chris\'s jilted date, Gwen, is also at the club and denounces him in front of Elaine. Although Chris wins a joking bet with Elaine that he can get Gwen to dance with him, Elaine grows despondent watching her would-be rival dance. Sure that Chris will come to resent her paralysis, Elaine leaves suddenly for Florida. When she returns at Christmas, however, Chris resumes his pursuit, and by New Year\'s Eve, the two are deeply in love. Chris\'s newfound happiness is short-lived, however, as Whitey shows up, broke and scared. Chris insists that Whitey, who is being chased by Bowen, stay locked up in Mrs. Brentman\'s house until he can figure out an escape plan. Whitey\'s nerves are soon frayed, and he begins tearing apart Chris\'s room in search of Bowen\'s money. Then, after he learns that Chris is sending Mrs. Brentman to see her son\'s grave in Arlington Cemetery, Whitey, who takes afternoon walks in defiance of Chris\'s orders, becomes convinced that his friend intends to kill him during her absence. Chris finally calms and reassures the now-hysterical Whitey, and sees Mrs. Brentman off at the airport. As he is driving home, he realizes that he is being followed by two men, but manages to reach Elaine\'s without detection. Chris confesses all to an understanding Elaine, who advises him to return the money. Elaine also reveals that, as she moved to Ashton as a teenager, she knew all along that he was lying about his past. By the time Chris returns to Mrs. Brentman\'s, Whitey has been killed and the money, reclaimed. The killers then take Chris to see the vengeful Bowen, who, while riding in a car with his prisoner, suggests they both rob Elaine of her fortune. Disgusted, Chris tries to take Bowen\'s driver by surprise, but is shot by Bowen in the ensuing struggle. The car crashes, and Chris winds up in a police hospital. As the recuperated Chris is about to be transferred to prison, Elaine visits and vows to wait until his release, when he will finally need her the way she has always needed him.'] ['Mal Granger  somehow rises from telephone repairman to head of a major illegal gambling operation and Lt. Wright  of the Los Angeles police is out to get him. Knowing how much Granger likes to bet on the horses, small-time bookmaker Chippie Evans ([[Sammy White  proposes a scheme in which Granger\'s expertise at the phone company would provide gangster Vince Walters  with race results in advance. Granger accepts the offer and also takes an interest in Walters\' attractive assistant, Trudy , but she is arrested. Granger\'s new method of getting track info out to the bookies makes him invaluable to Walters. He threatens to cut Walter\'s off cold unless he is cut in as a 25% partner. Walters gives in. When Granger tells Chippie about this plan the day before, one of the great lines in noir is uttered: Chippie: " Walters\' wouldn\'t cut his grandmother in " Granger: " I know he will.. I got him by the short hairs ." How that line got by censors,? When Walter\'s puts the squeeze on a small time bookie who owes him, the bookie kills Walters, then kills himself up on Kingsley Rd. Granger takes full control of the wire service. East Coast mob henchman Larry Mason  is sent by mob boss Karl Stevens  to get a piece of the action. He travels west and uses his own wife Gail  as bait to distract Granger, who isn\'t aware he is being cheated until Trudy returns and tells him. Instead of a 50/50 split with his new partners, Granger is being short changed for " necessary expenses" he his told. He vows to get even. Granger is in love with Gail anyway and incensed when Mason beats her. He hires a man named Gizzi  to kill Mason. Once Gizzi realizes who Granger is, he blackmails him instead. Granger runs Gizzi\'s car off the famous  in his Cadillac when Gizzi tells him HE is his new partner. Using his telephone know-how, Granger places a call to Lt. Wright that makes it appear he is in Palm Springs and has an alibi. He is actually in LA, then goes to meet Gail in Palm Springs. The police trace Grangers\' car to a repair shop & match it with the paint on the pier, tieing him to Gizzi\'s death. In the meantime he, Gail and Chippie try to get the Syndicate\'s money with a pass post phone line swindle. Chippie is recognized in the casino by a former bookie Granger had roughed up. The mob grabs Chippie, determine Granger is in town, call Lt. Wright. Granger and Gail flee, but at Boulder Dam they are cornered by police. Granger is killed and Gail is placed under arrest.'] ['The film opens with a three-minute, twenty-second tracking shot widely considered by criticsAlan Bacchus; The Long Take, Daily Film Dose, May 4, 2007; http://www.dailyfilmdose.com/2007/05/long-take.html as one of the greatest long takes in cinematic history. On the U.S.-Mexico border, a man plants a time bomb in a car. A man and woman enter the vehicle and make a slow journey through town to the U.S. border. Newlyweds Miguel "Mike" Vargas  and Susie  pass the car several times on foot. The car crosses the border, then explodes, killing the occupants.  Miguel Vargas is a drug enforcement official in the Mexican government. Realizing the implications of a Mexican bomb exploding on American soil, he takes an interest in the investigation. Police Chief Pete Gould ([[Harry Shannon  and District Attorney Adair ([[Ray Collins  arrive on the scene, followed by police Captain Hank Quinlan  and Quinlan\'s longtime partner, Pete Menzies . Quinlan and Menzies\' prime suspect is Sanchez, a young Mexican secretly married to the victim\'s daughter. They interrogate him in his apartment with Vargas present. Vargas visits the bathroom and accidentally knocks over an empty shoebox. Moments later, Menzies announces that two sticks of dynamite were found in the same, empty, shoebox in the bathroom. Vargas suspects Quinlan may have been planting evidence for years to help win convictions. Quinlan dismisses Vargas\' claim saying he is just biased in favor of fellow Mexicans. With assistance from District Attorney\'s Assistant Al Schwartz , Vargas studies the public records on Quinlan\'s previous cases, revealing his findings to Gould and Adiar. Quinlan arrives on the scene in time to overhear the discussion and angrily threatens to resign. Susie moved from her Mexican hotel to an American motel to escape the unwanted attention of Grandi , brother of a man Vargas has been investigating. She finds the motel, which Menzies recommended to her, has no other guests and is staffed only by a mentally challenged night manager . Grandi family members take over the motel. Vargas becomes concerned when his attempts to telephone Susie at the motel are sabotaged. Quinlan conspires with Grandi; they arrange for Susie to be kidnapped by the gang, injected with drugs, and taken to Grandi’s other motel in town. There, Quinlan strangles Grandi and frames Susie for the murder in order to discredit Vargas. Vargas confronts Menzies about the history of evidence "discovered" by Menzies or Quinlan. Menzies dismisses the claim. Vargas goes to Susie\'s motel but discovers her - and the gun he left with her - missing. Learning the motel is owned by Grandi, Vargas travels to Grandi\'s other motel in search of Susie, and confronts the gang members who attacked her; when the gang members refuse to answer him, Vargas violently beats them down. Al informs Vargas that Susie has been arrested for murder; at the lockup Vargas finds her barely conscious. Menzies reveals to Vargas he discovered Quinlan\'s cane at the murder scene. Vargas fits Menzies with a wire. Menzies confronts Quinlan at an oil refinery and they discuss Quinlan\'s activities while being tracked on foot by Vargas recording the conversation. Quinlan states to Menzies that he planted evidence on people, but they were nevertheless "guilty, guilty". Quinlan hears the feedback; Quinlan says his "game leg" informs him of Menzies\' wire. Quinlan demands Vargas show himself; when he does, Quinlan shoots Menzies with Vargas\' gun. Quinlan prepares to shoot Vargas, but is shot by the dying Menzies. It is revealed Sanchez has confessed and really did commit the crime. Vargas leaves town with Susie.'] ["Hunting guide Mike Davis comes across a cache of diamonds in a remote region of South Africa, but refuses to reveal its location even under torture at the hand of the diamond company's security chief, Vogel. The company's owner, Martingale, tries a different tactic by hiring a beautiful woman, Suzanne Renaud, to seduce Davis and find out where the diamonds can be found."] ['The film\'s opening intertitle reads: :"This story is told against a background of political unrest in a city of Northern Ireland. It is not concerned with the struggle between the law and an illegal organisation, but only with the conflict in the hearts of the people when they become unexpectedly involved." The city and the organisation are never explicitly named, but the protagonist, Johnny McQueen , is the IRA-like group\'s leader in the city. Johnny has been hiding the past six months since his escape from prison in a house occupied by Kathleen Sullivan , who loves him, and her grannie. Johnny has been ordered to rob a mill to obtain funds. His men, however, are a bit uneasy about his fitness for the task, having noticed a change in him since his escape; he has expressed his new belief that negotiation might achieve their goals more effectively than violence. Dennis  offers to take his place, but Johnny turns him down. Johnny, Nolan  and Murphy get the money. As they leave, Johhny is confronted by an armed cashier. Johnny is shot in the left arm before he kills the cashier. Pat  drives off at high speed before Johnny is fully inside the getaway car. Johnny falls off. While his confederates argue about what to do, Johnny gets up and dashes away. Dennis orders the others to report to headquarters. Along the way, however, the trio arouse the suspicion of the police, out in force on a manhunt for the robbers. They are pursued, but get away. Pat and Nolan stop off at Theresa O\'Brien\'s place; Murphy does not trust her and goes elsewhere. She betrays the pair to the authorities. As they leave, they are gunned down after they start shooting. Dennis finds Johnny, but the police show up nearby. Dennis is captured after drawing them away. Johnny makes his way toward Kathleen\'s place, but collapses in the street. Passersby Maureen and Maudie take him home, thinking he has been struck by a passing lorry. When they discover who he is, Johnny departs and gets into a parked hansom cab. "Gin" Jimmy , the cabdriver, comes out and starts looking for a fare, unaware he already has a wanted man for a passenger. When he finds out, he drops Johnny off as quickly as he can. Shell  spots him dumping the now nearly unconscious fugitive. A poor man, he goes to Catholic priest Father Tom , hoping for a financial reward. By chance, Kathleen arrives shortly afterward, looking for help. Father Tom persuades Shell to fetch Johnny. Shell, while dropping off his pet bird at home, has to fend off another resident, painter Lukey , who wants him to pose some more for him. Meanwhile, Johnny revives and stumbles into a private booth in a crowded bar. Proprietor Fencie  recognises him; wanting no trouble, he closes his establishment a bit early. He then recruits Shell and the persistent Lukey, who have separately converged on the bar, to take Johnny away in a cab. Over Shell\'s protests, Lukey takes Johnny back to his studio to paint his portrait. Failed medical student Tober  tends to Johnny\'s wound as best he can. Johnny hallucinates, thinking Father Tom is talking to him. Johnny then speaks aloud parts of 1 Corinthians 13, first verse 13 , then 1-2 . When a sympathetic police inspector , who had earlier led a search of Katleen\'s home and warned her against getting involved, shows up to try to get information from Father Tom, Kathleen slips away. She arranges passage on a ship for Johnny and goes searching for him. Shell starts Johnny toward Father Tom\'s, then goes ahead and encounters Kathleen. She takes Johnny to the ship, but finds the police closing in. Johnny is too far gone to see them. When he asks, "Is it far?", Kathleen replies, "It\'s a long way, Johnny, but I\'m coming with you." She then draws a gun and starts firing, forcing the policemen to shoot back, killing them both.'] ["Bank teller Vince Grayson  dreams that he stabs a man in an octagonal room of mirrors and locks the body in a closet. When he wakes up, he discovers marks on his throat, a strange key and a button in his pocket, and blood on his cuff. Cliff Herlihy , his police officer brother-in-law, tries to convince him it was just a dream. A few days later, while trying to find cover from the rain, the pair finds themselves taking shelter in the strange house from Vince's dream. They discover that the police found two bodies in the house, one in the mirrored room and one run over in the driveway. Mrs. Belknap, who was run over by a car, gave the police a description matching Vince before she died. At first Vince is hopeful that he is innocent because he does not know how to drive, but he recognizes the victims from his dream. Overcome with remorse, he attempts suicide, but is rescued by Cliff. The detective uncovers clues that point to an evil hypnotist  manipulating Vince. They realize that the hypnotist is actually Mr. Belknap in disguise and try to trap him by pretending that Vince wants hush money. Belknap puts Vince under hypnosis and tries to get him to drown himself. Cliff rescues him from the lake and Mr. Belknap is killed in a car accident as he is trying to evade the police. It is implied that Vince will be acquitted of all charges since he killed the man in the mirrored room in self defense."] ['Harry Quincy  is an amiable middle-aged man working as a designer in a fabric mill in the small town of Corinth. Younger people in the factory call him "Uncle Harry". He lives as a bachelor in a large house with his two sisters; Lettie  and Hester . Lettie is pretty but spoiled, and idles days away in bed, feigning numerous ailments. Hester is a widow and is harder working. It is made clear that although the family was rich, the monies were lost in the Depression. Everything is disrupted by the arrival of a new young female designer at the mill. Deborah  comes from New York and is slim, elegant, and very well-dressed. She clearly likes Harry and they fall in love. Planning to get married they aim to both live in the big family house, but this involves the sisters finding a new home. Whilst this is not an issue for Hester, Lettie is very resistant. After several months of having their marriage plans sabotaged, one Sunday, Harry and Deborah plan to run off to New York and just get married that evening. However their plan is thwarted when Lettie collapses and is taken to hospital. Deborah makes Harry choose: Lettie or her. He chooses his sister and they part, seemingly forever. To make things worse, Harry hears that Deborah is getting married in New York. Harry feels betrayed and recalls that Lettie bought some poison for the possible euthanization of their dog. One night, he slips some of the same poison, found in Lettie\'s desk, into her late night hot chocolate. Unfortunately due to some confusion, Hester drinks from it instead and drops dead. When the housekeeper sees it, she says that she did not think Lettie had it in her, but was aware that the sisters were always arguing. Harry sees his chance and conspires to blame the death on Lettie, as the more obviously motivated perpetrator. The local townsfolk are all sure of Lettie\'s guilt. The jury agrees; Lettie is sentenced to hang. Harry has a change of heart and brings a written confession to the prison governor. However, he thinks Harry is just a nice man trying to save his wicked sister. He says it does not make sense; Harry wanted her dead, but now wants to save her. Lettie sees him and seems happy to hang and leave him with the guilt on his shoulders. However, to satisfy the Motion Picture Production Code, everything from the discovery of the poison bottle turns out to be imaginary. Harry pours the poison in the bin. Deborah bursts in saying she decided not to marry the other man and has come back for him.'] [' The movie follows the rise and fall of a con man — a story that begins and ends at a seedy traveling carnival. Stanton "Stan" Carlisle  joins the carnival, working with "Mademoiselle Zeena"  and her alcoholic husband, Pete . Once a top-billed act, Zeena and Pete used an ingenious code to make it appear that she had extraordinary mental powers, until her  misdeeds drove Pete to drink and reduced them to working in a third-rate outfit. Stanton learns that many people want to buy the code from Zeena for a lot of money, but she won\'t sell; she is saving it as a nest egg. He tries to romance Zeena into teaching it to him, but she remains faithful to her husband and even hopes to send him to an detox clinic for alcoholics. One night in Texas, Stanton accidentally gives Pete the wrong bottle: the old man dies from drinking wood alcohol instead of moonshine. To keep her act going, Zeena is forced to teach Stanton the mind-reading code so that he can serve as her assistant. Stanton however, prefers the company of the younger Molly . When their romance is found out, the remainder of the carnies forced the pair into a shotgun marriage. No longer welcome in the carnival, Stanton realizes this is actually a golden opportunity for him. He and his wife leave the carnival. He becomes "The Great Stanton", performing to enraptured audiences in expensive nightclubs. However, he has higher ambitions. With crooked Chicago psychologist Lilith Ritter  providing him with information about her patients, Stan passes himself off as someone who can actually communicate with the dead. The plan almost works, until Stanton tries to swindle skeptical Ezra Grindle  by having Molly pose as the ghost of Grindle\'s long-lost love. When the heartbroken Grindle breaks down, Molly refuses to play the charade and confesses to Grindle. In the meantime, Ritter has scammed Stanton by giving him only a $150 of Grindle\'s money rather than the promised $150,000, and by vowing to testify that he is mentally disturbed should he accuse her of complicity. Stanton and Molly leave town hurriedly. Stanton gives the $150 to Molly and urges her return to the carnival world where people care for her, while he gradually sinks into alcoholism. Finally, the fallen Stanton tries to get a job at another carnival, only to suffer the ultimate degradation: the only job he can get is playing the geek, eating live chickens in a sideshow. Unable to stand his life any further, he goes berserk, but fortunately, Molly happens to work in the same carnival. Stan regains hope when he sees her again, and Molly vows to nurse him back to health -- but their reunion is bittersweet, being reminiscent of Zeena nursing the ever-drunk Pete. This conclusion, while somewhat dark and ambiguous, differs from the novel, which implies that Stanton is doomed to work as a geek until he drinks himself to death.'] ['Mike Lambert takes to driving a truck when he falls on hard times. When his rig brakes stop working in a small town he meets Paula Craig  at the La Paloma Cafe and is quickly drawn into a criminal plot devised by the seductive femme fatale. Paula talks her boyfriend, Stephen, into robbing the bank that he manages. The two then drug Mike, intending to frame him for the crime. Paula then kills Stephen and takes all of the stolen cash. She then tells Mike that he is the one who killed Stephen in a drunken rage and that she has covered up for him, thereby implicating herself. She begs him to run away with her. Mike considers her offer until he learns that his close friend Jeff has been accused of the killing—and that Paula intends to pin the robbery that Stephen committed on his friend.'] ["A woman's sister goes missing in Los Angeles. She goes to city hall to see if she can get any information about her disappearance. Although the police at first can't assist she does get support from a local crime reporter. The two investigate the disappearance which leads them to a shady detective and a black-market baby ring."] ["DCI Bernie Reid's latest case is the mystery of a man brutally murdered in a London apartment building. As an insomniac going through a divorce, Reid's concentration on the case is further complicated after an encounter with Anna, an enigmatic figure. He tracks her down to a party where Anna denies any knowledge of having already met him. Despite her protestations, there is a mutual attraction between them both. Bernie's professional ethics come into question as he grows more attached to Anna, who is about to unveil a dark mystery.Charlotte Rampling & Gabriel Byrne Starring In Noir Thriller 'I, Anna' Indie Wire. 1 February 2011"] ["When orphaned Jimmy Mason is taken in by his Aunt Emma and Uncle Henry, he meets their boarder Matt Kelly, who impresses the young man with his boastful swagger and alleged political connections, although in reality he's a bootlegger. The boy's life is disrupted when, as one of Kelly's hired hands, he refuses to identify his boss during a police raid and is sentenced to three years of hard labor in reform school, where he befriends a sickly boy named Shorty, who eventually is sent to solitary confinement. When Jimmy realizes his new pal is seriously ill and desperately needs medical attention, he escapes and goes to Kelly and Kelly's girl friend, Peggy Gardner, for help. Peggy contacts newspaper columnist Frank Gebhardt, who is anxious to expose the conditions at the state industrial school. The authorities find Jimmy at Gebhardt's office, but before they can apprehend him Kelly admits his involvement in the bootlegging operation and the boy is set free. He discovers Shorty has died, victimized by a corrupt system."] ['In Madrid in 1980, Enrique Goded, a young film director, is looking for his next project when he receives the unexpected visit of an actor looking for work. The actor claims to be Enrique\'s boarding school friend and first love, Ignacio Rodriguez. Ignacio, who is using now the name Ángel Andrade, has brought with him a short story titled "The Visit" hoping that Enrique would be interested in making a film out of it giving him the starring role. Enrique is intrigued since "The Visit" described their time together at the Catholic school and it also includes a fictionalized account of their reunion many years later as adults. "The Visit" is set in 1977. It tells the story of a drag artist and transsexual called Zahara, whose name at birth is Ignacio. Zahara plans to rob a drunken admirer but discovers that the man is her boyhood lover Enrique. Next she visits her old school and confronts father Manolo, who abused her when she was a boy. She demands one million pesetas from him in exchange for halting publication of her story "The Visit". The story is set in a Catholic boarding school for boys in 1964. At the school, Ignacio, a young boy with a beautiful singing voice, is the object of lust of Father Manolo, the school principal and literature teacher. Ignacio has found his first love and cinema in the company of Enrique, a classmate. One night Father Manolo discovers them together and threatens to expel Enrique. In an attempt to prevent this, Ignacio gives himself to Father Manolo. The priest molests Ignacio, but expels Enrique anyway. Enrique wants to adapt Ignacio\'s story into a film, but Ángel\'s condition is that he plays the part of Zahara, the transsexual lead. Enrique remains skeptical, for he feels that the Ignacio whom he loved and the Ignacio of today are totally different people. He drives to Galicia to Ignacio\'s mother and learns that the real Ignacio has been dead for four years and that the man who came to his office is really Ignacio\'s younger brother, Juan. Enrique\'s interest is piqued, and he decides to do the movie with Juan in the role of Ignacio to find out what drives Juan. Enrique and Ángel start a relationship, and Enrique revises the script so that it ends with Father Manolo, whom Ignacio was trying to blackmail to get money for sex reassignment surgery, having Ignacio murdered. When the scene is shot, Ángel breaks out in tears unexpectedly. The movie set is visited by Manuel Berenguer, who is the real Father Manolo, who has resigned from Church duty. Berenguer confesses to Enrique that the new ending of the film is not far from the truth: the real Ignacio blackmailed Berenguer, who somehow managed to scratch together the money but also took an interest in Ignacio\'s younger brother, Juan. Juan and Manuel started a relationship and after a while realized they both wanted to see Ignacio dead. Juan scored some very pure heroin, so that his brother would die by overdose after shooting up. After the crime, the relationship disintegrates; Berenguer wants to continue the relationship with Juan, but Juan is uninterested. Berenguer claims that he will never let Juan go, and Juan threatens to kill him if Berenguer continues to pursue him. Berenguer attempts to blackmail Juan for his part in the murder of Ignacio. Enrique is shocked and not at all interested in Juan\'s weak vindications for what he did to his brother. Finally, before he leaves, Juan gives Enrique a piece of paper: a letter to Enrique that Ignacio was in the middle of typing when he died. In the epilogue, it is mentioned that Enrique releases his film later and achieves great success. Despite the grief and guilt of his brother, Juan also achieves success, but was later relegated to television work. Berenguer dies in a hit-and-run .'] ["Slick lawyer Thomas Farrell has made a career of defending mobsters in trials. It's not until he meets showgirl Vicki at a mob party that he realizes that there's more to life than winning trials. Farrell tries to quit the racket, but mob boss Rico Angelo threatens to hurt Vicki if Farrell leaves him. Angelo is probably a composite based on figures like Al Capone and Lucky Luciano. Elements in the film may be very loosely based on Luciano's feud with Dutch Schultz, but an episode where Angelo attacks someone with a metal cue may be based on a similar incident involving Capone. Farrell is loosely based on a real lawyer, Dixie Davis."] ['The story is told in flashback from Death Row as Ronnie Jackson  relates the events to a group of reporters the events that lead to his predicament. Jackson is a baby photographer who dreams about being a real private detective like his friend Sam McCloud . One day he is mistaken for a detective by a mysterious lady in distress  and soon finds himself involved in a murder mystery.'] ['A family, the Stilwins embark on a vacation into desolate Baja California and a remote, deserted fishing spot along the coast the father used to frequent with his old military buddies. At a roadside barricade heading into the serious Baja outback, they are inspected by police but aren’t told about a deranged killer who has escaped from prison and is at large in the area. Upon arrival at the secret fishing spot, young Bobby goes exploring out onto a rotting pier. He can’t work his way back, and when Dad attempts to come to his son’s rescue, the pier gives way. Dad isn’t hurt, but a piling falls on his leg and traps him on the beach just as the tide is coming in. The Stilwins quickly determine that if Pop isn’t freed within a few hours, he will drown in the rising surf. All attempts to move the log are futile and wife Helen takes the car to get help. However, an escaped criminal kidnaps her. Can the woman get back to her husband before he drowns in the surf?'] ["Widmark plays Skip McCoy, an insolent pickpocket who steals the wallet of Candy . Unbeknownst to Skip or Candy, the wallet contains a microfilm of top-secret government information. Candy was delivering an envelope as a final favor to her ex-boyfriend, Joey. But Candy didn't know the envelope's content, nor did she know that Joey was a Communist spy. Joey's espionage had been under Federal investigation for months. Skip is soon the subject of a manhunt: wanted by police, federal agents, and by Candy and Joey. Candy attempts to seduce Skip, but he turns her down. But when Skip discovers the importance of the microfilm, he rejects the cops' appeals to patriotism and instead offers the microfilm to whoever can deliver $25,000. After Candy realizes that Skip had set her up, she changes sides in the scheme and confesses her love for Skip. A Communist agent interrogates Moe . Skip's only real friend, she refuses to rat him out. The agent kills her in cold blood, and Skip vows revenge. The agent, Joey, then confronts Candy in her apartment. She has obtained 4 of the 5 film slides from Skip, but refuses to tell Joey where the last is, and he shoots her. The cops then arrive and try to arrest Joey, who escapes and chases after Skip. He runs into Skip on the subway where the two engage in a climatic battle that ends with Skip beating Joey to death. Thanking him for his help, the police wipe Skip's record, and he finally leaves with a recovered Candy hoping to start a new life."] ["Two years after her husband's death, Christine Faber  thinks she hears her late husband  calling out of the surf on the beach one night. She meets a tall dark man named Alexis  who seems to know all about her. After more ghostly manifestations, Christine and her younger sister  become enmeshed in the strange life of Alexis; but he in turn finds himself manipulated into deeper cruelness than he had in mind."] ["Nancy Ordway  is an aspiring writer hoping to make it big in New York at the expense of everyone around her, including Broadway producer Peter Denver , who reluctantly lets her use his apartment to work during the day. When Peter's wife Iris  comes home from a trip to find Nancy dead in the bathroom, the assigned detective, Lt. Bruce , soon realizes this assumed suicide is more likely a murder. Everyone Ordway knew is suddenly a suspect, including actress Lottie Marin  and her husband Brian, while a series of flashbacks reveal the plan she was weaving to climb the social ladder."] [' Alan Squier , once a British intellectual and writer, now a penniless alcoholic drifter, wanders into a roadside diner in the Petrified Forest area in northern Arizona. The diner is run by Jason Maple , his daughter Gabrielle , and her grandfather , "an old man who was missed by Billy the Kid." Alan recounts his European adventures and Gabrielle is instantly smitten with him. Gabrielle\'s mother, a French war bride who fell in love with Jason when he was a young, handsome American serviceman, left her "dull defeated man" and moved back to France when Gabrielle was a baby. She now sends poetry to Gabrielle, who dreams of moving to Bourges to become an artist. She shows Alan her paintings – the first time she has shown them to anyone – and reads him a favorite Villon poem. Boze Hertzlinger , Gabrielle\'s blue-collar boyfriend, grows jealous of Alan, who assures him that he intends to leave forthwith. Alan mooches a ride from wealthy tourists Mr. and Mrs. Chisholm ([[Paul Harvey , but before they can depart, Duke Mantee , a famous gangster fleeing a massive police pursuit, invades the diner with his gang and takes the entire group hostage.  Everyone is of course terrified, except Alan, who has little to live for. Indifferent to the danger, he engages Duke in lively conversation and toasts him as "the last great apostle of rugged individualism." As the police converge on the restaurant, Duke prepares to flee, announcing that he will bring Mr. and Mrs. Chisholm with him as human shields. Alan has an inspiration: With Gabrielle in another room, he produces a life insurance policy he is carrying with him, and amends it, making Gabrielle the beneficiary. Then he asks Duke to kill him, so that Gabrielle can use the insurance money to make her dream of studying art in France a reality. "It couldn\'t make any difference to you, Duke. After all, if they catch you, they can hang you only once...Living, I\'m worth nothing to her; dead, I can buy her the tallest cathedrals, and golden vineyards, and dancing in the streets." The police close in; Duke obliges Alan by shooting him. "So long, pal," growls Duke, "I\'ll be seein\' ya soon." He exits, only to be gunned down himself by the waiting posse. Alan dies in Gabrielle\'s arms, secure in the knowledge that she, alone among the film\'s principals, will escape her dead-end existence to pursue her dreams.'] ['The film opens with a brief glimpse of a copper refinery owned by Thor Carlsson . The metal is shipped out on Carlsson Copper trains that run right behind a young boy\'s house, who stares out forlornly at the tracks. The film resumes at the University of Pennsylvania in 1987. A blonde student, Dorothy Carlsson  doodles in her notebook during class, drawing herself being married to a suitor. After class, she changes into a more formal outfit, and runs into her friend Patricia Farren  on her way out. Patricia asks if she is going to meet her "mystery man", but Dorothy claims she is just going to meet her father for lunch. On her way across town, Dorothy asks the cab to wait while she buys a new pair of shoes. At city hall, she meets Jonathan Corliss . The couple go up to the marriage license bureau, but it is closed for lunch. They discuss how her father would disown her if he knew what she was doing. Jonathan convinces her to wait for the office to reopen on the roof of the building. Eventually, he tosses her over the edge, taking her gold lighter and cigarettes, leaving her purse and tossing her new shoes after her plunging body. In the lobby, he mails a letter and calmly walks past her body as the crowd gathers. Thor and his daughter Ellen, Dorothy\'s twin sister, are shocked to find out Dorothy was pregnant and to read Dorothy\'s suicide note, which was mailed the day she died. Ellen cannot believe that her sister would kill herself. Jonathan returns to his working class home in Pittsburgh. He has a portfolio of clippings regarding the Carlsson family and fortunes, particularly the suicides of Thor\'s wife and son. He promises his mother that he will make something of his life, and then he hitches to New York. He gets a ride from Jay Farraday  who reveals that he is a bohemian drifter whose parents had died on Korean Air Lines Flight 007. The film jumps forward four months and follows Ellen as she works at Castle House, a shelter and outreach program working to help troubled kids and prostitutes. Ellen takes off from the night shift to visit Philadelphia and investigate Dorothy\'s death. She meets with Detective Dan Corelli  and shows her the drawing Dorothy had made in class of her wedding. Because the drawing is dated on the day she died, and given the fact that the building houses a marriage license bureau, Ellen believes Dorothy had no motive to kill herself, and that the suicide note must have been mailed as a cover. She believes that Dorothy must have been lured to her death with the promise of marriage, and that her killer was her boyfriend. Det. Corelli dismisses her theory, and Ellen returns to the UPenn campus, speaking with Patricia, who reveals that Dorothy had been dating some mystery man. Patricia\'s tip leads Ellen to the law library where she meets Dorothy\'s ex-boyfriend Tommy Roussell . Tommy explains that he had a breakdown after his relationship with Dorothy ended, and he was out of school when she died. He remembered that she was dating a new man, and he takes her back to his apartment in order to show her the yearbook photo of the man she was dating. Ellen waits outside Tommy\'s building, while Jonathan silently stalks her in his car. Tommy finds Jonathan\'s photo in the yearbook, but as he heads downstairs, Jonathan surprises him and strangles Tommy with his belt. He types a suicide note that admits to killing Dorothy on Tommy\'s computer and strings his body up. Ellen seems convinced that Tommy must have killed Dorothy. Back in New York, she gets ready for bed, when her boyfriend comes over. Jonathan has assumed the identity of Jay Faraday and begun a relationship with Ellen. The pair seem quite happy, and she has no idea who he really is. As their relationship develops, they work together at Castle House, and Jay manages to impress Thor with his ambition and good nature. Ellen and Jay marry, and he begins to work for Carlsson Copper. One day, he intercepts a phone call from Patricia, who is heading to New York because she has remembered the identity of Dorothy\'s boyfriend at the time that she died. Jay claims that Ellen is out of town, but arranges for Patricia to wait in her hotel room for a call from Ellen the next day at 6:30 p.m. At that time, he attacks Patricia, strangling her and dismembering her body in the bathtub. He stuffs her carcass in a suitcase, and packs it in the trunk of his car, before going out on a date with Ellen. After dropping Ellen off back home, he dumps the suitcase off of a bridge into the East River. A police detective visits Ellen to ask if Patricia had contacted her. He is investigating her disappearance, and Ellen\'s name and number were in Patricia\'s diary. The disappearance strikes Ellen as one coincidence too many. She calls Tommy\'s parents and confirms that he was institutionalized at the time of Dorothy\'s death. She then asks Det. Corelli to reopen the investigation, but he turns up nothing new. One night when she is at a bar with Jay, one of his co-workers from a burger joint back at UPenn recognizes him as Jonathan Corliss. Jay insists that he is mistaken, eventually hitting him. The incident deeply unsettles Ellen, who digs up an old UPenn yearbook, where she finds a picture of Jonathan, confirming that he looks identical to Jay. She tracks down Jonathan\'s mother, who explains that Jonathan died three years ago. Ellen visits Jonathan\'s mother in the house where he grew up, and hears about his childhood. After the mother leaves, Ellen sneaks back into the house to snoop around Jonathan\'s room. She finds his suitcase of clippings about her family, which also contains her sister\'s lighter. Jonathan has followed her back to his home, and he confesses that he killed Jay Faraday and assumed his identity since no one would miss him. He had planned to position himself in the Carlsson lineage by marrying Dorothy, but her unplanned pregnancy had meant that she would be disinherited. He unties his belt and approaches Ellen explaining that he will simply have to comfort her father as he loses another child. Ellen manages to escape, fleeing out the back of the house and up to the train tracks. Jonathan pursues her and is run over by a Carlsson train.'] [' The film\'s plot is continually narrated by Johnny Farrell , a small-time American gambler newly arrived in Buenos Aires, Argentina. When he wins a lot of money cheating at craps, he has to be rescued from a robbery attempt by a complete stranger, Ballin Mundson . Mundson tells him about an illegal high-class casino, but warns him not to practice his skills there. Farrell ignores his advice, cheats at blackjack, and is taken by two men to see the casino\'s owner, who turns out to be Mundson. Farrell talks Mundson into hiring him and quickly gains his confidence. However, the unimpressed washroom attendant, Uncle Pio , keeps calling him "peasant". One day, Mundson returns from a trip with a beautiful and spirited new wife, Gilda . It is immediately apparent that Johnny and Gilda have a history together, though both deny it when Mundson questions them. Johnny visits Gilda alone in the bedroom she shares with her husband, and the two have an explosive confrontation that elucidates both their past romantic relationship, which ended badly, and their love-hate dynamic. While it is unclear just how much Mundson knows of Gilda and Johnny\'s past relationship, he appears to be in ignorance when he assigns Farrell to keep an eye on Gilda. Johnny and Gilda are both consumed with their hatred of each other, as Gilda cavorts with men at all hours in increasingly more blatant efforts to enrage Johnny, and he grows more abusive and spiteful in his treatment of her. Meanwhile, Mundson is visited by two German businessmen. Their secret organization had financed a tungsten cartel, with everything put in Mundson\'s name to hide their connection to it. However, when they decide it is safe to take over, Mundson refuses to transfer ownership to his backers. The Argentine secret police are interested in the Germans; government agent Obregon  introduces himself to Farrell to try to obtain information, but the American knows nothing about that aspect of Mundson\'s operations. When the Germans return later, Mundson shoots and kills one of them. That same night, at Mundson\'s house, Farrell and Gilda have another hostile confrontation, which begins with them angrily declaring their hate for each other, and ends with them passionately kissing. Mundson arrives at that moment, then flees to a waiting airplane. Farrell and Obregon witness its short flight; the plane explodes shortly after takeoff and plummets into the ocean. However, Mundson has parachuted to safety, thus faking his death. With Mundson apparently dead, Gilda inherits his estate. Gilda and Johnny marry, but while Gilda married him for love, Johnny has married her to punish them both for their mutual betrayal of Mundson. He stays away, but has her guarded day and night out of contempt for her and loyalty to Mundson. Gilda tries to escape the tortured marriage a number of times , but Johnny is ultimately able to thwart every attempt, determined to keep her trapped in the relationship that has become a prison for them both. Finally, Obregon tells Farrell that Gilda was never truly unfaithful to Mundson or to him, prompting Farrell to try to reconcile with her. At that moment, Mundson reappears, armed with a gun. He faked his death to deceive the Nazis. Mundson tells them he will have to kill them both, but Uncle Pio manages to fatally stab him in the back. Obregon shows up, and Johnny tries to take the blame for the murder. Uncle Pio finally credits Johnny for being a true gentleman, while insisting that he had killed Mundson. Obregon reminds them both that Mundson had technically died years before, but there is also such a thing as justifiable homicide. Farrell gives Obregon the incriminating documents from Mundson\'s safe, and the police confiscate the estate for the government. Farrell and Gilda finally reconcile and confess their mutual love, and apologize for the many emotional wounds they have inflicted on each another.'] ['Ralph Meeker plays Mike Hammer, a tough Los Angeles private eye who is almost as brutal and corrupt as the crooks he chases. Mike, and his assistant/secretary/lover, Velda , usually work on "penny-ante divorce cases". One evening on a lonely country road, Hammer gives a ride to Christina , an attractive hitchhiker wearing nothing but a trench coat. She has escaped from a nearby mental institution. Thugs waylay them and Hammer awakens in some unknown location where he hears Christina screaming and being tortured to death. The thugs then push Hammer\'s car off a cliff with Christina\'s body and an unconscious Hammer inside. Hammer next awakens in a hospital with Velda by his bedside. He decides to pursue the case, both for vengeance and because, "She  must be connected with something big" behind it all.  The twisting plot takes Hammer to the apartment of Lily Carver , a sexy, waif-like blond who is posing as Christina\'s ex-roommate. Lily tells Hammer she has gone into hiding and asks Hammer to protect her. It turns out that she is after a mysterious box that, she believes, has contents worth a fortune. "The great whatsit", as Velda calls it, at the center of Hammer\'s quest is a small, mysterious valise that is hot to the touch and contains a dangerous, glowing substance. It comes to represent the 1950s Cold War fear and nuclear weapon paranoia about the atomic bomb that permeated American culture. (Homage is paid to this glowing MacGuffin in the 1980 cult film [[Repo_Man_ Later, at an isolated beach house, Hammer finds "Lily", who has been revealed to be an imposter named Gabrielle, with her evil boss, Dr. Soberin . Velda is their hostage, tied up in a bedroom. Soberin and Gabrielle are vying for the contents of the box. Gabrielle shoots Soberin, believing that she can keep the mysterious contents for herself. As she slyly opens the case, it is ultimately revealed to be stolen radionuclide material, which in the final scene apparently reaches explosive criticality when the box is fully opened. Horrifying sounds emit from the nuclear material as Gabrielle and the house burst into flames.  The original American release of the film shows Hammer and Velda escaping from the burning house at the end, running into the ocean as the words "The End" come over them on the screen. Sometime after its first release, the ending was crudely altered on the film\'s original negative, removing over a minute\'s worth of shots where Hammer and Velda escape and superimposing the words "The End" over the burning house. This implied that Hammer and Velda perished in the atomic blaze, and was often interpreted to represent the apocalypse. In 1997, the original conclusion was restored, where Velda and Mike survive. The DVD release has the correct original ending, and offers the now-discredited truncated ending as an extra. The movie is described as "the definitive, apocalyptic, nihilistic, science-fiction film noir of all time – at the close of the classic noir period."Filmsite'] ["A newspaper man, Mark Chapman , takes over an ailing New York daily newspaper, the fictional New York Express, and revives it as a scandal sheet by staging a number of publicity stunts. The man's wife, whom he left penniless years ago, resurfaces and threatens to blackmail him. He kills her, accidentally, but then tries to cover it up. Meanwhile, the paper's star reporter Steve McClearly  begins investigating the unsolved murder. As McClearly, and feature writer Julie Allison  dig deeper, the noose begins to tighten around the killer's neck. A former Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter for the Express, Charlie Barnes, who has become alcoholic, stumbles upon Chapman in the Bowery, who gives Barnes a cash handout. Accidentally included in the handout is a pawn shop receipt for the dead woman's suitcase. Barnes claims the suitcase and finds that Chapman is the murderer, and calls Allison and McCleary. McCleary thinks that Barnes is too drunk and is calling in a phony story, which angers Barnes and makes him threaten to take the story to a competitor, the fictional Daily Leader. Chapman hears about Barnes going to the Leader and accosts Barnes near the Leader headquarters and Chapman then murders Barnes. McCleary and Allison take a trip to Connecticut to find the judge who married the mystery woman and Chapman, brings the judge back to the Express, who identifies Chapman as the groom, but under a different name."] ['A young promoter, Frankie Christopher , is accused of the murder of Vicky Lynn , a young actress he "discovered" as a waitress while out with ex-actor Robin Ray and gossip columnist Larry Evans. Frankie hides out with Vicky\'s sister Jill , with whom he is falling in love, but is eventually captured and interrogated by the cops. An obsessive police officer, Cornell, knows that Frankie is innocent but because the evidence is completely incriminating, he tries to put the suspect behind bars anyway. Frankie escapes and eventually finds the murderer\'s true identity.'] ['"The ice-cold diva Paula ruthlessly exploits the guys she dates. While blackmailing the married Don with a recent one-night-stand, she has a secret affair with Henry, who works as researcher for the weekly authentic TV show "Crime of the Week", which Don writes for. When Henry fails to help her to a role, she insults him deadly... and ends up dead herself. Now Don desperately tries to hide his traces, but Henry sabotages his efforts and suggests he write the unsolved murder case for next week\'s show."{{cite web}}'] ["The story concerns a young mentally disturbed man, Martin Lynn , who goes on a rampage after his sick mother dies. One of the man's biggest beefs is with the Catholic Church who, in addition to slighting him when his mother needed a priest, once refused to bury his father years earlier because he committed suicide. The man, blaming the environment he lives in, goes on a rampage taking revenge on his cheap boss, a mortician and a priest, Father Kirkman , who refuses to give his poor mother a big funeral. He begins his rampage by killing the hard-line Catholic priest, who slighted him, by beating him with a heavy crucifix. Later, another young priest, Father Roth , suspects the young man, now arrested for another crime, for the killing."] ['After spending eight years in prison for rape, Max Cady  is released. He promptly tracks down Sam Bowden , a Georgia lawyer whom he holds personally responsible for his conviction because Sam interrupted his attack and also testified. Cady begins to stalk and subtly threaten Bowden\'s family. He kills the Bowden family dog, though Sam cannot prove this. A friend of Bowden\'s, police chief Mark Dutton , attempts to intervene on his behalf, but he cannot prove Cady guilty of any crime. Bowden hires Charlie Sievers , a private detective. Cady brutally attacks a young, promiscuous woman named Diane Taylor  when she brings him home, but neither the private eye nor Bowden can persuade her to testify. Bowden hires three thugs to beat up Cady and persuade him to leave town, but the plan backfires when Cady gets the better of all three. Cady\'s lawyer vows to have Bowden disbarred. Afraid for his wife Peggy  and 14-year-old daughter Nancy , Bowden takes them to their houseboat in Cape Fear. In an attempt to trick Cady, Bowden makes it seem as though he has gone to a completely different location. He fully expects Cady to follow his wife and daughter, and he plans on killing Cady to end the battle. He and a local deputy hide nearby, but Cady realizes the deputy is there and kills him. Eluding Bowden, Cady first attacks Mrs. Bowden on the boat, causing Bowden to go to her rescue. Meanwhile, Cady swims back to shore to attack the daughter. Bowden realizes what has happened and also swims back. It leads to a final violent fight on the riverbank between the two men. Bowden overpowers Cady but decides not to kill him, preferring to let him spend the rest of his life in jail, because killing Cady would be the "easy way out." The film ends with the Bowden family sitting together on a boat the next morning.'] ["Three witnesses swear they saw Joe Reynolds murder grumpy baker Kenny with a hatchet. Joe claims Kenny's fatal head wound was the result of a fall as they argued -- the baker hit his head on an oven as he fell -- but the eyewitness testimony prevails and Joe is sent to the chair. His buddy Sam Lord has an uphill struggle to prove his innocence."] ["A composer, Richard Morton experiences blackouts and cannot account for his actions. He seems to recall a woman's screams and a conversation with his wife, Emily, but it's all a blur. Morton goes to see his friend John Harkness and is introduced to a film actress, Julie Bannon, and is attracted to her. He also apparently has made a date with Lisa Muller, who is angry when Morton shows up two hours late. He loses his temper and threatens her. Julie goes out with Morton and attempts to seduce him, but something in him resists. He returns to Lisa and begins to menace her again, only to suffer another blackout. When he wakes up, Morton is in his own home by himself and isn't sure where he has been or what he has done. He phones Lisa and learns she is all right. Concerned, he contacts Julie as well, but she also has not been harmed. Morton is glad that his violent temper did not cause him to lose control and that the woman's screams are all in his mind, until he goes to his own bedroom for the night and finds his wife there, dead."] [' Alicia Huberman , the American daughter of a convicted Nazi spy, is recruited by government agent T. R. Devlin  to infiltrate an organization of Nazis who have relocated to Brazil after World War II. While awaiting the details of her assignment in Rio de Janeiro Alicia and Devlin fall in love, though his feelings are complicated by his knowledge of her wild past. When Devlin gets instructions to persuade her to seduce Alex Sebastian , one of her father\'s friends and a leading member of the group, Devlin tries to convince his superiors that Alicia is not fit for the job, without success. He puts up a stoic front when he informs Alicia about the mission, choosing duty over love. Alicia concludes that he was merely pretending to love her as part of his job. They contrive to have her meet Sebastian, and renew their acquaintance. At a dinner Alicia witnesses an odd incident—a guest becomes hysterical at the sight of several wine bottles on a sideboard, and is ushered quickly from the room. Sebastian quickly renews his ardor for her, and soon Alicia reports to Devlin, "you can add Sebastian\'s name to my list of playmates." When Sebastian proposes, Alicia informs Devlin, hoping he will finally erupt, but the agent coldly tells her to do whatever she wants; stung, she marries Sebastian. When she returns from her honeymoon, Alicia is hard-pressed to find anything amiss in her new home. The only thing she can relate to Devlin is that the key ring her husband gave her is short a key, the one to the wine cellar. That, and the bottle episode at the dinner, lead Devlin to urge Alicia to hold a grand party so he might investigate. The night of the affair, Alicia secretly steals the key from Sebastian\'s ring, and the two slip away to the cellar. There, Devlin accidentally breaks a bottle. Inside they find not wine, but a black sand . He takes a sample, cleans up, and locks the door just as Sebastian comes down for more champagne. Alicia and Devlin kiss to cover their tracks. Devlin feigns drunkenness, and makes an exit, but Sebastian remains suspicious. When he comes back later, he finds the glass and sand from the broken bottle pushed under a wine rack. Now Sebastian has a problem: he must silence Alicia, but cannot expose her without revealing his own blunder to his unforgiving fellow Nazis. He discusses the situation with his mother  and she suggests that Alicia "die slowly" by poisoning. They poison her coffee and she quickly falls ill; soon she is bedridden. Devlin becomes alarmed when she fails to appear at their next rendezvous. He sneaks into Alicia\'s quarters, where she tells him that Sebastian and his mother are poisoning her. After confessing his love for her, Devlin carries her out of the mansion in full view of Sebastian\'s Nazi cabal. Sebastian begs to go with them, but Devlin and Alicia drive away, leaving Sebastian to face his Nazi cohorts.'] ['Tired of the low pay of his profession, hard-boiled private detective Phillip Marlowe  submits a murder story to Kingsby Publications. He is invited to the premises to discuss his work, but soon realizes it is merely a ploy. On Christmas Eve, publishing executive Adrienne Fromsett  hires him to locate the wife of her boss, Derace Kingsby . One month earlier, Chrystal Kingsby had sent her husband a telegram saying she was heading to Mexico to divorce him and marry a man named Chris Lavery ([[Richard Simmons . Fromsett, however, had recently seen Lavery in neighboring Bay City. It quickly becomes obvious to Marlowe that Fromsett wants her boss for herself . When Marlowe goes to see Lavery, the Southerner professes to be unaware of any trip to Mexico. Lavery then sucker punches the detective. Marlowe wakes up in jail, where he is questioned by Captain Kane  and a very belligerent Lieutenant DeGarmot . When Marlowe refuses to divulge anything about his case, Kane warns him not to cause trouble in his district and releases him. Marlowe learns that the body of a woman has been recovered from a lake owned by Kingsby, and Kingsby\'s caretaker there charged with the murder of his wife Muriel. Fromsett suspects that Chrystal is the real killer, as she and Muriel hated each other. Little Fawn Lake was also where Chrystal was last seen. Marlowe investigates and reports to Fromsett that Muriel was an alias for a woman named Mildred Havelend, and that she was hiding from a tough cop - whose description fits DeGarmot. Marlowe goes to call on Lavery again. Inside the unlocked house, he instead encounters Lavery\'s landlady, Mrs. Falbrook, holding a gun she claims to have just found. Upstairs, he finds Lavery dead, shot several times in the shower. He also finds a handkerchief with the monogram "A F". Before calling the police, he interrupts a Christmas party at the publishing house to confront Fromsett. In private, she denies killing Lavery. Kingsby comes in and, after learning that Fromsett hired Marlowe to find Chrystal, tells her theirs will be strictly a business relationship from now on. A furious Fromsett fires the private eye. Marlowe immediately gets another job; Kingsby hires him to find his wife. Marlowe then informs the police of Laverty\'s death. At the scene, he suggests that Muriel was hiding from DeGarmot. The two men scuffle, before Kane separates them and sends Marlowe on his way. Marlowe obtains more information on Muriel from a newspaper contact. It turns out that Muriel had been a suspect in the suspicious death of her previous employer\'s wife. The investigating detective, DeGarmot, ruled it a suicide, but the victim\'s parents strongly disagreed. When Marlowe goes to question them, he finds they have been intimidated into keeping silent. Afterwards, he is driven off the road by DeGarmot. Regaining consciousness after the crash, he manages to get to a telephone and call Fromsett for help. She takes him back to her apartment, where she tells him that they have much in common and that she has fallen in love with him. Kingsby shows up and informs Marlowe he has received a telegram from his wife, asking for money. Marlowe agrees to drop it off, as Kingsby is being followed by police detectives. Placing his life in Fromsett\'s hands, he instructs her to have the police follow him after ten minutes, following a trail of rice he will leave behind. The woman Marlowe meets turns out to be Mildred Havelend, alias Mrs. Falbrook and alias Muriel. Havelend was responsible for the murders of Chrystal , Florence, and Lavery. DeGarmot had fallen in love with Havelend and helped cover up the first, but she ran out on him. DeGarmot tracks Marlow and Haveland down . DeGarmot plans to kill Marlow and Haveland using Haveland\'s gun and stage it to look like they shot each other. DeGarmot murders Mildred, but Captain Kane gets there just in time to gun down his own crooked cop. Marlowe and Fromsett leave for New York together to start a life together.'] ['The story is told in flashback. When it begins, George Stroud , editor-in-chief of Crimeways magazine, is shown hiding from building security behind the "big clock" ― the largest and most sophisticated one ever built, which dominates the lobby of the giant publishing company where he works, Janoth Publications in New York City. Stroud is eager to spend more time with his wife  and plans a long-postponed vacation from his job. He sticks to those plans despite being fired for it by his tyrannical publishing boss, Earl Janoth . Instead of meeting his wife at the train station as planned, however, Stroud finds himself preoccupied with the attention being shown him by Janoth\'s glamorous mistress, Pauline York , who proposes a blackmail plan against Janoth. When Stroud misses their scheduled train, his wife angrily leaves without him, so he begins drinking and spends the evening out on the town with York. Later that night, Janoth spots a man leaving York\'s apartment, but does not get a clear enough look at him to see that it is Stroud. Although Stroud\'s evening with York had ended platonically, Janoth assumes otherwise, leading to a quarrel which ends when he murders her. Janoth determines to locate the man he had seen leaving the apartment and then frame that man for the crime. Ironically, Janoth re-hires Stroud to lead the effort to find the man. Stroud then must balance the tasks of outwardly appearing to diligently lead Janoth\'s investigation and, at the same time, trying to prevent that investigation from uncovering the fact that it is he who is the very target of it. Meanwhile, he must also secretly carry out his own investigation to gather the evidence necessary to prove who the real murderer is.'] ['This dream-like film noir is about Chuck Scott , a World War II vet now a penniless drifter tormented by bizarre dreams, who takes a job as driver to Eddie Roman , a vicious gangster. Roman tests his new driver, Scott, by assuming control of his car from the back seat. Unbeknownst to Scott, Roman has an accelerator installed in the rear passenger compartment so that he can "take over" the vehicle whenever he wants. This bizarre trick not only unnerves his new driver but also Roman\'s right-hand man, Gino . Scott passes the test and gets the job. But things get tough for Scott when he falls in love with the gangster\'s wife, Lorna , who has attempted to kill herself because life has become unbearable with her sadistic husband. The two run off together to Cuba and a bizarre chase begins wherein Scott is framed for a murder and must therefore avoid both Roman and the police. Finally, at a point when Scott is able to clear his name, he is thrown back into the nightmare in a surprising twist.'] ["Mike Callahan  is an Irish émigré and war veteran working in Singapore as a private detective. He takes on a case from a former flame, now a nightclub singer. She thinks her husband Julian March  is involved in criminal activities and asks him to help out. Callahan learns that a man named Alexis Pederas  has involved Julian in a plot to kidnap a prominent nuclear scientist Sean O'Connor and hold him for ransom to the highest bidder. O'Connor is one of the only men in the world that knows how to detonate the H-Bomb."] ['David Burke  is a former policeman who was ruined when he refused to cooperate with state crime investigators. He has asked hard-bitten, racist, ex-con Earl Slater  to help him rob an upstate bank, promising him $50,000 if the robbery is successful. Burke also recruits Johnny Ingram , a nightclub entertainer who doesn’t want the job but who is addicted to gambling and is in debt. Slater, who is supported by his girlfriend, Lorry , finds out Ingram is black and refuses the job. Later, he realizes that he needs the money, and joins Ingram and Burke in the enterprise. Tensions between Ingram and Slater increase as they near completion of the crime. Burke is seen by a police officer leaving the scene of the raid, and is mortally wounded in the ensuing shootout with local police, so he commits suicide by shooting himself. Slater is cavalier about the death of Burke, which incenses Ingram. Ingram and Slater escape and run into a nearby fuel storage depot. They chase after each other on the top of the fuel tanks. They exchange gunfire and ignite the fuel tanks and cause an large explosion. Afterwards, their corpses are indistinguishable.'] ["Johnny O'Clock  is a junior partner in a posh casino with Guido Marchettis . Complicating their longtime working relationship is Guido's wife Nelle , who is still in love with former boyfriend Johnny. She gives Johnny an expensive custom pocket watch, the twin of a birthday present she gave her husband, except Johnny's has a romantic engraving on the back. Johnny gives the watch, along with a rejection note, to Harriet Hobson , a hat-check girl at the casino, to return to Nelle. Harriet, however, apparently commits suicide using gas. Her sister Nancy  shows up to find out what happened. She becomes attracted to Johnny. They eventually learn from Police Inspector Koch  that Harriet was killed by poison. Harriet was dating Chuck Blayden , a crooked cop who is trying to persuade Guido to let him take Johnny's place. When Blayden also turns up dead, Koch suspects that either Johnny or Marchettis is responsible. Though Johnny tries to resist, little by little, he falls for Nancy. When Koch shows both Johnny and Marchettis Johnny's watch and note, Johnny tells Nancy their relationship is through and takes her to the airport. As he is driving away, however, he narrowly survives a drive-by shooting, and Nancy realizes he was only trying to protect her. She refuses to leave him. Johnny decides to flee to South America with Nancy, but not before brazenly cashing in his share of the casino. Marchettis pulls out a gun when Johnny's back is turned. They shoot it out; Marchettis is killed and Johnny wounded. Afterward, Nelle offers to testify it was self-defense, but only if he will come back to her. He refuses, so she tells Koch it was cold-blooded murder. Johnny's first instinct is to run away, but Nancy convinces him to give himself up."] ['Shortly before Christmas in New York, one-armed insurance investigator Jack Williams  is looking at a college yearbook photo of John Hansen when someone slips into his apartment and shoots him to death. Hot-headed private investigator Mike Hammer , Jack\'s war buddy, vows to avenge his friend\'s death despite a warning from Pat Chambers , captain of the homicide squad, to let the police handle the case. Pat is unable to calm Mike, who roughs up a wisecracking reporter before leaving the crime scene. Knowing that Mike will forge ahead with an investigation regardless of his advice, Pat urges the offended reporter to publish an article broadcasting that Mike is on the job. Mike goes to see Jack\'s fiancée, Myrna Devlin, a torch singer and reformed drug addict, but she is too distraught to talk with him. The next day, Mike\'s secretary Velda tells him about the article, titled "I, the Jury," which suggests that Mike knows the identity of the killer, thereby making him a target. Because Pat has given him a guest list from Jack\'s recent party, Mike surmises that the police captain is using him to draw out the killer. Mike begins his investigation based on the guest list, first visiting wealthy fight promoter and art collector George Kalecki  in upstate New York. Kalecki introduces his live-in friend, John Hansen, as college student Hal Kines ([[Bob Cunningham , and claims they were home together after the party. As Mike is leaving he looks through a window and sees the men arguing. Mike next visits alluring psychoanalyst and author Charlotte Manning , who was treating both Jack and Myrna. Charlotte flirts with Mike but provides no new information.  Afterward Mike finds Pat waiting for him, and Pat tells him that Kines moved out of Kalecki\'s house and that Kines believes Mike attempted to shoot him. Kines\'s new address is the same building where two other party guests, twin sisters Esther and Mary Bellamy, reside. Mike searches Kines\'s apartment and finds photos of him and Kalecki in Europe before and after World War II. When Kines returns unexpectedly and grabs Mike\'s arm, the detective beats him up, then goes upstairs to see Mary, who knew Jack when he worked as a guard at her father\'s estate. As Mike resists Mary\'s attempts to seduce him, he questions her about the party and learns that Charlotte drove her, Myrna and Esther home that night after Jack and Myrna had an argument. Later at his office, ex-boxer Killer Thompson reveals to Mike and Velda  that Kalecki, his former manager, runs a numbers racket. Mike seeks more information about the racket but his questions earn him only a severe beating by some thugs. Charlotte tends to his wounds and restores his spirits with a kiss, then asks if Jack might have left a message for Mike before he died. Mike slips into Jack\'s apartment through a window to avoid the policeman on guard, and finds a note from Pat, who anticipated his arrival. Mike also finds Jack\'s diary, which includes notations about a woman named Eileen Vickers ([[Mary Anderson , who changed her name to Mary Wright, as well as a note that Jack had been planning to raid a dance school with the police in a few days. Mike locates Eileen\'s father, veterinarian R. H. Vickers, who reveals that he had asked Jack to help his daughter after she ran away from college with John Hansen. Mike finds Eileen at a dance school that is a front for prostitution. Although she is shocked to hear about Jack\'s death, she only knows that he wanted her to get help from Charlotte.  Despite all the information he has gathered, Mike has more questions than answers. He and Pat continue their research by looking through college yearbooks and find the photo of Hal Kines, who is identified as John Hansen. After police implement Jack\'s raid on the dance studio, they find Eileen\'s and Kines\'s dead bodies in Eileen\'s room. After Kalecki admits that he and Kines had argued over the young man\'s involvement with Esther, Mike is baffled as to why he was found with Eileen. Confusion continues to mount, and Charlotte and Mike are nearly killed when someone fires at them outside his office. Mike is awakened that night by Bobo, a slow-witted former boxer now working as a department store Santa Claus, who warns Mike that "the big man" is after him. After learning that Kines has been posing as a college student for twenty years, Velda suspects that he may have been running Kalecki\'s numbers racket at school, using his identity as a student as a cover. Mike goes to search Kines\'s room at the fraternity house and discovers Kalecki inside burning Kines\'s papers. Kalecki shoots at Mike and is killed when Mike fires back. Mike grabs Kalecki\'s gun just as the police arrive to arrest him. Angered that Mike is taking the law into his own hands, Pat waits until the next day to release him from jail. Mike then gives him Kalecki\'s gun and they later search Kalecki\'s safe-deposit box, which is filled with stolen vintage European jewelry. The detectives now realize that Jack must have been investigating Kalecki and Kines, who had been fencing stolen jewelry from Europe for years. A police analyst determines that although all four murders were committed by the same weapon, it was not Kalecki\'s gun. Knowing that Myrna was once a jewel thief, Pat now suspects that she may have been influenced by Kalecki to murder her fiancé. As before, Mike confides in Charlotte, with whom he has fallen in love, and tells her he believes that Kines worked the college campuses to recruit new thieves for Kalecki. When Pat learns that Myrna is drunk in a bar, he sends Mike and Charlotte to retrieve her, and they take the drunken woman to Charlotte\'s apartment to sober up. After Mike leaves, however, Charlotte injects Myrna with sodium pentothal and questions her about Jack, but Myrna is too disoriented to respond. Mike, meanwhile, is beaten up by Kalecki\'s thugs at his office, but he turns the tables on them and they are eventually arrested; however, they reveal no new information when questioned. When Myrna is found dead in the street from a hit and run accident, the medical examiner finds the needle mark on her arm, prompting Pat to assume that she had returned to drug use. Mike then realizes that Charlotte murdered Myrna, and surmises that Charlotte found out about the jewelry racket during a hypnosis section with Kines and that she plans to take over Kalecki\'s business. Mike waits for Charlotte in her apartment and levels his accusations at her. Charlotte attempts to seduce him, but in fact is reaching for a hidden gun as she embraces him, forcing Mike to kill her in self-defense.'] ['Police Lt. Leonard Diamond is on a personal crusade to bring down sadistic gangster Mr. Brown. He\'s also dangerously obsessed with Brown\'s girlfriend, his captive lover. His main objective as a detective is to uncover who "Alicia" is but cannot immediately find out from Brown or his girl. Mr. Brown later captures Diamond against his will in a role reversal, grilling the Lieutenant under duress as Brown previously underwent a lie detector test in the police station. Brown\'s hoods get Diamond intoxicated against his will and attempt to frame him in front of his boss as an irresponsible drunk. However, Diamond\'s boss believes his truthful explanation and the investigation continues. Diamond next learns through one of Brown\'s past accomplices that Alicia was actually Brown\'s previous wife. He witnessed a fight they had on a boat off the coast of Portugal. The accomplice suspects that Alicia was murdered and then strapped to the boat\'s anchor and permanently submerged. However, he only knows that he never saw Alicia again-so it\'s not definite this is what actually happened. Diamond then inquisitions a Swede, Mr. Dryer, who was the skipper of that boat . Dryer denies involvement, then receives an anonymous phone call after Diamond has left. Suspecting he\'s now a target of a hit since the "caller" simmply hangs up, Mr. Dryer arms himself and leaves through the back door. However, this doesn\'t prevent him from being murdered within seconds after he closes the door. It turns out Brown was knowledgeable about Diamond\'s visit to Mr. Dryer, but his intent was not to kill but just to apprehend him. His accomplice Joe who was originally instructed not to arm himself tacitly admits "he had no other choice" and it becomes clear Joe went against Brown\'s prior instructions. When Diamond discovers Dryer\'s note in a lockbox referring to a ship\'s log , he returns to the antique store but finds that Brown is already waiting there for him. Brown knows what he\'s looking for but took the liberty to burn the ship\'s log since he now owns 100% of the antique store\'s inventory. Diamond then confronts Brown\'s girl who is lost in thought listening to a live performance of passionate classical piano music . He urges her to leave Brown but Susan says she can\'t do it. Diamond then admits he loves her, gives her a photo of Brown and Alicia together on the boat along with an unidentified man and promptly leaves. Susan has a change of heart and finally confronts Brown about his wife. Brown claims his wife is still alive in Sicily, Italy and now wants to come back to the States. However, he admits that Alicia effectively left him for "Grazzi"  whom she is "living with" in Sicily. Brown next orders a hit on Diamond, however his accomplices enter Diamond\'s apartment in the evening thinking he\'s in there. In fact his burlesque dancer girlfriend was coincidentally let in by the floor attendant  so she\'s murdered instead. The next morning Susan tells Diamond what\'s she\'s learned from Brown. But Diamond picks up on the fact that the updated "Sicilian photo" of Alicia Susan shows him has a telling error-snow is on the ground. This leads Diamond to some additional clues to now suspect Brown didn\'t kill Alicia but his boss Grazzi instead. A blow up of the "Sicilian photo" reveals a highway sign that leads Diamond to where Alicia lives. Diamond confronts "Anna Lee Jackson" there who breaks down when he shows her the past boat photo. Brown\'s right-hand man, the hard-of-hearing Joe McClure, plots with gangsters Fante and Mingo to overthrow Mr. Brown, but he ends up getting killed himself because Fante and Mingo just initially feigned their loyalty. McClure\'s hearing aid, in an earlier scene, is used to torture detective Diamond with amplified sound . Diamond later gets Susan to help recruit Alicia to incriminate Brown. They are successful in getting her consent for cooperation, but at the last second Brown himself shows up with a writ of habious corpus effectively preventing her to testify against her husband. Brown also arranges to give a big stash of "money" to Fante and Mingo while they are hiding out from the police, but the box turns out to be a bomb that apparently kills both of them. Brown then proceeds to kidnap Susan to prevent more incriminating evidence. Meanwhile, Diamond finds a witness that could finally nail the elusive gangster, Mingo, who initially survived the blast and confesses that Brown was behind it all. Alicia helps Diamond figure out where Brown was likely to take Susan to, the airport where Brown hopes to make a getaway plane. However, the plane doesn\'t show up and the film climaxes in a foggy airplane hangar shootout. The very last scene shows the famous silhouetted figures in the fog that is one of the iconic images in all of film noir.'] ["Socialite Lois Frazer wants a divorce from her wealthy husband, but he's not ready to let her go so easy. Suspecting that he intends to murder her, she calls Lieutenant Ed Cullen, with whom she's been having an affair, in an effort to save herself from her husband's wrath. When Ed arrives someone dies, but it's not Lois. With his lover's husband shot dead, Ed finds himself the ironic and dangerous position of being assigned a case that no one knows he actually witnessed. In addition to trying to control the investigation, Ed also has the misfortune of having his own younger brother, a new detective on the force, by his side every step of the way, eager to prove himself.  {{Expand section}}"] ['Nightclub singer Ilona Vance  is accused of murder, as she was the last person to see crooked attorney Frank Hobart  alive. Lt. Hargis  attempts to prove her innocence.'] ['Frank Chambers , a drifter, stops at a rural California diner for a meal, and ends up working there. The diner is operated by a young, beautiful woman, Cora Smith , and her much older husband, Nick Papadakis , who is an immigrant from Greece. Frank and Cora start to have an affair soon after they meet. Cora  is tired of her situation, married to a man she does not love, and working at a diner that she wishes to own and improve. She and Frank scheme to murder Nick in order to start a new life together without her losing the diner. Their first attempt at the murder is a failure, but they eventually succeed. The local prosecutor suspects what has actually occurred, but does not have enough evidence to prove it. As a tactic intended to get Cora and Frank to turn on one another, he tries only Cora for the crime. Although they do turn against each other, a clever ploy from Cora\'s lawyer prevents Cora\'s full confession from coming into the hands of the prosecutor. With the tactic having failed to generate any new evidence for the prosecution, Cora is ultimately acquitted. Frank and Cora eventually patch together their tumultuous relationship, and now plan for a future together. But as they seem to be prepared finally to live "happily ever after", Cora dies in a car accident.'] ['After a rooftop chase in which his latent acrophobia results in the death of a police officer, San Francisco detective John "Scottie" Ferguson retires, spending much of his time with his ex-fiancée Midge Wood. Scottie tries to gradually conquer his fear but Midge suggests another severe emotional shock may be the only cure. An acquaintance, Gavin Elster, asks Scottie to tail his wife, Madeleine, claiming she has been possessed; Scottie reluctantly agrees. The next day Scottie follows Madeleine to a florist where she secures a bouquet of flowers; next, she visits the grave of Carlotta Valdes; then she visits an art museum where she sits watching Portrait of Carlotta, a painting of a woman resembling her. Lastly, she enters the McKittrick Hotel, but when Scottie investigates, she is missing and the clerk insists she has not been there. Midge takes Scottie to a local history expert, who informs them Carlotta Valdes tragically committed suicide. Another visit with Gavin reveals Carlotta is Madeleine\'s great-grandmother, who Gavin fears is possessing Madeleine. Gavin also says Madeleine has no knowledge of Carlotta. Scottie tails Madeleine to Fort Point , where she suddenly leaps into San Francisco Bay. Scottie rescues Madeleine and takes her to his home. The meeting is tense and leads to a strange intimacy between them, but Madeleine quickly slips out when Scottie receives a phone call. The next day Scottie follows Madeleine to his own house, where she is hand-delivering a thank-you note to him for rescuing her, and they decide to spend the day together because Scottie fears Madeleine might attempt suicide again. The two travel to Muir Woods and then Cypress Point along 17-Mile Drive near Pebble Beach, where Madeleine, embarrassed from confessing that her dreams sound mad, runs to the ocean. Scottie chases after her and they embrace and kiss. Upon hearing the details of her nightmare, Scottie identifies the setting as Mission San Juan Bautista and takes Madeleine there, where they proclaim their love for each other. Madeleine suddenly runs into the church and up the bell tower. Scottie, halted on the steps by vertigo and paralyzing fear, watches as Madeleine plunges to her death. An inquest declares Madeleine\'s death a suicide, but Scottie feels ashamed that his weakness rendered him incapable of preventing someone\'s death. Gavin does not fault Scottie, but in the following weeks Scottie becomes depressed. While undergoing treatment in a sanatorium, he becomes mute, haunted by vivid nightmares. Although Midge visits, his condition remains unchanged. After release, Scottie haunts the places that Madeleine visited, often imagining that he sees her. One day, he spots a woman who reminds him of Madeleine, despite the woman\'s less elegant dress and heavier makeup. Scottie follows the woman to her hotel room, where she identifies herself as Judy Barton from Kansas. Though initially suspicious and defensive, Judy eventually agrees to join Scottie for dinner. After Scottie leaves, Judy has a flashback revealing that she was, in fact, the woman known as "Madeleine", but she is not Gavin\'s wife. Judy prepares to leave and writes a confession letter to Scottie explaining that she was an accomplice to the real Madeleine Elster\'s murder by Gavin, and how Gavin had taken advantage of Scottie\'s acrophobia. She rips up the letter and decides to continue the charade because of her love for Scottie. Scottie remains obsessed by his memory of "Madeleine" and their similarities. He transforms an initially unwilling Judy until she once more resembles Madeleine. Judy agrees to change on the chance that they may finally find happiness together. But Scottie realizes the truth when Judy wears a unique necklace that he remembered from the portrait of Carlotta Valdes. Instead of dinner, Scottie insists on taking Judy to the Mission San Juan Bautista. There, he reveals that he wants to re-enact the event that led to his madness, admitting that he now knows Madeleine and Judy are the same. Scottie forces her up the bell tower and angrily presses Judy to admit her deceit. Scottie reaches the top, conquering his acrophobia at last. Judy confesses that Gavin had hired her to pose as a possessed Madeleine; Gavin faked the suicide by tossing the body of his already-murdered wife from the bell tower. Judy pleads to Scottie to forgive her because she loves him. The two embrace when a nun, in shadow, emerges from the trapdoor; startled, Judy steps backward and falls to her death. Scottie stands on the narrow ledge while the nun rings the mission bell.'] ["Steve Morgan , a charming but utterly sociopathic criminal who has just robbed and killed a cinema cashier, gets a ride with unsuspecting Jimmy 'Fergie' Ferguson , who does not know that Morgan is a killer. While heading to Los Angeles they stop at a gas station and pick up two women. Encountering a roadblock, Morgan takes over and persuades the party to spend the night at an unoccupied beach house. The police close in as one by one, Morgan begins killing."] ['Detective Philip Marlowe  is hired by hulking Moose Malloy  to locate his old girlfriend that he lost track of while serving time in prison. With each lead he follows, Marlowe encounters lies, larceny, perjury, theft and a beautiful femme fatale .'] ['Woman  on the verge of a breakdown marries a man  she hardly knows, putting her in the path of fear and danger. She suspects her husband of plotting to kill his son from a previous marriage.'] ['Eric Stanton , a down-on-his-luck drifter, gets pulled off a bus at the small hamlet of Walton because he does not have the $2.25 extra fare to take him to San Francisco. He finds a greasy spoon called Pop\'s Eats, where Pop  is worried about waitress Stella  because she has not shown up for work for days. Ex-New York cop Mark Judd  tells him not to worry. Sure enough, the sultry Stella returns soon after. Stanton  is attracted to her, but she is unimpressed by his smooth talk and poverty.  Stanton cons his way into a reserved hotel room to sleep by pretending to know Professor Madley , a traveling fortune-teller. Stanton talks his way into a job with Madley. It turns out that no one is willing to buy tickets to the "spook act" because influential local spinster Clara Mills  disapproves. Stanton gets to Clara through her inexperienced younger sister June  and persuades them to attend the performance. Madley puts on an entertaining séance to a large audience, ending the show by channeling Abraham Mills, the deceased father of Clara and June. Using information secretly dug up by his assistant Joe Ellis , Madley brings up the sisters\' financial problems. The two leave the séance quite upset. Meanwhile, Stanton gets to know Stella, watching her steal from the cash register and go out with men. Stanton falls in love with her. She, however, makes it clear that she wants a man who is willing to marry her and give her a home. He is so obsessed with her that he agrees to her terms. To raise the money he needs to satisfy Stella, Eric romances and marries June, planning to divorce her as soon as he can. Clara, who has been burned by a man of Stanton\'s type, is unable to prevent their marriage. However, Stanton cannot stay away from Stella even on his wedding night. Instead of sleeping with his wife, he goes to see Stella. She has heard the news and has given up on him, but he explains his odd scheme. By the time he returns to his wife, she has fallen asleep, so he settles in for the night on the sofa. The next day, Stella turns up dead. Judd is asked by the local police chief to investigate. He first tries to beat a confession out of Dave Atkins , Stella\'s latest boyfriend, but Atkins has an airtight alibi. Stanton is also a strong suspect, having been seen quarreling with Stella shortly before her death. Judd tells him not to leave town. Stanton flees to a seedy hotel room in San Francisco with June. He tells her all about his drifter\'s life of failed schemes. June tells Stanton that she loves him. The next day, June is taken into custody when she goes to the bank to withdraw her money. Stanton returns to Pop\'s Eats, where Judd is waiting for him. Stanton proves Judd is the killer. Judd found out that Stella had agreed to marry someone else rather than wait for his wife to give him a divorce. Judd pulls out his gun, but Pop wrestles it away, and Judd is arrested. Outside, when June asks Stanton where they are going, he tells her, "Home."'] [' Alan and Jane Palmer  are driving to a party in the Hollywood Hills one evening when someone in another car throws a suitcase stuffed with cash into the back seat of their convertible. They are chased by yet another car for a short time but get away. Back at their  Hollywood apartment they find $60,000 inside the suitcase. Jane wants to keep the money, but Alan wants to take it to the police and stashes the cash in a locker at Union Station, hoping he can sway her into willingly giving the money to the police. A few days later while Alan is at work Danny  shows up at their apartment, tells Jane he is a detective and quickly learns she has the money and has already begun spending it. Her husband Alan likewise becomes upset when he finds she has been running up bills, clearly planning to spend their new-found, ill-gotten wealth. With her heart steadfastly set on keeping the money, she makes a deal with Danny to split the money. Hoping to kill him, she lures Danny up into the hills but he doesn\'t trust her and flees. She later asks a now wary Danny to meet her in the evening at Westlake Park near downtown Los Angeles, where she and her husband Alan take a romantic boat ride. Jane has planned to kill her husband Alan in the boat but is stopped by a pang of guilt and begs him to take her to shore, then blurts out that she wants to send the claim check for the locker to the police. Unaware of why his wife is upset, Alan wants to carry on with the boat ride. Hoping to find cigarettes, he picks up her bag and his own gun falls out. The startled look on his face tells Jane he knows straight off what she had in mind, she fearfully grabs the gun, they struggle and she shoots, killing him. When Danny sees the body he doesn\'t like the notion of being tangled up in a murder, but Jane threatens to tell the police he killed her husband unless he helps her. As she planned earlier, after dumping the body in the lake they leave the park together so as to mislead witnesses into thinking she left with her husband, whom she later reports as missing. Don Blake  claims to be an old army buddy of Alan\'s and in Los Angeles by happenstance. Whilst looking into what happened to Alan, Don falls in love with Alan\'s younger sister Kathy, who lives in the same apartment building and has growing worries about Jane. Jane finds out that Don never knew Alan and hits him over the head with a pistol. Having gotten the cash out of the locker at Union Station, she meets a wholly drunken Danny at his apartment and says she needs him to help her run away. Danny tells Jane he knows he still can\'t trust her, but that he has fallen in love with her and that money was a "once in a lifetime" blackmail payoff from an insurance scam. She kills him with a poisoned drink. After finding Danny\'s body, the Los Angeles police tell Don that if he wants them to drain the small lake at Westlake Park in search of Jane\'s missing husband, he must pay thousands of dollars. Meanwhile Jane flees with all the money to Mexico City, where Don finds her living in a lavish, streamline moderne hotel penthouse. Thinking he is either after the money or with the police, Jane pleads with him to take half. Don tells her he is the brother of Jane\'s earlier, first husband Bob Blanchard and that he now understands how she could have driven him into killing himself. As Mexican police detectives rush into the room she quickly backs away in tears onto a balcony, then screams as she falls over the railing to her death.'] ["From an ocean rig, a demented scientist, Krank , kidnaps children to steal their dreams. Among them is the little brother, Denree , of carnival strongman and former Russian sailor One , who sets out to rescue him with the help of a young, orphaned, thieves' guild member named Miette . They delve into the world of a bio-mechanical kidnapping cult and discover the connection between the scientist and the missing Denree. Krank is both aided and hindered by Martha, a diminutive woman; Irving , a talkative brain in a tank; and six identical clones of the genius  who created them all and has been missing for many years. They support the cult with technology as they gather children for Krank's experiments to give him dreams as without the ability he is aging rapidly. Conjoined twins known as the Octopus control the guild of thieves in their robberies but have become distrustful of Miette and hire One to help the children steal a safe. The Octopus believes Miette has been holding out and has deserted to help One. They employ performer Marcello  to ensure Miette pays and One returns to them, and much to his distaste he allows Miette to drown while rescuing One from the cult using a mind control system. Beneath the waters Miette's last sight is that of a deep sea diver who takes her to his lair and catalogues her body. He is revealed to be a delusional paranoid and identical to the clones except older with a beard. An accident revives Miette and she finds One and Marcello both drinking and full of sorrow in a bar. The angered Octopus has a henchman ([[Rufus  dispose of the bumbling Marcello and uses the stolen mind control to turn One against Miette; the smallest of actions has the largest of results in a spectacular chain of events leading to the Octopus' demise instead. When a dream escapes the rig, it plants information in Miette's mind and restores some of the diver's memories, including how he was attacked by Krank and the woman he created as a wife and dropped into the sea. They all converge on the rig with the Genius armed to destroy it and the duo to rescue Denree. Miette is forced to enter a dream world to release Denree from the dream extracting machine as the Genius straps himself and dynamite to the legs of the rig. In the dream world Miette is joined by Krank where she uses her imagination to control the dream and foil him once and for all. One and Miette rescue all the children as the explosions start and the Genius finds papers, finally regaining his memory of who he is as the clones and Irving row away."] ["Whitney 'Cam' Cameron  is a man with a strong affection for his sister-in-law Lynne . When her stepchild Polly dies, it's revealed that the child was poisoned to death. Whitney suspects his sister-in-law committed the murder and is afraid that her other son may be in danger. Lynne outsmarts Cam and their friends and the cops by taking the child onto a cruise ship on its way to Europe."] ['Former conman Nick Blake , a soldier returning to New York City after World War II, looks up his old girlfriend Toni Blackburn  to get the money she has been holding for him while he was in the army. She claims that she lost the money investing in a nightclub before selling it to her boyfriend, Chet King . Unconvinced, Nick get his money back from his ex-girlfriend\'s new beau and leaves town. Nick meets up with old conman Pop Gruber , who tells him that he\'s getting too old for the con game and that if he keeps it up, he will end up as "selling pencils on the side of the road." Another con artist, Doc Ganson , has spotted a sucker, but has neither the money nor the looks necessary for the job. When he hears that Nick is in town, he reluctantly approaches Pop to recruit him, even though there is bad blood between them. The plan is to have Nick, a lady\'s man, romance rich recent widow Gladys Halvorsen  and persuade her to invest in a phony tugboat business. Nick agrees on condition that he get two thirds of the proceeds, increasing Doc\'s bitter resentment of the younger, more successful man. The plan hits a snag when Nick falls in love with the intended victim and attempts to back out of the "big con". When Charles Manning , Gladys\'s business manager, finds out about Nick\'s criminal past, Nick admits the truth to Gladys. However, she believes he can change and refuses to let him go. Nick decides to pay the others the $30,000 he promised them using his own money. However, Toni shows up and learns of the aborted scheme. When she tells Doc that she is sure Nick intends to marry Gladys , the gang kidnaps the widow for a larger share of her money. Luckily, Pop is able to follow them to their hideout. In the ensuing gunfight, Nick rescues Gladys, but both Doc and Pop are killed.'] ["U.S. Army Lieutenant Duke Halliday  is robbed of a $300,000 payroll by Jim Fiske . When Halliday's superior, Captain Vincent Blake , suspects him of having taken part in the theft, Halliday has no choice but to pursue Fiske into Mexico. Along the way, he runs into Joan Graham , who is after the $2000 she loaned to her boyfriend, Fiske. The two join forces, though they are not sure at first if they can trust each other. Fiske stays one step ahead of the couple, while they are in turn chased by Blake. When Halliday is knocked down trying to stop Fiske from getting away, he comes to the attention of Police Inspector General Ortega . Ortega lets him go after Halliday claims to be Blake , but keeps an eye on him. His suspicions are confirmed when the real Blake shows up at his office for help. Halliday and Graham track Fiske to an isolated house in the desert, where Fiske is meeting with Seton , a fence who offers Fiske $150,000 in untraceable bills in exchange for the payroll. The couple are captured by Seton's henchmen. When Blake shows up, Halliday is initially relieved to be rescued, until he learns that Blake is actually Fiske's partner in crime. Fiske wants to take Graham with him, but Blake makes it clear that he intends to dispose of both her and Halliday. Fiske reluctantly gives in. However, when he starts to leave, Blake shoots him in the back, explaining that his ex-partner, apparently still at large, can take the blame for the missing payroll. Halliday then points out to Seton that if Blake got rid of him too, he could give the stolen money back to the army and keep the $150,000 for himself. Taking no chances, Seton pulls a gun on Blake. When Graham creates a distraction, a fight breaks out, which Graham and Halliday win."] ["Joe Stephanos  is a foreboding looking man who arrives at small, out-of-the-way Bridgeport, California in search of Jeff Bailey . Jeff is dating local girl Ann Miller , whose parents are mistrustful of Jeff, as is Jim ([[Richard Webb , the local law officer and long time admirer of Ann. Stephanos informs Jeff that Whit Sterling  wants to see him. Jeff reluctantly agrees. That night Jeff picks up Ann, and the two drive together to Jeff's meeting. Much of the film is related as a flashback, with Jeff narrating to Ann the story of his dark past. His real name is Jeff Markham. He and partner Jack Fisher ([[Steve Brodie  were private investigators in New York. Jeff had been hired by Whit to find his girlfriend, Kathie Moffat . Whit claims she shot him and left with $40,000 of his money. He assures Jeff he wants her back and will not harm her.  Jeff figures out Kathie headed for Acapulco. When he finds her there, he strikes up an acquaintance. A love affair develops, and Jeff ultimately tells her his real purpose. Kathie denies taking Whit’s money, and pleads with Jeff to run away with her. Preparing to leave with her the next morning, Jeff is surprised by Whit and Stephanos, who are at his door to check up on his progress. He asks Whit to take him off the case, but Whit refuses. Jeff then tells Whit that Kathie slipped past him and is on a steamer heading south. Whit leaves Jeff to track her down. Instead, Jeff and Kathie go north, to San Francisco. Once there, they live as inconspicuously as possible. As time goes by, they relax and settle into their new lives, but on an outing to the race track, they are spotted by Jeff’s old partner, Fisher. Jeff and Kathie split up, with Jeff trying to give Fisher the slip. However, when Jeff joins Kathie at a rural cabin, Fisher is already there. Fisher demands money to keep quiet. A fistfight breaks out, which Kathie brings to an abrupt end when she guns Fisher down. She then drives away, leaving Jeff to cover up the crime. He spots Kathie’s bankbook; it shows a deposit of $40,000. Returning to the present, Jeff and Ann arrive at Whit's estate. Whit appears genuinely glad to see him. To Jeff's surprise, Kathie is there too, having got back together with Whit. Whit says he wants to hire Jeff for a new job to make things right between them. He wants to recover income tax records that document a tax dodge. Whit's lawyer Leonard Eels  is using them to blackmail Whit. Jeff tries to get out of it, but Whit will not take no for an answer. Jeff suspects he is being set up. He tries to warn Eels, but returns later to find him dead. Kathie’s affidavit, in which she claims Jeff killed Fisher, is among the papers with the tax documents. Jeff slips into the nightclub later and takes the papers. He then hides out in Bridgeport. Unbeknownst to either Jeff or Whit, Kathie has arranged for Stephanos to follow Jeff's deaf and dumb young assistant, the Kid ([[Dickie Moore  to find Jeff and kill him. However, when Stephanos prepares to shoot Jeff, the Kid hooks him with his fishing line, causing Stephanos to fall to his death. Back at Lake Tahoe, Jeff convinces Whit to turn Kathie over to the police as Fisher’s murderer. Jeff has seemingly succeeded in slipping out of the trap, and will be able to lead a new life with Ann. Returning to Whit's later, however, he discovers that things have changed. Whit is there, but he has been shot dead. Jeff is stuck with his fate. Kathie declares she is in charge now. She gives Jeff the choice of running away with her or taking the blame for all three murders. Jeff agrees to go with her, but makes a secret phone call before they leave. When they come upon a police roadblock, Kathie realizes Jeff has betrayed her and shoots him. The police begin firing. The car careens off the road. Inside the wreck, the police find a great deal of money and the lifeless bodies of Kathie and Jeff. Afterward, Ann asks the Kid if Jeff was going away with Kathie. The Kid nods his head. Jim drives her home. With that, the Kid looks up at the gas station sign with Jeff's name on it, smiles and nods."] ["Jimmy Stevens  is a high level executive at an international energy consulting firm. Haunted by the criminal practices of his company, he decides to expose their corruption. He realizes this betrayal will lead to his murder, so he hires out a detective to trail him during his last days. Unaware that the man who has hired him and the man he is following are one and the same, Turlotte  begins a thrilling game of cat and mouse with Stevens and New York City becomes the arena for the uncertain contest. Slowly, the investigation begins to yield clues that come to reveal the larger story of Jimmy's mysterious past. As hints of his childhood in occupied France during WWII are unearthed, a haunting memory surrounding a lone, dying man and the two young boys who witness his last breath becomes the key to the present. As the clock winds down and the hired guns close in on Jimmy, Turlotte puts the puzzle pieces together with just enough time to fulfill his fated duty."] ["John Conroy, a crusading district attorney, is tasked to crack down on a crime syndicate, which proves more dangerous because the mob has many city officials under their control. He's assisted by a newspaper man, Jerry McKibbon, who doesn't think Conroy is tough enough to handle this almost impossible assignment. McKibbon finds his efforts are also compromised by political corruption. McKibbon is eventually shot down by an out-of-town assassin who was hired to kill him at a boxing match. The film is not related to the 1977 ballet drama The Turning Point."] ["Ralph Anderson returns to his remote California hometown for the first time in many years. Now a lawyer, he has been estranged from his father, Lloyd, and brother, Tippy, ever since being sent to reform school as a youth for stealing a car, taking the blame for his brother's crime. Lloyd is now sheriff and Tippy his deputy. Forced to represent a wanted criminal, Ralph asks the law to look the other way while a local airfield is used to enable the mobster, Massonetti, to flee the country. A disgusted Lloyd agrees to help, but Tippy decides to arrest Massonetti and cash in on a big reward. Tippy's beautiful wife Linda was once the love of Ralph's life and regrets his long absence. She is tired of Tippy's shiftless, drunken ways and Lloyd's domineering rule of the family. Massonetti arrives in town, backed by Davis, his top thug. Tippy and two deputies, Karger and Eddie, make an amateurish attempt to capture Massonetti, only to get Lloyd shot and killed while trying to stop them. Ralph manages to get Massonetti behind bars at the town jail. The mob cuts off phone communication and highway access to the town. Ralph suggests driving Massonetti to the authorities in Barstow in the mobster's own fast car. Noticing the tension between the brothers, Massonetti taunts them both and offers $25,000 to tempt Tippy into betraying Ralph and setting him free. On the road, deputy Eddie is ambushed and the brothers learn that Linda has been abducted. A deal is made to get her back, but Karger is killed and the car is disabled. Ralph manages to get the four of them to a gas station, where the owner is found shot. In a fight for the gun, Ralph is winged and Tippy seriously wounded. Borrowing a miner's jeep, Ralph drives Massonetti to a main highway, where two policemen take them into custody. They turn out to be impostors who drive Massonetti to an air strip where Davis is waiting with a plane. After they board, Ralph drives the car into the plane, overturning it. He drags Massonetti from the wreckage and holds him until real cops arrive. By the time he returns to the gas station, Linda is watching Tippy's lifeless body carried away."] ["This psychological thriller tells the story of Jeff Cohalan ([[Robert Young . He's a successful architect who is tormented by the fact that his fiancée was killed in a mysterious car accident on the night before their wedding. Blaming himself for her death, Colahan spends his time alone, lamenting in the state-of-the-art cliff-top home he'd designed for his bride-to-be. Cohalan also notices that ever since the accident, he seems to be followed by bad luck. His horse and dog turn up dead without explanation, leading him to wonder if he has been cursed. He meets a woman named Ellen , and they are immediately attracted to each other. She soon learns about Jeff's past and begins to suspect that Jeff may be much more in danger than he himself realizes."] ["A violent con, Vincent Canelli , escapes prison on the night of his execution. With the help of a phony newspaper reporter and Canelli's girlfriend, the con takes along five hostages including a priest. Another inmate, Peter Manning, is taken along because Canelli wants the money Manning hid before going to jail. Manning is injured badly in the escape and leaves a bloody trail. The gang ends up at a hideout where they're surrounded by police. Canelli threatens to kill hostages if he's not given safe passage and murders the priest to make his point. Manning is horrified and ends up killing Canelli and giving himself and the others up to police."] ['In 1954, a military train guarded by American soldiers and Japanese police is attacked as it travels between Kyoto and Tokyo. During the raid, which is carried out with great precision, an American sergeant is killed, and the train\'s cargo of guns and ammunition is stolen. The crime is investigated by Capt. Hanson, an American, and Japanese police inspector Kita, who, five weeks later, are concerned when a thief named Webber is shot with some of the stolen bullets. As Webber lies dying in a Tokyo hospital, he is questioned by Hanson and Kita, and although Webber was left for dead by his gang during a thwarted robbery, he refuses to implicate his cohorts, who presumably are responsible for the earlier crime. Webber, who is also an American, does reveal, however, that he is secretly married to a Japanese woman named Mariko. Among Webber\'s possessions is a letter from an American named Eddie Spanier, who wants to join Webber in Japan after his release from a U.S. prison. Three weeks later, Eddie arrives in Tokyo and finds Mariko, who is initially afraid that he is one of the men responsible for her husband\'s death. Eddie gains Mariko\'s trust with a photograph of himself and Webber, then warns her to keep quiet about her marriage so that she will not be in danger from Webber\'s killers. Later, Eddie goes to a pachinko parlor, in which patrons gamble on intricate machines similar to pinball machines. There, Eddie attempts to sell "protection" to the manager, but when he tries the same tactic at another such parlor, he is beaten and warned to leave by racketeer Sandy Dawson and his henchmen, Griff, Charlie, Willy and Phil. Intrigued by Eddie\'s presence in Japan, Sandy arranges for him to be arrested, and Sandy\'s secret informer, who is connected to the police department, obtains Eddie\'s rap sheet. Convinced of Eddie\'s aptitude for crime, Sandy invites him to join his gang, which consists of former American servicemen who have been dishonorably discharged. After his acceptance into the gang, Eddie secretly meets with Kita and Hanson, for whom he is working undercover. Needing help from someone he can trust, Eddie asks Mariko to live with him as his "kimono girl," although he does not reveal his identity as a military police investigator. Hoping to discover who killed her husband, Mariko resides with Eddie despite being ostracized by her neighbors, who do not know that her relationship with the foreigner is platonic. As time passes, Sandy grows to trust Eddie, although Eddie is shocked during a robbery when a wounded gang member is killed by Griff to prevent him from talking. Eddie is also wounded, but Sandy makes an exception to his rule of killing fallen men and saves him. Eddie finally informs the worried Mariko that his real name is Sgt. Kenner, and that he is investigating Sandy. Meanwhile, Griff, Sandy\'s "ichiban" or "number one boy," becomes jealous of Sandy\'s reliance upon Eddie, and Sandy relieves the hot-headed Griff of his duties. The next day, Mariko, who has fallen in love with Eddie, notifies Kita and Hanson about a planned robbery, but Sandy\'s informant, reporter Ceram, warns him that the police are poised to capture him. After the robbery is aborted, Sandy kills Griff, whom he mistakenly assumes tipped off the police. Ceram informs Sandy of his mistake, and Sandy retaliates by setting Eddie up to be killed by the Japanese police during a robbery of a pearl broker. When the plan fails, Sandy is chased by the police up to a rooftop amusement park, but after an intense gunfight, Eddie succeeds in shooting and killing Sandy. Later, wearing his military uniform, Eddie walks with Mariko in a Tokyo park.'] ["Stanwyck plays Thelma Jordon, a woman who late one night shows up in the office of married Assistant district attorney Cleve Marshall  with a story about prowlers and burglars. Before Cleve can stop himself, he and Thelma are involved in a love affair. But Thelma is a mysterious woman, and Cleve can't help wondering if she is hiding something. When her rich aunt is found shot, Jordon calls not the police but Marshall, who helps her cover up evidence that may incriminate her. When she emerges as the prime suspect, he sabotages the prosecution. Thelma Jordon is acquitted. Her past, however, has begun to catch up with her."] ["Paul Hoplin is mastermind of a crime to collect a $500,000 ransom, threatening to use an explosive device that Jim Molner designed. He and his gang are holding Molner, wife Joan and young daughter Patty hostage. FBI agents gather in New York with representatives of an airline. Hoplin has been sending anonymous notes, suggesting that a bomb will be planted on a plane. Joan Molner is forced to go alone to collect the ransom payment, while Hoplin's accomplices, a woman named Kelly and a man named Vince, watch her husband and child in a Brooklyn penthouse apartment. Joan barely makes it back by the gang's deadline in time to prevent her husband's death. She is left alone with an ex-con, Steve, who has a history of sexual assaults on women. Forced to defend herself, she kills Steve with a shard of glass. Using the dental records of Kelly, the FBI manages to find the hideout. They disarm Vince and shoot Kelly, wounding her. Now they must find Molner's wife, but Holpin has seen newspaper reports that her husband and daughter are safe. She runs for her life into a subway, and when Hoplin pursues her, he steps on a third rail and is electrocuted."] ['Polish American Joe Miracle  returns from fighting in World War II, only to find his San Francisco nightclub under the control of the Mob, and his friend and partner Leo missing and presumed murdered. To get even, he robs $100,000 from his former business, planning to leave the country as soon as possible. He goes to the apartment of Victor Christopher , Leo\'s brother, where he picks up a ticket Victor and his wife Clara  had purchased for him. However, he discovers to his dismay that they could only book him on a ship that sails for Yokohama on Christmas Eve, the next night. He has to hide until then. When the police come to stop Victor from ringing a bell and disturbing the neighbors, Joe pretends to be him in order to spend the night safely in jail. However, Jenny Jones , a kind-hearted social worker, gets him remanded into her custody instead. She takes him to the Borden Street Settlement House, where the down and out are helped, among them a talkative, opinionated carpenter named Rickle . As they get better acquainted, Jenny and Joe begin falling in love, though she turns down the advances of a married wife beater. Joe causes trouble. He turns the tables on some youths who try to cheat him at craps and also accidentally falls on an old piano, breaking it. Feeling responsible, he goes to a nearby piano store  and, pretending to be newly assigned to the police precinct, cons the owner into donating a piano in return for Joe turning a blind eye to the illicit activities there. However, he is recognized by newspaper columnist Henry "Early" Byrd ([[John Ireland . Byrd tries to find out from Jenny if Joe is staying at the settlement house, but she refuses to divulge anything. From Byrd\'s description, Jenny realizes that Joe is not Victor. Then, when she finds out Joe also has a pistol, she insists he leave. Byrd returns and tries to get Joe to tell him the name of the man providing protection to the crooks, but Joe refuses to talk. When he collects his money, Jenny pleads with him to give it back so they can start a life together. He counters by asking her to leave the country with him. Neither accepts the other\'s proposal. Meanwhile, the mobsters force Clara to tell them where Joe is hiding and start a fire to smoke him out. They recover the money, while the settlement house is left in smoldering ruins. Joe enters the nightclub through a secret passageway and takes the money again from the new boss, Barney Teener . Then he hires some men to dress up as Santa Claus to distribute presents to the children at a fundraiser at the settlement house. Joe slips in as another Santa and leaves the money to pay for the rebuilding. As he slips away, Jenny realizes what is going on and chases him out into the street, calling his name. Hearing this, the waiting mobsters shoot Joe in the back. The film ends at this point, leaving it unclear whether he will live or die, or what the future holds for the couple.'] ["Dutch mystery writer Cornelius Leyden  is visiting Istanbul. A fan of his, Colonel Haki  of the Turkish police , believes he would be interested in the history of one Dimitrios Makropoulos , whose body was just washed up on the beach. Leyden is so fascinated by what Haki tells of the dead arch-criminal that he becomes determined to learn more. He seeks out Dimitrios's associates all over Europe, none of whom have a kind word for the deceased. They reveal more of the man's sordid life. His ex-lover, Irana Preveza , tells of his failed assassination attempt. Afterwards, he borrowed money from her and never returned. On his travels, Leyden meets Mr. Peters . Later, he catches Peters ransacking his hotel room. Peters reveals that he too had dealings with Dimitrios , and he is not convinced that the man is really dead. If he is indeed alive, Peters plans to blackmail him for keeping his secret. He generously offers Leyden a share, but the Dutchman is only interested in learning the truth. Nonetheless, the two men get along well together. Wladislaw Grodek  is the next link in the trail. He had hired Dimitrios to obtain some state secrets. Dimitrios manipulated Karel Bulic , a meek, minor Yugoslav government official, into gambling and losing a huge sum, so he could be pressured into stealing charts of some minefields. Bulic later confessed to the authorities and committed suicide. Meanwhile, Dimitrios double crossed Grodek, selling the charts to the Italian government himself. Eventually, the two men track Dimitrios down in Paris. Fearful of being exposed to the authorities, he pays Peters one million francs for his silence, but true to his nature, goes to Peters' home shortly thereafter and shoots him. Leyden, his rage over Peters being shot overcoming his fear, grapples with Dimitrios, allowing the wounded Peters to grab the gun. Peters sends Leyden away to spare him from witnessing the violence to come; then shots are heard. When the police show up, Peters admits to shooting Dimitrios and does not resist arrest, satisfied with what he has accomplished. As he is taken away, he asks that Leyden write a book about the affair, and to kindly send him a copy."] ["Daisy Kenyon  is a Manhattan commercial artist having an affair with an arrogant and overbearing but successful lawyer named Dan O'Mara , who is married and has two children. He breaks a date with Daisy one night and she goes out with a widowed war veteran named Peter Lapham . O'Mara and his wife Lucille  fight constantly: about his job, the upbringing of their two daughters, about his cheating. That same night, Dan turns up at New York's Stork Club with his wife and oldest daughter where Daisy and Peter are waiting to be seated. They leave immediately. At the end of the date, Peter announces that he loves Daisy, and then leaves. After Peter stands her up for their next date, he comes by unannounced and proposes to Daisy. She realizes that he is still in love with his late wife. After a brief and hesitant courtship Daisy marries Peter, although she is still in love with Dan. Daisy supports Peter's post-war career. Peter is moody, sometimes quiet and withholding, sometimes wildly exuberant. Peter knows that Dan used to be in Daisy's life. Daisy feels like she's gotten over Dan. Dan's wife, finally fed up with his cheating, wants a divorce, using full custody of the children as leverage to hurt Dan. Dan asks Peter and Daisy to allow him to reveal the full details of his former relationship with Daisy during the divorce proceedings. Peter states that he won't stand in Daisy's way, that when they first met he needed her, but that he doesn't anymore. He leaves. The trial begins, but Dan can see how much it's hurting Daisy, so he stops the proceedings. He asks Peter to sign divorce papers, even though Daisy did not request them. Daisy goes away to think. She gets into a car accident. Dan and Peter are waiting for her at the cottage. She asks Dan to leave. Daisy realizes she no longer loves Dan and remains with Peter."] ["So Dark the Night is the story of a detective, Henri Cassin from Paris, who falls in love with an innkeeper's daughter Nanette while on a long overdue vacation. She is a country girl with a jealous boyfriend. Nonetheless, the detective becomes engaged to her. Then the girl vanishes the night of her engagement party and later shows up dead. Cassin believes that the obvious suspect is Leon, the old boyfriend, but soon he is also found killed."] ['Reuniting with director Siodmak after their success with Ernest Hemingway\'s The Killers, Burt Lancaster plays Steve Thompson, a man who seals his dark fate when he returns to Los Angeles to find his ex-wife Anna Dundee  eager to rekindle their love against all better judgment. She encourages their affair but then quickly marries mobster Slim Dundee . To deflect suspicion of the affair, Steve Thompson leads Dundee into a daylight armored-truck robbery, only to be "criss crossed" when the crime is pulled off.'] ['All Paris is frightened by the murders attributed to "Bluebeard". Modiste Lucille  is introduced to Gaston Morrell , a puppeteer and painter, by her friend. They are attracted to each other, and she accepts a commission to design some costumes for his puppets. At home, Morrell is confronted by a jealous Renee , who performs in Morrell\'s puppet show and is his lover. When she wonders what became of the models who had posed for him, he strangles her, then dumps her body in the Seine River. Art dealer Jean Lamarte  is aware of Morrell\'s homicidal tendencies, but keeps his secret, as Morrell\'s paintings fetch high prices. However, the normally discreet Lamarte makes a mistake in selling Morrell\'s last work to a duke. When the duke exhibits his collection, a policeman on guard recognizes the portrait as being that of one of Bluebeard\'s victims. Inspector Lefevre  of the Sûreté calls in one of his best undercover agents, Francine , who happens to be Lucille\'s sister. She and her "father" go to Lamarte to have her portrait done. Lamarte is on his guard, but her father is willing to pay a very large commission to find the man responsible for the duke\'s painting, and Lamarte\'s greed overcomes his caution. Morrell has decided to give up painting  out of love for Lucille, but Lamarte pressures him into one last picture to make him financially independent. However, Francine recognizes him, having met him briefly earlier at her sister\'s apartment, and Morrell has no choice but to dispose of her. Certain that Francine and her father were working for the police, Lamarte tries to flee, but Morrell catches him and kills him too, before escaping. The only clue he leaves behind is the cravat he used to strangle Francine. At Francine\'s funeral, Inspector Lefevre shows Lucille the cravat. She knows it belongs to Morrell, as she had mended it for him. When she confronts Morrell, he tells her the story behind his crimes. As a starving art student, he had nursed back to health a woman who had fainted, fallen in love with her, and painted her portrait. She left without warning. When his painting was chosen to hang in the Louvre, he searched for her to tell her the news, only to discover that she was a prostitute. Enraged by her contemptuous response, he strangled her. But ever since then, every model he painted turned into her in his mind, and he was compelled to kill her again and again. When Lucille tells him she is going to the authorities, he starts strangling her too, but the police break in. Lefevre saw that Lucille recognized the cravat and had her followed. After a chase across the rooftops, Morrell falls to his death into the Seine.'] ["Family man Gene Courtier makes the mistake of picking up a hitch-hiker, Victor Gosset, a wanted criminal. Gosset and his accomplices, Robert Batsford and Luther Logan, take Courtier and his family captive in their home at gunpoint. They demand that Courtier sell the car in the morning and hand over the money. With police closing in, the gang refuses to leave. Courtier's father is a wealthy man, so the robbers now want a large sum in ransom. Courtier gets the best of them eventually, however, with all three of his kidnapers ending up dead."] ['Korean War veteran Lucas Doolin  works in the family moonshine business— delivering the illegal liquor his father distills to clandestine distribution points throughout the south in his souped-up hot rod. However, Lucas has more problems than evading the U.S. Treasury agents , led by determined newcomer Troy Barrett . Lucas is concerned that his younger brother Robin , who is also his mechanic, will be tempted into following in his footsteps and becoming a moonshine runner. A well-funded outside gangster, Carl Kogan , tries to gain control of the independent local moonshine producers and their distribution points, and is willing to kill anyone who stands in his way. The stakes rise when an attempt by Kogan to kill Lucas results in the death of a government agent as well as another moonshine driver. In a romantic subplot, Lucas becomes involved with nightclub singer Francie Wymore . He is unaware one of the neighbor girls, Roxanna Ledbetter ([[Sandra Knight , has a crush on him and fears for his life. When a series of government raids destroy their hidden stills, Lucas\' father and the other local moonshines shut down production "for a spell" to let the government deal with Kogan in its own time, but Lucas is forced by circumstances and his own code of honor to make a final run.  The film was based loosely on an incident in which a driver transporting moonshine was said to have crashed to his death on Kingston Pike in Knoxville, Tennessee between Bearden Hill and Morrell Road. Per Metro Pulse writer Jack Renfro, the incident occurred in 1952 and may have been witnessed by James Agee, who passed the story on to Mitchum.'] ["In 1946, Mr. Wilson  of the United Nations War Crimes Commission is hunting for Nazi fugitive Franz Kindler , a war criminal who has erased all evidence which might identify him. He has assumed a new identity, Charles Rankin, and has become a prep school teacher in a small town in the United States. He has married Mary Longstreet , daughter of Supreme Court Justice Adam Longstreet . Wilson releases Kindler's former associate Meinike , hoping the man will lead him to Kindler. Wilson follows Meinike to the town of Harper, Connecticut, but loses him before he meets with Kindler. When Kindler/Rankin and Meinike do meet, Meinike, who is repentant, begs Kindler to confess his crimes. Instead, Kindler strangles Meinike, who might expose him. Eventually, Wilson deduces that Rankin is Kindler, but not having witnessed the meeting with Meinike, he has no proof. Only Mrs. Rankin knows that Meinike came to meet her husband. To get her to admit this, Wilson must convince her that her husband is a criminal - before Rankin decides to eliminate the threat to him by killing her. Rankin's pose begins to unravel when Red, the family dog, discovers Meinike's body. To protect his secret, Rankin poisons Red. Meanwhile, Mrs. Rankin begins to suspect her husband, but is too blinded by love to accept the facts. She is torn between her desire to learn the truth about him, and the idea of helping him create his new life. Mr. Wilson shows her graphic footage of Nazi concentration camps, and explains how Kindler/Rankin developed the idea of genocide. But not until Mary discovers Rankin's plot to kill her does she finally break down. In a tense moment, she dares Rankin to kill her. Rankin tries to, but is prevented by Wilson and Mary's brother Noah. Pursued by them, he flees into a church belfry, and falls to his death."] ['The film is the story of a wandering tramp who has an affair with the wife of a restaurant owner. The two then conspire to murder her husband and attempt to live happily ever after. The catch is built into the title of the book, however, and the long arm of the law rings again to disrupt the couple’s already guilt-wracked life, ironically convicting the tramp for an accidental death despite his being absolved of guilt in the actual murder.'] ['A simple man realizes that he looks like a criminal named "Drakos". The police are after him and he hides in a night club. Day by day, he identifies himself with "Drakos".'] [" The drama begins with a murder and a screaming witness. The witness to the crime tells the police that she can identify the murderer and will never forget his face. Mob attorney Walter Colby  is called by crime boss Hap Richie  in the middle of the night to arrange the release of Caesar , one of his mobsters arrested for the murder. After Colby does so he tells his girlfriend, the unscrupulous mob-connected showgirl Flaxy Martin , that he wants to quit the organization and become respectable. Meanwhile, the syndicate arranges for Peggy Farrar  to falsely testify on behalf of Caesar. After Caesar is cleared of the charges, however, she changes her mind. Flaxy and Caesar go visit Peggy at her apartment to force her into silence, and Caesar ends up killing her. Due to circumstantial evidence, Flaxy is suspected of murdering Peggy. Not realizing her involvement in the killing, Colby tells the police that he did the killing. His plan was to defend himself and get him and Flaxy off. Unfortunately, Flaxy and Hap Richie set him up during the trial and Colby is sentenced for Peggy's murder. As Colby awaits transportation to prison, Sam Malko , a friend of Colby and former client, tells him that Caesar had been getting drunk and bragging that Colby was sentenced for a killing he committed . Sam also wonders why Flaxy was not helping Colby since she must know the same information. On his way to prison to serve 20 years, Colby escapes and when he gets to the highway he passes out in front of motorist Nora Carson . Nora helps Colby get to the city to find out how he was framed. Colby realizes that Flaxy was not the woman she pretended to be. In the city Colby finds Caesar dead. He later ends up in Flaxy's apartment as mobster Hap Richie arrives. She pulls the gun on both men and as she shoots wildly in the dark, Flaxy kills Hap. Colby calls the police and they arrest Flaxy for his murder."] ["Pete Ritchie  runs a narcotics smuggling operation to the USA from Mexico, which the Los Angeles Police Department and the US federal government have unsuccessfully tried to stop. Because of Ritchie's careful operating procedures, US authorities haven't even been able to find out the identities of his sources or customers and are desperate for a breakthrough . As a last resort, Madeleine Haley , an LAPD officer, is sent undercover to Mexico to charm her way into Ritchie's confidence. Once there, Haley manages to establish contact with Ritchie's gang, but is kidnapped by Johnny Macklin , a hoodlum working for a rival of Ritchie's and who also steals a load of Ritchie's narcotics. Haley plays along and joins Macklin on a smuggling trip for the stolen narcotics, with Ritchie in hot pursuit."] ['On a late afternoon, two brilliant young aesthetes, Brandon Shaw  and Phillip Morgan , murder a former classmate, David Kentley , by strangulation in their apartment. They commit the crime as an intellectual exercise: they want to prove their superiority by committing the "perfect murder". After hiding the body in a large antique wooden chest, Brandon and Phillip host a dinner party at the apartment which has a panoramic view of Manhattan\'s skyline. The guests, unaware of what has happened, include the victim\'s father Mr. Kentley  and aunt Mrs. Atwater ; his mother is not able to attend. Also there is his fiancee, Janet Walker  and her former lover Kenneth Lawrence , who was once David\'s close friend.  In a subtle move, Brandon uses the chest containing the body as a buffet for the food, just before their maid, Mrs. Wilson  arrives to help with the party. "Now the fun begins", Brandon says when the first guests arrive. Brandon\'s and Phillip\'s idea for the murder was inspired years earlier by conversations with their erstwhile prep-school housemaster, publisher Rupert Cadell . While at school, Rupert had discussed with them, in an apparently approving way, the intellectual concepts of Nietzsche\'s Übermensch and the art of murder, a means of showing one\'s superiority over others. He too is among the guests at the party, since Brandon in particular feels that he would very likely approve of their "work of art". Brandon\'s subtle hints about David\'s absence lead to a discussion on the art of murder. He appears calm and in control, although when he first speaks to Rupert, he is nervously excited, stammering. Phillip, on the other hand, is visibly upset and morose. He does not conceal it well and starts to drink too much. When David\'s aunt, Mrs. Atwater, who fancies herself as a fortune-teller, tells him that his hands will bring him great fame, she is referring to his skill at the piano, but he appears to think that the "fame" will in fact be the notoriety gained from being caught. Much of the conversation, however, focuses on David and his strange absence, which worries the guests. A suspicious Rupert quizzes a fidgety Phillip about this and about some of the inconsistencies that have been raised in conversation. For example, Phillip had vehemently denied ever strangling a chicken at the Shaws’ farm, but Rupert has personally seen Phillip strangle several. Phillip later complains to Brandon about having had a "rotten evening", not because of David\'s murder, but over Rupert\'s questioning. Emotions run high. David\'s father and fiancée are disturbed, wondering why he has neither arrived nor phoned. Brandon even goes so far as to increase the tension by playing matchmaker between Janet and Kenneth. Mr. Kentley decides to leave when his wife calls, overwrought because she has not heard a word from David herself. He takes with him some books Brandon has given him, tied together with the very rope Brandon and Phillip used to strangle his son, Brandon\'s icing on the cake. While leaving, Rupert is handed the wrong hat, with a monogram "D.K."  inside it. Rupert returns to the apartment a short while after everyone else has departed, pretending that he has absentmindedly left his cigarette case behind. He \'plants\' the case, asks for a drink and then stays to theorize about the disappearance of David, encouraged by Brandon, who seems eager to have Rupert discover the crime. A tipsy Phillip is unable to take it any more, throwing a glass and saying: "Cat and mouse, cat and mouse. But which is the cat and which is the mouse?" Rupert lifts the lid of the chest and finds the body inside; his two former students have indeed killed David. He is horrified, but also deeply ashamed, realizing that they used his own rhetoric to rationalize murder. Rupert seizes Brandon\'s gun and fires several shots into the night in order to attract attention. The films segues to the end titles with the sound of approaching police sirens.'] ["A group of hustlers take a man for $5000 in a poker game. When the man ends up killing himself, the heat is put on the gamblers in the game. The dead man's vengeful brother begins picking off the gamblers one by one."] ["One night, Beverly Hills ambulance driver Frank Jessup and his partner Bill are called to the cliffside estate of Charles and Catherine Tremayne. By the time they arrive, Catherine has already been treated for gas inhalation, which the police believe occurred accidentally, but which the wealthy Catherine suspects was deliberate. As he is leaving the house, Frank notices Catherine's beautiful English stepdaughter Diane playing a melancholy piano piece and assures her that her stepmother will be fine. When Diane becomes hysterical, Frank slaps her face to calm her. Confused, she slaps him back, then apologizes. Later, after getting off work, Frank goes to a nearby diner, unaware that Diane is following him in her sports car. In the diner, Frank tries to call his girl friend, Mary Wilton, a hospital receptionist, but gets no answer. Diane then comes in and strikes up a flirtatious conversation with him. When Mary finally calls him, Frank turns down her dinner invitation, claiming that he is too tired. Frank takes Diane out, and over dinner, she tells him that her father is a well-respected novelist but has not finished a book since her mother's death during the war. Diane then asks Frank, a former race car driver who dreams of owning his own garage, about Mary, and he reveals that Mary has been saving her money to help him. The next day, Diane invites Mary to lunch and, while pretending that she wants to contribute to Frank's garage fund, lets her know that he spent the evening with her. Seeing through Diane's tactics, Mary rejects her offer but admits that her faith in Frank is shaken. That night, Mary is about to go out with Frank when he lies again about his date with Diane. Disgusted, Mary rejects Frank and goes out with Bill, a longtime admirer. Later, at the diner, Diane finds Frank, who chastises her for speaking to Mary. When Diane suggests that he drive her car in an upcoming race, however, Frank forgives her and agrees to talk further about her idea. Diane then convinces her parents to hire a chauffeur and, while kissing him on a moonlit drive, persuades Frank to accept the job. Soon after, Diane informs Frank that she has talked to her stepmother about investing in his garage, and he presents Catherine with a written proposal. Although Catherine is suspicious of Diane's motives, she tells Frank that she will consider the offer. Catherine then calls her lawyer, Arthur Vance, for advice, but learns that he is out of town. Later, Diane meets secretly with Frank and tells him that Catherine threw his proposal in the trash. Diane also confides her fear that if Catherine were to find out about their romance, she would fire him and lock her up. Frank tries to reassure Diane that Catherine has no power over her, but Diane insists that Catherine will take her anger out on her beloved, weak father if she is defied. In the middle of the night, Diane then comes to Frank's room and tells him that Catherine tried to kill her by turning on her gas fireplace. Frank refuses to believe Diane's story and orders her back to bed. The next day, Frank stops by Mary's apartment and states that he is leaving his job and Diane. After making a date with Mary for that night, Frank returns to the Tremaynes and starts to pack. Having anticipated his move, Diane cries and begs him to run away with her, showing him her own packed suitcase. Admitting that he loves her, Frank agrees to stay for a few more days so that she can think seriously about the situation. The following day, with Frank gone, Catherine prepares to drive herself to Santa Barbara. As she is about to leave, Charles asks for a lift, and after Catherine puts the car in drive and steps on the gas, the vehicle screeches backward over the cliff. Catherine and Charles are killed in the crash, and following some investigation, both Frank and Diane are arrested for murder. Diane, who stands to inherit all of Catherine's wealth, has suffered a nervous breakdown, however, and is incarcerated in a prison hospital. To help Diane, Vance hires Fred Barrett, a renowned defense lawyer. Just before the trial is to start, Fred convinces Frank and Diane to marry so that he can propose that Diane's suitcase was in Frank's room because they were planning to elope. During the trial, Barrett skillfully deflates expert testimony regarding the car's transmission and steering mechanism, which appears to have been tampered with, and paints Frank and Diane as innocent lovebirds. Frank and Diane are acquitted, but once back at the estate, Frank tells Diane he is divorcing her. Diane finally talks about the jealousy and loneliness she felt when her father married Catherine and the grief she suffered upon seeing their crushed bodies. Despite Diane's remorse, Frank insists he is returning to Mary. After Diane bets Frank her sports car that Mary will not take him back, Frank goes to Mary, who rejects him in favor of Bill. Diane, meanwhile, visits Barrett's office and insists on confessing to the murders, detailing how she asked an unsuspecting Frank to explain the car's transmission. Reminding Diane about the double jeopardy rule, Barrett tears up the confession. Upon returning home, Diane finds Frank packing for Mexico and asks if she can go, too. Frank says no, but agrees to let her drive him to the bus station. After Frank gets in, Diane shifts into reverse, jams her foot on the gas pedal and sends the car over the cliff, killing them both."] ["During the cold and rainy off-season a man  arrives in a seaside town and, giving his name only as Pierre, checks into the only hotel which remains open. His arrival arouses curiosity and a degree of suspicion, as people note that he appears to know the area, yet gives no explanation for his presence at that bleak time of year in the dead-end town. The elderly father of the hotel owner, now a mute invalid, shows signs of recognition but his condition prevents him from voicing what he observes. Pierre is treated with barely disguised petty-minded intolerance and hostility by the hotel owner, guests and habitués, but develops a friendship with Marthe , an all-purpose employee at the hotel. Pierre also notices a 15 year-old boy &ndash; employed as a dogsbody at the hotel, where he has been placed by the local state-run orphanage &ndash; who he has spotted engaging in rendezvous with Mme Curlier, a middle-aged female guest. His attempts to engage the somewhat surly and reticent youth however meet with rebuff. The arrival in the town of Fred , an oily and seedy character on Pierre's trail, precipitates his fate. It transpires that Pierre's interest in the orphan boy arises from the fact that he sees in him an exact reflection of himself at the same age; Pierre too was raised in the same orphanage and was sent as a teenage boy to work in this hotel, where he was picked up by a predatory older woman, a well-known chanteuse who offered him escape to the bright lights of Paris. Over time however, his gigolo-type lifestyle with the woman became increasingly sordid and degrading. It is revealed that Pierre is now on the run, having just killed the singer, and has returned to the town of his childhood and adolescence in a vain attempt to try to find some inner peace. Instead his return has ended in complete desperation. Marthe, who by now has fallen in love with Pierre, does her best to help him through his despair, but it is not to be.Une si jolie petite plage overview at Films de France. Retrieved 24-07-2010"] ['Just released from prison, John Muller  masterminds a holdup at an illegal casino run by Rocky Stansyck. The robbery goes bad, and the mobsters captured some of Muller\'s men and force them to identify the rest before killing them. Stansyck has a reputation for tracking down and killing his enemies, no matter how long it takes, so Muller decides to leave town and hide. He takes an office job recommended by his law-abiding brother, Frederick , but quickly decides that working for a living is not for him. A chance encounter with dentist Dr. Swangron  reveals that Muller looks exactly like a psychoanalyst who works in the same building, Dr. Bartok, the only difference being a large scar on the left side of the doctor\'s face. Seizing the opportunity, he begins researching Bartok, even slipping into his office to examine his records. He is discovered by the doctor\'s secretary, Evelyn Hahn . She mistakes him for her employer and kisses him, but quickly realizes he is someone else. He persuades her to go out with him, though she has become embittered and claims to have given up any dreams of finding love. Muller sets out to impersonate Bartok, aided by the fact he studied psychoanalysis in medical school before dropping out. He takes a photograph of the doctor and uses it as a guide to cut an identical scar on his own face. Unfortunately, the developers of the photograph reversed the negative, so now Muller has the scar on the wrong side. He only discovers the mistake after he has already murdered Bartok and is preparing to dump the body in the river. He has no choice but to go through with the plan anyway. Luckily, no one notices the difference, not even Evelyn or Bartok\'s patients. Muller discovers "he" has a girlfriend, Virginia Taylor , and that they frequent Maxwell\'s, a high class casino. It also turns out Bartok has been losing heavily. When a worried Frederick Muller tries to contact his brother, the trail leads to Bartok. The scar convinces Frederick that the man he sees is merely a lookalike. Evelyn, previously unaware of the switch , reveals that John Muller said he was going to Paris. Frederick Muller tells "Bartok" that his brother no longer has to hide; Stansyck was convicted for "income tax problems" and is scheduled to be deported. Afterward, Evelyn realizes that Muller is an imposter and that he must have killed the psychoanalyst. Though he admits to her he did, she does not turn him in to the police; instead she purchases a ticket to sail to Honolulu. Muller finds out and promises he will go with her, but she does not believe he would leave such a opportunity to enrich himself. Muller arranges for other doctors to take over his patients and heads to the dock. There, however, he is intercepted by two men who want to discuss Bartok\'s $90,000 gambling debt. When Muller tries to break away, they fatally shoot him. Evelyn sails away, unaware that Muller lies dying on the dock.'] ["In 1964, Pinkie Brown, a sociopathic member of a Brighton gang, murders a man who has himself killed the gang leader, Kite. He befriends Rose, a young waitress who had witnessed gang activity, so as to keep an eye on her, and she falls in love with him. In order to prevent her from being made to give evidence against him, he marries her. Ida, Rose's employer and a friend of the man killed by Pinkie, takes it upon herself to save the girl from the monster she has married."] ['Dane Clark plays Danny Hawkins, the son of a murderer who was hanged for his crimes. Haunted by his father\'s past, the young man is tormented by the young people of the small southern town in which he lives. Hawkins\' only friend is Gilly Johnson , a girl who is quickly falling in love with him. When Hawkins kills a bully in self-defense, he fears the same fate as his father. When the dead body is found and Sheriff Clem Otis  starts closing in, Danny becomes crazed. He jumps off a Ferris wheel and nearly strangles a harmless mute  who found Hawkins\' pocket knife near the body. While hiding out in the swamps, Hawkins visits his Grandma  who tells him the truth about his father\'s crime. Hawkins realizes he\'s not tainted by "bad blood" and turns himself in to the police.'] ['Private detective Philip Marlowe is hired by a wealthy widow, Elizabeth Murdock, to find a stolen coin called the Brasher Doubloon. Marlowe ends up in the middle of a much more complicated case, one that involves blackmail and murder, forcing him to deal with a number of strange individuals. That includes Merle Davis, a deranged secretary to Murdock, whose own role in the matter is considerably more sinister than it seems.'] ["Just after World War II, paratroopers Captain Murdock  and Sergeant Johnny Drake ([[William Prince  are mysteriously ordered to travel to Washington, D.C. When Drake learns that he is to be awarded the Medal of Honor (and Murdock the [[Distinguished Service Cross , he disappears before newspaper photographers can take his picture. Murdock follows the clues and tracks his friend to Gulf City, where he learns Drake is dead &ndash; burned to death in a car accident. Murdock finds out that Drake joined the Army under an assumed name to avoid a murder charge. He was accused of killing a rich old man named Chandler because he was in love with his beautiful young wife Coral . Murdock goes to a nightclub to question Louis Ord , a witness in the murder trial. Ord reveals that Drake had given him a letter for Murdock. Murdock also meets Coral and Martinelli , the club owner, there. Murdock's drink is drugged. When he wakes up the next morning, he finds Ord's dead body planted in his hotel room. He manages to dispose of the corpse before police Lieutenant Kincaid , responding to an anonymous tip, shows up to question him. Murdock teams up with Coral. Suspecting that Martinelli had Ord killed in order to get the letter, Murdock breaks into his office, only to find the safe already open. Just before he is knocked unconscious by an unseen assailant, he smells jasmine, the same aroma as Coral's perfume. When Murdock awakens, Martinelli has him roughed up by his thug, Krause ([[Marvin Miller , to try to find out what is in the coded letter. However, Murdock manages to trick his captors and escape. Now suspicious of Coral, Murdock goes to her apartment to confront her. She claims to be innocent, but finally admits that she shot her husband in self defense. She gave the murder weapon to Martinelli to dispose of, but he has been blackmailing her ever since. In love with her himself, Murdock agrees to leave town with her, but decides to retrieve the incriminating weapon first, despite Coral's fears. He threatens Martinelli with a gun, eliciting some startling revelations. The club owner reveals that Coral is his wife. He killed Chandler and framed Drake so that Coral could inherit the estate before the bigamy could be discovered. Murdock gets what he came for and forces Martinelli to precede him out of the building. As he opens the door, Martinelli is shot and killed. Murdock jumps into the waiting car and drives off with Coral. As they are speeding away, he accuses her of having just tried to kill him. When she shoots him, the car crashes. He survives, but she suffers fatal injuries. In the hospital, Murdock comforts her in her final moments."] ['Frank Thompson , awakens in the middle of the street, after wreckage falling from a building in New York City hits him in the head. Frank soon discovers that his apartment has been rented out for a year and his wife Virginia has been living on her own elsewhere. Frank confronts Virginia , who is shocked to see the husband who disappeared without explanation a year earlier. As Frank slowly pieces together his old life, it turns out he is running from a murder he cannot remember committing, and only an old, paralyzed woman can clear him.'] ["A mysterious artist, Ronnie Mason, steals a dead woman's wedding ring and money and leaves a fake suicide note. Her husband, Thomas Turner, believed his wife might have been seeing Mason behind his back. Mason leaves town, changes his name to Marsh and rents a room in the house of Hilda Fenchurch and her younger sister Anne. To the consternation of professor Andrew Lang, who loves Hilda, she falls for Marsh, the new tenant. The scheming Marsh learns that it is Anne who might inherit a great deal of money, so he suddenly switches his affections toward her. Hilda is jealous and suspicious. She plots to lure Marsh to a beach house and poison him. She isn't able to go through with it, but when Marsh runs off, he is surprised by Thomas Turner and plunges off a steep cliff to his death."] ["On a Los Angeles street, Officer Hollis, a patrolman on his way home from work, stops a man he suspects of being a burglar and is shot and mortally wounded. The minor clues lead nowhere. Two police detectives, Sergeants Marty Brennan  and Chuck Jones , are assigned to catch the killer, Roy Morgan , a brilliant mystery man with no known criminal past, who is hiding in a Hollywood bungalow and listening to police calls on his custom radio in an attempt to avoid capture. His only relationship is with his little dog. Roy consigns burgled electronic equipment to Paul Reeves , and on his fifth sale is nearly caught when he shows up to collect on his property. Reeves tells police that the suspect is a mystery man named Roy Martin. The case crosses the paths of Brennan and Jones, who stake out Reeves' office to arrest and question Roy. He suspects a trap, however, and in a brief shootout shoots and paralyzes Jones. Jones wounds Roy, who performs surgery on himself to remove the bullet and avoid going to a hospital, where his gunshot wound would be reported to the police. With his knowledge of police procedures, Roy changes his MO and becomes an armed robber. During one robbery he fires his semi-automatic pistol, and the police recover the ejected casing. Lee , a forensics specialist, matches the ejector marks on the casing to those recovered in the killing of Officer Rawlins and the wounding of Sgt. Jones, connecting all three shootings to one suspect. Captain Breen  uses this break to gather all of the witnesses to the robberies. They assist Lee in building a composite photo of the killer. Reeves then identifies Roy from the composite. However, Roy hides in Reeves' car and attempts to intimidate him into revealing details of the police investigation. He barely eludes a stakeout of Reeves' house. Because the police do not realize that Roy has inside knowledge of their work, the case goes nowhere. Breen takes Brennan off the case in an attempt to shake him up. Jones convinces his partner to stop viewing the case personally and to use his head. Plodding, methodical follow-up by Brennan, using the composite photograph, results in information that Roy, whose actual name is Roy Morgan, worked for a local police department as a civilian radio dispatcher before being drafted into the Army. Brennan tracks him down through post office mail carriers and disguises himself as a milkman to get a close look at Morgan and his apartment. The police surround and raid the apartment that night, but Morgan, forewarned by the barking of his dog, escapes through the attic and uses the Los Angeles sewer system as a means of escape. The film continues with a dragnet and chase through the sewers. Roy is finally cornered by the police in a passage blocked by the wheel of a police car. As the police shoot tear gas at Roy, he staggers and attempts to fire at them. He is then shot down and killed. The final scene is notable for its resemblance to the final sceen in The Third Man in which Orson Welles is chased through the sewers of Vienna. No known connection between the films has been established.."] ["The plot is very close to the original play and 1928 movie. Racketeer and mobster Nick Scanlon  has managed to buy several of the local government and law-enforcement officials of a large midwestern American city. However, he can't seem to touch the incorruptible police captain Tom McQuigg , who refuses all attempts at bribery. The city’s prosecuting attorney, Welch , and a police detective, Turk , are crooked and make McQuigg's job as an honest officer nearly impossible. McQuigg persuades a sexy nightclub singer  to testify against Scanlon which makes her marked for death from the mob. McQuigg not only wants to nail Scanlon, but also stop all the mob corruption in the city -- without getting himself or his witness killed."] ["The film is set in Trinidad while it was still a British colony. Chris Emery  works as a nightclub singer and dancer. One night after her performance she receives news from Inspector Smythe  and Anderson , a member of the American consulate, that her husband Neil was found dead. She is comforted by Neil's friend Max Fabian . Initially, the police conclude that Neil committed suicide based on his gunshot wound and due to a pistol at the crime scene. On further investigation they discover that Neil was in fact murdered. Inspector Smythe and Anderson take Chris into confidence and inform her that Neil's boat was seen outside Fabian's property at the time of his murder. Chris learns that Fabian is in fact a crook who has built his fortune by trading information and aiding in treason and that Neil could have been murdered due to his involvement in Fabian's latest project. Chris agrees to exploit Fabian's love for her to gather information for the police. Meanwhile Neil's brother Steve Emery  arrives in Trinidad at the request of his brother who had written to him about a prospective job. He is shocked to learn that his brother committed suicide shortly after writing to him and sets out to investigate matters on his own. After the inquest Chris and Steve spend some time together. Though she starts falling in love with Steve, Chris is unable to reveal to him her motive behind getting friendly with Fabian. As Chris inches closer to discovering the truth about Fabian, Steve gathers proof of Fabian's involvement in Neil's death. This leads to a showdown in the climax."] ["When the body of a young woman is found on an isolated beach, Lieutenant Phil Gaines and his partner, Sergeant Louis Belgrave, are the weary and bitter LAPD detectives assigned to the homicide investigation. They conclude, with the support of the coroner's report, that the victim, a hooker and known drug user named Gloria Hollinger, committed suicide using pills. The commanding officer, Santuro, tells them to close the case. When the detectives talk to the family about the death they omit two facts about the case. That just prior to her death Gloria attended a party at the home of Leo Sellers, a rich, powerful, but corrupt, local attorney and that Gloria had large quantities of semen in her stomach, vagina and rectum indicating that she had apparently engaged in a variety of sexual acts with numerous partners just prior to her demise. Her father, Marty Hollinger, a headstrong veteran of the Korean Conflict, does not accept the official report and attempts to locate the possible criminal involvement with his own investigation. He discovers the connection to Sellers, who is also a regular costumer of Phil's girlfriend, the French prostitute Nicole Britton."] ['Horace Vendig shows himself to the world as a rich philanthropist. In fact, the history of his rise from his unhappy broken home shows this to be far from the case. After being taken in by richer neighbors he started to exhibit an obsessive and selfish urge to make more and more money, loving and leaving women at will to further this end.'] ['Two L.A. detectives Cal Bruner  and Jack Farnham  get in over their heads when they decide to split up thousands of dollars they found on a recently killed counterfeiter. To make matters worse, they are assigned by their police captain to look for the missing cash. Things get even worse when one cop gets romantically involved with a money-hungry nightclub singer. When Farnham decides to turn honest and hand the money over to his superiors, the other cop decides to take it all.'] ['In April 2054, Captain John Anderton  is chief of the highly controversial Washington, D.C., PreCrime police force. They use future visions generated by three "precogs", mutated humans with precognitive abilities, to stop murders; because of this, the city has been murder-free for six years. Though Anderton is a respected member of the force, he is addicted to Neuroin, an illegal psychoactive drug. His addiction started following the disappearance of his son Sean, which also caused his wife Lara to leave him. With the PreCrime force poised to go nationwide, the system is audited by Danny Witwer , a member of the United States Justice Department. During the audit, the precogs predict that Anderton will murder a man named Leo Crow in 36\xa0hours. Believing the incident to be a setup by Witwer, who is aware of Anderton\'s addiction, Anderton attempts to hide the case and quickly departs the area before Witwer begins a manhunt for him. Anderton seeks the advice of Dr. Iris Hineman , the lead researcher of the PreCrime technology. She explains to Anderton that sometimes the three precogs see different visions of the future, in which case the system only provides data on the two reports which agree; the "minority report", reflecting the potential future where a predicted killer would have done something different, is discarded. According to Dr. Hineman, the female precog Agatha is most likely to be the precog that witnesses the minority report. Anderton undergoes a dangerous underground eye replacement to avoid detection by the city\'s optical recognition system. He travels back to PreCrime and kidnaps Agatha , which disables the precogs\' hive mind and shuts down the system. Anderton takes Agatha to a shopping mall, and a hacker, who extracts both Agatha\'s vision of Crow\'s murder&mdash;with no differences from the other two precogs, so there was no minority report&mdash;and another of the murder of a woman named Anne Lively&mdash;which Agatha also showed to Anderton the day before he was incriminated. Anderton and Agatha then head to the apartment where Crow is to be killed. Inside, Anderton finds hundreds of pictures of children, one of which is of his son, and concludes that Crow is responsible for Sean\'s disappearance. When Crow arrives, Anderton holds him at gunpoint, but ultimately decides to control his anger and places Crow under arrest instead. Crow admits that he was hired to plant these photos and then be killed, so his family would be paid handsomely. Since Anderton refuses to kill him, Crow grabs the officer\'s hand and makes him fire at point-blank range, effectively committing suicide by cop. On the run, Anderton and Agatha approach his ex-wife Lara for refuge. Anderton learns Lively was Agatha\'s former drug-addicted mother, once before a target of a failed murder attempt after requesting to see her daughter before her death. Anderton realizes that his knowledge of the Lively case is why he is being targeted. Meanwhile, Witwer assesses Crow\'s "murder" and doubts that Anderton killed him in cold blood. He comes to recognize that the archival footage of Lively\'s murder shows what appears to be a future echo by one of the visions, routinely discarded by PreCrime, which he realizes is a different murder as nearby water is rippling in a different direction from the original PreCrime vision. He suspects someone used this to stage the first murder attempt, and then recreated the setting to actually kill Lively and avoid being detected by PreCrime. Witwer realizes that the murderer would had to have been someone high up in PreCrime to have access to the vision, and reports these findings to PreCrime\'s Director Lamar Burgess . Burgess, noting that the PreCrime division is currently disabled due to Agatha\'s absence, kills Witwer and frames Anderton for that murder as well. The PreCrime unit eventually captures Anderton and restores Agatha to the system. Burgess attempts to comfort Lara, but accidentally reveals that he was the one that killed Lively. Lara acts on this information and frees Anderton at gunpoint. At a banquet to celebrate the success of the PreCrime unit attended by Burgess, Anderton plays back Agatha\'s vision of Lively\'s murder for the gathered crowd, which shows Burgess as the murderer. While Burgess begins to hunt down Anderton, a new PreCrime report is created: Anderton is the victim and Burgess, the murderer. When Burgess catches up to Anderton, Anderton explains the impossible situation: if Burgess kills Anderton, he proves the system works but at the cost of a life sentence, while if he does not, the system will not have worked and the PreCrime division will be shut down. Anderton explains the fundamental flaw in the system: if one knows his or her future, he or she can change it. Burgess resolves the dilemma by killing himself. The PreCrime program is shut down and the prisoners are unconditionally pardoned and released, though police departments keep watch on many of them. Anderton and Lara remarry and start a new family. The precogs are sent to an "undisclosed location", a small uncharted island in the North Atlantic Ocean to live out a full happy life in peace.'] ["Victor Scott  is a District Attorney with a drive to win every case. He is assisted by fellow attorney Ellen Miles  who is not quite as hard-driving, but is devoted to her D.A. boss. After Scott discovers that one of the men he sent to his death is innocent, he falls into a drunken haze, is arrested for drunk and disorderly conduct, and determines to defend one of his fellow incarcerated. This leads to a new career as a defense attorney. In the process Scott ends up defending an associate of the city's crime boss, a man he refused to work for earlier in the film due to the fact that “...no one would testify against you; you own the people who work for you”. This, in turn, leads him into direct confrontation with the very office he used to head. Over the course of the film Ellen Miles' kills her husband in self defense and Scott determines to defend her as there are no witnesses. There is a sub-plot here involving Ellen Miles husband, the crime boss, and an ongoing leak between the D.A.s office and the crime boss. The leak turns out to be Ellen's husband, Ray Borden. The new D.A., not knowing this, determines that Ellen herself is the leak and that she has murdered her husband when found out. There is also a shorter story arc in which Scott is encouraged and mentored by Ellen Miles' father. As Ms. Miles's father lies on his death-bed, Scott promises to protect Ms. Miles. As such he acts as surrogate father and mentor to Ms. Miles, encouraging her career as an attorney. There is also a hint that the relationship between Miles and Scott might have been a romantic one had Scott allowed it. Angel O'Hara  plays a small yet important role as witness for the defense. Her testimony places the role of “leak” firmly in the lap of Ray Borden , whom she testifies has had continuing contact with the crime boss, Frank Garland ."] ['Helen Brent  has just received a Reno divorce in Nevada. That night, she discovers one of her neighbors, Laury Palmer, and a gentleman caller murdered in Palmer\'s home. The killer is her neighbor\'s other boyfriend, Sam Wilde , an insanely jealous man who won\'t abide anyone "cutting in" on him. Helen discovers the bodies, but says nothing to the police; she\'s leaving town and doesn\'t want to be impeded. She meets Sam on the train, and she is instantly attracted to his self-confidence and brutality, but she is engaged to marry a wealthy boyfriend, Fred . Sam tells Helen that he will call on her wherever she is staying in San Francisco. He arrives and meets Georgia Staples , Helen\'s foster sister, also rich, and Sam soon shifts his attentions to her, marrying her for her money after a whirlwind romance. Neither Helen\'s engagement nor Sam\'s marriage is an impediment to their beginning an affair. Meanwhile, back in Reno, the owner of the boarding house where Helen lived has hired a mercenary, verse-quoting detective, played by Walter Slezak, to find out who killed Laury. The detective follows Sam\'s friend, Marty , to San Francisco, and soon begins to make blackmailing overtures to Helen. Marty finds out who hired the detective and attempts to kill her, but Sam thinks he\'s trying to cut in on his action and kills Marty. Fred is troubled by the resulting police investigation and breaks it off. Sam and Helen face off in a fatal confrontation as their schemes begin unraveling, with Sam killing Helen before he is slain by police.'] ["Drifter cowboy Jim Garry receives a job offer by mail from smooth-talking Tate Riling. Garry rides into an Indian reservation and finds himself in the middle of a feud between cattle ranchers and homesteaders. Garry doesn't realize that his new boss Riling is a criminal. Riling intends to swindle naive landowners in an elaborate scheme involving a plan to make sure that cattle owner Lufton and his family don't get grazing land, thereby losing their stock. At first aligning himself with Riling, Garry finally figures out that his so-called friend is up to no good. He switches loyalty to Lufton and his daughters, leading to a bloody showdown."] ["In 1539 the Knight Templars of Malta, paid tribute to Charles V of Spain, by sending him a Golden Falcon encrusted from beak to claw with rarest jewels——but pirates seized the galley carrying this priceless token and the fate of the Maltese Falcon remains a mystery to this day——{{cite book}}—Introductory text appearing after the film's opening credits In 1941 San Francisco, private investigators Sam Spade  and Miles Archer  meet prospective client Miss Ruth Wonderly . She claims to be looking for her missing sister, who is involved with a man named Floyd Thursby. Wonderly is to meet Thursby. After receiving a substantial retainer, Archer volunteers to follow her that night and help get her sister back. That night, Spade is informed that Archer has been killed. He meets his friend, Police Detective Tom Polhaus , at the murder scene. He then calls Wonderly&#39;s hotel, but she has checked out. He is grilled by Polhaus and his supervisor, Lieutenant Dundy , who inform him that Thursby was also murdered that same evening. Dundy suggests that Spade had the opportunity and motive to kill Thursby, who likely killed Archer. Archer&#39;s widow  believes that Spade shot his partner so he could have her.  Later that morning, Spade meets Wonderly, now calling herself Brigid O&#39;Shaughnessy. She explains that Thursby was her partner and probably killed Archer, but claims to have no idea who killed Thursby. Spade agrees to investigate the murders. At his office, Spade meets Joel Cairo , who first offers him a $5,000 fee to find a &#34;black figure of a bird,&#34; then pulls a gun on him in order to search for it. Spade manages to knock Cairo out and go through his belongings. When Cairo revives, he hires Spade. Later that evening, Spade tells O&#39;Shaughnessy about Cairo. When Cairo shows up, it becomes clear that Spade&#39;s acquaintances know each other. Cairo becomes agitated when O&#39;Shaughnessy reveals that the &#34;Fat Man&#34; is in San Francisco.  In the morning, Spade goes to Cairo&#39;s hotel, where he spots Wilmer , a young man who had been following him earlier. He gives Wilmer a message for his boss, Kasper Gutman , the &#34;Fat Man&#34;. Spade meets Gutman. Gutman begins to talk about the Falcon, but becomes evasive, causing Spade to storm out. Later, Wilmer takes Spade at gunpoint to see Gutman. Spade overpowers Wilmer, but meets with Gutman anyway. Gutman relates the history of the Maltese Falcon. He offers Spade $25,000 for the bird and a quarter of the proceeds from its sale. Then Spade passes out; his drink was spiked. Wilmer, Gutman and Cairo  depart. When Spade awakens, he searches the suite and finds a newspaper with the arrival time of the freighter La Paloma circled. He goes to the dock, only to find the ship on fire, so he returns to his office. A man  clutching a bundle wrapped in newspaper bursts in and staggers toward Spade before dying. The contents of his wallet identify the dead man as Captain Jacobi of the La Paloma. The bundle contains the Maltese Falcon. The phone rings. O&#39;Shaughnessy gives an address and then screams before the line goes dead. Spade stashes the package in a bus terminal baggage room, then goes to the address. It turns out to be an empty lot. Spade returns home and finds O&#39;Shaughnessy hiding in a doorway. He takes her inside, and finds Gutman, Cairo, and Wilmer waiting for him, guns drawn. Gutman gives Spade $10,000 for the Falcon, but Spade tells them that part of his price is someone he can turn over to the police for the murders of Archer, Thursby, and Captain Jacobi. Spade suggests Wilmer as the best choice, since he certainly killed Thursby and Jacobi. After some intense negotiation, Gutman and Cairo agree; Wilmer is knocked out in a scuffle. Spade gets the details of what happened and who killed whom, so that he can present a convincing story to the police along with Wilmer. Just after dawn, Spade calls his secretary, Effie Perrine ([[Lee Patrick , to bring him the bundle. However, when Gutman inspects the black statuette, he discovers that it is a fake. He suggests that he and Cairo return to Istanbul to continue their quest. After they leave, Spade calls the police and tells them where to pick up the pair. Spade then angrily confronts O&#39;Shaughnessy, telling her he knows she killed Archer to implicate Thursby, her unwanted accomplice. O&#39;Shaughnessy cannot believe that Spade would turn her over to the police, but he does, despite his feelings for her."] ['Motherland is an epic documentary about the African continent from Ancient Egypt to the present. It is an overview of African history and contemporary issues but with the African people at the centre of the story. It is one of the first Pan-African features to be made.'] ['Detective Michael Shayne is trying to convince girlfriend Joanne he is ready for marriage when they hear shots from a nearby hotel. He rushes to the hotel and finds two dead actors, in a suite with the door open, sitting at a dining table. The actors are dressed in costumes they wore 25 years before in a musical comedy at a theatre located next to the hotel. Michael is suddenly drawn into one of the strangest murder mysteries of his career.'] ['Police Lieutenant Collier Bonnabel  of the homicide department addresses the audience directly, explaining that he only knows one way to solve a case: by applying pressure to all the suspects, playing on their strengths and weaknesses, until one of them snaps under the tension. He then cites a murder case involving Warren Quimby , which leads to a flashback. Bespectacled Quimby, the night manager of a 24 hour drugstore, is married to sexy, unfaithful Claire . Saving and doing without, he is able to buy a nice house in the suburbs, but she is utterly unimpressed, refusing even to look inside. She eventually leaves him for the latest of her conquests, rich Barney Deager . Quimby goes to Deager\'s Malibu beachfront house to try to get his wife back, but she wants nothing to do with him. When Quimby persists, Deager beats him up. He tells his sympathetic employee, Freddie, what happened. Freddie remarks that if it had been him, he would have killed the man. Deeply humiliated, Quimby takes up Freddie\'s idea. He constructs a new identity, cosmetics salesman "Paul Sothern", buys contact lenses and flashier clothes, and rents an apartment. As he is moving in, he meets his new neighbor, Mary Chanler . They start dating. Meanwhile, Quimby makes a phone call, leaving a message with Narco, Deager\'s servant, that he will get Deager for some unspecified wrong. Then, one night, he hitchhikes to Deager\'s place, grabs a handy barbecue prong and sneaks inside. He finds Quimby asleep in a chair, but cannot go through with the killing. When he drops his weapon, Deager awakes. Quimby grabs the prong and holds it to Deager\'s neck. He explains that he came to kill his rival, but has suddenly realized that Claire is not worth it. Then, seeing that his wife is absent, he mocks Deager, guessing that Claire has said she was going to the movies ... the excuse she used while cheating on him. After Quimby leaves, Deager becomes thoughtful. Quimby is surprised when Claire returns to him. When he refuses to believe she has come back out of love, she tells him Deager has been murdered. Before Quimby has time to absorb the news, Bonnabel and his partner, Lieutenant Gonsales , arrive to question them. They know that Claire left the murder scene before they were called. She says that she only went to Deager\'s place to swim regularly, and that she and her husband were Deager\'s friends. Quimby is forced to play along to avoid suspicion. The police are looking for Paul Sothern, the prime suspect. However, following his stated policy, Bonnabel leads Claire on, pretending he is attracted to her. The police get a break when Mary goes to the Bureau of Missing Persons, concerned about Sothern\'s disappearance. She brings a photograph. Bonnabel eventually realizes Sothern and Quimby are the same man. However, Deager was shot, and they do not have the gun. Bonnabel maneuvers Mary to Quimby\'s workplace, but she refuses to identify Quimby and states that her faith in Sothern is unshaken. The police arrest Quimby anyway. Under questioning, he tells them his story, but they find it hard to believe. Later, Bonnabel tells Claire that they had to release her husband due to insufficient evidence; he plants the idea that the gun is the vital clue they need to convict Quimby. Claire drives out into the country, retrieves the gun, and plants it in Sothern\'s apartment. Quimby arrives, followed shortly by the police. Bonnabel encourages Claire to resume searching; she "finds" the gun under a chair cushion, but then Bonnabel explains that all the furniture had been replaced. After Claire is taken into custody, Mary says the furniture had not been changed. Bonnabel replies that it would have been too much work.'] ['The Rico brothers are mobsters in the employ of a syndicate head, Sid Kubick . Eddie Rico  has given up crime, but the other Ricos  have not. This causes a rift in the family. Eddie gets word that his brothers have been marked for murder. He tries to warn them, yet what Eddie does not know, at least until the last moments of the film, is that Kubick is the man who has ordered the Rico boys murdered.'] ['The film begins with what a BBC reviewer called "perhaps one of cinema\'s most innovative opening sequences."{{cite web}} The scene is a long, behind-the-back tracking sequence featuring Frank Bigelow  walking through the hallway of a police station to report his own murder. Oddly, the police almost seem to have been expecting him and already know who he is.  A flashback begins with Bigelow in his hometown of Banning, California where he is an accountant and notary public. He decides to take a one-week vacation in San Francisco, but this does not sit well with Paula Gibson , his confidential secretary and girlfriend, as he does not want her to accompany him. Bigelow accompanies a group from a sales convention on a night on the town. At a "jive" nightclub called "The Fisherman", unnoticed by Bigelow, a stranger swaps his drink for another. The nightclub scene includes one of the earliest depictions of the Beat subculture. The next morning, Bigelow feels ill. He visits a doctor, where tests reveal he swallowed a "luminous toxin" for which there is no antidote. A second opinion confirms the grim diagnosis, and the other doctor implies that the poisoning must have been deliberate. Bigelow remembers his drink tasted strange. With a few days to live at most, Bigelow sets out to untangle the events behind his impending death, interrupted occasionally by phone calls from Paula. She provides the first clue: a man named Eugene Philips had tried to contact him, but died the previous day, purportedly a suicide. Bigelow travels to Philips\' import-export company in Los Angeles, first meeting Miss Foster , the secretary, then Mr Halliday , the company\'s comptroller, who tells him Eugene Philips committed suicide. From there the trail leads to Philips\' widow  and brother Stanley . The key to the mystery is a bill of sale for what turns out to be stolen iridium. Bigelow had notarized the document for Eugene Philips six months earlier. He connects Philips\' mistress, Marla Rakubian , to gangsters led by Majak . They capture Bigelow. Since Bigelow has learned too much, Majak orders his psychotic henchman Chester  to kill him. However, Bigelow manages to escape. Bigelow thinks Stanley and Miss Foster are his killers but when he confronts them, he finds Stanley has been poisoned too - after having dinner with Mrs Philips. He tells them to call an ambulance and what poison has been ingested so that, in Stanley\'s case at least, prompt treatment may save his life. Stanley tells Bigelow he found evidence that Halliday and Mrs. Philips were having an affair. Bigelow realizes that the theft was merely a diversion. Eugene discovered the affair and Halliday killed him. Halliday and Mrs. Philips used the investigation of the iridium as a cover for their crime, making it seem that Eugene Philips had killed himself out of shame. However, when they discovered that there was evidence of his innocence in the notarized bill of sale, Halliday murdered anyone who had knowledge of the bill of sale. Bigelow tracks Halliday down and shoots him to death in an exchange of gunfire. The flashback comes to an end. Bigelow finishes telling his story at the police station and dies, his last word being "Paula." The police detective taking down the report instructs that his file be marked "D.O.A."'] ['A Los Angeles District Attorney  is attempting to take an unwilling murder witness  back to the United States from Canada to testify against a top-level mob boss. Frantically attempting to escape two deadly hit men sent to silence her, they board a Vancouver-bound train only to find the killers are on board with them. For the next 20 hours, as the train hurls through the beautiful but isolated Canadian wilderness, a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues in which their ability to tell friend from foe is a matter of life and death.'] ['In 1939, American standout university student Bill Dietrich  is approached by Nazi recruiters due to his German heritage. He feigns interest, then notifies the FBI. FBI agent George Briggs  tells him to play along. Dietrich travels to Hamburg, Germany, where he undergoes six months of intensive training in espionage. He is then sent back to the United States to set up a radio station and to act as paymaster to the spies already there. He is told that only a "Mr. Christopher" has the authority to change his assignment. Dietrich manages to pass along his microfilmed credentials to the FBI; they are altered so that instead of being forbidden to contact most of the agents, he is authorized to meet them all. In New York, his contact, dress designer Elsa Gebhardt , is suspicious of the modification and requests confirmation from Germany, but communication is slow. In the meantime, she has no choice but to give Dietrich full access to her spy ring. When questioned, Dietrich\'s other legitimate contact, veteran espionage agent Colonel Hammersohn , denies knowing Mr. Christopher\'s identity. In a separate development, a German spy is killed in a traffic accident; the FBI finds a secret message among his possessions stating that Mr. Christopher will concentrate on Process 97. Briggs is alarmed because he is aware that Process 97 is America\'s most closely guarded secret. When the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor in December 1941, the United States enters the war. Most of the spies Dietrich has identified are immediately picked up, but Gebhardt\'s ring is left alone, in the hope of flushing out Mr. Christopher. Gebhardt gives Dietrich papers to transmit immediately to Germany; they contain part of Process 97, a key part of the atomic bomb project. Dietrich steals a cigarette butt he notices in non-smoker Gebhardt\'s otherwise empty ashtray. The FBI traces this tiny clue to Luise Vadja, and from her to her supposed boyfriend, Charles Ogden Roper , a scientist working on the atomic bomb. Roper breaks when he is picked up and shown a message from Germany ordering his liquidation after he has completed his mission. Roper confesses to dropping off the last part of Process 97 at a bookstore, hiding the papers in a book. A man believed to be Mr. Christopher is filmed leaving the store. That is enough for Briggs. He orders the arrest of Gebhardt\'s ring. It is just in time for Dietrich. Gebhardt finally receives a reply from Germany, confirming her worst fears. She injects Dietrich with scopolamine in an attempt to obtain information, but her building is surrounded by government agents. Gebhardt orders her underlings to hold them off while she disguises herself as a man - she is Mr. Christopher - and tries to escape with the vital papers. Unable to get away, she returns, only to be shot by mistake by one of her own men. The rest are captured, and Dietrich rescued.'] ["The story takes place in 1903. During a train trip, psychiatrist Dr. Huntington Bailey  meets a friendly older lady . She tells him that she is going to visit her brother Nick and his lovely young wife Allida. Once in New York, Bailey hears that his train companion suddenly died. Shortly afterward, he meets the strange couple and becomes suspicious of Nick's treatment of his wife. Nick  keeps Allida , whom he is trying to pass off as crazy, a virtual prisoner in their London town house [a New York brownstone in the film], cutting off all contact with the outside world. The kindly Bailey takes it upon himself to attempt to free his new love Allida from the control of the insanely jealous Nick. A frenzied gun battle in their home features the destruction of several large aquariums, replete with shattered glass, gushing water and floundering fish may be the most memorable  scene in the film."] ['The film begins with Phyllis  telling her story in flashbacks. It begins how she meets rich vintner Paul Hochen  from Napa Valley in a bar and marries him soon after. Not long after the marriage, Phyllis begins having an affair with a local rodeo rider, San Sanford , seeing him every time her husband is away, which is frequently. One night, Phyllis\' elderly mother-in-law  thinks a burglar is breaking into the house, so she calls the police. Phyllis sees this as an opportunity to kill her husband and blame the burglar for the crime. The plan backfires a day later when Phyllis instead kills her husband\'s best friend. Not wanting to go to jail, she convinces her husband to confess to the killing and they concoct a story that would set him free after the trial. Unfortunately for her husband, Phyllis lies at the trial and he is put away for murder. The "unholy" wife finally gets the punishment she deserves when her mother-in-law dies of poisoning and the blame goes to Phyllis, who is sent to prison—for a crime she had nothing to do with. Later, she faces her execution in the gas chamber. The film ends with Paul showing their son Michael  the vineyard that will someday be his.'] ["A young girl gets a flat tire, and ends up with her car being stolen. Later, her car is involved in an accident which results in a man's death. The gangsters who stole the car plant the body in her car to make it look like she was at fault."] ['In "the not-too-distant future", liberal eugenics is common and DNA plays the primary role in determining social class. Vincent Freeman is conceived and born without the aid of this technology. He has a high probability of developing mental disorders, is myopic, has a heart defect, and his projected life expectancy is only 30.2 years. His parents initially placed their faith in natural conception and now regret it; Vincent\'s younger brother, Anton, is conceived with the aid of genetic selection. Anton surpasses his older brother in many aspects including a game that they call "chicken": both swim out to sea, and the first to give up and swim back to shore is the loser. Anton always wins due to his superior physical stamina. Vincent dreams of a career in space but is constantly reminded of his genetic inferiority. Later as young adults Vincent challenges Anton to the game of chicken. This time it is Vincent who pulls ahead while Anton runs into trouble and begins to drown. Vincent saves him, then leaves home shortly thereafter. Due to frequent screening, Vincent faces genetic discrimination and prejudice. The only way he can achieve his dream of becoming an astronaut is to become a "borrowed ladder", a person who impersonates a "valid" with a superior genetic profile. He assumes the identity of Jerome Eugene Morrow, a former swimming star with a genetic profile "second to none", who had been injured in a car accident, leaving him paralyzed from the waist down. Vincent "buys" Jerome\'s identity and uses his "valid" DNA in blood, hair, tissue, and urine samples to pass screening. To keep his identity hidden, he must meticulously groom and scrub down daily to remove his own genetic material and then dust himself with Jerome\'s. Vincent gets accepted into Gattaca, with a DNA test being the entire interview process. With Jerome\'s genetic profile Vincent gains access to the Gattaca Aerospace Corporation, the most prestigious spaceflight conglomerate. He becomes Gattaca\'s top celestial navigator and is selected for a manned spaceflight to Saturn\'s moon Titan. A week before Vincent is to leave on the one-year mission, one of Gattaca\'s administrators is found bludgeoned to death in his office. Police discover an eyelash of the real Vincent on the premises, making him the prime suspect. A paper cup used by Vincent is also found after he gave it to Caesar the cleaner. Vincent must evade increasing security measures as his launch date approaches. Simultaneously, he becomes close to one of his co-workers, Irene Cassini. Although she is a "valid", Irene knows she will only ever be picked for lesser missions due to slightly elevated risk of heart failure. Romantically attracted to Vincent, she clandestinely has his DNA analyzed. The results confirm that he is out of her league, leaving her wistful, but Vincent makes it plain that he does not care about her genetics. Jerome  also suffers from the burden of his genetic perfection; when he won only a silver medal in a high-profile competition, he became increasingly depressed. While intoxicated, Jerome confesses that he did not have a car accident, but rather, had attempted suicide by jumping in front of a car, but only paralyzed himself from the waist down. After numerous close calls, Vincent\'s identity is revealed to a shocked Irene. Yet Irene comes to see Vincent for who he is and accepts him. The murder investigation abruptly comes to a close with Mission Director Josef under arrest. The director reveals that he murdered the administrator because the victim was trying to cancel the Titan mission. As Vincent appears to be in the clear he is confronted by the youthful chief detective, who is revealed to be Anton. Anton accuses Vincent of fraud and asserts that Vincent is unworthy of his place at Gattaca. Vincent reminds Anton of how he has made it thus far solo and that it was Anton who needed saving before, not himself. Having rationalized the competition he lost, Anton challenges Vincent again. They swim out, but as before, Anton turns back first and Vincent must rescue him from drowning. When Anton asks how he did it, Vincent explains that he did it by never saving anything for the swim back. As the day of the launch arrives, Jerome bids Vincent farewell. He reveals that he has stored enough genetic samples to last Vincent two lifetimes. Overwhelmed and grateful, Vincent thanks Jerome, but Jerome replies that it is he who should be grateful, since Vincent lent Jerome his dreams. Jerome gives Vincent a card but asks him not to open it until he reaches space. As Vincent moves through the Gattaca complex to the launch site, he is stopped for an unexpected last urine test. Vincent has not brought Jerome\'s fluids as he assumed there would be no more tests. The urine analysis uncovers Vincent\'s identity. However, the unperturbed Dr. Lamar, who for years has been asking Vincent during physical exams if he ever told Vincent the story of his own son, once again asks and this time goes on to tell it: His son admires Vincent and wants to be an astronaut despite a genetic defect that would rule him out. Lamar resets the test result, and tells Vincent to make his flight. Jerome climbs inside his home incinerator, puts on his silver medal and lights the fire. The rocket lifts off with Vincent, and he opens the card from Jerome to find no words—just a hair sample. He is saddened to leave, despite never having a place in the world. He muses, "They say every atom in our bodies was once a part of a star. Maybe I\'m not leaving; maybe I\'m going home."'] ["The film opens with a scene of FBI agent Richard Hendricks ([[Michael O'Shea  bedridden in a hospital bed, dictating the results of his investigation for a report to the California Governor. The dictation scenes are interrupted by long flashbacks scenes showing how the investigation proceeded. After a number of paroles granted to dangerous career criminals, the California Governor and State Attorney General suspected corruption in the state parole board. They called upon Hendricks to investigate and expose those involved. Hendricks decided to go undercover as an ex-convict wanting to buy a parole for a criminal partner currently in jail. He then proceeded to infiltrate the social circle of another recent parolee of dubious character, Harry Palmer, and ask him how to purchase a parole. However, the people operating the parole purchase ring were quite secretive and ready to take extreme measures to prevent their exposure."] ['The film begins with ten strangers being summoned to Indian Island, a small island off the coast of Devon, by a mysterious note. Once there they discover that their unknown host, a certain "Mr. Owen", has not arrived yet. Though this fact is somewhat odd, they are told that Mr. Owen plans on arriving for dinner and so they all retire to their rooms to prepare for the evening. When they all sit down to dinner Mr. Owen still has not arrived, so they eat their meal and then relax in the living room. Suddenly a voice on a gramophone record proceeds to accuse all of them of past murders that the law was unable to prosecute them for. The guests vehemently deny any wrongdoing, and the decision is made to leave the island immediately. Rogers, however, tells them that there is no way to get the boat from the mainland. There is no phone on the island, and the boat only comes twice a week; it will not be back until Monday morning, while it is now only Friday night. At this point Starloff confesses that the accusations against him are true. His only punishment was to have his driving license revoked. Soon thereafter he takes a drink of whiskey and chokes to death. Though Dr. Armstrong confirms that there was poison in Starloff\'s glass, he is unable to ascertain whether his death was murder or suicide. At the same time Rogers also discovers that one of ten little Indian figurines on the dinner table has broken. The next morning the guests arise and prepare for breakfast, only to be greeted with ominous news: Mrs. Rogers has died in her sleep, victim of an apparent overdose of sedative . Another figurine is also missing. With two deaths in twelve hours, the remaining guests decide to form a search party and canvass the island, as they believe that Mr. Owen, whoever he might be, is hiding somewhere. But a search of both the house and the outside area proves fruitless, as no one is found. They come back to the house for lunch, only to discover the body of Gen. Mandrake, a knife protruding from his back. This time the evidence is conclusive: Mr. Owen has invited them here to exact punishment for their past crimes...but there is no one else on the island. It is the judge who arrives at the answer. Since there truly is no one else among them, there is only one explanation: Mr. Owen is one of them. Their suspicions now aroused, the guests take care to remain in sight of each other at all times. Quincannon decides to hold a secret vote, whereby everyone writes down their suspect and puts it into a hat. Rogers receives two votes, more than anyone else. The guests decide that they would feel safer with him not sleeping in the house, so Rogers spends the night in the washhouse. The guests ask him to keep the key to the dining room, which contains the Indian figurines, as they intend to lock him out of the house, and that way Mr. Owen will not have access to the figures in any possible way . But when they wake up the next morning they find Rogers dead, his head split open with an axe, and another little figure missing. They are suspicious of Miss Brent, who claims to have been out for a walk by the ocean that morning. As Vera prepares breakfast in the kitchen, Miss Brent advises her to be cautious of Lombard, who has taken a bit of an interest in her. Alone with Vera, Miss Brent tells her version of the story regarding the gramophone\'s accusation. She says that her young nephew had been quite rebellious, and since whipping did no good she had him placed in a reformatory; he then hanged himself. Later that day Miss Brent\'s lifeless body is found in her room, dead of a lethal injection. Dr. Armstrong searches his medical kit and discovers his hypodermic needle missing, apparently the same one used to kill Miss Brent. It is also established that Lombard carried a revolver to the island with him, but it is now missing as well. With only five guests remaining tensions are running high. When the lights begin to flicker, Blore goes to check the generator, accidentally causing it to short circuit, and the house is plunged into darkness. Quincannon advises Armstrong that this was probably a ploy by the killer, but since he and Armstrong have been together the entire time, this means that they can trust one another. As everyone sits down to dinner that night Armstrong and Quincannon tell the others that they believe the best chance of surviving Mr. Owen\'s trap is to confess the truth. Quincannon reveals that the accusation against him is true; he sentenced Edward Seton, who was innocent, to death in order to ruin the reputation of his defending council. Armstrong also admits to the death of his patient due to being drunk. Though hesitant at first, Blore also confesses to perjuring his testimony against an innocent man. Lombard likewise states that the record\'s accusation was true. But when it comes time for Vera to tell her story, she says that she is cold and goes to her room to get a coat while the others wait for her in the dining room. After a few moments they hear her terrified shriek and rush out of the room. In the confusion of the moment a single gunshot is heard. They find Vera cowering in a corner of the hallway, and she tells them that when she went into her room she felt something like a cold hand. Blore goes to investigate and finds a piece of seaweed that Miss Brent had brought back to the house earlier hanging from the ceiling of Miss Claythorne\'s room. They then realize that Quincannon is not among them. Blore believes that the judge fired the shot at one of them in the dark. They make their way downstairs and discover Lombard\'s gun on the staircase. They make their way back to the dining room and find Quincannon dead from a gunshot to the head. After depositing Quincannon\'s body in his room, Dr. Armstrong asks Vera for the truth about her sister\'s fiance. Though reluctant, she insists that she is innocent of the accusation and goes to her room. Armstrong tells Blore and Lombard that to his mind this indicates Vera is quite likely to be Mr. Owen. Armstrong says that prior to his death, Quincannon advised him that only the person who had not committed a crime would be interested in meting out "justice". Blore seems to accept this explanation, but Lombard is highly skeptical. They all retire to their rooms. Later that night Vera wakes up to find Lombard standing outside her patio, wanting to be let in. She admits him only after he lets her take his gun for protection. Philip says that he wants to be with Vera when the real Mr. Owen comes into the room, which he suspects will be very soon. In the meantime he asks her again about the accusation against her, and Vera repeats that she is innocent of the crime. She explains to him that it was her sister who killed the man, and she helped conceal the murder and took care of her sister until she died. They then hear someone walking around outside the room, and Philip goes to investigate. Before leaving, however, he reveals that he is not really Philip Lombard. Vera and Philip go to Blore\'s room and find him there, but Armstrong is missing from his room. When the three of them go to the dining room they discover another missing figure, but they believe that Armstrong is trying to make them believe he is dead. The next morning Blore is checking around the house with binoculars, as they all wait for the boat to arrive. He is murdered when a large stone structure falls on him. Lombard and Vera find his body, and Philip takes the binoculars and sees what the detective was looking at. He and Vera make their way to the island\'s beach and find Armstrong\'s corpse. Lombard states that he has been dead for hours, as there are no footprints around the body. As they are the only two left, Vera believes that Lombard is the murderer. Lombard, however, cannot bring himself to believe that Vera is a killer. He tells her that his real name is Charles Morley, and that he knew Philip Lombard very well. He found Mr. Owen\'s invitation and came to the island, impersonating Lombard to see if the invitation had anything to do with his friend\'s death. Charles tells her to aim the gun away from him and pull the trigger. When he falls she is to go to the mansion. She does so, he collapses, and she makes her way back to the house. Once inside she is confronted with the true culprit: Judge Quincannon. Quincannon tells her that all his life he searched for perfect human justice, and this weekend was his way to bring it about. After learning that he was terminally ill he concocted this plan. As part of his scheme he deceived Armstrong into thinking that the two of them could discover who the murderer was; together they faked the judge\'s death, but it wasn\'t until the last minute that Armstrong realized he had been made a fool of and Quincannon killed him. Quincannon drinks a glass of poisoned whiskey and tells Vera that she has two options. She can commit suicide by hanging herself here, privately, or wait to be convicted at trial  and be hanged publicly. Right before he dies, however, Charles appears behind Vera and Quincannon realizes that two will survive and will be able to tell what actually happened on Indian Island. At that moment, the boatman arrives to take them back to the mainland. The nonsense poem Ten Little Indians is recited and sung throughout the film; and each death in the film corresponds in order, and means of death, to the corresponding death in the poem.'] ["Leopold Kroner , formerly of Colby Enterprises, is released after five years in prison for embezzlement. Andrew Colby , claiming that Kroner has threatened him, hires lawyer Bob Regan  as a personal bodyguard. That evening, Regan hears a gunshot from Colby's study and finds Kroner there, apparently trying to kill Colby. Regan kills Kroner when he turns around, pointing the gun at him. Regan believes Colby's explanation that Kroner had become delusional and threatening, until Regan's police buddy Damico  lets on that he's suspicious that Regan murdered Kroner. Kroner's daughter shows up at Regan's apartment and tries, but fails, to murder him. She reveals that Colby had invited Kroner to the house that night and Kroner was of sound mind. Regan investigates further, getting information about Kroner's embezzlement case from a reporter and Colby's secretary, Noel . Regan has a friend impersonate one of Colby's associates on the phone to deceive him into providing information about the embezzlement, unknowing that this associate is already long dead. Colby uses this situation to his advantage to set a trap for Regan and Noel . He innocently asks Noel to remove money from his safe, then after she leaves, he kills his associate Charles ([[John Abbott  with a weapon having Regan's fingerprints. The two of them are framed for theft and murder, but Lt. Damico tricks Colby into thinking Charles is still alive. Since Charles would reveal all of Colby's actions, that night Colby tries to sneak down and strangle Charles, only to be caught red-handed."] ["Dr. Richard Talbot, unhappy with the dull routine of his married life, begins an affair with nightclub singer Nora Prentiss. Feeling unable to ask his wife for a divorce, he fakes his own death by substituting a dead man's body for his own. He and Nora then move from San Francisco to New York, where Nora continues her singing career. Meanwhile, Talbot drinks heavily and becomes increasingly paranoid and reclusive as he learns that his death is under investigation. After a fight with Nora's nightclub boss, Talbot crashes his car and his face is badly scarred. The police, not realizing that the man is Talbot, arrest him for his own murder. Guilty about the suffering he caused his family and feeling he has no future, Talbot convinces Prentiss to keep his secret, allowing him to be convicted and executed."] ['The film noir concerns a doctor at a Canadian hospital in the province of Quebec, Canada who receives a series of poison pen letters. Later, more letters all signed with the mysterious pseudonym "Raven," are delivered to others in the small Canadian town. The wife of the doctor receives a letter accusing her of having an affair. One letter informs a shell-shocked veteran that he is dying of cancer, causing the distraught man to commit suicide. Quickly, the townsfolk begin pointing fingers at all possible suspects.'] ["{{quote}} The film opens with Shakespeare's proverb, and words on the screen announcing that its purpose is to highlight the virtues of psychoanalysis in banishing mental illness and restoring reason. Dr. Constance Petersen  is a psychoanalyst at Green Manors, a mental hospital in Vermont, and is perceived by the other  doctors as detached and emotionless. The director of the hospital, Dr. Murchison , is being forced into retirement, shortly after returning from an absence due to nervous exhaustion. His replacement is the much younger Dr. Anthony Edwardes . Dr. Petersen notices that there is something strange about Dr. Edwardes. He has a peculiar phobia about seeing sets of parallel lines against a white background, first displayed in an inappropriate reaction to seeing a diagram drawn with the tines of a fork on a tablecloth. Dr. Petersen soon realizes, by comparing handwriting, that this man is an impostor and not the real Dr. Edwardes. He confides to her that he killed Dr. Edwardes and took his place. He suffers from massive amnesia and does not know who he is. Dr. Petersen believes that he is innocent and suffering from a Guilt Complex. 'Dr. Edwardes' disappears during the night, having left a note for Dr. Petersen that he is going to the Empire State Hotel in New York City. It becomes public knowledge that 'Dr. Edwardes' is an impostor, and that the real Dr. Edwardes is missing and may have been murdered. Dr. Petersen goes to the Empire State Hotel, knowing that the police are in pursuit. She needs to use her psychoanalytic skills to unlock his amnesia and find out what had really happened. One of Hitchcock's characteristic innocent-person-pursued-by-the-police evasions ensues, as Dr. Petersen and the impostor  travel by train to Rochester, to meet Dr. Brulov , who had been Dr. Petersen's teacher and mentor. The two doctors analyze a dream that 'John Brown' had. The dream sequence  is full of psychoanalytic symbols&mdash;eyes, curtains, scissors, playing cards , a man with no face, a man falling off a building, a man hiding behind a chimney dropping a wheel, and wings. They deduce that Brown and Edwardes had been on a ski trip together  and that Edwardes had somehow died there. Dr. Petersen and Brown go to the Gabriel Valley ski resort  to reenact the event and unlock his repressed memories. Near the bottom of the hill, Brown's memory suddenly returns. He recalls that there is a precipice in front of them, over which Edwardes had fallen to his death. He stops them just in time. He also remembers a traumatic event from his childhood&mdash;he slid down a hand rail and accidentally knocked his brother onto sharp pointed railings, killing him. This incident had caused him to develop amnesia and a generalized guilt complex. He also remembers that his real name is John Ballantyne. All is understood now, and Ballantyne is about to be exonerated, when it is discovered that Edwardes had a bullet in his body. Ballantyne is convicted of murder and sent to prison. A heartbroken Dr. Petersen returns to her position at the hospital, where Dr. Murchison is once again the director. After reconsidering her notes from the dream, she realizes that the 'wheel' was a revolver and that the man hiding behind the chimney and dropping the wheel was Dr. Murchison hiding behind a tree, shooting Dr. Edwardes and dropping the gun. She confronts Murchison with this and he confesses, but says that he didn't drop the gun; he still has it. He pulls it out of his desk and threatens to shoot her. She walks away, the gun still pointed at her, and explains that while the first murder carried extenuating circumstances of his own mental state, murdering her as well surely would result in the electric chair. He allows her to leave and turns the gun on himself. Dr. Petersen is then reunited with Ballantyne."] ['Dr. Bernhardt tries to become better acquainted with the passengers of Allied nationalities who have boarded a train, they all rebuff his overtures because he is a German. When he retires to his compartment, he is killed by a bomb. While the others are questioned at the next stop, Frankfurt, they learn that the dead man was actually one of the doctor\'s bodyguards. Bernhardt had been posing as another passenger, and Lucienne is his secretary. Bernhardt\'s enemies are not foiled for long. He is kidnapped from the busy train station in broad daylight after he greets Walther, an old, trusted friend. The U.S. Army quickly institutes a search of the city, but when Lucienne begs her fellow travelers to help look for Bernhardt , they at first all decline. One by one, however, they change their minds. Lucienne suggests they go see Walther, unaware that he has betrayed Bernhardt in return for his missing wife\'s location. When they get there, they discover only Walther\'s body. He hanged himself after the kidnappers revealed his wife has been dead all along. The group then splits up to cover the city, with Lindley accompanying Lucienne to various illegal nightclubs. At the last one, Lindley notices a woman smoking an unusually long cigarette, just like the ones Bernhardt likes. He picks up a discarded butt and shows Lucienne that it has a "B" monogram on it. When the woman turns out to be an entertainer, pretending to know the answers of questions posed by the customers, Lindley asks her where Bernhardt is. Her clown assistant impedes Lindley, allowing her to get away. When Lindley and Lucienne question Sergeant Barnes, the American soldier who was sitting with the woman beforehand, he reluctantly agrees to lead them to where she lives. It is a trap, however. When they get to an abandoned brewery, Barnes turns out to be working with the kidnappers. Now all three are prisoners. Fortunately, an undercover agent had knocked out the clown and taken his place, accompanying the others to the hideout. He is shot when the real clown shows up, but manages to get back to the nightclub and inform the authorities where Bernhardt is being held. American soldiers break in just as Bernhardt and Lucienne are about to be shot, and free the three unharmed. Kessler, the ringleader, is killed by Perrot, who turns out to be Bernhardt\'s would-be assassin. The passengers reboard the train. Perrot suggests that each of them take a turn guarding Bernhardt in his compartment, with him going first. Afterward, Lindley pieces together various lies Perrot had told and recalls that he knew that the bomb was made from a grenade, but the others dismiss his suspicions. Luckily, he sees Perrot strangling Bernhardt in the reflection from a passing train and saves the doctor\'s life. Perrot is shot dead as he tries to flee.'] ["Joe Baron is a cop with financial troubles because of his wife Lisa's constant spending. One day, a burglar is reported shot at the home of a doctor. But upon investigating, Baron gets to know the dead burglar's alcoholic wife, Rosalie, and becomes aware that the doctor, Horace Van Tilden, is the head of an illegal drug syndicate. Baron begins a romantic affair with Rosalie. He and his partner, Pete Delanos, both tired of being broke, conspire to rob Van Tilden's safe. The doctor, meantime, is anxious about Rosalie knowing his business and pushes her to her death. While stealing a million dollars in cash and two bags of heroin from the safe, the cops are surprised by Van Tilden during the robbery and Delanos is shot. Baron makes a deal with the doctor that he will give back some of the drugs and loot if Van Tilden will agree to treat the seriously wounded Delanos. But after his partner dies, Baron kills the doctor. Wounded himself, he makes it home to Lisa, but knows that fellow officers from the department are on their way to put him behind bars."] ['In the opening scene, John Hay Forrest , noted scientist and cheesemaker, dies in a single-vehicle car accident (represented by the car wreck scene from [[Keeper of the Flame . In the next scene, private investigator Rigby Reardon  is reading a newspaper when Forrest\'s daughter, Juliet , enters his office and faints when the paper\'s headline reminds her of her father\'s death. Upon coming to, she hires Rigby to investigate the death, which she thinks was murder. In Dr. Forrest\'s lab, Rigby finds two lists, one titled "Friends of Carlotta" and the other "Enemies of Carlotta", as well as an affectionately autographed photo of singer Kitty Collins, whose name appears on one of the lists. His search is interrupted by a man posing as an exterminator , who shoots Rigby in the arm and frisks the lists from the supposedly dead investigator. Rigby manages to find his way to Juliet\'s house, where she sucks out the bullet, snakebite-style, and points Rigby to the club at which Kitty sings. Juliet also reveals a note to her father from her alcoholic brother-in-law, Sam Hastings, which in turn reveals that Dr. Forrest gave him a dollar bill "for safekeeping". Despite warnings that the mentally disturbed Leona will not be of much use, Rigby calls Leona, who after a rambling discussion, hangs up . On the way out, Juliet asks Rigby to leave further news with her butler or cleaning woman. Mention of the latter causes Rigby to go berserk , due to his own father running off with the cleaning woman and his mother dying of a broken heart. Rigby tracks down alcoholic Sam (Ray Milland, from [[The Lost Weekend  and gets Dr. Forrest\'s dollar, which has "FOC"  names scrawled on it — including Kitty Collins and Swede Anderson . Rigby tracks down Kitty Collins (Ava Gardner, from [[The Killers  at the Brentwood Room. He asks if she\'s one of Carlotta\'s friends, which causes her to leave abruptly. He trails her to a restaurant, where she ditches her brooch into her soup. Rigby subsequently retrieves the brooch, which contains an "EOC" list, on which all names are crossed out, except Swede Anderson\'s. Rigby visits Swede  but while Rigby prepares a "java", Swede is killed. Rigby is also shot, causing Juliet to suck out another bullet. Rigby calls Marlowe (Humphrey Bogart, from [[The Big Sleep , his mentor, for assistance. Juliet hands over a key from Dr. Forrest\'s desk, a key to a train station locker. The accompanying note, "most recent rat", tells Rigby to look for locker 1936, the last Chinese Year of the Rat. Rigby and the Field Marshal compete about the right to explain what happened. It turns out that Dr. Forrest had been tricked into divulging a secret cheese mold by Nazis posing as a humanitarian organization. Once he discovered their true intent, to use the mold\'s corrosive properties to destroy America and make a comeback, he assembled a list of Nazi agents, the "Friends of Carlotta". Before he could divulge the names to the FBI, he was abducted and his death faked to prevent a police investigation. The Immer Essen, a cruise ship passing by, witnessed the corrosive effects of the mold tests, making all passengers "Enemies of Carlotta" and targets for murder. Rigby is captured but Juliet gets the Field Marshal to say "cleaning woman", causing Rigby to go berserk, break his chains and overpower the Nazis. While Juliet gets Rodriguez, the Field Marshal manages to pull one of the switches, destroying Terre Haute, Indiana, before being shot dead by Rigby. Rodriguez rounds up the other Nazis while Rigby shares a long kiss with Juliet.'] ["Ann Hamilton  is a middle-aged bride who begins to suspect that her charming husband Alan Garroway  plans to murder her. Nor can she ignore the shadow of her brother-in-law Michael Garroway , whom she's never met but has been told so much about."] ['Suffering from the skin disease psoriasis and crippling psoriatic arthritis, detective novelist Dan Dark is in such pain in a hospital that he begins to delve into fantasy, resulting in several storylines told simultaneously: # A film noir based on Dark\'s novel, The Singing Detective, in which a nightclub singer/private eye, hired by Mark Binney, takes on a strange case involving prostitutes and two mysterious men. Nothing is ever solved from this, only a vague plot. Notably, all of the people in the film noir are played by people who are real people in Dark\'s life; for example, Dark\'s nurse plays a singer. # The present reality, in which Dark is tormented by incredible pain. Dark interacts with the various people around him, as the doctors and nurses attempt to help, but are dismissed by Dark\'s anger and bitterness towards everyone. The reality, however, also collapses into hallucinations, as the people randomly sing choreographed musical numbers, such as "How Much Is That Doggie In The Window?" In the end, his reality is blended with the film noir and he is abducted by the two mysterious men, only to be shot by the titular "singing detective". # Dark\'s traumatic childhood in the past, which explains Dark\'s repulsion toward sexuality , and his own fiery temper.'] ["Carole Raymond  is a film star whose best years are behind her so she decides to buy in a real estate plan with Jeff Caldwell , who's really running a illegitimate matrimonial service."] ['The film begins, as it ends, with narration by Nettie . On Christmas Eve, down-on-his-luck Nick Bianco , an ex-convict, and his three cohorts rob a jewelry store located on an upper floor of a New York skyscraper. Before they can exit the building, however, the proprietor sets off his alarm. While attempting to escape, Nick assaults a policeman, but is wounded in the leg and arrested. Assistant District Attorney Louis D\'Angelo  tries to persuade Nick to name his accomplices in exchange for a light sentence. Confident that his lawyer, Earl Howser , and cohorts will look after his wife and two young daughters while he is incarcerated, Nick refuses and is given a twenty-year sentence. Three years later, at Sing Sing Prison, Nick learns that his wife has committed suicide, and his daughters have been sent to an orphanage. He later finds her obituary in the newspaper and learns his wife had been worried over financial issues prior to her death. Nick is visited in prison by Nettie Cavallo , a young woman who used to babysit his girls. Nettie reluctantly tells Nick that his wife had an affair with Pete Rizzo, one of his accomplices. Nick decides to tell all to D\'Angelo; but because so much time has elapsed, D\'Angelo cannot use Nick\'s information to reduce his sentence, but makes a deal that if Nick helps the police on another case, he will be paroled. D\'Angelo questions Nick about one of his previous, unsolved robberies, which he pulled off with Rizzo. Nick implies to Howser that Rizzo "squealed" on him.  Howser, who also acts as a go-between to a fence for his clients, tells Tommy Udo , a psychopathic killer, about Rizzo\'s "squealing." When Udo shows up at Rizzo\'s tenement, only Rizzo\'s mother  is present and tells him that her son was out but would return that evening. Udo examines the apartment and determines that Rizzo has probably left town. Angered with her attempt to deceive him, Udo binds Mrs. Rizzo to her wheelchair with an electrical cord and pushes her down a flight of stairs, killing her. Soon after, Nick is freed on parole at D\'Angelo\'s behest, and visits Nettie, pledging his love to her. But in order to remain out on parole, Nick must continue his work with D\'Angelo, and arranges a "chance" meeting with Udo, with whom he served time at Sing Sing. The unsuspecting Udo takes Nick to various clubs, including one at which narcotics are being smoked, and Udo reveals enough information to Nick about a murder he committed to enable the police to arrest him. Nick reports back to D\'Angelo, who is satisfied that he has enough to indict Udo for the past murder. D\'Angelo then releases Nick, who is relieved and looks forward to starting a new life with Nettie and his daughters. When Udo later comes up for trial, Nick, who is now married to Nettie and living in Astoria, Queens, is reluctant to testify against him, but realizes he must in order to maintain his parole. Despite Nick\'s testimony and other evidence, Udo is acquitted based on a technicality involving key evidence. Certain that Udo will seek revenge, and convinced the police will not be able to protect him and his family, Nick sends Nettie and the children to the country. While at home late one night, Nick is startled when D\'Angelo shows up at the front door. He tries persuading Nick to submit to protective custody, but Nick punches D\'Angelo in the jaw  and goes off to deal with Udo on his own. Nick searches unsuccessfully for Udo at his favorite haunts, but finally finds him at Luigi\'s restaurant in East Harlem. The two men confront each other, but Udo tells him that as far as he\'s concerned they are still "pals". Nick is unconvinced, especially after Udo delivers a thinly-veiled threat against Nettie and his children. Nick warns Udo to stay away from his family, telling him that this matter is strictly between the two of them. Udo orders the restaurant owner to prepare Nick the specialty of the house , and walks out. Before long, Nick sees Udo\'s sedan parked out front, and knows that as soon as he steps out the front door, Udo will ambush him. Before confronting Udo, Nick had instructed D\'Angelo by telephone to go to a police station near the restaurant and await his call; he now summons D\'Angelo to come in exactly two minutes to the restaurant, where Nick will provide sufficient evidence to put Udo away. Nick leaves his gun with the cashier and walks outside. One of Udo\'s henchmen draws a pistol and prepares to shoot Nick at point-blank range, but Nick provokes Udo into shooting him, knowing that he will now be incarcerated for life as a "three time loser." Udo shoots Nick, but is quickly surrounded by police. Udo attempts an escape on foot, but is gunned down in the street. He survives, but will likely spend the remainder of his life in prison. Though badly wounded, Nick survives, and he and Nettie look forward to a happy, peaceful life together.'] ['In a story told in a series of flashbacks, singer Marian Washburn  loses her voice. Aided by her piano player, Luke Jordan , they promote a young singer Susan Caldwell . When Susan decides to quit the business, she is shot and seriously wounded. Marian is charged.'] ["Art critic and forgery expert George Steele  is stopped by a policeman as he tries to break into the Manhattan Museum. He claims that he was in a train wreck. Police Lieutenant Cochrane , however, finds that there has been no recent wreck. Steele, unsure himself what happened, relates the bizarre events leading up to the present. A flashback ensues. Museum director Barton  reprimands staff member Steele over the style of his public lecture and is annoyed that he wants to demonstrate a forgery detection method by X-raying a masterpiece that was recently exhibited. Afterward, while having a drink with girlfriend and magazine writer Terry Cordell , Steele receives an urgent telephone call informing him that his mother has been taken to the hospital. He rushes to Grand Central Station and catches the last train. About forty minutes later, Steele watches helplessly as another train crashes head on with his. Cochrane reveals that Steele's mother was never taken to the hospital. Anxious to avoid a scandal, Barton pleads with Cochrane not to arrest the man. Stevenson, the curator, and Dr. Lowell ([[Ray Collins , a member of the museum's board of directors, vouch for Steele's character. In private, Traybin , a British art expert investigating the suspicious loss of a Gainsborough painting, tells the lieutenant he wants him freed , as he is uncertain if Steele is involved. Steele sets out the reenact the train ride, hoping to gain some clue of what is going on. He finds out that a drunk was taken off at the next station by two men. He informs Stevenson of his discovery. Steele begins to suspect that the Gainsborough supposedly lost at sea was actually a fake. Later, Stevenson calls Steele to tell him he has discovered something important and to meet him at the museum that night. When he arrives, however, he finds Stevenson dead. Spotted standing over the body by an employee, Steele flees. Although both Traybin and Cordell plead with him to turn himself in, Steele is determined to exonerate himself. When he learns that the shipment of another masterpiece, Durer's Adoration of the Kings , has unexpectedly been moved up several weeks, he sneaks aboard the ship. Finding a fire burning in the hold, he removes the painting from its crate, only to discover he has been locked in. Fortunately, the ship's crew arrive to put out the fire. Steele escapes from Cochrane by shimmying down the anchor chain. He gets Mary, a young museum secretary, to get her friend to let him into a building with an X-ray machine. There, he confirms that the work is a fake. However, as he, Cordell and Mary are leaving, he is knocked out and Mary pulls a gun on Cordell. When Steele awakens, he finally meets the mastermind behind all his troubles: Dr. Lowell, who explains that, as a frustrated art lover, he could never own such fabulous works legitimately. Lowell uses a drug on Steele to disprove Cordell's story that he telephoned the police.  Lowell and Mary wait for a passing scheduled train to mask the sound of gunshots, but Traybin and the police intervene, and Lowell is shot just in time."] 