['Soon after the Great War, Major Foster , the commander of a detachment of the French Foreign Legion, suffers the haunting memories of leading an army of 8,000, now reduced to 200. He became an alcoholic as a result, and his only friend is his faithful Sergeant, Triand . Foster arrives in Paris to assume a new command: to return to the Rif  to re-establish French authority, as Bedouin and Berber tribes have begun to revolt against French rule. Foster is also ordered to escort archeologists from the Louvre, who are uncovering an ancient city near Erfoud buried by a sand storm 3,000 years ago. The site is the final resting place of a Berber saint, "The Angel of the Desert". Foster was chosen for the assignment, as he is the only French officer alive who served in Morocco before the war. He had helped to develop diplomatic ties with the tribes, especially with El Krim, the de facto leader of the scattered Rif tribes. Foster had vowed to El Krim that there would be no further archeological excavations. Foster’s force is assembled. Among those who volunteer, willingly or unwillingly, is "the Gypsy" Marco Segrain , a charming jewel thief famous for a three-year crime spree on the Riviera until French authorities managed to apprehend him. Gypsy befriends three other recruits: the Russian giant Ivan , formerly a member of the elite bodyguard of the deposed Russian Imperial family; “Top Hat” Gilbert Francis , a fashionable man and musician who lacks the physical traits needed in a soldier; and Fredrick Hastings , a romantic young English aristocrat who missed the Great War. The four friends are soon disillusioned by the harsh realities of life in the Legion. A fatal fight breaks out among the men while traveling to Morocco over a homophobic insult to Maj. Foster\'s honor, to which Sgt. Triand takes exception. Foster does not hesitate to harshly discipline his men, especially Marco, who frequently disobeys orders, though he does care for his men. During the voyage, Marco charms Mme. Picard , daughter of a murdered archaeologist. During their land journey to the Legion fortress, the train carrying the Legionnaires and the archaeological team is stopped by El Krim  and his men. El Krim greets his old friend Foster but also declares that he is determined to unite the Berber tribes to drive the French out of Morocco. El Krim gives a "gift" to Foster to take back to the Premier of France: the archeologists of an earlier dig, who have been blinded and whose tongues have been cut out. He warns Foster not continue the excavation. Training in the desert is so harsh, it pushes Top Hat to the point of suicide. Later, at the digging site, Hastings is kidnapped while on guard duty and tortured to death by one of El Krim’s men, whom El Krim excuses as being merely over-zealous. Marco retaliates. Instead of disciplining him, Foster merely defends him, using El Krim’s previous excuse for the actions of his own man. Eventually, the tomb of the Angel of the Desert is found, and her golden sarcophagus is excavated. Foster offers it to El Krim as a token of peace, but El Krim rallies the warriors of all Bedouin tribes to fight a climactic battle. With the Legionnaires being heavily outnumbered, the digging site is eventually overrun. Ivan is killed, but Marco fights on, single-handedly fending off a flank attack. When Foster is killed, El Krim immediately calls off the fight, sending the surviving Legionnaires “to tell the world what happened” and out of respect for his dead friend. There are two endings: the TV version ends with Marco taking up Mme Picard\'s offer to desert. The theatrical ending shows Marco  staying behind and training more Legionnaire recruits, welcoming them by reiterating Foster\'s warning: "If the desert doesn\'t get you, the Arabs will. If the Arabs don\'t get you, the Legion will. And if the Legion doesn\'t, then I will. I don\'t know which is worse."'] ["Alain Lefevre  is a French boxer in 1920's Marseille, France. Alain is forced by local crime boss Lucien Galgani ([[Jim Carter  to take a dive in a fight. Galgani's girlfriend Katrina  is also Alain's ex-fiancée whom he left standing at the altar. But Katrina forgives Alain, and the two hatch a plan to run off to America together. Alain does not take a dive in the fight, but just as the escape plan is about to succeed, Alain's friend gets killed, and Katrina is captured by Galgani's men. But Alain has shot and killed Galgani's brother. Desperately needing a new escape plan, Alain signs up for the French Foreign Legion, and is shipped to North Africa to help defend Morocco against a native Berber rebellion of Rif warriors, led by Abd el-Krim. Along the way, Alain meets some new friends, including Luther, an African American who has fled injustice in the States, Mackintosh, a former British Army Major with a gambling problem, and Guido, a naive Italian boy who wishes to impress his girl back home by returning as a hero. But things will not be easy. The only real way to escape from the Legion is to survive the term of service, and the rebels have them outnumbered. Galgani has sent his hired thugs into the Legion as well, to find Alain and get revenge for the death of Galgani's brother. In the end, only Alain stands up alive after the battle and Abd el-Krim seeing Alain's courage and determination allows him to live and tells him to inform his superiors what's waiting for them if they continue the colonization. Finally the movie ends with Alain's memory of Katrina and his former friends."] ["Victor  has taken the blame for his younger brother's crime and joins the French Foreign Legion to escape his past, taking with him his valet, Rake . His commander is the ruthless Major Doyle , who becomes jealous when Cigarette , a cafe singer, sets her sights on Victor. He, however, is more interested in a refined Englishwoman, Lady Venetia , and he eventually dumps Cigarette for her. Then, Doyle sends Victor off on a suicidal mission to get rid of his rival."] ["Spoofing the classic Beau Geste and a number of other desert motion pictures, the film's plotline revolves around the heroic Beau Geste and his brother Digby's misadventures in the French Foreign legion out in the Sahara Desert, and the disappearance of the family sapphire, sought after by their money-hungry stepmother.  The cast features Ann-Margret as the brothers' adoptive mother, Peter Ustinov as the brutal Sergeant Markov and Sinéad Cusack as sister Isabel Geste, with Spike Milligan , Burt Kwouk , James Earl Jones , Avery Schreiber , Terry-Thomas , Trevor Howard , Henry Gibson , Roy Kinnear  and Ed McMahon  in supporting roles. The film was shot on location in Madrid, Spain and in Ireland at Ardmore Studios in Bray and on location at Kilmainham Gaol in Dublin and Adare Manor near Limerick."] ["Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy join the French Foreign Legion after Ollie's sweetheart Jeanie-Weenie  rejects him, as it is the only place where Ollie can forget her. When they arrive at the barracks in Algeria, they discover that not only are the other soldiers trying to forget lost loves, their lost loves all happen to be the one and the same woman Ollie is trying to forget: Jeanie-Weenie! On an expedition to Ft. Arid, a fortress besieged by native Riffian tribesmen, the duo get cut off from the rest of the regiment in a sandstorm and reach the fortress before the others. Surprisingly, the boys defeat the Riffians by themselves and the leader of the Riffians is revealed as another one of Jeanie-Weenie's conquests. The French Foreign Legion scenario was remade as The Flying Deuces."] ['A column of the French Foreign Legion arrives at the remote Fort Zinderneuf, having been assigned to relieve the legionnaires who had been defending the fort. Upon their arrival, they find that the fort has been ravaged by Tuareg attacks and American Beau Graves  is the only survivor. After his badly injured arm is amputated, he is asked what has happened and his story is revealed in flashback. Beau\'s column had been serving under Lieutenant De Ruse  and Sergeant Major Dagineau , the latter of whom is notorious for his harsh treatment of the men under his command. He is especially tortuous on Beau\'s class of recruits, hoping this will get them to reveal to him which of the men is the author of an anonymous letter Dagineau has received threatening his life. Although he has no proof, he suspects Beau, which earns Beau particularly brutal treatment. Beau\'s background leads De Ruse to nickname him Beau "Geste". Specifically, Beau had run away and joined the Legion after having falsely confessed to an embezzlement actually committed by his business partner. Beau had taken the blame for the sake of his partner\'s wife, whom Beau also loved. His noble gesture  had proven futile, however, as the partner confessed and committed suicide just a few months later. That development prompts the suggestion that Beau might reclaim his lost love upon returning home. But he deems it unfair to ask her to wait for him, as he is now committed to a five-year enlistment, with no guarantee he\'ll survive it. De Ruse and his men are assigned to relieve Fort Zinderneuf, but on the way there, De Ruse is mortally wounded and is infirmed upon the group\'s arrival. With Dagineau back in charge, the brutality returns and it isn\'t long before the legionnaires mutiny, with everyone except Beau and his brother John  set upon executing the sergeant. Just as they are about to do so, the Tuareg attack. Despite their personal hatred for Dagineau, no one doubts his excellence as a battle commander, so Beau convinces the men to release him that he may lead them in defending the fort. As legionnaires are killed in relentless waves of Tuareg attacks, Dagineau props up the bodies of the dead men on the fort\'s ramparts with their rifles pointing at their attackers. Between attacks, De Ruse speaks privately with Beau and confesses to being the author of the letter. He had hoped to frighten Dagineau into showing more humanity toward his troops. As he dies, De Ruse laments that in fact, it only caused Dagineau to treat the men even more harshly. The legionnaires try to hold out against the attacks, with Dagineau confidently proclaiming that relief is on the way to them. But eventually, the only ones left alive are Dagineau and Beau, who has a seriously wounded arm. When the predicted relief column arrives, Dagineau delays their entry so he can settle things with Beau once and for all. He tells Beau that the Legion is need of heroes, and that all of the dead men around them can be presented as those heroes, so long as no one ever knows that they had mutinied. Therefore, he cannot leave Beau alive to reveal the truth of what had occurred at Fort Zinderneuf. Beau and Dagineau fight, with Beau finally gaining the upper hand and shooting and killing Dagineau. Beau\'s flashback ends to reveal that he has not actually been relating this story to the relief commander who had questioned him about what happened at the fort. Still awaiting Beau\'s response, the commander repeats his query, and Beau tells him only that the men laid down their lives protecting the fort. With no mention of Dagineau\'s brutality, nor of the mutiny, Beau presents the entire group as heroes &mdash; just as Dagineau had wanted. The commander informs Beau that the Legion\'s high command has decided that Fort Zinderneuf is no longer worth protecting and they will now abandon it. Having lost his arm, Beau will be discharged, and the commander offers his hope that Beau has someone to whom to return. Beau smiles pensively and replies that he indeed does.'] ['While on holiday in Paris, Ollie falls in love with the beautiful daughter of an innkeeper. When he discovers that she is married, he is heartbroken to the point of committing suicide. Just as he about to leap into a river , an officer from the Foreign Legion convinces the duo to enlist. They do so, and end up wreaking havoc in training camp. After being arrested for desertion, they manage to escape by stealing an airplane, which ultimately crashes. Sadly, Ollie dies in the crash but is reincarnated as a horse, which pleases Stan.'] ['Back in France, master sergeant Galoup  remembers the time in the desert, where he led his men under the command of Bruno Forestier . His life had routine duties, such as supervising the physical exercise of his men. One day, his troop is joined by Gilles Sentain , whose physical beauty, social skills, and fortitude make Galoup envious. Repressed homosexual feelings of Galoup are suggested. When Sentain helps another soldier, violating previous orders by Galoup, the sergeant sees a chance to destroy him. As a punishment, he drives Sentain out into the desert to make him walk back to the base. But Sentain does not return because Galoup has tampered with his compass, and the soldier is lost without it. Even though Sentain is later found and rescued by a group of Djiboutis, Galoup is sent back to France by his commander for a court martial. It ends his career in the Foreign Legion. The final scene, a metaphoric dance, suggests his suicide.'] ['The plot concerns a valuable gem, which one of the Geste brothers, Beau, is thought to have stolen from his adoptive family.'] ['The absent spendthrift Sir Hector Brandon notifies his wife Lady Brandon  that he intends to sell a valuable sapphire called the "Blue Water". The three orphan Geste brothers, "Beau" , Digby ([[Robert Preston  and John , had been raised by Lady Brandon since childhood, along with her ward Isobel Rivers . At Beau\'s request, the gem is brought out for one last look when suddenly the lights go out and the jewel disappears. All present proclaim their innocence, but first Beau and then Digby depart without warning, each leaving a confession that he committed the robbery. John reluctantly parts from his beloved Isobel and goes after his brothers. John discovers they have joined the French Foreign Legion, so he enlists as well. They are trained by the sadistic Sergeant Markoff . Markoff finds out about the theft from his informant Rasinoff , who overhears joking remarks by the Geste brothers. Rasinoff convinces Markoff that Beau is hiding the gem. Markoff arranges to split up the brothers. Beau and John are part of a detachment sent to man isolated Fort Zinderneuf. When Lieutenant Martin dies from a fever, Markoff assumes command. Fearing the sergeant\'s now-unchecked brutality, Schwartz  incites the other men to mutiny the next morning; only Beau, John, and Maris  refuse to take part. However, Markoff is tipped off by Voison  and disarms the men while they are sleeping. The next morning, Markoff orders Beau and John to execute the ringleaders, but they refuse. Before Markoff can do anything, the fort is attacked by Tuaregs. The initial assault is beaten off, but after each new attack, there are fewer defenders. Markoff props up the corpses at their posts to make it look as if there are still plenty of soldiers left. The final attack is repulsed, but Beau is shot, leaving Markoff and John the only men left standing. Markoff sends John to get bread and wine. He searches Beau\'s body and finds a small pouch and two letters. When John sees what Markoff has done, he draws his bayonet, giving Markoff the perfect excuse to shoot the only witness to his theft. However, Beau is not yet dead and manages to spoil Markoff\'s aim, allowing John to stab him. John and Beau hear a bugle announcing the arrival of reinforcements, Digby among them. Beau expires in his brother\'s arms after telling him to take one of the letters to Lady Brandon and leave the other, a confession of the robbery, in Markoff\'s hands. John sneaks away unseen. Digby volunteers to find out why there is no response from the fort. He discovers Beau\'s body and, remembering his oft-expressed wish, gives him a Viking funeral. He places Beau on a cot, with a dog  at his feet, and sets fire to the barracks. Then he too deserts. He finds John. Later, two American friends  desert, and together, they begin the long journey home. Desperate for water, they find an oasis, but it is occupied by a large band of natives. Digby tricks them into fleeing by playing a bugle to signal a charge by non-existent Legionnaires, but he is killed by a parting shot. John returns home. Lady Brandon reads Beau\'s letter, which reveals that Beau stole the gem because he knew it was a fake. Lady Brandon had sold the real one years before, and Beau wanted to protect her. As a child, he was hiding in a suit of armor and witnessed the transaction .'] 