["James Cole  is a convicted criminal living in a grim post-apocalyptic future. In 1996–97, the Earth's surface was contaminated by a virus so deadly that it forced the surviving population to live underground. At some point in the years that followed, scientists have engineered an imprecise form of time travel. To earn a pardon, Cole allows scientists to send him on dangerous missions to the past to collect information on the virus, thought to be released by a terrorist organization known as the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. If possible, he is to obtain a pure sample of the original virus so a cure can be made. Throughout the film, Cole is troubled with recurring dreams involving a chase and a shooting in an airport. On Cole's first trip, he arrives in Baltimore in 1990, not 1996 as planned. He is arrested and hospitalized in a mental institution on the diagnosis of Dr. Kathryn Railly . There, he encounters Jeffrey Goines , a fellow mental patient with fanatical animal rights and anti-consumerist leanings. Cole tries unsuccessfully to leave a voicemail on a number monitored by the scientists in the future. After a failed escape attempt, Cole is restrained and locked in a cell, but then disappears, returning to the future. Back in his own time, Cole is interviewed by the scientists, who play a distorted voice mail message which gives the location of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys and states that they are responsible for the virus. He is also shown photos of numerous people suspected of being involved with the virus, including Goines. The scientists then send him back to 1996. Cole kidnaps Railly and sets out in search of Goines, learning that he is the founder of the Army of the Twelve Monkeys. When confronted, however, Goines denies any involvement with the virus and suggests that wiping out humanity was Cole's idea, originally broached at the asylum in 1990. Cole vanishes again as the police approach. After Cole disappears, Railly begins to doubt her diagnosis of Cole when she finds evidence that he is telling the truth, including a photograph from World War I in which Cole appears. Cole, on the other hand, convinces himself that his future experiences are hallucinations, and persuades the scientists to send him back again. Railly attempts to settle the question of Cole's sanity by leaving a voice mail on the number he provided, creating the message the scientists played prior to his second mission. They both now realize that the coming plague is real, and make plans to enjoy the time they have left. On their way to the airport, they learn that the Army of the Twelve Monkeys is a red herring; all the Army has done is delay traffic by releasing all the animals in the zoo. At the airport, Cole leaves a last message telling the scientists they are on the wrong track following the Army of the Twelve Monkeys, and that he will not return. He is soon confronted by Jose , an acquaintance from his own time, who gives Cole a handgun and instructions to complete his mission. At the same time, Railly spots the true culprit behind the virus: Dr. Peters ([[David Morse , an assistant at the virology lab run by Jeffrey's father. Peters is about to embark on a tour of several cities around the world, which matches the sequence  of viral outbreaks. After forcing his way through the security checkpoint in pursuit of Peters, Cole is fatally shot by police. As Cole dies in Railly's arms, she makes eye contact with a small boy: the young James Cole witnessing the scene of his own death, which will replay in his dreams for years to come. Dr. Peters, aboard the plane with the virus, sits down next to Jones , one of the lead scientists from the future."] ['Two cops, R and Noma, hunt down renegade cyborgs. The cyborgs serve a number of duties, ranging from military commandos to "dolls", engineered for companionship. They have a limited 3 year lifespan, although black market technology has been developed to transfer a cyborg\'s artificial intelligence into the brain of a human host. This breakthrough compels R into finding Cyon, an orphaned prostitute, who may serve as the host for the mind of his doll Ria. He has fallen deeply in love with his doll and she has only a few days left to live. Eventually, R must make a decision between leaving the colony with Ria and spend her last days with him on a paradise-like planet or save his friends when a renegade combat cyborg takes over the police headquarters.'] ['Lemmy Caution is a secret agent with the code number of 003 from "the Outlands". Entering Alphaville in his Ford Mustang,{{cite book}} called a Ford Galaxie,{{cite book|titleGilberto|last358|publisher2000|isbn&nbsp;mc²]] and [[Planck postulate|E "Darke_1">{{Harv|Darke|2005|pAlphaville  was originally known as Leonard Nosferatu , but Caution is repeatedly told that Nosferatu no longer exists. The Professor himself talks infrequently, referring only vaguely to his hatred for journalists, and offering Caution the chance to join Alphaville, even going so far as to offer him the opportunity to rule a galaxy. When he refuses Caution\'s enticement to go back to "the outlands", Caution kills him with a pistol shot. Alpha 60 converses with Lemmy Caution several times throughout the film, and its voice is seemingly ever-present in the city, serving as a sort of narrator. Caution eventually destroys or incapacitates it by telling it a riddle that involves something Alpha 60 can not comprehend: poetry . The concept of the individual self has been lost to the collectivized citizens of Alphaville, and this is the key to Caution\'s riddle. At the end, as Paul Misraki\'s musical score reaches its crescendo, Natacha realizes that it is her understanding of herself as an individual with desires that saves her, and destroys Alpha 60. The film ends with her line, "Je vous aime" .'] ['In 2084, Douglas Quaid  is a construction worker on Earth, who is having troubling dreams about Mars and a mysterious woman there. His wife Lori  is dismissive, pointing out how life on Earth is perfect compared to the ongoing conflicts between rival factions on colonized Mars, in part due to actions by the governor of Mars, Vilos Cohaagen , with rumors that an alien artifact has been located in the mines on the planet. Despite warnings from his co-workers, Quaid visits "Rekall", a company that uses memory implants to give its clients experiences of fabulous vacations. Quaid opts for a trip to Mars  including an optional espionage facet. As he is put under but before the technicians can implant the memories, Quaid violently reacts, claiming they have blown his cover. The company re-sedates him, wipes his memory of the visit to Rekall, and sends him home in an automated taxi. Waking up at home, Quaid is soon cornered and attacked by his coworkers, forcing him to kill them to escape. Lori also turns against Quaid, claiming that their marriage is a fake created by memory implants. Quaid leaves her and escapes into the city before armed thugs arrive, led by Richter , Lori\'s real husband and Cohaagen\'s subordinate. Quaid is contacted by an unknown man that warns him he is being tracked, and leaves him with a suitcase. Quaid takes refuge in an abandoned building and investigates the suitcase, which contains money, gadgets, and a video. The video is of himself, apparently called "Hauser"; Hauser explains that he used to work for Cohaagen but has learned something about the artifact, and underwent the memory wipe to protect himself. The video instructs Quaid on removing the tracking device, and then to get himself to Mars and meet "Kuato". Quaid makes his way to Mars and follows clues left by Hauser to a bar in Venusville, the colony\'s red light district populated by a number of people who are mutants due to poor shielding from radiation. There, he meets Melina , the woman from his dreams and Hauser\'s former lover. She refuses to have anything to do with him, believing that Quaid is still working for Cohaagen. Returning to his pad, Quaid encounters Lori and Rekall\'s President, Dr. Edgemar. Edgemar insists Quaid is living out the implanted memories, and offers Quaid a pill that would wake him from the dream. Quaid is about to take the pill when he sees Edgemar sweating in fear, and kills him instead. Richter\'s forces capture Quaid, but Melina arrives to rescue him, with Quaid killing Lori in the process. The two race back to the Venusville bar, and with Benny, their taxi driver, escape into tunnels hidden behind the bar. Unable to locate Quaid, Cohaagen isolates and shuts down the ventilation to Venusville, slowly suffocating its citizens. Quaid, Melina, and Benny are taken to a resistance base, and Quaid is introduced to Kuato, a deformed humanoid conjoined to his brother\'s stomach. Kuato reads Quaid\'s mind and learns that the artifact is a reactor that, once activated, will create a breathable atmosphere for Mars. Suddenly, Cohaagen\'s forces burst in, led there by Benny, and kill most of the resistance, including Kuato; Kuato, in his final words, instructs Quaid to start the reactor. Quaid and Melina are taken to Cohaagen. Cohaagen shows them another video of Hauser, who reveals the Quaid persona was a ploy to infiltrate the mutants and lead Cohaagen to Kuato, thereby wiping out the resistance. Cohaagen orders Hauser\'s memory to be reimplanted in Quaid and Melina to be programmed to be Hauser\'s slave, but Quaid and Melina escape, making their way into the mines where the alien reactor is located. They work their way to the control room of the reactor, killing Benny, Richter, and the rest of his men along the way. Cohaagen confronts them in the control room, insisting that turning on the artifact will kill them all. Quaid tries to dispose of a bomb Cohaagen has planted, accidentally blowing out one of the walls of the control room and exposing them to the vacuum of the Martian atmosphere. Cohaagen is pulled into the Martian atmosphere and dies from choking and decompression. Quaid and Melina are also pulled out, but not before starting the reactor. As Kuato predicted, the reactor releases a massive plume of air that covers the surface of Mars, saving Quaid and Melina in time, and bursting the windows of Venusville, saving its population. As humans walk onto the surface of the planet in its new atmosphere , Quaid takes a moment to wonder if he is still living the memory before turning to kiss Melina.'] ['In late 1990s Los Angeles, Hannon Fuller  owns a multi-billion-dollar computer enterprise, and is the inventor of a newly-completed virtual reality  simulation of 1937 Los Angeles. When Fuller is murdered just as he begins premature testing of the VR system, his friend and protégé, Douglas Hall , becomes the primary suspect. The evidence against him is so strong that Hall begins to doubt his own innocence. Between interrogations by LAPD Detective Larry McBain , Hall meets Jane Fuller , the estranged daughter of Hannon Fuller, who is busy with the shutdown of the new VR system. Hall romances her. When a local bartender claims to have witnessed a meeting between Hall and Fuller on the night Fuller was murdered, Hall is arrested. He is released when Jane gives him an alibi. With the assistance of his associate Whitney , Hall attempts to find a message that Fuller left for him inside the simulation. Entering the virtual reality, Hall becomes a banker named John Ferguson. He learns that a bartender named Jerry Ashton  is aware that he is an artificial creation after reading Fuller\'s message for Hall. Frightened and angry, Ashton tries to kill Hall. Hall barely survives to escape the virtual reality. Now unable to find Jane, Hall discovers her double, Natasha Molinaro, working as a grocery store clerk — but Molinaro does not recognize Hall. This leads Hall to perform an experiment outside the VR system, something that Fuller’s letter instructed him to try: drive to a place where he never would have considered going otherwise. He does so, and discovers a place that resembles a wireframe model. Hall grasps the truth, the meaning of Fuller\'s message: 1990s Los Angeles is itself a simulation. Hall ultimately realizes that his world is one of thousands of virtual worlds, but it is the only one in which one of the occupants has developed a virtual world of its own. Jane Fuller lives in the real world outside the 1990s simulation, and only entered the virtual version to assume the role of her simulation, gain control of her father\'s company in that simulation, and shut down the simulated 1937 reality. The virtual Hall is modeled after David, Jane’s real-world husband. It was David who committed the murders via Hall’s body, being driven to jealousy when Jane fell in love with the Hall character. Whitney enters the 1937 simulation, assuming the role of bartender Jerry Ashton, who has kidnapped Ferguson  and bound him in the trunk of his car. When Whitney is killed in a car crash inside the 1937 simulation, Ashton’s consciousness takes control of Whitney’s body in the 1990s simulation. David assumes control of Hall again to kill Ashton, and then attempts to rape and murder Jane. Jane is rescued by Det. McBain, who shoots and kills David, and asks Jane to leave them be "down here", implying he realized the nature of his reality as well. David\'s death as Hall in the 1990s simulation allows Hall’s artificial consciousness to take control of David’s body in the real world. He wakes in 2024, connected by a device to the VR system. He disconnects the system and finds Jane and her father, the real Hannon Fuller. Jane wants to tell Hall more about the simulation, but as she begins the film ends, the screen image turning black like a computer monitor being turned off.'] ['In 1983, off-duty policeman Reiden picks up a suspicious couple, Kei and Ai, who claim to be father and daughter but appear to be close in age. Reiden thus becomes involved in a fight between them and the female fighter K2 who is chasing them. Kei draws out his latent ability to the maximum by a Legendary "Trigger" and Ai blows away K2. The night sky splits and strange space is shown. Their enemy is the secret society "Fraud" of para-psionics, which is commanded by Kuu Ragua Lee. Kei, Ai and Reiden meet the assassins whom Fraud sends out one after another.'] ['In The Element of Crime, an English detective named Fisher , who has become an expatriate living in Cairo, undergoes hypnosis in order to recall his last case. The Europe of his dreamlike recollection is a dystopia, dark and decaying. Fisher remembers pursuing an elusive killer called the "Lotto Murderer", who was strangling and then mutilating young girls who were selling lottery tickets. He attempts to track down the killer using the controversial methods outlined in a book entitled The Element of Crime, written by his disgraced mentor, Osborne . He is joined in his search by a prostitute named Kim , who, it turns out, has had a child by his target. Fisher\'s search is based on a tailing report written by Osborne when trying to track down a murderer who had been killing in the same way as the "Lotto Murderer", but who, supposedly, has since died in a crash. The Osborne method requires the detective to try to identify with the mind of the killer. This he does, but, in so doing, begins to behave more and more like a serial killer himself.'] ['In the near-future, organic virtual reality game consoles known as "game pods" have replaced electronic ones. The pods are attached to "bio-ports", outlets inserted at players\' spines, through umbilical cords. Two game companies, Antenna Research and Cortical Systematics, compete against each other. In addition, a group of "realists" fights both companies to prevent the "deforming" of reality. Antenna Research\'s Allegra Geller , the greatest game designer in the world, is testing her latest virtual reality game, eXistenZ, with a focus group at a seminar. She is shot in the shoulder by an assassin named Noel Dichter  with an organic pistol , which is undetectable by security. As Dichter is gunned down by the security team, security guard  Ted Pikul , rushes to Geller and escorts her outside. Allegra discovers that her pod, which contains the only copy of the eXistenZ game, may have been damaged due to an "UmbyCord" being ripped out as the game was being downloaded. To test it, she must plug into the game in tandem with another player that she can trust, and talks a reluctant Pikul into installing a bio-port in his own body so he can play the game with her. Pikul, one of a dwindling few who has refused to have a bio-port installed to this point, at first objects due to a phobia about "surgical penetration," but eventually gives in. They head to a gas station run by a black marketeer named Gas  to get it installed. Gas deliberately installs a faulty bio-port and the game pod is damaged. Gas  reveals that he is going to kill Allegra for the bounty on her head, but Pikul shoots him with the rivet gun used to install the port. The pair make their way to a former ski lodge used by Allegra\'s mentor, Kiri Vinokur . He and his assistant repair the damaged pod and give Pikul a new bio-port. Inside the game, Pikul realizes that it is hard to tell whether his or Allegra\'s actions are their own intentions or the game\'s. When they meet D\'Arcy Nader , a video game shop owner, Pikul speaks rudely to him, but then expresses surprise at his own rudeness. Allegra informs him that it was the doing of his game character. Reality becomes more distorted when they use new micro pods given to them by Nader, and gain new identities as workers at a game pod factory. There, they meet Yevgeny Nourish , who claims to be their contact in the Realist underworld. Nourish recommends that Pikul order the special for lunch at a Chinese restaurant near the factory. Once in the restaurant, Pikul "pauses" the game in order to get back to the real world, but finds out that he is unable to distinguish reality from illusion. Back in the restaurant, Pikul develops an urge to eat the unappetizing special, which turns out to be an assortment of cooked mutant animals. Pikul constructs a familiar object from the inedible parts—the pistol used to shoot Allegra. He points it at her as a joke, but then Nourish identifies their Chinese waiter  as an enemy and gets Pikul to shoot him instead. In keeping with the game reality, the other patrons of the restaurant appear more frozen than shocked, and return to their meals when Pikul tells them it was a simple misunderstanding about the bill. When the pair return to the game store, Hugo Carlaw  informs them that Nourish is actually a double agent for Cortical Systematics, and the waiter whom Pikul shot was the actual contact. The next day at the factory, the two plan to sabotage all the game pods in the factory by plugging into a diseased pod. When Allegra becomes infected, Pikul frees her by cutting the umbycord. Allegra almost bleeds to death until Nourish shows up again with a flame thrower, directing it at the diseased pod. The pod bursts, releasing deadly spores. Before leaving, Allegra stabs Nourish in the back with a knife. Allegra and Pikul suddenly find themselves back in the ski lodge, and it seems that they have lost the game. They discover that Allegra\'s game pod is also diseased. Pikul is confused by the disease\'s crossover from the game into reality. However, Allegra immediately notices Pikul rubbing his back and realizes that Vinokur gave Pikul an infected bioport in order to destroy her game. She inserts a disinfecting device into Pikul\'s bioport. Unexpectedly, Carlaw reappears as a Realist resistance fighter, and escorts Allegra and Pikul outside to witness the death of eXistenZ. Before Carlaw can kill Allegra, he is shot in the back by Vinokur, who is a double agent for Cortical Systematics. He informs Allegra that he copied her game data while he was fixing her pod. In revenge, she kills Vinokur. Pikul then reveals that he himself was sent to kill her; he is a Realist. However, she informs him that she knew of his true intentions ever since he pointed the gun at her in the Chinese restaurant, then kills him by detonating the disinfecting device in his bioport by remote control. In yet another twist, the two then appear on a stage, together with the main players from the game. It turns out that the story itself is in fact a virtual reality game called "tranCendenZ" played by the cast, mirroring the first scene. This is enforced by more naturalistic acting coupled with significantly less cliche dialog, and cutaways from Allegra and Pikul. Another difference occurs when it is revealed that players are using electronic devices rather than game pods. The real game designer, Nourish, feels uneasy because the game started with the assassination of a game designer and had an overall anti-game theme that he suspects originated from the thoughts of one of the testers. Pikul and Allegra approach him  and ask him if he should pay for his "crimes" of deforming reality. As Merle , Nourish\'s assistant, calls for security, Pikul and Allegra grab pistols hidden under the dog\'s false mane and shoot Nourish and Merle to death. As in the restaurant scene, the other players appear more frozen than shocked. As Pikul and Allegra leave, they aim their guns at the person who played the Chinese waiter, who first pleads for his life, then asks if they are still in the game. The last shot is of Pikul and Allegra standing in surprised silence, apparently unsure of the answer.'] ['In 2027, after 18 years of worldwide female infertility, civilisation is on the brink of collapse as humanity faces the grim reality of extinction. For years the United Kingdom, one of the few stable nations with a functioning government, has been deluged by asylum seekers from around the world, fleeing the chaos and war which has taken hold in most countries. In response Britain has become a militarised police state as British forces round up and detain immigrants. Kidnapped by an immigrants rights group known as "The Fishes", former activist turned cynical bureaucrat Theo Faron  is brought to its leader, his estranged American wife Julian Taylor . They separated after their son died from a flu pandemic in 2008. Julian offers Theo money to acquire transit papers for a young refugee named Kee , which Theo obtains from his cousin Nigel , a government minister. However, the bearer must be accompanied, so Theo agrees to escort Kee in exchange for a larger sum. Luke , a Fishes member, drives them and former midwife Miriam  towards the coast to a boat. They are ambushed by an armed gang and Julian is fatally shot. Luke kills two police officers who stop their car and they escape to a safe house. Kee reveals her importance to Theo: she is pregnant. Julian had told her to only trust him, intending to hand Kee to the "Human Project", a supposed scientific group in the Azores dedicated to curing infertility. However, Luke persuades Kee to stay. That night, Theo eavesdrops on a meeting of Luke and other members and discovers that Julian\'s death was orchestrated so the group could use the baby as a political tool to support the coming revolution. Theo wakes Kee and Miriam and they steal a car, escaping to the secluded hideaway of Theo\'s aging hippie friend Jasper Palmer , a former editorial cartoonist. A plan is formulated to board the Human Project ship Tomorrow which will arrive offshore from the Bexhill refugee camp and Jasper proposes getting Syd , a camp guard he knows, to smuggle them in. The Fishes trail the group and Jasper stays behind to stall them, giving the government-issued suicide drug Quietus to his catatonic wife. A horrified Theo witnesses the Fishes kill him before escaping with Miriam and Kee. Later they meet Syd, who transports them to Bexhill as prisoners. When Kee begins having contractions on a bus, Miriam distracts a suspicious guard with mania and is taken away. That night Kee gives birth. The next day Syd informs Theo and Kee that a war between the army and the refugees, including the Fishes, has begun. After seeing the baby Syd threatens to turn them in but they attack him and escape. Amidst the fighting between refugees and British troops, the Fishes capture Kee. Theo tracks her and her baby to an apartment which is under heavy fire from the military and escorts her out. Awed by the presence of a baby, the combatants stop fighting momentarily, enabling them to escape. Marichka leads them to a boat in a sewer, but refuses to join them. Theo rows away, revealing to Kee that he had been shot during the gunfire. As they witness the aerial bombing of Bexhill by the Royal Air Force, Kee tells Theo she will name her baby Dylan after Theo\'s son. Theo loses consciousness and Kee begins to sing a lullaby as the Tomorrow approaches through the fog.'] ['In the early 2030s, the world is plagued by environmental blight. The United Kingdom is ruled by a totalitarian government under the fascist Norsefire party. The party sets up concentration camps where political prisoners, homosexuals, and other unwanted populace in general are exterminated by Britain\'s new fascist regime. Evey Hammond, a young woman who works at the state-run British Television Network, is rescued from an attempted rape perpetrated by members of the secret police known as the "Fingermen" by a Guy Fawkes-masked vigilante known as "V". He leads her to a rooftop to watch his destruction of the Old Bailey. Norsefire tries to explain away the incident as a controlled demolition, claiming the building was no longer structurally sound, but V takes over the state television broadcast the same day, exposing the lie. He urges the people of Britain to rise up against the oppressive government and meet him in one year, on November 5, outside the Houses of Parliament, which he promises to destroy. Evey helps V to escape, but is knocked out in the process. V brings Evey to his lair, where she is told that she must stay in hiding until the November 5 in the following year for her own safety. Upon learning that V is killing government officials, she escapes to the home of her boss, comedian and talk show host Gordon Deitrich . In return for Evey\'s trust in him with her very safety, Deitrich reveals to her an inner sanctum in his home housing a collection of materials outlawed by the government such as subversive paintings, the Quran, and to her surprise – homoerotic photos by Robert Mapplethorpe. Deitrich explains that even though she believed she was meeting him for a date that night V saved her from the fingermen, his intentions toward her was actually a cover under which he hides his actual sexuality. Rather than be his true self in the police state they live in, he has to keep up the expected image of someone who dates young girls such as herself lest he be imprisoned like all the other undesirables. One night, Gordon satirises the government on his television show. The secret police raid Deitrich\'s home, capturing him and Evey. She is incarcerated and tortured for days for information about V. She finds solace in notes written by another prisoner, an actress named Valerie Page , who was arrested for being a lesbian. Finally, Evey is told that she will be executed immediately unless she reveals V\'s location. An exhausted but defiant Evey says she would rather die, and is released. Evey discovers that she has been in V\'s lair all along, and that her imprisonment was staged to free her from her fears. She finds out Deitrich was executed for having a copy of the Quran. The notes were real, but they were passed by Valerie to V years earlier when he was similarly imprisoned. Although Evey initially hates V for what he did to her, she realizes she now feels stronger and free in spirit. She leaves him with a promise to return before November 5. Inspector Finch, Scotland Yard\'s chief of police, learns how Norsefire came to power and about V\'s origins in the course of his investigation. Fourteen years earlier, the United States had collapsed, due to being the victim of an unleashed bio-weapon, which was secretly and deliberately utilized by the people who would become the core of the group Norsefire. It is also mentioned later on that the United States is suffering another civil war between the Midwestern states. Britain suffered in the resulting chaos. Norsefire led a reactionary purge to restore order, during which "enemies of the state" — anyone who did not meet the Party\'s standards of "purity" — frequently disappeared. The country was divided over the loss of freedom until a coordinated bio-terrorist attack upon a school, a water treatment plant and a tube station resulted in at least 80,000 deaths. The fear generated by the attack allowed Norsefire to win the next election, thereafter silencing all opposition and turning the United Kingdom into a totalitarian state under High Chancellor Adam Sutler . A cure for the virus used in the bio-terrorist attack was later unveiled by a pharmaceutical company with ties to Norsefire. Finch comes to realize that Sutler and his now security chief, Peter Creedy , engineered the catastrophe to seize power. The virus was developed through deadly experimentation on "social deviants" and political dissidents at a detention centre in Larkhill where V had been detained with Valerie Page. Unlike the rest of the doomed prisoners, V gained heightened abilities and managed to escape when the centre was destroyed. Finch realizes that a string of murders involving high profile Norsefire party members are actually V taking revenge on those involved with Larkhill. As November 5 nears, V\'s various schemes cause chaos in the UK and the population starts questioning Norsefire\'s rule. V organizes the distribution of thousands of Guy Fawkes masks. On the eve of the 5th, Evey visits V, who shows her a train in the abandoned London Underground which he has filled with explosives to destroy Parliament. He leaves it up to Evey whether to use it, believing that he is unfit to decide. V then leaves to meet Creedy, who had made a deal with V to hand over Sutler in exchange for V\'s surrender. Although Creedy executes Sutler as V watches, V still refuses to surrender and is shot multiple times by Creedy\'s bodyguards. V survives due in part to his concealed armour breastplate, and kills Creedy and his men. Mortally wounded, V returns to Evey to thank her and admits he is in love with her. V dies in her arms afterwards. As Evey places the dead V in the train, she is found by Finch. Having learned much about the corruption of the Norsefire regime, Finch allows Evey to send the train on its way. Thousands of Londoners, all wearing the Guy Fawkes masks, and unarmed, march on Parliament to watch the event. Because Sutler and Creedy are dead and unable to give orders, the military stands down in the face of a civil rebellion. Accompanied by the "1812 Overture", Parliament and Big Ben are destroyed as Evey and Finch look on. Finch asks Evey for the identity of V, to which she replies, "He was all of us."'] ['From a prison cell in Madrid, César ([[Eduardo Noriega , a 25-year-old in a prosthetic mask, tells his story to psychiatrist Antonio . Flashbacks reveal the following events: good-looking César is attractive to women. At his birthday party, he flirts with Sofía , the girlfriend of his best friend Pelayo . Later on, he takes her home and stays the night, although they don\'t sleep together. The next morning, César\'s obsessive ex-lover Nuria  pulls up outside Sofia\'s flat and when she spots César leaving in the morning, she offers him a ride back to her apartment to have sex. On the way there, however, she intentionally crashes the car, committing suicide, and César is horribly disfigured, beyond the help of cosmetic surgery. Sofía can\'t bear to see him like this and goes back to Pelayo. After César\'s disfigurement, he begins to have a series of disorienting experiences. Drunk, César falls asleep in the street. On awakening, everything has changed: Sofía now claims to love him and the surgeons restore his lost looks. But as he makes love to Sofía one night, she apparently changes into Nuria. Horrified, César smothers her with a pillow, yet finds everyone else believes Nuria was indeed the woman everyone else calls Sofía. While he is confined to the prison, fragments of his past return to him as if in a dream. It is gradually revealed that, shortly after his disfigurement, César contracted with Life Extension, a company specializing in cryonics, to be cryogenically preserved and to experience extremely lucid and lifelike virtual reality dreams. Returning to their headquarters, under supervision by prison officers, he discovers they specialise in cryonics with a twist: "artificial perception" or the provision of a fantasy based on the past to clients who are reborn in the future. He had committed suicide at home after sleeping drunk on the street, and was placed in cryonic suspension. His experiences from about the midpoint of the movie onward have been a dream, spliced retroactively into his actual life and replacing his true memories. At the end of the film he elects to wake up and be resurrected. Convinced his life since the drunken night in the street is simply a nightmarish vision created by Life Extension, César leaps from the roof of the company\'s high-rise headquarters, resolving to open his eyes once more to real life outside the cryonic fantasy.'] ['Sam Lowry  is a low-level government employee, who has frequent daydreams of saving a beautiful maiden. One day he is assigned the task of trying to rectify an error caused by a fly getting jammed in a printer, which caused it to misprint a file, resulting in the incarceration and death during interrogation of Mr. Archibald Buttle instead of the suspected "terrorist", Archibald Tuttle. When Sam visits Buttle\'s widow, he discovers Jill Layton , the upstairs neighbour of the Buttles, and is astonished to see that she has the face of the woman from his recurring dreams. Jill is trying to help Mrs. Buttle find out what happened to her husband, but has become sick of dealing with the bureaucracy. Unbeknownst to her, she is now considered a terrorist friend of Tuttle for attempting to report the mistake of Buttle\'s arrest in Tuttle\'s place to a bureaucracy that would not admit such an error. When Sam tries to approach her, she is very cautious and avoids giving Sam full details, worried the government will track her down. During this time, Sam comes in contact with the real Tuttle , a renegade air conditioning specialist who once worked for the government but left due to his dislike of paperwork. Tuttle helps Sam deal with two Central Services workers, Spoor  and Dowser , who later return to demolish Sam\'s ducts and seize his apartment under the guise of fixing the air conditioning. Sam discovers that the only way to learn about Jill is to get transferred to Information Retrieval, where he would have access to her classified records. He requests the help of his mother, Ida , vainly addicted to rejuvenating plastic surgery under the care of cosmetic surgeon Dr. Jaffe , as she has connections to high-ranking officers and is able to help her son get the position. Delighted that her son has finally shown ambition &ndash; having previously turned down similar offers from her &ndash; Ida arranges for Sam\'s promotion. Sam eventually obtains Jill\'s records and tracks her down before she is arrested, then falsifies her records to make her appear deceased, allowing her to escape the bureaucracy. The two share a romantic night together, but they are quickly apprehended by the government at gunpoint. Charged with treason for abusing his newly acquired position, Sam is restrained to a chair in a large, empty cylindrical room , to be tortured by his old "friend", Jack Lint , who is wearing a mask seen earlier in Sam\'s dreams and had previously renounced their friendship in favour of loyalty to the Ministry. Sam also learns that Jill had been killed resisting arrest. However, before Jack manages to begin the torture, Tuttle and other members of the resistance break into the Ministry. The resistance shoots Jack, rescues Sam, and blows up the Ministry building as they flee. Sam and Tuttle run off together, but Tuttle disappears amid a mass of scraps of paper from the destroyed Ministry. Sam runs to his mother attending a funeral for a friend who died of excessive cosmetic surgery. Finding his mother now looking like Jill and fawned over by a flock of juvenile admirers, Sam falls into the open casket, falling through an empty black void. He lands in a world from his daydreams, and attempts escape up a pile of flex-ducts from the police and imaginary monsters. He finds a door at the top of the pile and, passing through it, is surprised to find himself in a trailer driven by Jill. The two drive away from the city together. However, this "happy ending" is all a product of Sam\'s delusions: Sam is still strapped to the chair and observed by Jack and Deputy Minister Mr. Helpmann , who is portrayed along the film as a good "friend" of Sam\'s family. Realising that Sam has grown catatonic, with a smile on his face and humming "Brazil", the two declare Sam a lost cause, and exit the room as the film ends.'] ['Dr. Larry Roberts , a Beverly Hills plastic surgeon, is puzzled when four beautiful models working in television commercials request cosmetic surgery to make changes so minor as to be imperceptible to the naked eye. When these models later start dying under mysterious circumstances, he discovers they are all linked to the same advertisement research firm. The Digital Matrix research firm rates advertising models using a scoring system to measure the combined visual impact of various physical attributes in television commercials. In an experiment to increase their scores, some models are sent to Dr. Roberts to get cosmetic surgery to maximize their visual impacts. Though the models are physically perfect after the surgeries, they still are not as effective as desired, so the research firm decides to use a different approach. Each model is offered a contract to have her body scanned digitally to create 3D computer-generated models, then the 3D models are animated for use in commercials. The contract deals seem to be incredibly lucrative for the models: once their bodies are represented digitally, they get a paycheck for life, never having to work again, since their digital model is used for all their future work in commercials. However, when these same models start dying under mysterious circumstances, Roberts becomes suspicious and decides to investigate Digital Matrix. He has a strong interest in investigating the deaths: he is considered a prime suspect by the police  and his most recent patient, Cindy , is the last of the models to be digitally scanned. During his investigation, Roberts discovers some advanced-technology devices the Digital Matrix corporation is using to hypnotize consumers into buying the products they advertise. He also discovers the Light Ocular-Oriented Kinetic Emotive Responses  gun, a light pulse device that gives the illusion of invisibility by instantly mesmerizing its victims into losing all sense of time.'] ['The film opens with Alan Hakman  as a child, and another child named Louis Hunt, as they enter an abandoned factory. They come to a long wooden plank suspended very high above the floor, and Louis falls after Hakman goads him into crossing the plank. Hakman flees and is not caught. The film advances to Hakman\'s adult life, portraying him creating two rememories from Zoe implants. It turns out that Hakman is a very skillful cutter whose edits can make "saints out of criminals", and his services are highly valued by rich, immoral people; Hakman sees himself doing a good deed, as a sin-eater who removes past crimes from the dead so they can rest in peace. At the screening of a rememory, a former cutter, Fletcher , offers Hakman $500,000 for the footage he recently acquired of Charles Bannister, a former EYE Tech manager; the footage, which reveals that Bannister was sexually abusing his young daughter, would discredit the entire "cutting" industry. Hakman refuses to surrender it after locating in the footage a person he believes to be Hunt, whom he\'d presumed dead from the fall as a child; he sets the "Guillotine", which in the film is the computer used to sort and edit  the Zoe footage, to search for more images of the man. Hakman and his colleagues break into the EYE Tech headquarters to locate Hunt\'s Zoe footage as a second source, and although he does not find Hunt\'s footage, because his surname also begins with the letter \'H\' he discovers a file under his own name. He realizes that he himself has a Zoe implant, violating the cutter\'s code that no cutter may have one. He did not know he had an implant because both of his parents had died suddenly before telling him. In his distress after the discovery that he is implanted, Hakman brings his lover Delila  into his apartment, and leaves her alone with his Guillotine. He immediately undergoes the first stage of a specialized tattooing procedure to end the implant\'s ability to record audio, he has to wait a week later to get a second tattoo that will remove video. When he returns he puts bullets in his firearm under the belief that Fletcher and his associate have broken into his apartment to steal the Bannister footage. Instead, he finds Delila poring over the full Zoe footage of her late boyfriend. Hakman apparently has kept the footage and has vicariously used it to fill in what\'s lacking in his life, experiencing their relationship in all its passion and perhaps turning it into the basis for all the feelings he has for her. Delila becomes angry that her private memory with her boyfriend is used in such a manner, and shoots the Guillotine. The bullet hits the Bannister card, destroying its footage. When Fletcher and his associate finally break in to steal the Bannister footage, they find out it has been destroyed. Hakman lies to Bannister\'s wife, telling her that a technical fault destroyed it. Hakman then "cuts" into his own memories, and sees that Hunt did not in fact die when he fell, absolving him of decades of guilt. Hakman visits Hunt\'s grave, and is joined by Fletcher, who has discovered through the tattoo parlour that Hakman has an implant and that it recorded the critical images from the Bannister footage. Foregoing the biopsy procedure, Fletcher chases Hakman through the graveyard filled with video tombstones, eventually catching up to Hakman but hesitant to shoot him. Fletcher\'s associate, having concealed his presence during the chase between Hakman and Fletcher, then shoots Hakman, killing him. In the last shot of the movie, Alan Hakman looks at himself in a mirror through his own eyes. But when he looks away and walks off, the camera keeps watching the empty mirror instead of watching what he sees.'] ['{{Plot}} In the last days of December 1999, Los Angeles has become a dangerously volatile war zone. As a group of criminals rob a Chinese restaurant, the event is recorded by a robber wearing a \'SQUID\', or "Superconducting Quantum Interference Device", which records events directly from the wearer\'s cerebral cortex, and when played back through a MiniDisc-like device allow a user to experience the recorder\'s memory as if was his or her own. Lenny Nero  is a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer who deals in bootleg SQUID recordings. His main supplier, Tick , tries to sell the robbery clip to him. Lenny initially refuses, due to the recording ending with the wearer\'s death, but eventually agrees to buy it at a reduced price, intending to edit it. Meanwhile, a call girl named Iris  is being chased by two police officers as she flees to the subway, jumping aboard one of the trains. As the train departs, one of the officers shatters a window and grabs Iris; her wig is pulled off as she struggles, revealing a SQUID recorder headset inside. While Lenny acts smooth with his clients, in private he pines for his ex-girlfriend Faith , while relying on his two best friends, bodyguard Lornette "Mace" Mason  and private investigator Max Peltier , for emotional support. Mace\'s relationship with Lenny is strained, due to her unrequited feelings for him and her disapproval of his SQUID-dealing business. While the three are drinking together at a bar, Iris arrives, drops a disc through the sunroof of Lenny\'s car and attempts to explain her predicament to him, but flees when she sees police nearby. Lenny\'s illegally-parked car is towed away before Lenny can find the disc. Hours later, Lenny receives a "blackjack"  SQUID from an anonymous sender, and watches in horror as Iris gets brutally raped and strangled to death. Disturbed by the recording and Iris\'s warnings about Faith\'s safety, Lenny tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend, music industry mogul Philo Gant , but to no avail. Lenny later receives more snuff tapes. He and Mace discover that the deaths are tied to a cover-up of the murder of rapper and social commentator Jeriko One  and one of his band mates by two renegade LAPD officers. As they are hunted by the two policemen, Burton Steckler and Dwayne Engelman , Lenny discovers that Iris witnessed  the murders. Lenny, Mace, and Max meet at Tick\'s on New Year\'s Eve, only to discover that Tick has been rendered brain-dead from exposure to highly amplified SQUID recordings. Mace insists that the truth behind Jeriko\'s murder go public, but Max insinuates that if it did, the city would destroy itself from within. Lenny concludes that the assault on Tick was committed by the same person that killed Iris and fears Faith will be next. Lenny and Mace confront Faith about the truth behind Jeriko\'s death. Faith mentions that Philo has been monitoring his inner circle. Concerned that Jeriko might be looking for a new manager, Philo hired Iris to spy on him. Realizing that Philo must have ordered the killer to murder Iris, Lenny convinces Faith to escape with them, but Philo\'s henchmen stop them. As midnight approaches, Lenny and Mace sneak into a private New Year\'s party at the Bonaventure Hotel that Philo is hosting for the city\'s wealthy elite. Lenny gives the disk to Mace so she can deliver it to Deputy Police Commissioner Palmer Strickland . Upon entering Philo\'s penthouse suite, Lenny finds another SQUID disk which shows Faith apparently being raped and killed. Refusing to watch anymore, Lenny finds a body covered in bedsheets and pulls the sheets aside to find Philo, whose brain has been overwhelmed in the same manner as Tick\'s. Lenny watches the remainder of the clip and discovers the killer is Max. He only pretended to kill Faith and it becomes apparent that the two have become lovers. In the clip, Philo enters the room and Max forces him to run the amplified recording. After the clip ends, Max and Faith enter the room. Max disarms Lenny and shoots Philo with Lenny\'s gun, explaining that he set Philo up because he wanted to have Faith killed for what she knew about Jeriko One\'s death, and that he now intends to frame Lenny for Philo\'s murder. As Max is about to shoot Lenny, Faith has a change of heart and attacks Max. In the ensuing fight, Lenny tries to throw Max off the balcony and Max grabs Lenny\'s necktie, leaving both of them dangling from the railing over the street below. Lenny manages to pull Max\'s knife out of his shoulder  and cut his tie off, and Max falls to his death. Outside the hotel, Mace is pursued by Steckler and Engelman. She manages to subdue both of them, cuffing them to a scaffold, only for other nearby police officers to brutally beat her, triggering a riot in the crowd. Commissioner Strickland appears and restores order, having watched the recording of the murders, and orders the two officers arrested. As they are read their rights, Engelman grabs a pistol from one of the officers and commits suicide, and Steckler is gunned down by the police when he tries to shoot Mace. As Lenny and Mace are being treated for their wounds, Faith is arrested for Philo\'s murder. At the stroke of midnight , Lenny and Mace share a passionate kiss.'] ["The film is set in a future where death from illness has become extremely unusual. When Katherine Mortenhoe  is diagnosed as having an incurable disease, she becomes a celebrity and is besieged by journalists. The television company NTV  offers her a large sum of money if she will allow her last days to be filmed and made into a reality television show – they have already spied on her as she is told of her diagnosis  and prepared posters for the show which show her face . Katherine pretends to agree but evades NTV's employees and goes on the run with the assistance of a casual acquaintance called Roddy . The audience knows – but she does not – that Roddy is, in fact, a senior NTV cameraman who has undergone an experimental surgical procedure which implants cameras and transmitters behind his eyes, so that everything he sees is relayed back to NTV, who use it as the basis for their reality show. A side-effect of the procedure is that he will go blind if he experiences more than a short period of darkness; he uses drugs to keep awake, has learned to sleep for brief periods with his eyes open, and carries a flashlight which he shines on his eyes at night. Much of the filming took place in and around Glasgow, including: Glasgow Necropolis, Glasgow Cathedral, the former Queen's Dock on the River Clyde and the Glasgow City Chambers. In 2012 Shout! Factory released the film on Blu-ray in Region 1."] ['{{Hatnote}} In Los Angeles, November 2019, retired police officer Rick Deckard  is detained by officer Gaff  and brought to meet with his former supervisor, Bryant . Deckard, whose job as a "Blade Runner" was to track down bioengineered beings known as replicants and "retire"  them, is told by Bryant that several have escaped and come to Earth illegally. As Tyrell Corporation Nexus-6 models, they have only a four-year lifespan, and may have come to Earth to try to extend their lives. Deckard watches a video of another Blade Runner named Holden  administering a "Voight-Kampff" test designed to distinguish replicants from humans based on their empathic response to questions. The subject of the test, Leon , shoots Holden. Bryant wants Deckard to return to work to retire Leon and three other replicants—Roy Batty , Zhora  and Pris . Deckard refuses, but after Bryant makes an overt threat, he reluctantly agrees. Sent to the Tyrell Corporation to ensure that the test works on Nexus-6 models, Deckard discovers that Tyrell\'s  assistant Rachael  is an experimental replicant who believes herself to be human; Rachael\'s consciousness has been enhanced with false memories to provide an "emotional cushion". As a result, a more extensive test is required to determine if she is a replicant. Trying to find a way to meet with Tyrell, Roy and Leon go to the eye-manufacturing laboratory of Chew , forcing him to divulge the identity of J.F. Sebastian , a gifted designer who works closely with Tyrell. Rachael visits Deckard at his apartment to prove her humanity by showing him a family photo. Dropping the photo to the floor, Rachael leaves in tears after Deckard tells her that her memories are only implants taken from a real person. Sent by Roy, Pris meets and gains the confidence of Sebastian at his apartment, where he lives with manufactured companions. While searching Leon\'s apartment, Deckard finds a photo of Zhora, and a synthetic snake scale that leads him to a strip club where Zhora works. Deckard retires Zhora, and shortly after is told by Bryant to add Rachael, who has disappeared from the Tyrell Corporation headquarters, to his list of retirements. Deckard spots Rachael in a crowd but is disarmed and attacked by Leon, who saw him kill Zhora. Rachael kills Leon using Deckard\'s gun, and the two return to Deckard\'s apartment, where he promises not to hunt her. Later they share an intimate moment; Rachael then tries to leave, but Deckard seduces her. Arriving at Sebastian\'s apartment, Roy tells Pris the others are dead. Sympathetic to their plight, Sebastian reveals that because of a genetic disorder that accelerates his aging, his life will also be cut short. Under a pretext, Sebastian and Roy gain entrance into Tyrell\'s secure penthouse, where Roy demands more life from his maker. Told that this has proved to be impossible, Roy confesses that he has done "questionable things". Tyrell dismisses Roy\'s guilt, praising Roy\'s advanced design and his accomplishments. Responding "Nothing the god of biomechanics wouldn\'t let you into heaven for", Roy kisses Tyrell, then kills him. Sebastian runs for the elevator followed by Roy, who rides the elevator down alone. Upon entering Sebastian\'s apartment, Deckard is ambushed by Pris, but manages to kill her just as Roy returns. Roy fights Deckard without using his full strength against him. Eventually Deckard is hanging from a rooftop. Just as he is about to fall, Roy saves him. His life ending, Roy delivers a monologue on how his memories are about to be lost and dies in front of Deckard, who watches silently. Gaff arrives and, referring to Rachael, shouts to Deckard "It\'s too bad she won\'t live, but then again, who does?" Deckard returns to his apartment to find Rachael alive and sleeping in his bed; as they leave, Deckard finds a small tin-foil unicorn, a calling card left by his origami-making partner Gaff. Depending on the version, Deckard and Rachael either leave the apartment block to an uncertain future, or drive through an idyllic pastoral landscape.'] ["Three years after the events of the first movie, Noa Izumi and Asuma Shinohara are now testing new Labors at a facility run by the Metropolitan Police. Isao Ota is a police academy Labor instructor. Mikiyasu Shinshi has since been reassigned as the Tokyo Metropolitan Police's head of General Affairs. Seitaro Sakaki has retired with Shigeo Shiba taking over his position as head of the labor maintenance team with Hiromi Yamazaki, Kiichi Goto and Shinobu Nagumo remaining with the unit as Kanuka Clancy had permanently returned to New York. Most of them had been replaced by fresh labor pilots. Suspicious events begin to materialize with the face of a military takeover of Tokyo by GSDF forces and martial law with belief that the JASDF was the culprit. Protests in various JSDF bases take place as a means of conveying their denial of the bridge attack. Before long, public panic comes as JGSDF-marked gunships attack in several bridges in Tokyo Bay, various communication centers and SV2 headquarters, coupled by the release of a supposed deadly gas after Special Assault Team snipers shoot down an auto-piloted blimp that was responsible for jamming all electronics in the Greater Tokyo Area. Goto and Nagumo once more assembles the original Section 2 members in a hidden subway passage as they embark on a secret operation to apprehend Yukihito Tsuge, a former GSDF officer who planned the terrorist attacks as revenge for the failure of a UN Peacekeeping operation in Cambodia back in 1999. With the threat of US intervention looming unless the government controls the situation, the team uses an old stretch of the Ginza Line to approach an artificial island Tsuge uses as his hideout. However, Goto also takes care of things on his end by facilitating the arrest of Shigeki Arakawa, a GSDF intelligence agent who is actually one of Tsuge's cohorts. After a fierce fight inside the artificial island's tunnel which results in flooding, the team evacuates the tunnel while Nagumo breaks through to finally arrest Tsuge."] ['Set in 1999, Tokyo is undergoing a huge re-development program: old suburbs are being demolished and man-made islands are being constructed in Tokyo Bay under the Babylon Project. Dominating the scene is the "Ark," a huge man-made island that serves at the Project\'s nerve center and chief Labor manufacturing facility. However, several of the Labors being used in Tokyo, specifically those built by Shinohara Heavy Industries - suddenly go haywire even while unattended. The Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department\'s 2nd Special Vehicles Section  is assigned to help reel in the errant Labors, but only the SV2\'s Division II is on duty around the clock . The GSDF is also preoccupied as they send their own forces to stop an HOS-equipped HAL-X-10 Labor tank prototype. As Division II goes out on the field, team commander Captain Gotoh, Sgt Asuma Shinohara, and mechanic Shige Shiba work with police Detective Matsui to find further leads on the case. They discover that all the errant Labors, plus other Labors in the Greater Tokyo Area, were installed with the company\'s new Hyper Operating System  software and can be triggered by high-frequency resonance emanating from wind-struck high-rise buildings. To SV2 pilot Noa Izumi\'s relief, no copies of the software were installed in Division II\'s AV98 Ingram police Labors. They also learn that HOS programmer Eiichiro Hoba - who committed suicide days before - was obsessed with the Babylon Project\'s Biblical references  and planted a bug in the code that would cause the Labor to malfunction. A computer simulation predicts that gale-force winds acting on the Ark could send all the Labors in Tokyo into a massive rampage, especially since the Ark\'s size and steel framework helps the resonance reach farther. Worse, the weather bureau announces that a typhoon is expected to hit Tokyo within two days. Gotoh discreetly gets clearance from the MPD leadership to destroy the Ark as Shige tries to dig up more evidence of Hoba\'s guilt to justify the operation. Kanuka Clancy returns from the US to help in the raid. Division II attaches flotation bags to their vehicles and head out to the Ark. Malfunctioning HOS-equipped Labors engage the team as soon as they land on the Ark. Ingram pilots Noa and Ohta, plus Kanuka in a hijacked AV-X0 Type Zero police Labor prototype, buys time for Hiromi, Asuma and Shinshi to break into the control room and activate the Ark\'s self-destruct sequence. However, Kanuka loses control over the Type Zero in the chaos because it runs on HOS as well. Trapped by the Type Zero in one of the last remaining ledges, Noa climbs out of her damaged Ingram and fires her shotgun into the Labor’s P-RAM system to finally shut it down. With the successful destruction of the Ark, SV2 sends choppers to rescue the team.'] ["The year is 2071, a few days before Halloween. An unknown pathogen is being released in the capital city of Mars, and the government has issued a 300 million woolong reward, the largest bounty in history, for the capture of whoever is behind it. The bounty hunter crew of the spaceship Bebop; Spike, Faye, Jet, Ed and Ein, take the case with hopes of cashing in the great bounty. But the mystery surrounding the man responsible, Vincent Volaju, goes deeper than they ever imagined, and they are not the only ones hunting him. The original creators of the pathogen have dispatched an agent named Electra to deal with Vincent, as well as take out anyone who might uncover the truth behind his murderous crusade against the Martian government. As the hunt for the man with no past and no future continues to escalate, the fate of Mars rests with the Bebop crew, a responsibility they aren't so sure they can handle."] ['Libria is governed by the Tetragrammaton Council, which is led by a reclusive figurehead known as "Father" . Father never interacts with anyone directly, but he is seen on giant video screens throughout the city. The Tetragrammaton Council uses the police to enforce conformity. At the pinnacle of Librian law enforcement are the Grammaton Clerics, who are trained in the martial art of gun kata. The Clerics raid the "Nether" region outside the city, where they destroy emotionally stimulating materials such as art, books and music, executing the people hiding them. Despite their efforts, a resistance movement, known as the "Underground", has emerged.  John Preston  is a high ranking Grammaton Cleric and a widower with two children whose wife, Viviana , was executed for "Sense Offense". After a raid, Preston notices his partner, Errol Partridge , taking a book of poems instead of incinerating them. Realizing Partridge is keeping the book, Preston tracks him down and executes him. Before he dies, Partridge says that all the consequences of feeling are a "cost he would pay gladly". The next morning Preston accidentally breaks his daily vial of Prozium, and as he does not have an immediate replacement he begins to experience emotions. Upon gaining replacement vials, he decides against taking them and instead hides them behind the mirror in his bathroom. Preston is partnered with career-conscious Brandt . Together, they arrest Mary O\'Brien , for sense offense. Preston\'s emotional confusion is exacerbated during her interrogation. Without Prozium Preston finds it difficult keeping an emotionless facade in front of his son  and his suspicious partner. Preston forges an emotional connection with O\'Brien and he feels remorse for killing Partridge, especially after he finds out that Partridge and O\'Brien were lovers. He eventually contacts the Resistance and is then summoned before Vice-Counsel DuPont  who reveals there is a traitor in the clerics. DuPont tells him to exterminate the Resistance and to find the traitor. The Resistance convinces him to assassinate Father to start a revolution. They plan to disrupt Prozium production which will then lead to an uprising by the populace. After Preston fails to stop Mary O\'Brien\'s execution he is caught having an emotional breakdown by Brandt, who arrests him and brings him before the Vice-Counsel. After tricking DuPont into believing that Brandt is the real traitor, Preston rushes home to destroy the hidden vials of unused Prozuim, but finds that his son - who reveals that he stopped taking Prozium after his mother died - has already destroyed the unused vials. As planned, the leaders of the Resistance are captured and Preston is granted an exclusive audience with Father. Father actually turns out to be DuPont, who replaced the original Father after his death. Preston goes on a rampage, fighting his way to DuPont\'s office, which is filled with artwork and ornate furniture, all illegal items. It is revealed that Brandt was not arrested but was part of a ruse to expose Preston. It also becomes clear that DuPont does not take Prozium and has been reading poetry. DuPont taunts him, asking Preston how it felt to betray the Underground. Preston kills all of DuPont\'s bodyguards, and defeats Brandt in a katana battle. Preston and DuPont finally fight in a gun kata battle in which Preston wins. DuPont tries to convince Preston to spare him, asking if taking his life is worth the emotion of knowing he killed someone who is "feeling" and knows how beautiful life can be. Preston repeats Partridge\'s last words and announces that he gladly will pay the cost, shooting DuPont in the chest. He then destroys the propaganda communication control systems, freezing all of the indoctrination propaganda everyone had been subjected to all their lives. The Underground blows up the Prozium manufacturing and storage facilities, while scores of rebels successfully attack key points throughout the city. Preston quietly watches the overthrow of the government from DuPont\'s office, holding O\'Brien\'s red ribbon and smiling.'] ["In 2000, a series of unknown attacks on Labors have made two police detectives, Shinichiro Hata and Takeshi Kusumi, investigate these string of events alongside members of the Tokyo Metropolitan Police Department's SV2 unit in solving the case in which the labors that were attacked belong to Schaft Industries. As they begin to unravel the reason behind the attacks, the two detectives find out that the attacks may have something to do with the American military stationed in Japan, as well as elements of the Japanese Ground Self-Defense Forces, coupled with a female scientist involved in a biological weapons program known as Wasted XIII."] ["From an ocean rig, a demented scientist, Krank , kidnaps children to steal their dreams. Among them is the little brother, Denree , of carnival strongman and former Russian sailor One , who sets out to rescue him with the help of a young, orphaned, thieves' guild member named Miette . They delve into the world of a bio-mechanical kidnapping cult and discover the connection between the scientist and the missing Denree. Krank is both aided and hindered by Martha, a diminutive woman; Irving , a talkative brain in a tank; and six identical clones of the genius  who created them all and has been missing for many years. They support the cult with technology as they gather children for Krank's experiments to give him dreams as without the ability he is aging rapidly. Conjoined twins known as the Octopus control the guild of thieves in their robberies but have become distrustful of Miette and hire One to help the children steal a safe. The Octopus believes Miette has been holding out and has deserted to help One. They employ performer Marcello  to ensure Miette pays and One returns to them, and much to his distaste he allows Miette to drown while rescuing One from the cult using a mind control system. Beneath the waters Miette's last sight is that of a deep sea diver who takes her to his lair and catalogues her body. He is revealed to be a delusional paranoid and identical to the clones except older with a beard. An accident revives Miette and she finds One and Marcello both drinking and full of sorrow in a bar. The angered Octopus has a henchman ([[Rufus  dispose of the bumbling Marcello and uses the stolen mind control to turn One against Miette; the smallest of actions has the largest of results in a spectacular chain of events leading to the Octopus' demise instead. When a dream escapes the rig, it plants information in Miette's mind and restores some of the diver's memories, including how he was attacked by Krank and the woman he created as a wife and dropped into the sea. They all converge on the rig with the Genius armed to destroy it and the duo to rescue Denree. Miette is forced to enter a dream world to release Denree from the dream extracting machine as the Genius straps himself and dynamite to the legs of the rig. In the dream world Miette is joined by Krank where she uses her imagination to control the dream and foil him once and for all. One and Miette rescue all the children as the explosions start and the Genius finds papers, finally regaining his memory of who he is as the clones and Irving row away."] ["In the near future, Michael Jennings is a reverse engineer; he analyzes his clients' competitors' technology and recreates it, often adding improvements beyond the original specifications. To protect his clients' intellectual property and himself, Jennings, with the aid of his friend Shorty, undertakes a memory wipe to remove knowledge of his engineering. Jennings is approached by his old college roommate, James Rethrick, the CEO of the successful technology company Allcom. Rethrick proposes a lengthy three-year reverse engineering job to Jennings, requiring him to live on Allcom's secured campus until its conclusion but rewarding him handsomely with company stock. Jennings agrees, and after arranging for his long-term absence, arrives at Allcom, turns in his personal possessions, and is given a brief tour of the facility where he meets and flirts with botanist Dr. Rachel Porter. He is injected with a long-term memory marker for the post-job memory wipe. Three years later, at the conclusion of the memory wipe, Jennings is sitting in Rethrick's office, being thanked for a successful job. On returning home, Jennings finds that while the Allcom stock has become quite valuable , he had signed away his share near the end of his tenure. Furthermore, he finds that his personal possessions have been replaced with an envelope containing a random assortment of everyday items. He is soon captured by the FBI on charges related to the death of physicist William Dekker. Jennings is able to escape custody, finding that the items in the envelope can be used at the right time to evade capture. After warning Shorty of his plight, he finds the items pointing him to a cafe meeting with Porter. Rethrick, who has been watching Jennings' movements, discovers a message to Porter of this meeting and sends a body double to take her place to try to recover the envelope. The real Porter shows up and helps Jennings to escape from both the FBI and Rethrick's men. They take shelter at a local school, examining the remaining items in the envelope while Porter tries to convince Jennings of the relationship they shared during his tenure at Allcom. One of the stamps holds a microdot that, on enlargement, reveals several pictures taken from a machine's display showing Allcom becoming financially successful with a device that can see the future, but ultimately leading to political strife and nuclear war. Jennings realizes he must have built this device using Dekker's knowledge, and on realizing the horrors that will come, prepared the envelope using the forecasts from the machine to allow his future self to return to Allcom and destroy the unit. Furthermore, as Rethrick shortly discovers, Jennings rigged the device to malfunction, preventing Rethrick from anticipating Jennings' actions. Jennings and Porter return to Allcom and make their way to the machine room undetected, jamming the door behind them. Jennings determines the location of the defective circuit and removes it, subsequently rigging the machine to explode in a few minutes. Jennings uses the machine one last time, seeing a vision of himself being shot by an FBI agent in the catwalks above the machine. Soon, Rethrick's men storm the room, and after a brief firefight, Jennings and Porter escape to the catwalks. Rethrick is waiting there, holding them at gunpoint, the same tableau Jennings previously saw. When Jennings' watch, taken from the envelope, beeps, Jennings ducks in time to avoid the FBI agent's bullet which ends up killing Rethrick. The machine is destroyed, and Jennings and Porter escape from the FBI in the chaos. When the FBI agents arrive and investigate, they take sympathy and report Jennings killed in the destruction. In the film's conclusion, Jennings, Porter, and Shorty have opened a greenhouse nursery. Jennings recalls a fortune cookie note from the envelope, and discovers one last act he had done with the machine, predicting the results of a 90 million dollar lottery and leaving the winning ticket in Porter's birdcage."] ['In April 2054, Captain John Anderton  is chief of the highly controversial Washington, D.C., PreCrime police force. They use future visions generated by three "precogs", mutated humans with precognitive abilities, to stop murders; because of this, the city has been murder-free for six years. Though Anderton is a respected member of the force, he is addicted to Neuroin, an illegal psychoactive drug. His addiction started following the disappearance of his son Sean, which also caused his wife Lara to leave him. With the PreCrime force poised to go nationwide, the system is audited by Danny Witwer , a member of the United States Justice Department. During the audit, the precogs predict that Anderton will murder a man named Leo Crow in 36\xa0hours. Believing the incident to be a setup by Witwer, who is aware of Anderton\'s addiction, Anderton attempts to hide the case and quickly departs the area before Witwer begins a manhunt for him. Anderton seeks the advice of Dr. Iris Hineman , the lead researcher of the PreCrime technology. She explains to Anderton that sometimes the three precogs see different visions of the future, in which case the system only provides data on the two reports which agree; the "minority report", reflecting the potential future where a predicted killer would have done something different, is discarded. According to Dr. Hineman, the female precog Agatha is most likely to be the precog that witnesses the minority report. Anderton undergoes a dangerous underground eye replacement to avoid detection by the city\'s optical recognition system. He travels back to PreCrime and kidnaps Agatha , which disables the precogs\' hive mind and shuts down the system. Anderton takes Agatha to a shopping mall, and a hacker, who extracts both Agatha\'s vision of Crow\'s murder&mdash;with no differences from the other two precogs, so there was no minority report&mdash;and another of the murder of a woman named Anne Lively&mdash;which Agatha also showed to Anderton the day before he was incriminated. Anderton and Agatha then head to the apartment where Crow is to be killed. Inside, Anderton finds hundreds of pictures of children, one of which is of his son, and concludes that Crow is responsible for Sean\'s disappearance. When Crow arrives, Anderton holds him at gunpoint, but ultimately decides to control his anger and places Crow under arrest instead. Crow admits that he was hired to plant these photos and then be killed, so his family would be paid handsomely. Since Anderton refuses to kill him, Crow grabs the officer\'s hand and makes him fire at point-blank range, effectively committing suicide by cop. On the run, Anderton and Agatha approach his ex-wife Lara for refuge. Anderton learns Lively was Agatha\'s former drug-addicted mother, once before a target of a failed murder attempt after requesting to see her daughter before her death. Anderton realizes that his knowledge of the Lively case is why he is being targeted. Meanwhile, Witwer assesses Crow\'s "murder" and doubts that Anderton killed him in cold blood. He comes to recognize that the archival footage of Lively\'s murder shows what appears to be a future echo by one of the visions, routinely discarded by PreCrime, which he realizes is a different murder as nearby water is rippling in a different direction from the original PreCrime vision. He suspects someone used this to stage the first murder attempt, and then recreated the setting to actually kill Lively and avoid being detected by PreCrime. Witwer realizes that the murderer would had to have been someone high up in PreCrime to have access to the vision, and reports these findings to PreCrime\'s Director Lamar Burgess . Burgess, noting that the PreCrime division is currently disabled due to Agatha\'s absence, kills Witwer and frames Anderton for that murder as well. The PreCrime unit eventually captures Anderton and restores Agatha to the system. Burgess attempts to comfort Lara, but accidentally reveals that he was the one that killed Lively. Lara acts on this information and frees Anderton at gunpoint. At a banquet to celebrate the success of the PreCrime unit attended by Burgess, Anderton plays back Agatha\'s vision of Lively\'s murder for the gathered crowd, which shows Burgess as the murderer. While Burgess begins to hunt down Anderton, a new PreCrime report is created: Anderton is the victim and Burgess, the murderer. When Burgess catches up to Anderton, Anderton explains the impossible situation: if Burgess kills Anderton, he proves the system works but at the cost of a life sentence, while if he does not, the system will not have worked and the PreCrime division will be shut down. Anderton explains the fundamental flaw in the system: if one knows his or her future, he or she can change it. Burgess resolves the dilemma by killing himself. The PreCrime program is shut down and the prisoners are unconditionally pardoned and released, though police departments keep watch on many of them. Anderton and Lara remarry and start a new family. The precogs are sent to an "undisclosed location", a small uncharted island in the North Atlantic Ocean to live out a full happy life in peace.'] ['In "the not-too-distant future", liberal eugenics is common and DNA plays the primary role in determining social class. Vincent Freeman is conceived and born without the aid of this technology. He has a high probability of developing mental disorders, is myopic, has a heart defect, and his projected life expectancy is only 30.2 years. His parents initially placed their faith in natural conception and now regret it; Vincent\'s younger brother, Anton, is conceived with the aid of genetic selection. Anton surpasses his older brother in many aspects including a game that they call "chicken": both swim out to sea, and the first to give up and swim back to shore is the loser. Anton always wins due to his superior physical stamina. Vincent dreams of a career in space but is constantly reminded of his genetic inferiority. Later as young adults Vincent challenges Anton to the game of chicken. This time it is Vincent who pulls ahead while Anton runs into trouble and begins to drown. Vincent saves him, then leaves home shortly thereafter. Due to frequent screening, Vincent faces genetic discrimination and prejudice. The only way he can achieve his dream of becoming an astronaut is to become a "borrowed ladder", a person who impersonates a "valid" with a superior genetic profile. He assumes the identity of Jerome Eugene Morrow, a former swimming star with a genetic profile "second to none", who had been injured in a car accident, leaving him paralyzed from the waist down. Vincent "buys" Jerome\'s identity and uses his "valid" DNA in blood, hair, tissue, and urine samples to pass screening. To keep his identity hidden, he must meticulously groom and scrub down daily to remove his own genetic material and then dust himself with Jerome\'s. Vincent gets accepted into Gattaca, with a DNA test being the entire interview process. With Jerome\'s genetic profile Vincent gains access to the Gattaca Aerospace Corporation, the most prestigious spaceflight conglomerate. He becomes Gattaca\'s top celestial navigator and is selected for a manned spaceflight to Saturn\'s moon Titan. A week before Vincent is to leave on the one-year mission, one of Gattaca\'s administrators is found bludgeoned to death in his office. Police discover an eyelash of the real Vincent on the premises, making him the prime suspect. A paper cup used by Vincent is also found after he gave it to Caesar the cleaner. Vincent must evade increasing security measures as his launch date approaches. Simultaneously, he becomes close to one of his co-workers, Irene Cassini. Although she is a "valid", Irene knows she will only ever be picked for lesser missions due to slightly elevated risk of heart failure. Romantically attracted to Vincent, she clandestinely has his DNA analyzed. The results confirm that he is out of her league, leaving her wistful, but Vincent makes it plain that he does not care about her genetics. Jerome  also suffers from the burden of his genetic perfection; when he won only a silver medal in a high-profile competition, he became increasingly depressed. While intoxicated, Jerome confesses that he did not have a car accident, but rather, had attempted suicide by jumping in front of a car, but only paralyzed himself from the waist down. After numerous close calls, Vincent\'s identity is revealed to a shocked Irene. Yet Irene comes to see Vincent for who he is and accepts him. The murder investigation abruptly comes to a close with Mission Director Josef under arrest. The director reveals that he murdered the administrator because the victim was trying to cancel the Titan mission. As Vincent appears to be in the clear he is confronted by the youthful chief detective, who is revealed to be Anton. Anton accuses Vincent of fraud and asserts that Vincent is unworthy of his place at Gattaca. Vincent reminds Anton of how he has made it thus far solo and that it was Anton who needed saving before, not himself. Having rationalized the competition he lost, Anton challenges Vincent again. They swim out, but as before, Anton turns back first and Vincent must rescue him from drowning. When Anton asks how he did it, Vincent explains that he did it by never saving anything for the swim back. As the day of the launch arrives, Jerome bids Vincent farewell. He reveals that he has stored enough genetic samples to last Vincent two lifetimes. Overwhelmed and grateful, Vincent thanks Jerome, but Jerome replies that it is he who should be grateful, since Vincent lent Jerome his dreams. Jerome gives Vincent a card but asks him not to open it until he reaches space. As Vincent moves through the Gattaca complex to the launch site, he is stopped for an unexpected last urine test. Vincent has not brought Jerome\'s fluids as he assumed there would be no more tests. The urine analysis uncovers Vincent\'s identity. However, the unperturbed Dr. Lamar, who for years has been asking Vincent during physical exams if he ever told Vincent the story of his own son, once again asks and this time goes on to tell it: His son admires Vincent and wants to be an astronaut despite a genetic defect that would rule him out. Lamar resets the test result, and tells Vincent to make his flight. Jerome climbs inside his home incinerator, puts on his silver medal and lights the fire. The rocket lifts off with Vincent, and he opens the card from Jerome to find no words—just a hair sample. He is saddened to leave, despite never having a place in the world. He muses, "They say every atom in our bodies was once a part of a star. Maybe I\'m not leaving; maybe I\'m going home."'] ['America has lost the war on drugs. Substance D, a powerful drug causing bizarre hallucinations, has swept the country. In response, the government develops an invasive, high-tech surveillance system and a network of undercover informants. Bob Arctor is a detective assigned to immerse himself in the drugs underworld and infiltrate the supply chain. Arctor and his housemates, Luckman and Barris, live in a run-down suburban house in Anaheim. They pass their days taking drugs and having long, paranoiac conversations. At the police station, Arctor is codenamed Fred and maintains privacy by wearing a "scramble suit" that constantly changes every aspect of his appearance. Arctor\'s senior officer Hank, and all other undercover officers, also wear scramble suits. Whilst undercover, Arctor becomes addicted to Substance D. Arctor also befriends a cocaine addict named Donna; she is Arctor\'s supplier. Arctor hopes to purchase large enough quantities of Substance D from Donna that she is forced to introduce him to her own supplier, but he also develops romantic feelings towards her. Donna rejects Arctor\'s sexual advances, and Barris questions the nature of their relationship. Hank orders Fred to step up surveillance on the group. Hank suggests that Fred concentrate his surveillance on the suspected ringleader, Arctor, thereby ordering him to spy on himself. Meanwhile, the justified paranoia of Arctor\'s housemates reaches extreme levels, and he becomes wrapped up in their concerns. Barris secretly contacts the police and tells them he suspects Donna and Arctor of being terrorists; he unknowingly conveys this information to Arctor at the police station, in his scramble-suited role of Detective Fred. Arctor\'s prolonged use of Substance D damages his brain, causing him increasingly to lose track of his identity, and the fact that "Fred" and Arctor are the same person. After Barris supplies the police with a faked recording allegedly proving his claims about Donna and Arctor, Hank orders that Barris be held on charges of providing false information. After Barris\'s arrest, Hank reveals to Fred that he has deduced his true identity by a process of elimination. "Fred" is surprised to learn that he is really Arctor, and becomes disoriented. Hank informs him that the real purpose of the surveillance was to catch Barris, not Arctor; the police suspected Barris of being involved in the Substance D supply chain, and were deliberately increasing his paranoia until he attempted to cover his tracks. Hank reprimands Arctor for becoming addicted to Substance D, and warns him that he will be disciplined. As Arctor undergoes a mental breakdown in the office, Hank phones Donna and asks her to take Arctor to New Path, a corporation that runs a series of rehabilitation clinics. After Arctor leaves the office, Hank enters the locker room and removes his scramble suit, revealing his true identity to the audience—Donna. At New Path, Arctor experiences the symptoms of Substance D withdrawal, including more severe brain damage. Some time later Donna, whose real name is Audrey, converses with a fellow police officer, and the audience learns that New Path is responsible for the manufacture and distribution of Substance D; ironically they use victims of the drug to tend their crops, since  they can be trusted not to reveal New Path\'s secret. Audrey and Mike are part of a police operation to infiltrate New Path, and Arctor was selected—without his knowledge—to carry out the sting. The police had intended for Arctor to become addicted to Substance D; his health was sacrificed so that he might enter a rehabilitation center unnoticed as a genuine addict. They debate whether enough of Arctor\'s mind will recover that he grasps the situation and returns with evidence. New Path sends Arctor to work at an isolated New Path farming prison, where he spots rows of blue flowers hidden between rows of corn. These flowers, referenced throughout the film, are the source of Substance D. As the film ends, Arctor hides a blue flower in his boot, so that when he returns to the New Path clinic during Thanksgiving he can give it to his friends.'] ['In the mid 22nd century, severe global warming has flooded coastlines, and a drastic reduction of the human population has occurred. There is a new class of robots called Mecha, advanced humanoids capable of emulating thoughts and emotions. David , a prototype model created by Cybertronics of New Jersey, is designed to resemble a human child and to display love for its human owners. They test their creation with one of their employees, Henry Swinton , and his wife Monica . The Swintons\' son, Martin , was placed in suspended animation until a cure can be found for his rare disease. Although Monica is initially frightened of David, she eventually warms to him after activating his imprinting protocol, which irreversibly causes David to project love for her, the same as any child would love a parent. He is also befriended by Teddy , a robotic teddy bear, who takes it upon himself to care for David\'s well being. A cure is found for Martin and he is brought home; a sibling rivalry ensues between Martin and David. Martin convinces David to go to Monica in the middle of the night and cut off a lock of her hair, but the parents wake up and are very upset. At a pool party, one of Martin\'s friends activates David\'s self-protection programming by poking him with a knife. David clings to Martin and they both fall into the pool, where the heavy David sinks to the bottom while still clinging to Martin. Martin is saved from drowning, but Henry in particular is shocked by David\'s actions, becoming concerned that David\'s capacity for love has also given him the ability to hate. Henry persuades Monica to return David to Cybertronics, where David will be destroyed. However, Monica cannot bring herself to do this, and instead abandons David in the forest  to hide as an unregistered Mecha. David is captured for an anti-Mecha Flesh Fair, an event where obsolete Mecha are destroyed in front of cheering crowds. David is nearly killed, but the crowd is swayed by his realistic nature  and he escapes, along with Gigolo Joe , a male prostitute Mecha on the run after being framed for murder. The two set out to find the Blue Fairy, whom David remembers from the story The Adventures of Pinocchio. He is convinced that the Blue Fairy will transform him into a human boy, allowing Monica to love him and take him home. Joe and David make their way to Rouge City. Information from a holographic answer engine called "Dr. Know"  eventually leads them to the top of Rockefeller Center in partially underwater Manhattan. They fly to New York via a flying submersible vehicle called an amphibicopter they stole from the police, who are still chasing Joe. David meets his human creator, Professor Hobby , who excitedly tells David that finding him was a test, which has demonstrated the reality of his love and desire. It also becomes clear that many copies of David are already being manufactured, along with female versions. David sadly realizes he is not unique. A disheartened David attempts to commit suicide by falling from a ledge into the ocean, but Joe rescues him with the amphibicopter. David tells Joe he saw the Blue Fairy underwater, and wants to go down to her. At that moment, Joe is captured by the authorities with the use of an electromagnet. David and Teddy take the amphibicopter to the fairy, which turns out to be a statue from a submerged attraction at Coney Island. Teddy and David become trapped when the Wonder Wheel falls on their vehicle. Believing the Blue Fairy to be real, David asks to be turned into a real boy, repeating his wish without end, until the ocean freezes in another ice age and his internal power source drains away. Two thousand years later, humans are extinct and Manhattan is buried under several hundred feet of glacial ice.{{cite news|authorQ&A: Steven Spielberg |work2007-12-02 |url4 |accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20080104023819/http://www.vanityfair.com/culture/features/2008/02/spielberg_qanda200802?currentPage 4 January 2008 | deadurlFAQ/> They find David and Teddy and discover they are functional Mecha who knew living humans, making them special and unique. David is revived and walks to the frozen Blue Fairy statue, which cracks and collapses as he touches it. Having received and comprehended his memories, the advanced Mecha use them to reconstruct the Swinton home and explain to David via an interactive image of the Blue Fairy  that it is impossible to make him human. However, at David\'s insistence, they recreate Monica from DNA in the lock of her hair which had been saved by Teddy. Unfortunately, the clone can only live for a single day and the process cannot be repeated. David spends the happiest day of his life with Monica and Teddy, and Monica tells David that she loves him and has always loved him as she drifts to sleep for the final time. David lies down next to her, closes his eyes and goes "to that place where dreams are born". Teddy enters the scene, climbs onto the bed and watches as David and Monica lie down peacefully together.'] ['The film opens with scenes establishing the kidnapping of 22-year-old scientist Ilona Tastuiev, who works for the megacorporation Avalon. The focus transitions to police captain Barthélémy Karas, as he defuses a hostage situation by killing the hostage-takers. Karas is soon after charged with solving the mystery of the disappearance of Ilona. Karas begins by contacting Dr. Jonas Muller, a former Avalon scientist familiar with Ilona. Muller had been working to cure progeria, which his brother was suffering from. Muller worked for Avalon as their top scientist but left after he failed to cure his brother. He took up new work at a free clinic. After Karas probes Jonas he finds that "No one ever leaves Avalon", throwing the corporation under suspicion. Karas leaves to visit one of Avalon\'s CEOs and questions him about Ilona\'s disappearance, suggesting that he may have been sleeping with her, to which the CEO replies "I sleep with my wife, I sleep with my secretary, I even sleep with my sister-in-law but I would never sleep with one of my researchers". After following a series of dead leads, Karas finds Illona\'s car travelling on the road. He captures the driver, one of the henchmen of Farfella, an Arab Muslim mobster and a childhood friend of Karas in the casbah. In return Farfella gives him a footage of Illona\'s car initially being stolen by an incredibly old man. Karas turns to Ilona\'s sister, Bislane. He asks her to break into the Avalon archives as she is currently employed there, and Bislane discovers that a Dr. Nakata worked with Muller and that their quest to find a cure failed when some of the children they were testing on started to mutate, causing them to destroy all evidence of their work. Once they escape from Avalon security, Karas opens up to Bislane and tells her that he and Farfella were raised on the streets and seemed to work with gangs. After a mission went wrong they ended up in a prison cell with Farfella escaping leaving Karas to the mercy of the other gang members. Karas then puts Bislane under false arrest to protect her from Avalon. As this occurs, Ilona is shown confined in a cyber ball, with the old man controlling what she sees. Dr. Muller tells Karas that Ilona found the secret to eternal life  and he couldn\'t let Avalon have it, revealing why he kidnapped her. Muller is mistakenly shot by the police when Karas confronts him. It is revealed that the old man is Jonas\'s younger brother, now immortal but trapped in an old man\'s body. Karas is eventually shot after he rescues Ilona; she refuses to take the fake passport to start a new life, wanting to live forever with her discover. Karas is then forced to shoot her with the CEO watching on CCTV cameras. As Karas is mortally injured from his gunshot wound, he imagines himself apologizing to Bislane for killing her sister, for which she forgives him. It then cuts to Jonas\'s little brother now living as a tramp, throwing his picture of him and his brother together in a burning bin. The last scene shows an advert for Avalon with an old woman becoming young again saying, "With Avalon, I know I\'m beautiful and I\'m going to stay that way."'] 