['Jimmy "The Saint" Tosnia  is a dapper ex-gangster living in Denver. Once known as "the bitch\'s bastard" in Denver\'s crime scene, Jimmy has left the criminal world, attempting to "go straight" with his business "Afterlife Advice", where dying people videotape messages for loved ones. Jimmy\'s business isn\'t doing well and he is in debt to a local loan shark known as "New Orleans Sal." What Jimmy doesn\'t know is that his former boss, the local crime lord known as "The Man With the Plan"  has bought up his debt in order to command a favor from him. In exchange for forgiving Jimmy\'s debt, The Man With The Plan wants Jimmy to lead a crew on one last job. The Man With The Plan was rendered a quadriplegic some years ago in the wake of a failed attempt on his life. Left bitter and immobilized, The Man With The Plan is interested in helping his son, Bernard, a burgeoning pedophile who is still in love with an ex-girlfriend. The Man With The Plan believes that Bernard will be able to resume a relationship with this woman once her new boyfriend is out of the picture, and wants Jimmy to lead a crew in scaring off the man. They are to beat him up so that he dumps Bernard\'s ex. Initially reluctant, Jimmy takes the job when The Man With The Plan bribes and threatens him. Jimmy puts together a team made up of several old acquaintances from his criminal days, many of whom have also tried to leave the criminal life, with generally less than satisfying results. This team includes Franchise ([[William Forsythe , a grizzled biker, Easy Wind , an easy-going African American, and Pieces , a projectionist who has an unidentified disease which causes his digits to fall off. The last member of the team is Critical Bill , who works in a mortuary where he uses corpses as punching bags in order to "keep my powder dry." The plan is to have Pieces and Critical Bill pose as Denver police officers. They will pull their target over on the highway and, under the pretext of some sort of traffic violation, take him to a waiting trailer where Jimmy and Franchise will administer a beating. The plan begins to go wrong when their target turns out to be more observant and spirited than anticipated. He immediately becomes suspicious of Pieces and Bill\'s identity as police officers and begins to ridicule them. This enrages Critical Bill, who pulls out a knife and stabs the man in the throat. At this point, the commotion rouses Bernard\'s ex-girlfriend, who had been sleeping in the back of the target\'s van. She comes out and screams when she sees her boyfriend\'s dead body. Startled, Pieces shoots her dead with a handgun. The group realizes that they are in a terrible spot. What was supposed to have been a simple beating has ended up with them having two dead bodies on their hands, one of them someone looked on fondly by The Man With The Plan. They dispose of the bodies and Jimmy goes to see their employer. The Man With The Plan is furious at the outcome of their botched mission. He informs Jimmy that out of consideration for their past relationship he will allow him to live. However, the other members of the team have been sentenced to "buckwheats", which in the slang of the film means assassination in a particularly gruesome and painful manner . The group comes to terms with their own impending deaths as they are stalked by a mild-mannered, yet deadly hitman known as Mr. Shhh . Pieces accepts his fate, to which Shhh provides a quick death. Easy Wind goes into hiding with a gang lord named Baby Sinister , but is given up after Shhh infiltrates and kills most of Sinister\'s entourage. Franchise attempts to flee with his family but is killed. Shhh finally locates a shut in Critical Bill, but is ambushed in Bill\'s home and the two kill each other. In the wake of Mr. Shhh\'s death the contract falls to a trio of Mexican brothers, who attempt to track down Jimmy. In his last days, Jimmy says goodbye to a woman Dagney , he had fallen in love with. Knowing that he will most likely be killed, he murders Bernard for all the misery he indirectly brought upon the group. He also has sex with Lucinda , a prostitute with whom he has long been acquainted, in order to fulfill her wish of having a baby. As he narrates in an Afterlife Advice video that he leaves as a farewell message for his unborn child, Jimmy realized that the only way he could exact revenge on The Man With The Plan is through his son. The trio of killers catch up to Jimmy but he takes his death with grace. The man who had been narrating Jimmy\'s tale notes that while he died he still beat The Man With The Plan as he took away his only legacy; as such the crime boss never made another criminal act as he was completely broken. In the end, Jimmy and his dead friends are shown on a boat in the ocean, happily having "boat drinks".'] ["Hitman Joe goes to Bangkok for a month-long assignment, to kill four people for Bangkok ganglord Surat. He hires pickpocket Kong as his go-between, a condition of the contract being that the gang will never meet Joe. Contracts from the Bangkok gangsters go through Kong via a nightclub dancer, Aom, who becomes romantically involved with Kong. Joe's first execution is done in traffic with him riding a bike and stopping in front of the car. He then shoots the target with a machine pistol. Originally he plans to kill Kong before he leaves but after Kong gives him information about the second target he begins to train Kong. His second target is a gangster/sexual predator who buys young girls from the North from their parents and sells them for sex. Joe sneaks into the penthouse and kills the target by drowning him in the pool. Before the third kill the gang attempt to identify Joe & he warns them off. For the third execution Kong assists Joe, the kill does not go as planned, with the target nearly getting away before Joe catches him and shoots him after a chase in front of many shocked onlookers. His fourth target is the Prime Minister of Thailand. Joe is about to make the kill when he has second thoughts, is spotted, and escapes through a panicking crowd. Joe is now a target and is attacked at his house by four gang members. He manages to use explosives to take them out and is faced with the choice of rescuing Kong or leaving the country unharmed. Joe decides to rescue Kong, so he sets off to the gang's headquarters with one of the half-alive attackers. Joe goes to the gang's headquarters, kills most of the gang and saves Kong and Aom. The fearful gang leader flees to his car with three other accomplices. Joe spots him and shoots the gang members. Joe gets into the back seat with Surat, the gang leader. As the police arrive at the location, Joe realises he has only one bullet. He puts his head adjacent to Surat's, puts the gun up to his temple and pulls the trigger, killing himself and Surat."] ['Crime boss Little John Sarto  retires suddenly, giving leadership of his gang to Jack Buck , while he leaves for a tour of Europe to acquire "class". However, Sarto is repeatedly swindled and finally loses all his money. He decides to return home and take back his gang, as if nothing has changed after five years, but Buck has him thrown out of his office. The only ones who remain loyal to Sarto are his girlfriend Flo Addams  and Willie "the Knife" Corson . Sarto raises a new gang and starts encroaching on Buck\'s territory. When Flo tries to get Buck to reconcile with Sarto, Buck sees his chance. He agrees, getting Flo to lure Sarto to a tavern without telling him why. Flo is not totally fooled; she brings along a strong, good-natured admirer, mid-western rancher Clarence P. Fletcher , just in case, but he is knocked out by Buck\'s men. Sarto is taken for a ride, believing Flo has double crossed him. Sarto escapes, but is shot several times. He manages to make his way to the Floracian monastery, run by Brother Superior . Finding it a good place to hide out, Sarto signs up as a novice, naming himself "Brother Orchid". At first, he treats it as a joke, calling the monks the "biggest chumps in the world", but the kindness and simple life of the brothers begins to change his opinion. Then Sarto sees a newspaper announcement that Flo is going to marry Clarence. He rides into the city with Brother Superior when he goes to sell the flowers that provide the monastery\'s meager income. After Flo gets over the shock of seeing Sarto alive, she proves she did not betray him and agrees to break up with Clarence. Sarto breaks the news to Brother Superior that he is leaving, but then learns that the flowers have not been sold. The "protective association" run by Buck bans flower growers that do not pay for its services. Buck is hiding out from the police, but Sarto has a good idea where he is. Reinforced by Clarence and some of his friends from Montana, Sarto pays a visit to the association and a brawl breaks out. When the police arrive, Sarto presents them with Buck and his men. Then, he gives up Flo to Clarence and returns to the monastery, where he has finally found "real class".'] ["George , recently released from prison, is given a cushy job as the driver for a high-class prostitute named Simone  by his former boss, Denny Mortwell . As George and Simone find out more about each other, they form a friendship despite possibly conflicting incentives. Central to this theme is Mortwell's wish for George to find out as much as he can about one of Simone's 'regulars', a wealthy businessman seen with Mortwell on one occasion. George then helps Simone in her quest to find an abused friend from her murky past, and this leads to a violent resolution in the seedy underworld."] ["Mobster Tony Thick  is expecting $5 million in cash to be delivered by Lenny Long  from Los Angeles. Lenny is a mule for the mob and he's gone missing with the cash - is he dead? No one knows. When Lenny is a no show, Thick sends Shady  to L.A. to look for the missing cash. Shady has no idea of the crazies he's going to run into. Shady meets Lenny's baby-desperate wife Sally , his ditsy mistress Eve , his muscle-headed brother Louis , his quirky neurosurgeon Dr. Hooker ([[John Heard  and a crew of other nut jobs all looking for the missing cash. When Lenny finally shows up in a San Bernardino Hospital in an on-again/off-again coma everything is turned upside down and everyone is on the chase for their share of the cash."] ['The film follows the story of Sean Crawley ([[Chris McKenna , a struggling young man trying to make ends meet by painting houses in suburban Los Angeles. One day, Sean meets "Duke" Wayne , who introduces Sean to his boss, a shady developer named Ray Matthews . Ray hires Sean as a spy, and orders him to follow Eric Gatley , an accountant who has been investigating Ray\'s company. Problems start when Ray, while drunk, offers Sean $13,000 to kill Eric. Sean accepts his offer and, although ambivalent, ends up killing Gatley by breaking into his house and beating him to death. When Sean goes to collect his pay, however, he is double-crossed and when he insists that they pay him, he is kidnapped and taken to Ray\'s secluded farm. It emerges that Matthews never had any intention of paying Sean for the killing, for he only wanted to use and eliminate him. But Sean survives from having a bullet put in his head then reveals that he had taken Gatley\'s work file of evidence and hidden it along with his documentation of events leading to the murder. When torture fails to make him disclose the whereabouts of the file, Sean is then brutally beaten about the head with golf clubs many times by Ray and his henchmen daily for weeks, in an effort to destroy his memory. After suffering a heavy amount of trauma, Sean escapes, killing Duke, and finds his way to a downtown homeless shelter where Gatley\'s widow, Susan , takes him under her wing, oblivious to his role in her personal tragedy. After she nurses him back to normal, he feels he has been reborn and they become lovers and he moves into her house. But after a few weeks, Susan finds his file describing the murder and, enraged, physically attacks him. Defending himself, Sean accidentally kills her. Having lost what he saw as his redemption and rebirth, more angry and cynical than ever, Sean returns to Ray\'s farm and methodically and ruthlessly exacts revenge on his captors; having arrived before Ray, he finds Duke\'s body and decapitates it, removing the wounds that would implicate his involvement. While waiting for Ray, Sean burns Duke\'s head in a fire pit along with pictures of Susan, exclaiming that if it wasn\'t for him and his friends he could have had a happy life. He hides in the house while Ray\'s henchmen search for him. Sean jumps Carl upstairs and hits him in the chest with a sledgehammer and kicks him down the stairs, Carl lies on the floor unable to move from internal bleeding. Beckett comes into the house to find Carl, when Sean breaks his leg and hits his back, paralyzing him. With the two henchmen unable to move, he moves on to Ray, dousing him in gasoline and setting him on fire, he returns to the house to deal with the wounded Carl and Beckett, begging him for medical assistance and asking why. Sean simply replies asking if there needs to be a reason for his revenge. Sean turns the stove on and leaves the house, he changes Ray\'s shoes to make it appear that the trio were working on the house when an accident occurs. Sean lights one of Ray\'s shoes on fire and throws it in the house, Beckett and Carl scream and cry as Sean walks away from the house before it explodes, and the screen fades to black. The title of the film refers to an episode after the murder, when Sean and Duke are at the zoo and Duke is musing about the game of deciding which animal most closely resembles a person, not physically, but on a deeper level. After roughing Sean up to discourage him from pursuing his quest for payment, he disparagingly remarks that he\'s found which animal resembles Sean: an ant.'] ['The film opens some time after the original film with Tonny serving out his last day of a prison sentence. His cell-mate delivers a monologue advising Tonny to conquer his fear. He then reminds Tonny that he owes him money, but has chosen to give him more time out of respect for Tonny\'s father, the Duke, a vicious gangster. Upon his release, Tonny visits his father\'s chop shop seeking employment. The Duke has a younger son from a different mother now, and receives Tonny coldly, but he ultimately allows Tonny to work for him on a trial basis. Tonny steals a Ferrari in an effort to impress his father, but the car is too dangerous to keep and the Duke berates Tonny mercilessly for his lack of responsibility. While hanging out with his friend Ø, Tonny learns that he has a child with a local prostitute, Charlotte. Charlotte has raised the child by herself so far and demands that Tonny start paying her child support. Tonny makes empty promises to pay, but soon comes to care for the child. Meanwhile, Tonny successfully participates in a car heist, but is forced to ride in the trunk of the escape car because there are no seats left. On the side, Tonny helps a local pimp and hoodlum, "Kurt the Cunt", make a heroin deal with Milo, the drug lord from the first movie. When one of Milo\'s thugs arrives late, a spooked Kurt flushes the heroin down the toilet and blows the deal. Kurt convinces Tonny to help buy him a gun and shoot him in the arm to convince Kurt\'s backers that he was robbed. While visiting with Charlotte and his son, Tonny learns how to change his son\'s diaper. Ø watches and reveals that he is about to marry his girlfriend Gry and have a child of his own. At Ø\'s wedding reception, the Duke delivers a toast telling Ø that he thinks of him as a son, and then chides Tonny. Tonny gets drunk and becomes angry as he watches Charlotte snort cocaine with Gry in the club\'s kitchen and neglect their child. He insists that she take the baby home, but she refuses by berating and humiliating Tonny. Enraged, Tonny strangles Charlotte before several men pull him away. Realizing that he has once again made a fool of himself, Tonny leaves the party and meets Kurt, who is lingering outside. Kurt convinces Tonny to help him smash up his apartment to further support their story. In return Kurt promises to put in a good word for Tonny with the Duke. After Kurt kills a prostitute that emerges from his bedroom, Tonny tries to leave. Kurt reveals that his financial backer is the Duke and that he has lied so that Tonny will share in Kurt\'s debt. Tonny visits his father to find a way to reconcile and pay off his debt. After learning that the Duke\'s ex-wife Jeanette is trying to take custody of his young son, Tonny volunteers to intimidate her into dropping the suit. The Duke insists that Tonny kill her, and he agrees. Tonny visits Jeanette at Kurt\'s brothel, where she works, but he cannot go through with the murder. After returning and admitting his failure, the Duke berates him savagely. Tonny snaps and stabs the Duke to death. He flees and goes looking for Ø, but instead finds Gry and Charlotte getting high. They deride Tonny and then leave the baby unattended. Tonny steals the child along with some money from Gry\'s purse and gets on a bus, fleeing the city. The film ends with a shot of the tattoo on the back of Tonny\'s head reading: Respect.'] ['The film tells the story of a mob hit man  and hit woman  who fall in love, even though they have been hired to kill each other.'] ['Yoshioka, an experienced detective, investigates the murder of an unknown woman in a red dress. She was drowned on the Tokyo waterfront, but an autopsy reveals that her stomach is full of seawater. Moreover, all the clues he finds relate to himself: A button found at the murder scene matches one that is missing from his own coat, and fingerprints found match his own. Yoshioka realizes that the only viable suspect is himself; but he doesn’t remember a thing. A ghost in a red dress soon starts appearing to him. As these apparitions become more intense and bizarre, similar murders occur with people killing loved ones for small infractions. All the perpetrators are found by Yoshioka as he searches for clues about the original murder. Eventually the drowned woman is identified. Yoshioka visits her parents, only to find she had a boyfriend who was extorting her parents, who happens to visit the house at the same time. He quickly confesses to the crime. Yoshioka is visited by the ghost again who reveals that she is not the murdered woman, but a ghost of a woman whom he saw in the window of an asylum fifteen years ago who has died. All of the murderers took the ferry past the same asylum. Yoshioka sends his girlfriend away, afraid of what he might do to her. He goes to the asylum, where the woman in red agrees to forgive him for not helping her 15 years ago. He goes home, only to discover that he murdered his girlfriend 6 months ago. Going insane, he tries to forget. He collects the bones, and goes to the asylum to pick up the ghost\'s bones. His partner arrives at his apartment like the bowl of water, which was used to commit the murder, empty as the ghost menaces him in the background. An earthquake occurs as the bowl is refilled. The ghost suddenly appears and drags him into the bowl. The film ends with Yoshioka walking in the street holding a bag containing his girlfriend\'s and the ghost\'s bones, with the ghost repeatedly saying "I am dead" and "Please, I want everyone to die too".'] ['Pepe Le Moko  is a notorious thief, who escaped from France after his last great heist to Algeria. Since his escape, Moko became a resident and leader of the immense Casbah, or "native quarter," of Algiers. French officials arrive insisting on Pepe\'s capture are met with unfazed local detectives, led by Inspector Slimane , who are biding their time. Meanwhile, Pepe begins to feel increasingly trapped in his prison-like stronghold, a feeling which intensifies after meeting the beautiful Gaby , who is visiting from France. His love for Gaby soon arouses the jealousy of Ines , Pepe\'s Algerian mistress.'] ['{{Incomplete}} Picking up where the original left off, narcotics officer Jimmy "Popeye" Doyle  is still searching for the elusive drug kingpin Alain Charnier . Orders from the captain send Doyle to Marseille, France, to track down the criminal mastermind and bust his drug ring. Once in France, Doyle is met by Inspector Henri Barthélémy , who resents his rude and crude crimefighting demeanor. Doyle then begins to find himself as a fish out of water in France, where he is matched with a language he cannot understand. Doyle is shown round the police station where he finds his desk is situated directly outside the gents toilets. He tells Barthélémy that he is not satisfied with this positioning and hopes it is not a joke at his expense. Barthélémy informs Doyle that he has read his \'file\' and is aware of his reputation in USA and especially hopes he has not brought a gun with him as it is strictly forbidden in France for visiting police officers from other countries to carry firearms. Doyle continues to struggle with the language and tries to order drinks in a bar. He eventually makes himself understood, befriending the barman in a local bar buying him drinks and they eventually stumble out of the bar together at closing time. Determined to find Charnier on his own, Popeye escapes his French escorts. While watching a beach volleyball match Charnier \'makes\' him as he is situated in a restaurant below. Charnier sends his henchmen to follow Doyle through the town and after a short game of cat and mouse they capture him and take him to a nearby hotel for interrogation. For several weeks, Doyle is injected with heroin in effort to force him into capitulation. Scenes of his growing addiction follow, including one in which when an elderly lady visits him in his befuddled state. She talks to him, declaring herself to be English, and how her son is "just like" him, while stroking his arm. Initially she seems compassionate to his plight, but a change in the camera angle reveals her \'track\' marks and that she is slowly removing his expensive-looking watch. Barthélémy has sent police to search for Doyle and as the raids close in on where Doyle is detained, he is dumped barely alive but addicted in front of police headquarters. Gritty scenes of resuscitation and drug reversal follow. In effort to save both his life and his reputation, Barthélémy immediately quarantines the abused and humiliated Doyle in the police cells and begins a long and agonizing cold turkey withdrawal from the heroin. Supervising his cure, and at his side with both emotional support and taunts questioning his toughness, Barthélemy ensures Doyle completes the cycle of physical withdrawal. When at length, well enough to be on his feet, Doyle starts back on the road to regaining his physical fitness. He searches Marseillles and finds the hideout/drug warehouse he was brought to  and sets it on fire. Doyle breaks into a room at the hotel and finds Charnier\'s henchmen whom he interrogates as to the whereabouts of Charnier. Doyle is joined by Barthelemy and other inspectors. The raid on Charnier and his henchmen is successful, but Charnier escapes. Doyle, in an epic foot chase of Charnier sailing out of Marseille Harbor on his yacht, takes his gun out, calls his name, and finally shoots Charnier dead.'] ['The film follows the personal relationship between a father  and his two sons , one of whom is a hit-man for the Jewish-Russian mafia in Brooklyn.'] ["{{Plot}} In 1967, Hong Kong, Ben, Paul, and Frank are childhood friends. They engage in all kinds of activities from racing bikes through the crowded city, to fighting other gangs. One day, Ben, the pseudo-leader of the group, proposes to his long-time girlfriend Jane. They have a wedding with all of their friends in attendance. In order to pay for the wedding, Frank gets a loan from Mr. Kwai, a loan-shark associated with the mob. Frank races back to the wedding, but is accosted by Ringo, the leader of another gang. Frank begs Ringo to let him pass, but Ringo demands the money and hits him with a bottle, cutting his head. Frank manages to escape the gang members with the money, and reaches the wedding in time. He laughs off questions about his lateness and claims the injury comes from tripping in the gutter. That night, Ben sees Frank's mother kick him out of the house. He goes and meets with Frank in the alley and confronts him about his injury. Frank tells the truth and the two of them seek out Ringo at a bar. They cause a distraction and Ringo's men leave. The two of them attack Ringo and accidentally kill him. The next day, police search for Ben and Frank. The two of them meet with Paul and decide to leave Hong Kong. Remembering what a guest told him at Ben's wedding, Paul suggests they head to Vietnam as the war has made smugglers rich. Ben, Paul, and Frank get a load of contraband goods from Mr. Shing, a smuggler and agree to take them to Y.S. Leong, a Vietnamese gangster. The three friends leave and reach Saigon by boat. On their first day in the city, a Vietcong suicide bomber destroys all of their goods in an attempt on an ARVN officer. The three of them as well as a number of Vietnamese are arrested as Vietcong suspects. Despite trying to explain that they are Chinese, the three of them are interrogated and beaten. Finally, the ARVN soldiers find a young boy who is the real Vietcong bomber and execute him on the spot. Witnessing this has a profound effect on Paul and Frank. Frank vomits into the river at the memory of the violence and declares he never wants to see anyone else killed. Paul on the other hand declares that guns equal power. Despite Frank's protests, they get their hands on some guns. Paul tests his theory by robbing a store almost immediately, to Ben's disbelief. They finally find their way to Leong's nightclub/brothel and are surprised to see Sally Yen, a well known Hong Kong singer. It turns out that Leong tricked her into coming to the Vietnam and turned her into a prostitute. They also meet Luke, a killer for Leong who dreams of escaping to Hong Kong with Sally. The four of them form a plan to free Sally and rob Leong. They deliver fake goods to Leong, who accepts them at first, but then holds Ben, Paul and Frank at gunpoint, demanding that they drink urine. Luke sets them free and a shootout ensues in the nightclub. Eventually, the four of them plus Sally hole up in Leong's office with an army of thugs and corrupt ARVN soldiers outside. Paul finds a box full of gold that the ARVN were using to bribe Leong and becomes obsessed with it. They escape Leong's office, but Leong shoots Sally in the back, wounding her. Luke and Paul reach the getaway car while Ben and Frank hold off the thugs. Paul begs Luke to drive, but he waits for the other two. They escape into the night despite a Vietcong attack on the road. The next morning, the five of them wait by the river for a boat that is supposed to pick them up. Ben and Frank comfort the dying Sally while Luke looks for the boat and Paul guards the gold. The boat finally arrives just in time for an attack by gangsters and ARVN troops. The boat's driver attempts to flee but is killed. Paul starts the boat and picks up Frank. Ben and Luke carry Sally all the way to the boat, but she dies just as they reach it. Heartbroken, Luke lets her body drift down the river. They four of them escape from the attack but the boat stops working. Paul panics as he is frightened that he will lose the gold. Frank angrily opens the box and tosses some of the gold over board. Paul points a gun at him and threatens him. Ben and Frank angrily argue with Paul and announce the end of their friendship. Paul breaks down, crying that all he wants in life is the gold. Just then, the boat is ambushed by the gangsters and it is sunk. Luke, Ben, and Frank escape, but Paul goes back for the gold. The box is too heavy and almost drowns him, but Ben and Frank save him and the gold. The Vietcong ambushes the gangsters and takes Ben, Paul, and Frank as well as several ARVNs prisoner. They are brought to a prison camp where the prisoners are beaten, tortured and often executed for the Vietcong's amusement. While searching the belongings of the prisoners, the vietcong find the gold and buried in it a list of CIA agents and maps that Leong was going to sell to the North Vietnamese that he had gotten from corrupt ARVN officers. A vietcong officer interrogates Ben, Paul, and Frank about the CIA, which they of course have no knowledge of. Later, teh Vietcong force an American prisoner to shoot other prisoners to their immense enjoyment. The Vietcong officer uses this to intimidate the three Chinese men, and Paul claims he works for the CIA. He is taken inside and Frank is chosen to kill more prisoners. Frank panics and cries, screaming that he doesn't want to kill anyone. Ben shouts encouragement to him, and convinces the Vietcong to let him shoot prisoners as well. He happily kills some of the ARVN troops that had been chasing them. The Vietcong then tell him to kill Frank, which he agrees to, while giving instructions to Frank in Chinese. Ben shoots the Vietcong and he and Frank begin and escape, aided by Luke's arrival with an American strike force. Meanwhile, Paul escapes from the Vietcong as well and takes the gold into a field. Frank sees him and follows him, but is wounded in the process. He crawls after Paul, crying out for help. Paul urges him to be quiet so that the Vietcong can't find them. Frank continues to scream in pain and fear, and Paul shoots him in the back of the head to silence him. Luke guns down the Vietcong and rushes to Frank's side, finding him still alive. Frank is loaded into a helicopter and taken to an American base. Ben chases after Paul. Paul finds his way to a peaceful river village and steals a boat. The boat's owners try to stop them, so he massacres them. Ben sees this and tries to save a wounded child. Paul shoots both of them and drives the boat away. Ben is found by Buddhist monks and saved. He journeys back to Saigon and finds Luke who has been disfigured by hand grenade. Luke tells Ben that Frank is still alive, but that the bullet that remains in his head has changed him. Frank now works as a killer in order to support his heroin use, which is the only thing that stops the pain from his head wound by reducing him to a catatonic state. Luke takes Ben to see Frank, whose first response is to shoot at his old friends. Luke offers him heroin, which he takes. Ben takes the needle from him, which causes Frank to try to kill him. He gives the needle back and Frank falls catatonic. Ben tries to talk to him, but gets nothing but blank stares. Finally, Ben takes the gun and aims it at Frank's head. Frank grabs the gun and moves it to point at his heart. Ben shoots Frank to put him out of his misery. Ben travels back to Hong Kong, while Luke stays in Vietnam. In Hong Kong, Ben sees Jane for the first time in a long time. She has a baby named Frank, which Ben holds in his arms. Meanwhile, Paul has become a successful business man and has been named the successor to the CEO position. Ben enters the boardroom and confronts Paul. Paul is happy to see his old friend, but Ben is angry. Ben opens his bag and reveals Frank's skull, telling him what happened to Frank. Paul is indifferent and kicks Ben out. Later, Paul leaves the office in his car and is chased by Ben. They shoot at each other for a while, eventually making their way to the pier that they had raced down on bikes as kids. Both cars crash. Ben thinks Paul died in the crash, but Paul attacks him from behind, wounding him. Paul picks up Frank's skull and yells at it. He wrestles with Ben for a moment and shoves a gun in his hand, telling him to put Frank out of his misery. Ben shoots Frank's skull. Paul turns the gun on Ben, but Ben pulls another gun and shoots Paul first. Paul dies. Ben tosses the gun and limps away from the scene."] ["A counterfeiter of money is attacked by two masked men and threatened to inform them where a certain amount of counterfeited money is. The counterfeiter pleads ignorance and is subsequently killed. Tommy 'Hopscotch' Hopkins, who has the money, learns of the death of the counterfeiter and begins to fear for his own safety. Consequently, he asks his friend, the street smart Frankie , to assist him in an exchange of the fake money for real money which he has organised with some acquaintances. Frankie reluctantly agrees to assist his friend. The two attend the venue of the exchange, which is the house of an undercover police officer, Danny who uses the alias Paco. Danny believes that he is being assisted by two FBI agents in order to arrest Frankie and Hopscotch. Instead the other two men shoot and kill Danny and attempt to kill Frankie and Hopscotch. Frankie manages to shoot the two men after they kill Danny and he and Hopscotch flee the house with the real and the fake money which is contained in three suitcases. Frankie also pulls some paper out of the jacket of one of the two purported FBI agents. The shootout is witnessed by Danny's sister Colleen, who was hiding in the house. Distraught, she mistakenly believes that Frankie killed her brother and provides the police with his description. After fleeing the scene, Frankie escorts Hopscotch to the house of the latter's brother, Marty. Frankie advises Hopscotch to lie low while he conjures up a plan of what to do with the money. Marty seems concerned that his brother is associating with someone like Frankie. Colleen is comforted by the colleagues of her dead brother Danny, including his boss Captain Evans. He advises her that they will do whatever is necessary to find Danny's killers. The investigation into Danny's death is led by Vic, who is Colleen's former lover. It transpires that Vic had ended his relationship with Colleen acrimoniously years previously. Despite their troubled past, he spends time with Colleen to help her combat her grief. However, struggling to restrain her emotions, Colleen becomes frustrated with the investigation into her brother's death as she begins to believe that little progress is being made. As she persistently approaches Captain Evans, in a vexed mood, he advises her that they believe Danny was a 'dirty' cop, something which, based on her knowledge of her brother's character, she strenuously refutes. As a result, she loses faith with her brother's former colleagues and decides to conduct her own investigations. She manages to track down Frankie and asks to be allowed to perform at his strip club. He admits that she is pretty enough to do the job, but states that she ought to think it over before making any commitment. Meanwhile, after Frankie is attacked by the two masked men who killed the counterfeiter, he and Hopscotch decide to bury the three suitcases of money in the desert to ensure that they are safe. After burying the money Hopscotch is killed and Frankie is forced to engage in a shootout with the killer. The killer is revealed to be one of the two masked men and Hopscotch's brother, Marty. Frankie persuades Marty to inform him of the identity of the other masked man who he soon learns is Vic. In a show of disloyalty, Vic kills Marty and requests that Frankie tell him of the whereabouts of the money. Frankie declines to do so and returns to his strip club, where in a private performance he watches Colleen audition for a job. Afterwards, Frankie takes Colleen to his apartment where they begin kissing. Suddenly, Colleen pulls out a gun and confronts Frankie about the death of her brother. Frankie is initially confused but then elucidates upon the events of the shoot out. He advises her that Danny appeared to trust the other two men who were in the room at his house when he was killed and that they turned on him. To convince Colleen that he is telling the truth he manipulates the gun so that Colleen only needs to pull the trigger in order to kill him. Colleen believes Frankie and he escorts her to her car so that she can travel home. Vic sees Frankie and Colleen together and when Colleen is gone he advises Frankie to stay away from her. The next day Frankie visits Colleen and produces the piece of paper that he took from the purported FBI agent. The piece of paper is part of a map with directions on it in red ink. Frankie advises Colleen that he believes that Vic was involved in her brother's killing. He tells her to tell Vic's superiors in the police and take them to the desert. While Colleen travels to the police station, Frankie advises Vic that he has changed his mind and that he will share the money with him. Frankie and Vic drive to the desert where they dig up the cases with the money in. Meanwhile Colleen and Captain Evans arrive at the desert. Evans advises Colleen to wait in the car as he investigates. As he leaves in pursuit of Vic and Frankie, she finds the other half of the map on the dashboard of the car. Evans walks up a hill and sees Frankie and Vic with the cases of money. Vic manages to hit Frankie with a spade in an attempt to take all of the money for himself after which Evans confronts him. At this point Colleen arrives and Evans shoots Vic in an attempt to conceal his guilt in the affair. He then hugs Colleen and tells her that it is all over. Colleen, now aware that both Vic and Evans were responsible for her brother's death then shoots Evans. Afterwards she and Frankie arrange Vic's and Evans' bodies to make it seem as though they had killed each other in a dispute over one of the cases of money. They then walk off with the other two cases of money and with their arms around each other."] ['West Texas in June 1980 is desolate, wide open country, and Ed Tom Bell  laments the increasing violence in a region where he, like his father and grandfather before him, has risen to the office of sheriff. Llewelyn Moss , hunting pronghorn, comes across the aftermath of a drug deal gone awry: several dead men and dogs, a wounded Mexican begging for water, and two million dollars in a satchel that he takes to his trailer home. Late that night, he returns with water for the dying man, but is chased away by two men in a truck and loses his vehicle. When he gets back home he grabs the cash, sends his wife Carla Jean  to her mother\'s, and makes his way to a motel in the next countyThe sign in front of Moss\' trailer park indicates its location in Sanderson, the seat of Terrell County. Del Rio is the seat of Val Verde County, approximately 120 miles  from Sanderson. where he hides the satchel in the air vent of his room. Anton Chigurh  is a hitman who has been hired to recover the money. He has already strangled a sheriff\'s deputy to escape custody and stolen a car by using a captive bolt pistol to kill the driver. Now he carries a receiver that traces the money via a tracking device concealed inside the satchel. Bursting into Moss\' hideout at night, Chigurh surprises a group of Mexicans set to ambush Moss, and murders them all. Moss, who has rented the connecting room on the other side, is one step ahead. By the time Chigurh removes the vent cover with a dime, Moss is already back on the road with the cash. In a border town hotel, Moss finally finds the electronic bug, but not before Chigurh is upon him. A firefight between them spills onto the streets, leaving both men wounded. Moss flees across the border, collapsing from his injuries before he is taken to a Mexican hospital. There, Carson Wells , another hired operative, offers protection in return for the money. After Chigurh cleans and stitches his own wounds with stolen supplies, he gets the drop on Wells back at his hotel and kills him just as Moss calls the room. Picking up the call and casually raising his feet to avoid the spreading blood, Chigurh promises Moss that Carla Jean will go untouched if he gives up the money. Moss remains defiant. Moss arranges to rendezvous with his wife at a motel in El Paso to give her the money and send her out of harm\'s way. She reluctantly accepts Bell\'s offer to save her husband, but he arrives only in time to see a pickup carrying several men speeding away from the motel and Moss lying dead in his room. That night, Bell returns to the crime scene and finds the lock blown out in his suspect\'s familiar style. Chigurh hides behind the door of a motel room, observing the shifting light through an empty lock hole. His gun drawn, Bell enters Moss\' room and notices that the vent cover has been removed with a dime and the vent is empty. Bell visits his Uncle Ellis , an ex-lawman. Bell plans to retire because he feels "overmatched," but Ellis points out that the region has always been violent. For Ellis, thinking it is "all waiting on you, that\'s vanity." Carla Jean returns from her mother\'s funeral to find Chigurh waiting in the bedroom. When she tells him she does not have the money, he recalls the pledge he made to her husband that could have spared her. The best he will offer is a coin toss for her life, but she says that the choice is his. Chigurh leaves the house alone and carefully checks the soles of his boots. As he drives away, he is injured in a car accident and abandons the damaged vehicle. Now retired, Bell shares two dreams with his wife , both involving his deceased father. In the first dream he lost "some money" that his father had given him; in the second, he and his father were riding horses through a snowy mountain pass. His father, who was carrying fire in a horn, quietly passed by with his head down, "going on ahead, and fixin\' to make a fire" in the surrounding dark and cold. Bell knew that when he got there his father would be waiting.'] ['Fan Ko, an engineering architect in Hong Kong who is also highly skilled in martial arts, is called to the bedside of his dying father, who reveals that he long ago had an affair with a woman in Thailand, who bore him a son. He begs Fan Ko to go to Thailand and find the young man, and shows him an old photo, taken when the brother was perhaps 10 years old. But even then, the fierce-looking boy was training in the Thai martial art, Muay Thai, and sported a tattoo on his left arm of a ship\'s anchor and a swallow flying underneath. So Fan Ko catches a Cathay Pacific flight to Bangkok Airport and is met by a family friend and booked into a room at the Dusit Thani Hotel. Leaving behind the suit-and-tie of his job, he\'s dressed in the colorful fashions of the day.  At that moment in Thailand, it is Songkran, the Thai new year, when revellers splash water on each other. However, at Lumphini Boxing Stadium, the atmosphere is decidedly less festive, as another young boxer has been killed in the ring by the current champion, Cannon, who is backed by the local Triad boss and a crooked fight promoter, Qiang-ren. Using tactics of intimidation and with crooked officials on their payroll, the mob keeps supplying fighters to face the brutal Cannon. Among them is Wenile, who needs to raise money to pay for an operation for his sick mother, despite the objections of his girlfriend, Yulan. Fan Ko, meanwhile, is nosing around at Lumpini stadium, and thinks that a fighter named Miller may be his brother after he sees a large plywood cutout of the boxer and notices the anchor-and-bird tattoo. He asks a bystander, an old fighter-turned-alcoholic, what the man\'s name is. "People call him \'dead man\'," the old drunk says, because he\'s the next to face Cannon. When Miller faces Cannon, Fan Ko tries in vain to stop the fight, and Miller is pummeled – another fighter killed in the ring. Fan Ko checks the tattoo. It\'s a ship\'s anchor alright, but the bird flying underneath is an eagle. Miller was not his brother. By now Fan Ko has become acquainted with a young Thai woman named Mei-dai, who shows him more sights around Bangkok, including the Grand Palace. And, through his investigation around Lumpini stadium, he\'s met Wenile, but he\'s not seen Wenile\'s left arm. Then Wenile gets in the ring against Cannon. Fan Ko is watching the fight and sees the tattoo on Wenile\'s arm – it\'s a ship\'s anchor with a swallow underneath. Wenile is Fan Ko\'s brother. The fight against Cannon is a tough one, but Wenile is a strong fighter and he comes back from a savage beating to win. Fan Ko runs up to the ringside and tells Wenile that they are brothers. Because the leader of the Triad has lost a lot of money, he wants to kill Wenile. But now Wenile is paired with his brother – a Muay Thai fighter and a Muay Chine expert. They can\'t lose.'] ["Riki Fudoh's brother was killed by his father at the request of his yakuza organization. Riki does not let his father know that he saw the murder take place but instead starts an organization that takes over his high school. Riki's two personal bodyguards are a gun-toting female student and a hermaphrodite student who wields a dartgun with her vagina. After Riki kills one of his teachers for not paying back a loan, a beautiful female teacher arrives. When the teacher visits Riki at his house, it becomes apparent she was Riki's dead brother's girlfriend. As Riki organizes assassinations of his father's yakuza organization, a new teacher arrives. The new teacher is actually Riki's half brother, whom his father sent to kill Riki. The teacher kills Riki's bodyguard and severely burns his hermaphrodite bodyguard with acid. Riki attacks the teacher at his apartment and nearly dies, but is saved when the female teacher arrives and kills Riki's half brother. Later that night Riki's father attacks the boy in the same manner he witnessed his brother being executed. However, Riki is prepared and kills his father. At his father's funeral, the only opposing yakuza boss who managed to survive an assassination, Daigen Nohma, shows up. The two exchange words and Nohma pulls out a gun at the same time Riki unsheathes his katana. The film ends as the two are about to duel."] ['{{Plot}} In Harlem, New York, 1918, Sugar Ray  has a dice game going in the back of his candy store. Many of his friends and associates are present, including his old friend Bennie . After nearly being killed by an angry man who lost money, Ray is saved when an 8-year-old errand boy shoots the man in the head. The orphan, who goes by the name "Quick," becomes the "good luck charm" for Ray, who raises him. Twenty years later , Ray and a grown-up Quick  now run a highly successful nightclub called "Club Sugar Ray", a speakeasy with a brothel in back run by tough-talking madam Vera . During a routine evening, Tommy Smalls , who works for the notorious gangster Bugsy Calhoun ([[Michael Lerner  at the Pitty Pat Club, along with beautiful Miss Dominique LaRue  arrive at Club Sugar Ray. Smalls and LaRue have come to check out the club and report back to Calhoun, who has received word that Club Sugar Ray is outgrossing him on a nightly basis. Ray tells Quick not to mess with Miss LaRue as she is Calhoun\'s mistress. That night, Quick accuses Vera and her "girls" of coming up short with profits. Enraged, Vera challenges Quick to a fight, which she maintains the upper hand on until being hit by a garbage can by Quick. Vera pulls a razor on him, which leads to Quick shooting Vera\'s pinky toe off. Later that evening, Calhoun sends corrupt police detective Phil Cantone  to threaten Ray, vowing to shut the club down unless Calhoun gets a huge cut of the action. All but forced out of business, Ray refuses to go without first making sure he\'s provided for his friends and workers. An upcoming heavyweight championship fight between challenger Michael Kirkpatrick and defending champion  Jack Jenkins  will command a lot of money. Ray\'s plan is to place a bet on Kirkpatrick to make Calhoun think they have talked Jenkins into throwing the fight. The plan also is to rob Calhoun\'s booking houses. To facilitate this, a sexy callgirl named Sunshine , who works for Vera is used to distract Calhoun\'s bag man, Richie Vinto . Smalls is accused by Calhoun of coming up short with the nightly receipts at the Pitty Pat Club. As a result, Calhoun sends Cantone to execute Smalls in his apartment. Later on that evening, Quick goes to Smalls\' apartment only to find him dead. As he walks out of his apartment building, Smalls\' brother  notices him. Curious, he walks into Smalls\' apartment, finds him dead and presumes that Quick must have killed him. Earlier on, Quick had received an invitation to dinner from Dominique LaRue. It turns out to be a recruiting pitch from Calhoun to bring Quick in to run the Pitty Pat Club with Miss LaRue, since he had Smalls executed. Quick steadily refuses, which leads to Calhoun ordering LaRue to seduce and kill Quick. As Quick leaves the restaurant, he is chased by Smalls\' brother and his two henchmen. They try to kill him as they believe he is responsible for Smalls murder. After being cornered, he kills all three of them effortlessly with three gunshots. Later that night, LaRue phones Quick, who wants to see him at her apartment. He arrives there, but right before they have sex, he finds a small gun tucked under the pillow on her bed. He quickly realizes he is being set up, and after they have sex, LaRue attempts to kill Quick with the aforementioned gun. She is horrified to discover that the gun has no bullets  and is subsequently shot and killed by Quick. Quick comes to Ray\'s home and explains what happened. Quick voices his intent to exact vengeance on Calhoun, but Ray orders him to lie low and hide. Cantone later arrives at Club Sugar Ray, has everyone there arrested and demands Ray to turn over Quick. Ray bails all of his customers out of jail. Calhoun then orders that Club Sugar Ray be destroyed, and his men set fire to it in the middle of night. Ray arrives to assess the damage and takes one last look at his former nightclub. Ray meets with his crew in a remote location. He asks Quick to apologize to Vera for shooting her in the foot, knowing that she views Quick like a son. Quick honors his request, and tells Vera he loves her. After leaving the room, Vera reciprocates the gesture in tears. Meanwhile, Vera\'s girl Sunshine, successfully seduces Richie Vinto. She convinces him that she has a pickup to make the same night Richie has to make his pickup. Richie agrees to pick her up on the way to collect money for Calhoun. Richie gets into an accident, orchestrated by Ray\'s henchman Jimmy  who had fixed the switch to the traffic light to change from green to red. Ray and Quick, disguised as policemen, arrive on the scene and attempt to arrest Richie. They tell him that the woman he\'s riding around with is actually a notorious drug dealer known as Lady Heroin. Quick attempts to switch the bag that held Calhoun\'s money with the one Sunshine had placed in the car, but before he can, two white policemen arrive. Richie pulls one aside and explains that he\'s on a run for Bugsy Calhoun, so they let him go. The championship fight begins. Meanwhile, at the Pitty Pat Club, Freddy and Willie, two of Ray\'s men, chase out the customers, plant a bomb and leave before it blows up. This serves a double purpose: to retaliate against Calhoun for destroying Club Sugar Ray and to provoke him. At the fight, Calhoun realizes it was not fixed as he originally thought, and receives word that his club has been destroyed. Quick and Ray arrive at a closed bank and go inside. Cantone arrives shortly after, having followed them and pulls a gun on them. Ray\'s crew however hold Cantone at gunpoint, and reveal that they knew he was watching the exchange after the orchestrated accident and seal him inside the bank vault. Ray promises that he will be released in approximately two days. Quick advises Cantone to take small sips of air to last him this period, as bank vaults don\'t have a lot of air in them. Calhoun returns to his home, furious. Richie arrives to deliver Calhoun\'s money, but discovers that the bags of money had indeed been switched with bags of heroin. Calhoun then discovers that the "heroin" is in fact powdered sugar, which infuriates him even more as he now knows who was behind the entire plot. Vera then pays Calhoun a surprise visit, who tells them  how she did not want to be mixed up in robbing him. She tells Bugsy where to find Ray and Quick. Believing her, Bugsy and his men arrive at Ray\'s house but find it empty. As they try to leave however, one of his men trips a bomb wired into the door, instantly killing Bugsy and his men. Near the waterfront, by a sign that reads "Hoboken", Ray and Quick pay meet with two white men who are revealed to be working for Ray  and he pays them off. Ray and Quick take one last look at Harlem, acknowledge that they can never return and that there will never be another city like it. They then get into their car and depart for an unknown location as the credits roll.'] ['In the prologue, Gangster Angelo “Snaps” Provolone promises his dying father  that he will give up a life of crime, and instead "go straight". A Month later, Snaps awakes at his mansion and begins his important morning. He has a meeting with several prominent bankers, as he hopes to donate a large sum of cash and join the bank’s board of trustees, thereby having an honest job and keeping his word to his father. Anthony Rossano, Snaps\'s young, good-natured accountant, arrives at the mansion and sets all events in motion. Anthony tells his boss that he’s in love, asks for a 250% raise, then tells Snaps the true love he speaks of is actually "Snaps\'s daughter." After Anthony professes his love for the daughter, Snaps does not want his daughter marrying Anthony and goes to talk to his daughter. Lisa Provolone is the only child of Snaps and Sofia. Lisa is a spoiled daughter whose dreams of seeing the world’s great sights run into a roadblock because of her overly protective father. Wishing to move out of the house, she lies to her parents  and claims to be pregnant. Snaps, believing the father to be Anthony , is shocked when Lisa says the father is Oscar, the former chauffeur who is now out of the country. Things get even more complicated when Anthony learns that Theresa, the woman he fell in love with, is not actually Snaps\' daughter, but was merely pretending to be. Before Anthony can catch on, Snaps tricks him into agreeing to marry his actual daughter, Lisa, who is supposedly pregnant but without a husband. Both Lisa and Anthony are unhappy at the hasty arrangement, and the pair luck out when Lisa falls in love with someone else – Dr. Thornton Poole, Snaps\' dialectician. Meanwhile, local police lieutenant Toomey is keeping an eye on the mansion, believing that Snaps is meeting with Chicago mobsters soon. Also watching Snaps is mob rival Vendetti, who, too, believes that Snaps is meeting Chicago mobsters. Vendetti plans a hit on Snaps in the early afternoon while Toomey plans a raid at the same time to catch Snaps red-handed. While Anthony seeks out Theresa, Snaps meets his mansion\'s new maid, Roxie. As it turns out, Roxie is an old flame of Snaps, and the pair talk memories and the life that never was. Theresa comes to the mansion and is revealed to be Roxie\'s daughter - who was actually fathered by Snaps long ago - making Snaps her dad after all. The impromptu celebration of both his daughters\' engagements is cut short by the arrival of the bankers. During the meeting, Snaps senses the bankers are giving him a raw deal. The meeting is interrupted by police officers and Toomey, who is embarrassed to find no money or gangsters present on site. He leaves the mansion just in time for Vendetti\'s car full of armed men to crash right outside. Toomey smiles for reporters and arrests the men. With no hope to actually become a banker, Snaps decides to abandon his short-lived honest ways and return to a life of crime. The final scene of the movie shows a double wedding for both his daughters. Oscar himself finally appears and objects to Lisa\'s marriage, but he is carried off by Snaps\' men and the weddings end happily.'] ["Frank White , a drug lord, is riding into New York in a limousine after being released from Sing Sing. Emilio El Zapa , a Colombian drug dealer, is shot to death in a telephone booth. As the killers leave, one of them drops a newspaper headline which announces Frank's release. Across town, Zapa's partner, King Tito  is in a hotel room with Jimmy Jump  and Test Tube , who are negotiating the purchase of cocaine. Jimmy and Test Tube shoot Tito and his bodyguards and steal the cocaine. Later, in a suite at the Plaza Hotel, Frank is greeted by Jimmy, Test Tube, and other members of his gang, who welcome him home with champagne and a briefcase full of money. Frank leaves to meet two of his lawyers, Joey Dalesio  and Jennifer , for dinner. Frank expresses his desire to be mayor and asks Dalesio to set up a meeting with Mafia boss Arty Clay . He and Jennifer leave to take a ride on the subway. Confronted by three muggers, Frank first brandishes his gun then gives them a wad of money, telling them to ask for him at the Plaza Hotel if they want work. Dalesio goes to Little Italy, to set up a meeting with Clay but the mafia don urinates on Dalesio's shoes and tells him it is a message for his boss. On hearing this, Frank, Jump and other members of the gang go to Clay's social club, where Frank tells Clay that he wants a percentage of all Clay's profits. When Clay insults him, Frank shoots the mafioso. As he leaves, Frank tells Clay's men that they can all find employment at the Plaza. The next night, Frank is confronted by Detectives Roy Bishop , Dennis Gilley , and Thomas Flanigan , of the NYPD narcotics squad, who say they are taking him in. Instead, they drive him to an empty lot where they show him the body of Emilio El Zapa in the trunk. When Frank refuses to confess, Gilley and Flanigan beat him and leave him in the lot. Frank sends Dalesio to Chinatown to make contact with Larry Wong , a local Triad leader who has $15 million worth of cocaine. Larry is leery, and demands that they meet alone on neutral ground to discuss the deal. Larry demands $3 million up front and another $500,000 after the drugs are sold. Frank counters that the two should team up, then split the profits evenly. Larry turns him down and demands that Frank decide immediately whether he wants to buy the drugs. Frank declines. Jimmy Jump and several of Frank's lieutenants are arrested by Gilley and Flanigan, who reveal that one of Tito's bodyguards is alive and willing to testify. When Frank learns of his men's arrest, he orders his lawyers to arrange their release, and sends a limousine to pick them up. They head to Chinatown, where they kill Larry and his gang. They find the cocaine in the basement. Gilley, Flanigan and other officers resolve to use illegal means to get rid of Frank. Posing as drug dealers, they bribe Dalesio into leading them to the nightclub where Frank and his men are partying. The cops burst in shooting, slaying several members of Frank's gang. Fleeing over the Queensboro Bridge, Frank and Jump trade shots with the police, killing all but Gilley and Flanigan. After evading their pursuers, the two men split up. Jump shoots Flanigan in the chest, puncturing his ballistic vest. Gilley kills Jump with a single shot to the head. A few days later at Flanigan's funeral, Frank kills Gilley. That night, after his men kill Dalesio, Frank goes to Bishop's apartment, telling him that he has placed a $250,000 bounty on every detective involved in the case. Holding Bishop at gunpoint, Frank explains that he killed Tito, Larry, Arty Clay, and Zapa because he disapproved of their businesses, including human trafficking and child prostitution. Before he leaves, Frank forces Bishop to handcuff himself to a chair. As Frank heads to the subway, Bishop uses a hidden gun to free himself. Following Frank into a subway car, Bishop corners him. Frank shoots Bishop, killing him, but the policeman is able to fire a last shot. In a taxi in Times Square, Frank realizes that he has been hit. As police officers surround the car, Frank closes his eyes and goes limp."] ['Operating a pawn shop in a small neighborhood, ex-Black ops officer Cha Tae-sik now leads a quiet life. His only connection to the rest of the world is a little girl, So-mi, who lives next door. So-mi’s mother, Hyo-jeong, is a heroin addict who steals drugs from an organized crime group. She pawns her camera bag to Tae-sik; he does not realize it has the stolen drugs inside. When Oh\'s men find out where the drugs are, by torturing Hyo-jeong, they proceed to kidnap her and her daughter. A mule and organ dealer is sent to Tae-sik\'s pawn shop to retrieve the stolen drugs, but they are easily overpowered by Tae-sik. However, upon learning that the gang now has in their possession both Hyo-jeong and So-mi, Tae-sik gives the beaten gang members the camera bag and its contents. Realizing that Tae-sik may serve better as a mule than their former thug, the gang brothers that blackmailed Tae-sik – Man-seok and Jong-seok – promise to release Hyo-jeong and So-mi under the condition that Tae-sik make a delivery for them. Tae-sik makes the decision to face the outside world in order to rescue So-mi. However, the delivery was part of a larger plot to eliminate a rival. Police arrest Tae-sik and discover Hyo-jeong\'s body, with her organs harvested, in the back of the car he used to make the delivery, and Tae-sik realizes that So-mi is also in danger. Tae-sik escapes from the police station to search for So-mi. During his escape, the police are bewildered at Tae-sik\'s display of power, combat techniques, and agility. They further investigate his bio and find out that he was once a black operations agent for the Korean government with numerous commendations, but left the Service after his pregnant wife was murdered by an assassin. The assassin shot Tae-sik twice, but was killed by another agency\'s officers before he could kill Tae-sik. A determined narcotics cop contacts a weakened Tae-sik after his encounter with the gang\'s highly refined Thai street thug, Ramrowan, who works for the brothers. Now with the knowledge that So-mi is being used as an "ant" – a child used by Chinese gangs to smuggle drugs and money – and that she will be killed to harvest her organs, Tae-sik sets out to locate and save So-mi. Tae-sik finds and frees several child slaves in a drug manufacturing plant, in the process and killing off the younger of the brothers in charge of the gang, Jong-seok. He tracks the elder brother, Man-seok, to the gang\'s condo. Man-seok shows him a vessel containing what he says are So-mi\'s eyes, explaining that he has had her killed to avenge his brother\'s death. In a rage, Tae-sik kills the gang members, including Ramrowan and Man-seok. Tae-sik is preparing to commit suicide out of his grief when a scared and dirty So-mi emerges from the darkness. She had been saved by Ramrowan; he had taken pity on her because she had been kind to him. It is then revealed that the eyes in the container belonged to the gangster\'s harvesting surgeon, who had been killed off-camera by Ramrowan. A police escort takes Tae-sik and So-mi together in the back of the detective’s car, to take Tae-sik into custody. While she sleeps, Tae-sik asks if they can be dropped off at a small convenience store. Tae-sik buys a backpack along with other school supplies. He tells her that she\'s going to be on her own now, as the police have to take him away. Before he goes, he asks her for a hug, and breaks down in tears as they embrace.'] ["The film starts by showing the city streets of K-Town in New York, then goes straight into one of the most common places in Korean Culture. A Room salon  where Korean Mobster Jin Ho Chun  is running the place as a money launderer for the Korean mafia. As Chun is making his usual errands, such as making sure the Room salon is running smoothly and greeting customers. Chun goes and checks on the VIP members, where also his mistress Sook Hee  is at. Chun then grabs the bag full of cash and makes his way into his car. While Chun's driving off, another car blocks his way and he gets shot to death in the back. An ambitious young lawyer is introduced, John Kim  who has just taken on a case that could push him up the ladder to becoming partner at his law firm. The Case revolves around a young teenager, misfit youth Kevin Lee who is accused of murdering Mobster Chun. Kim takes on the case pro-bono for the Lee family. Kim is discussing the case with Kevin's older sister Lila Lee , who is still in shock over her brother's case. Kim assures Lee that they will win the case and there's nothing to worry about. During investigating the case Kim comes upon a name, Mike Juhn  by a low level street thug Danny who on occasion plays basketball with Kim and runs with Juhn's Crew. Kim sees this as an opportunity to learn more about the case and approaches Juhn. Juhn who has now taken Chun's old position in running the Room salon meets Kim. Juhn is hesitant at first when approached by Kim but then starts opening up to him, when he see's Kim as a way for him to become a legitimate business man. The Two men start using each other to get to the top of their profession. Juhn takes Kim to the Room salon he's running to show Kim the Korean culture. At the room salon Juhn's hyung . Detective Park approaches him and asks him who the outsider is. Juhn lies but Det. Park catches him in it and lectures Juhn about bringing outsiders. Juhn disobeys, saying that Kim could be good for the organization. For this, Juhn is demoted back to is old position. While Juhn's being demoted, Kim meets Hee, the mistress of the recently deceased Chun. Kim has a light conversation with Hee before being interrupted by Det. Park who tells Kim that he doesn't belong here and that Kim should leave. Juhn goes down to a restaurant known as the Korean Mobs headquarter for business. Where he meets with the street bosses for his reckless behavior, one of the bosses tells Juhn that another mobster Kyuc will be taking over and that Juhn is not to set foot into the Room salon until they give the okay. The angry Juhn disobeys orders and brings Kim to the Room salon again where Kim meets Hee for a second time and is able to give Hee his business card before getting kicked out. After the two are kicked out Kim And Juhn go to a bar where Juhn starts talking about old times and how he knows Lee from back in the day when they both went to high school together. Kim then starts pressing Juhn to talk about the case. Juhn finally gives in and talks about the murder telling Kim that Chun was a snake. And that anyone would have wanted him dead hinting that Kevin might have not been involved in the murder but the organization. While Juhn is having problems of his own Kim is in the same situation. Whereas Kim's Bosses at his law firm are telling him to cut a deal with the District Attorney's office saying that they don't want to pursue the case in fear of losing. Kim tells Lee about the situation and Lee disagrees saying that there's something more they have to do. Kim then sets a meeting with Lee and Hee. Hee, who cannot speak a word of English and Kim who cannot speak a word of Korean, needs Lee to translate for them, Kim starts the recorder and asks Lee to have Hee begin. During the conversation Hee starts to reveal shocking facts about the murder. Such as how she saw a young boy come out of Chun's car after the shooting. Hee then reveals that she also saw Juhn at the night of the murder. Lee who is shocked from hearing all the details finally realizes that her brother was the one who committed the murder. She then keeps the information about her brother being there from Kim telling him that it was Juhn and only Juhn who was there at the night of the murder. Lee who now is distraught calls Juhn feeling she has nowhere else to go. Saeng, Juhn's right hand man and Danny are outside a restaurant with other members of Juhn's crew. Saeng then gets a call from Juhn saying it's time. Saeng gathers all the men and heads with Juhn to the Room salon Juhn used to run and raid the place. Having a big shootout with Kyuc and his men leading to Kyuc and Det Parks demise and Danny's leg being shot. Juhn then tells Saeng to get the money and says that hes going to handle Hee. When searching for Hee she was nowhere to be found, Juhn and Saeng then take the injured Danny to there headquarters. Leaving Saeng to take care of Danny while Juhn goes to find Hee, Juhn goes to Hee's house and finds her packing her clothes Juhn rapes her and beats her to death. While at the headquarters the scared Danny calls Kim and tells him about the situation. Kim quickly rushes down to where Danny is and pushes Saeng out of the way and calls the cops and advises Danny to don't tell the cops anything. Then Kim realizes Hee might be in danger to and rushes to her house once he gets there Kim finds Hee's dead body. After along day Kim retreats to his home and is ambushed by Juhn's men. Where Juhn starts to reveal more about the murder to Kim how he ordered Kevin to murder Chun saying that Kevin wanted to prove his loyalty and how Lee called him after the conversation Kim had with Lee and Hee. After the confession Juhn pulls out his gun and gets ready to murder Kim, Kim tells Juhn there will be consequences if Juhn pulls the trigger. Kim tells Juhn that he has the recording of the conversation he had with Lee and Hee and there's away for the recording to find its way into the polices hands if Juhn were to pull the trigger. Juhn thinks about the consequences and gives Kim a pass telling Kim to stay out of Flushing or there will be no more passes. Kim then quickly sets a meeting up with Lee and confronts her about the situation. Lee tells Kim she had no choice and that Kim would have done the same thing if it was his brother. Kim sets another meeting up but with Juhn at a local bar that Kim's a regular at once the meeting started Kim asked Juhn for a favor. Juhn refused until Kim convinces him otherwise. Revealing to Juhn that Danny a member of Juhn's crew is now Kim's client and that he can make Danny go either way. Juhn who now realizes the situatiuon agrees to help Kim. Kim tells Juhn that he doesn't care now, whether Kevin murdered Chun or not he just wants to win the case and tells Juhn to find someone who can be a witness that doesn't put Kevinat the scene of the crime. Juhn agrees, Kim then gives Juhn the recorder with the recording on it. Kim is seen in a new office talking to friend about making partner, Lee walks in with a box of tangerines to thank Kim for getting Kevin out of prison After Lee leaves Kim throws the box in the trash. Juhn is now running the Room salon again. Juhn comes to pick up the bag of money as he's walking to his car his cellphone rings he picks up but there's no answer he hangs up and gets into his car and adjust the rear view mirror and starts to glare at the mirror and the screen goes black."] ['In the filthy slums of New York, wealthy people have built luxury apartments there because of the view of the picturesque East River. While they live in opulence, the destitute and dirt poor live nearby in crowded, filthy tenements. At the end of the street is a dock on the East River; to the left are the luxury apartments and to the right are the slums. The Dead End Kids, led by Tommy Gordon , are a petty gang of street urchins who are already well onto a path to a life of crime. Members of the gang besides Tommy include, Dippy , Angel , Spit , T.B. , and Milty , the new kid on the block in search of friends. Spit is a bit malicious with a cruel streak and initially bullies the newcomer and takes his pocket change. However, Tommy eventually lets Milty join the gang and turns out to be both a loyal and generous friend. Tommy\'s sister, Drina , dreams of marrying some dashing, rich stranger who will save her and Tommy from this miserable life of poverty and help prevent Tommy from growing up to be a mobster like Baby Face Martin , who has returned to the neighborhood to visit his mother and old girlfriend. Drina\'s childhood friend, Dave Connell , is an unemployed architect who currently works odd jobs. He is having an affair with a rich man\'s mistress, Kay Burton . Although Dave and Kay love each other, they know they can\'t be together because Dave cannot provide Kay with the kind of lifestyle she desires. Meanwhile, the kids rough up a rich kid  who lives in the apartments. When the boy\'s father tries to intervene, Tommy winds up stabbing him in the arm. He escapes the police and goes into hiding. Martin, meanwhile, is rejected by his mother  and repulsed by his ex-girlfriend, Francie , who is now a prostitute and "sick" . Despondent over the failed visit, he decides to kidnap the rich child for ransom to make the trip back worthwhile. Dave tracks Martin down and kills him after a struggle. When the police arrive, a crowd gathers, including Spit, who is recognized as being a member of the gang that attacked the rich kid\'s father. He exonerates himself by informing the police that it was Tommy who stabbed the man. Tommy hears of Spit\'s betrayal and tries to give him the mark of the "squealer", which is a knife wound across the cheek. Before he can do so, Dave apprehends him and convinces him to turn himself in. He agrees to use his reward money from Martin\'s slaying to pay for Tommy\'s defense.'] ['Shanghai Triad takes place over the course of seven days in the 1930s. The story begins as a fourteen-year-old boy, Tang Shuisheng  has just arrived in Shanghai from the countryside. He is met at the docks by his uncle, Liu, who has sent for Shuisheng to work as a servant for a Triad Boss , also named Tang and a distant relative. Before he meets his new employers, however, he is taken to a warehouse where two rival groups of Triads carry out an opium deal that goes wrong, leaving one of the rival members dead. Shuisheng is then taken by his uncle to Tang\'s palatial home, where he is assigned to serve Xiao Jinbao ,The English subtitles all refer to Gong Li\'s character by the name "Bijou." a cabaret singer and girlfriend of the Boss. She mocks Shuisheng\'s upbringing and derides him as a "country bumpkin." It is soon learned that Jinbao is also carrying on an affair with the Boss\'s number two man, Song . On the third night, Shuisheng witnesses the aftermath of a bloody gang fight between the Boss and a rival boss, Fat Yu. Among the dead are Shuisheng\'s uncle. In response to this attack, the Boss and a small entourage, including Shuisheng and Jinbao, retreat to a peasants\' island. There, Jinbao befriends Cuihau , an unassuming peasant woman who prepares meals for the visitors, while Shuisheng befriends Ajiao , Cuihau\'s nine-year-old daughter. When Jinbao unwittingly meddles with Cuihua\'s business, it results in the Boss\'s men killing Cuihua\'s lover from a neighboring island. Furious, Jinbao confronts the Boss, who throws her accusations back at her, claiming that had she never meddled, he and his men would have been none the wiser. Jinbao, at this point, reveals to Shuisheng that she, too, came from the countryside. She gives him some silver coins and tells him to start a shop as soon as he is able, away from Shanghai and its depravity. By the seventh day, Song arrives to the island along with Zheng , the Boss\'s number three man. During a mahjong game, the Boss calmly confronts Song with evidence of his treachery. He tells Song that he knew of the younger man\'s affair with Jinbao and of the fact that Song had been working with Fat Yu to supplant him as king of the Shanghai underworld. The gang kills Song\'s men and buries Song alive. The Boss then informs Jinbao that she will have to die as well for her role in Song\'s betrayal. He grants her one last wish in accordance to the "rules," and she asks that he leave Cuihua and Ajiao alone. The Boss goes back on his word and tells her that Cuihua has already been killed for knowing too much, while Ajiao will be taken to Shanghai with him . As Shuisheng attempts to save his mistress from her fate, he is thrown back and beaten. The film then ends with Shuisheng tied to the sails of the ship as it sails back to Shanghai with the boss and Ajiao on board.'] ["The story is narrated by an adult Nino Montanari, who reminisces on his family history... Brooklyn, New York, ca. 1976: Angie resists abandoning baby daughter Patty on a cathedral doorstep and decides to raise her alone in the streets, surviving by their wits. Years later, a teenaged Patty meets and marries kind policeman Dante Montanari, and the couple have two sons: Joey and Nino. Dante eventually dies of cancer, and the hospital bills have now left the surviving family without any money. Patty must now make ends meet. She quickly befriends local funeral director Frank Russo, with whom she has a romantic relationship, and Frank's boss Salvatore “Sal” Palmeri, with whom she has a business relationship. Frank uses his persistent and persuasive charms to reel Patty into his world of organized crime. He offers her a job running a floundering Italian restaurant, which she converts into a successful transvestite nightclub. Sal attends opening night and he is impressed with her business savvy and street smarts. He soon assigns her to serve as his mule; she must drive to Toronto and pick up half-a-million dollars at a shipboard casino. Patty successfully delivers Sal his money, and soon gains his confidence. Later, Patty and Sal's girlfriend June must make the same trip to Canada together. En route, Patty witnesses June repeatedly snorting cocaine. While Patty is making her usual pick-up, the casino is raided by police, but she manages to slip through their fingers and return to the hotel where June impatiently waits. Back in Brooklyn, Frank’s son Mouse has been selling cocaine in the neighborhood. The teenage boy soon shows up at Patty’s doorstep afraid that his father will beat him up again for not 'staying clean'. Shortly thereafter, a newspaper headline reveals that Mouse has been murdered. During Mouse’s funeral, Patty watches from a distance as the procession leaves the wake. FBI agent Robert Wilford approaches Patty for help in bringing down Sal’s criminal empire. Robert asks that Patty wear a wire to record incriminating evidence that will facilitate Palmeri’s arrest. Soon, Patty discovers that June had turned Mouse on to selling her drugs, and that Palmeri had placed a hit on him for selling it on the streets. Patty also finds out that Frank asked his boss for permission to, mercifully, kill his own son. June is now fleeing for her life, but Patty intercepts her at her apartment, and finds out that she, June, and Frank are probably the next on Palmeri's hit list. Eventually, Patty persuades Palmeri to let her go free and to not kill Frank unless he continues threatening her family. Soon thereafter, Palmeri and his men are either arrested or killed, and June’s dead body is discovered . The Montanaris and Angie hop on the next train to Florida, leaving their criminal past behind."] ['Joey Gazelle , an FBI agent, is undercover as a low-level mafioso for Mafia boss Tommy "Tombs" Perello  when he’s present during a drug deal gone wrong. Dirty cops dressed in ski masks, storm in and try to steal the drugs, the money and kill everyone else but a shootout ensues and Tommy looks to Joey to take the guns and get rid of them. Instead, Joey goes home to his wife Teresa , and his son, Nicky . Nicky and his friend from next door, Oleg  secretly watch as Joey stashes the guns in the basement. Oleg decides to take one of the guns after Joey leaves and goes home that night to his mother Mila  and abusive stepfather, Anzor Yugorsky , the outcast nephew of Russian mob boss, Ivan Yugorsky . Oleg uses the gun on Anzor after he becomes belligerent with Oleg and Joey goes next door after hearing the gunshots to find Anzor wounded and Oleg gone. Anzor describes the gun to Joey, making him realize Oleg has one of the murder weapons and he knows he has to find Oleg and the gun before the police do. Throughout the night, Oleg runs into many unsavory people, including a homeless man, a drug dealer, an abusive pimp named Lester  and his girl, Divina . After saving Divina from Lester, she decides to help him which is how he winds up at the same diner that Joey and Nicky are at. They are there for Joey to talk to Frankie Perello , the Italian mob boss, about Oleg and to tell him that the gun Oleg used wasn’t from the shootout. Nicky and Oleg stash the gun in the diner bathroom and when Oleg tries to flee, he is caught by the police and sent back into his stepfather’s custody. But when Anzor takes Oleg out for ice cream to get him to tell him where the gun is, Oleg eventually winds up in the apartment with two other children of a seemingly normal married couple, Dez  and Edele  who turn out to be sadistic child molesters. Oleg fakes an upset stomach and on the way to the bathroom, he finds Edele\'s purse by the door and takes her cell phone and calls Teresa. She prompts him to find anything with the apartment\'s address, and promises to come get him as Dez and Edele try and force their way into the bathroom. When Teresa arrives, she threatens her way inside and searches the whole apartment, but sees no sign of Oleg and goes to leave when she realizes something is off. She threatens Dez who eventually indicates a closet in the playroom where she finds Oleg tied up with a plastic bag on his head. After reviving him with CPR, Dez bribes Teresa with $100,000 in diamonds if she takes only Oleg and leaves. Teresa ignores him and finds children costumes, plastic body bags, children snuff films and surgical instruments in the playroom closet. She shoots and kills the couple after hanging up with the police for reporting gunshots. Joey and Oleg are taken to the hockey rink by Tommy where they meet Frankie and Ivan. Ivan kills Anzor when he refuses to kill Oleg and Joey says that the gun is Tommy’s. Tommy goes to kill him but is killed instead by a Russian mobster where another shootout ensues. Frankie shoots Ivan during the process and goes to kill Joey when Joey reveals his FBI cover. Oleg helps distract Frankie so Joey can disarm him where he then shoots and kills Frankie. Joey and Oleg leave the hockey rink in time to see the FBI storm the building. Joey and Oleg run into Lester, the new owner of the gun and a struggle between Joey and Lester develops that ends with Lester shooting Joey with the gun but not before Joey stabs Lester in the neck with his own knife. Joey and Oleg run and drive back to Joey’s house. Back at Oleg’s house, Mila thinks her son is dead and kills herself by blowing up the meth lab in their backyard. The explosion makes Teresa and Nicky come outside to investigate when they see Joey crash the car after losing consciousness. Days later, a funeral is held for Joey with Teresa, Nicky, and Oleg in attendance. They drive out to a small farm house, where Joey\'s car is parked in the driveway. Teresa sits on the car\'s bumper when Joey emerges from under the car, alive and well, and hugs Nicky and Oleg, who they seemingly have adopted.'] [" Big Louis Costillo , the leading crime boss of the South Side, is killed, apparently by Tony Camonte  acting on the orders of Johnny Lovo . Lovo then takes control of the South Side with Tony as his key lieutenant, selling large amounts of illegal beer to speakeasies and muscling in on bars run by rival outfits. However, Lovo repeatedly warns Tony not to mess with the Irish gangs led by O'Hara who run the North Side. Tony soon begins to ignore these orders, shooting up bars belonging to O'Hara, and attracting the attention of the police and rival gangsters. Lovo begins to realize that Tony is out of control and has ambitions to take his position. Meanwhile, Tony pursues Lovo's girlfriend Poppy  with increasing confidence. At first, she is dismissive of him, but pays him more attention as his reputation rises. Tony eventually decides to declare war and take over the North Side, and sends one of his best men and close friend, the coin flipping Guino Rinaldo  to kill O'Hara in a florist's shop that he uses as his base. This brings heavy retaliation from the North Side gangs now led by Gaffney  and armed with Tommy guns, a weapon that instantly captures Tony's dark imagination. Tony leads his own forces to virtually destroy the North Side gangs and take over their market, using tactics such as those used on the Valentines Day Massacre. This proves too much for Lovo, whose organization has been effectively hijacked by his ambitious deputy, and he arranges for Tony to be assassinated while driving in his car. Tony manages to escape this attack, and he and Rinaldo kill Lovo in revenge, leaving Tony as the undisputed boss of the city. Tony's actions have provoked a public outcry and the forces of the law are slowly closing in. Tony's problems increase when his sister Cesca , whom he is overprotective of, secretly marries his friend Guino. After discovering the two of them together, Tony kills his friend leaving his sister distraught. This provides the police the opportunity they'd been waiting for and they move to arrest Tony for Guino's murder. Tony holes up in his house and prepares to shoot it out. His sister comes, planning to kill him, but ends up helping him to fight the police. When she is killed by a stray bullet, Tony's confidence collapses. As the apartment fills with tear gas, he leaves down the stairs and is confronted by the police. Tony pleads in cowardly fashion for his life then seems to make a break for it, but is mowed down by police fire - apparently suicide by cop.  With the disapproval of several censors regarding the film, producer Howard Hughes, being wealthy enough to spend as much money as needed on the picture, willingly brought the film back to production by re-shooting an alternate ending. The alternate ending differs from the original ending , in the manner that Tony is caught and in which he dies. Unlike the original ending in which Tony Camonte escapes the police and dies getting shot several times, the alternate ending begins with Tony reluctantly handing himself over to the police. After the encounter, there is a scene in which a judge is addressing Tony  during sentencing. The next scene is the finale, in which Tony  is brought to the gallows, where he is finally put to an end by being hanged as soon as the policemen cut the ropes. After such effort, the censors still rejected this version. Afterwards, Hughes discarded version B, restored the film to its original ending and screened the film in states where there was little censorship of films, thus leading to bona-fide box office status and positive critical reviews."] ['Rocky Sullivan  and Jerry Connolly ([[Pat O\'Brien  are childhood friends who robbed a railroad car as kids. Rocky saved Jerry\'s life during the chase by pulling him out of the way of a steam train while running from the guards that saw them. Rocky was then caught by the police, but Jerry - who could run faster - escaped. Rocky, after being sent to reform school, grows up to become a notorious gangster, while Jerry has become a priest. Rocky returns to his old neighborhood, where Jerry is the Parish Priest and intends to keep young boys away from a life of crime. Six of those boys, Soapy , Swing , Bim , Patsy , Crabface , and Hunky , idolize Rocky, and Jerry attempts to keep his former friend from corrupting them. . Meanwhile Rocky gets involved with Frazier , a crooked lawyer, and Keefer ([[George Bancroft , a shady businessman and municipal contractor. They try to dispose of Rocky, but he finds the record book that they keep where they list the bribes to city officials. Jerry learns of these events and warns Rocky to leave before he informs the authorities. Rocky ignores his advice and Jerry gets the public\'s attention and informs them all of the crooked government, causing Frazier and Keefer to plot to kill him. Rocky overhears this plot and kills them to protect his childhood friend. Rocky is then captured following an elaborate shootout in a building, and sentenced to die. Jerry visits him just before his execution and asks him to do him one last favor - to die pretending to be a screaming, sniveling coward, which would end the boys\' idolization of him. Rocky refuses, and insists he will be "tough" to the end, and not give up the one thing he has left, his pride. At the very last moment he appears to change his mind and has to be dragged to the electric chair . The boys hear about what happened and decide he was a coward. Then Father Jerry asks them to say a prayer with him, "for a boy who couldn\'t run as fast as I could".'] ["Maliq Ali  is a defense attorney whose guilt over freeing guilty criminals, and the death of his family, leads him to become a costumed ninja vigilante who stalks these same criminals at night. After refusing to defend Tony Fanelli , a small-time mobster accused of murder, he finds himself involved in protecting the only witness, Tracey Allen , from Fanelli's hired thugs. While protecting this young woman, he is confronted by The Red Ninja , a Japanese assassin, who years before killed his family rather than pay Ali for defending him."] ['Set during the 1920s in the Midwestern United States, the movie revolves around two coal miners, Charlie Jacobs  and Thad , who decide to follow a life a crime like their role model, Al Capone. They find that they are no better at being gangsters than they were at mining coal.'] ['Percival  and Rooster  have been good friends since childhood. However, as they grow up, they each begin to live separate lives. Percival works at his father Percy Senior\'s  morgue preparing dead bodies during the day, and works at a local club called Church (owned by Ace  at night playing the piano. Rooster grows up and involves himself in gambling, partying and business deals; he also gets married to Zora  and has a family. In addition, Rooster also works at the Church club as a performer. Another performer at the club is Taffy  who is a drunk, loudmouth, jealous diva, who is slowly falling out of the limelight. One night when Rooster shows up late to the club, due to an argument with his wife Zora, everyone becomes upset and rowdy including gangsters Spat , Trumpy , Ace and Rose  who have a business deal with the club and Rooster. Finally Rooster shows up and performs; Rooster, Spat, Trumpy and Ace talk about their deal. Spat wishes to get out of the business of rum-running, and is willing to sell out to Ace. Meanwhile, backstage, a singer from St. Louis named Angel Davenport  comes into the club and starts to complain about her train ride and her contract with the club; Angel also begins to flirt with Percival. Rooster and Rose have sex in a car in a warehouse until they hear people coming into the warehouse, Rose jumps out of the car, gets dressed and confronts Spat, Trumpy and Ace who have just arrived. Rose then runs off, Trumpy then shoots and kills Spat and Ace in order to get the business for himself and eliminate the only witness he knew about. The following day Percival receives his boss Ace\'s body at the morgue and begins to insult him. Soon after Angel comes to visit Percival at the morgue and they begin to talk. Meanwhile Rooster runs into Trumpy while taking his family shopping and Trumpy explains that the debt owed by Ace is now his problem. He has to come up with this money by selling "hooch" or liquor at Church bought from Trumpy\'s "suppliers". Rooster goes to Rose\'s house to warn her of danger, but she is already packed up and ready to leave. As Rose drives away in a taxi, she is being watched by one of Trumpy\'s henchmen \'. Meanwhile Rooster begins to have more problems at the club, and forces Angel to sing. Angel then has a flashback of how she stole the real Angel Davenport\'s  identity, and begins to show fear about singing onstage. However Percival gives her a song that he wrote for her to sing. At first she shows stagefright and is booed at the club, but then she gets into the song and the crowd goes wild, and Percival and Angel fall in love. Angel tells Percival how she plans on doing a concert in Chicago, and then traveling the world. During a storm, Percival is playing the piano in the attic of the morgue, while Angel lies on her bed thinking about him, Angel runs over to the morgue to be with Percival, and the two have sex. Roosters\'s wife Zora gets tired of his cheating and moves with their children to her mother\'s house. Angel finds out that she got the deal in Chicago and persuades Percival to go with her, but he refuses, since he wants to stay and take care of his father. The next morning Angel wakes to find out that Percival knew that she wasn\'t who she said she was, and reveals that her real name is Sally B. Shelly and finally persuades him to go to Chicago with her. Rooster devised a plan to buy liquor from two bootleggers that are well known to him, GW  and his partner. This allows him to bypass Trumpy\'s absurd prices and make a much bigger profit. One day, Rooster is making his rounds to pick up hooch from GW to load in a hearse borrowed from Percival, when he sees a car on the road that seems to be stuck. He approaches the car to see an old woman, Mother Hopkins , and her grandchildren. Mother Hopkins tells Rooster that he is an angel and gives him a bible. Rooster walks into the old abandoned house of the two bootleggers and sees that GW\'s partner is killed and GW is being beaten to the point of death by Trumpy\'s henchmen. Rooster is caught and brought to Trumpy, and GW is shot and killed. There is a fight between Rooster and Trumpy\'s henchmen. Rooster is shot but not killed due to the bible in his jacket and drives away in the hearse. However Trumpy pursues him and shoots at him. Rooster escapes into the Church club, and soon after Trumpy arrives at the club. Before going to Chicago, Angel and Percival decide to make a stop at the Church club, Rooster and Trumpy have a dramatic fight in the club and shots are fired by Trumpy. Everyone in the club panics, and just when Trumpy is about to shoot Rooster, Trumpy is shot and killed by Percival. Percival then notices that Angel has been shot and runs to her aid. However Angel dies soon afterward and Percival begins to grieve. He then tends to her and prepares her for burial, dressing her up in a wedding gown and slipping a ring on her finger, implying that he was planning on marrying her. Afterward, Percival attempts to commit suicide by hanging himself in his room, but is interrupted when Rooster rings the doorbell. Percival is consoled and gives Angel\'s Chicago bound ticket to Rooster, who is then reunited with his wife and children. Percival then begins to make records and tour in clubs throughout America and becomes famous. The film ends with pictures of Percival, and Angel in her coffin hung next to a picture of Percival\'s mother in her coffin at Percival\'s house.'] ['The narrative unfolds through two characters, Maurice and Silien, and consistently switches back and forth between them, leading the audience to grasp randomly for a distinct main character or hero . Through Maurice and Silien’s actions, the film explores just how deeply qualities such as friendship and loyalty run. Le Doulos begins by introducing us to Maurice, an ex-con, just released from prison after serving a six-year sentence. He then murders his friend, Gilbert, and steals the jewels he had been hiding, products of a recent heist. Shortly afterwards, Maurice plans a heist of a rich man’s estate and shares his plan with Silien, who is rumored to be a police informant. Silien is later picked up and questioned by the police. The film unfolds from there, incorporating a number of plot twists revealed through Melville’s traditionally styled hard-boiled dialogue and picturesque visuals.'] ['Tony "le Stéphanois" has served a five-year prison term for a jewel heist, and is now out on the street and down on his luck. His friend Jo approaches Tony about another jewel heist in which they and Mario would stealthily cut the glass on a Parisian jeweler\'s front window and grab some gems. Tony opts not to participate. Tony learns that his old girlfriend, Mado, has now aligned herself with Pierre Grutter. Finding Mado at Grutter\'s nightclub, he invites her back to his rundown flat. Mado has been well-kept, and Tony savagely beats her for being so deeply involved with Grutter. Tony changes his mind about the heist; he now accepts on the condition that they hit the jeweler\'s safe, not the window. Mario, an Italian, suggests they employ the services of his compatriot César, a safecracker. The four team up and plan a way to work around the ingenious alarm system guarding the jewelry shop. Casing the store, the group decides to drill through the ceiling from an upstairs flat which will be vacant on a Sunday night extending into Monday morning before the jeweler returns. The suspenseful break-in completed, the criminals seem to have triumphed. Without the others\' knowledge, César has pocketed a diamond ring as a gift for his mistress Viviane, a chanteuse at Grutter\'s club. The four men arrange to fence the loot with a London contact. Meanwhile, Grutter has seen Mado and her injuries; Mado breaks off their relationship. From this, Grutter infers that Tony is at the root of Mado\'s decision; he then gives drugs to his heroin-addicted brother and tells him to murder Tony. Grutter sees the diamond César gave to Viviane and realizes that César and Tony were responsible for the jewel theft. Grutter forces César to confess. Seeking revenge and money, Grutter\'s gang brutally murders Mario and his wife Ida. Tony retrieves Mario\'s share of the jewels and pays for a splendid funeral for him. Tony goes looking for Grutter and finds the captive César, who confesses to ratting him out to Grutter. With regret, Tony kills César. Meanwhile, Grutter\'s thugs have kidnapped Jo\'s five-year-old son Tonio, demanding that Tony give over the loot or young Tonio will be killed. The London fence arrives with the cash, which now seems pointless to Jo, who along with his wife, is tormented with worry for their son. Seeking the boy, Tony tracks him down at Grutter\'s country house and kills Grutter\'s brothers Rémi and Louis to save him. On the way back to Paris, Tony is told that Jo has cracked under the pressure and has taken the money to the house for Grutter. Grutter kills Jo, and then is killed by Tony, who is mortally wounded. Bleeding profusely, Tony drives maniacally back to Paris and delivers Tonio home safely. Tony dies in his car as police and bystanders close in on him and his remaining loot.'] ["Police Sgt. Whitey Brandon works for the Vice Squad and is determined to beat corruption in the city. He encounters Carol Hudson who is working as a model. She is sent to frame him and succeeds. Carol's sister comes to visit and is raped and bashed by a thug who knows Carol. Carol, desperate for revenge, enlists the help of Brandon to fight the thugs who attacked her sister."] ['An American family, Dr. Ben McKenna , his wife Jo  and their son Hank ([[Christopher Olsen  are vacationing in Morocco. On a bus from Casablanca to Marrakesh, they befriend a Frenchman named Louis Bernard , who is friendly enough, but Jo becomes suspicious at his many questions and evasive answers, and thinks he is hiding something. Bernard offers to take the McKennas out to dinner that night but suddenly cancels when a sinister-looking man arrives at the door of the McKenna\'s hotel room claiming to be looking for another guest\'s room. Later, while dining at a local restaurant, the McKennas meet an English couple, the Draytons, who strike up a conversation with the McKennas, who are surprised to see Bernard arrive at the restaurant and sit at another table while apparently ignoring the group. The next day, while exploring a busy outdoor marketplace in Marrakesh with the Draytons, the McKennas see a man in Arab clothing being chased by police. After being stabbed in the back, the man approaches Ben, who discovers the man is really Bernard in disguise. Before dying, Bernard whispers into Ben\'s ear that a foreign statesman will be murdered in London very soon, and that he must tell the authorities there about \'Ambrose Chappell\'. Mrs. Drayton offers to return Hank to the hotel while Dr. and Mrs. McKenna are questioned by the authorities. The interrogator reveals that Bernard was a French Intelligence agent on assignment in Morocco. While at the police station, Ben receives a phone call from a mysterious man who informs him that Hank has been kidnapped but will not be harmed if the McKennas say nothing to the police about Bernard\'s last words. After arriving in London the McKennas are told by Scotland Yard Inspector Buchanan that Bernard was indeed a spy trying to uncover an assassination plot in Morocco, and that they should contact him if they hear from the kidnappers. Leaving friends in their hotel room, the McKennas follow a false lead resulting from their assumption that \'Ambrose Chappell\' is a person, but finally track the kidnappers to a church named \'Ambrose Chapel\', the kidnappers\' base of operations where Mr. Drayton, posing as a minister, is leading a service. While Jo calls police, Drayton ends the service early and Ben confronts him and is knocked out. The Draytons take Hank to a foreign embassy just before Jo arrives with the police at the seemingly deserted chapel. Jo learns Buchanan has gone to a concert at the Royal Albert Hall and goes there to get his help. There she sees the man who mistakenly came to her door in Morocco. When he threatens her son if she interferes, she realises he is the assassin sent to kill the foreign Prime Minister  now also at the concert hall. Ben escapes the locked chapel and tracks Jo to the hall, where she points out the assassin to him. Ben frantically searches the balcony boxes for the killer, who is waiting for a cymbal crash to mask the gunshot. But when Jo sees the barrel of the assassin\'s gun appear from behind a curtain, she screams just as the cymbals crash, causing him to miss his mark and merely wound his target. Ben finds and struggles with the assassin, who falls to his death from the balcony. The grateful Prime Minister invites the McKennas to meet with him at his London embassy. The McKennas learn that the Draytons have taken refuge in the Prime Minister\'s embassy, where Hank is being held, and where the ambassador has led the plot to kill his own Prime Minister. Hatching a plan to find their son, Ben and Jo arrive at the residence and are welcomed as heroes for having saved the Prime Minister\'s life. Jo loudly sings a song Hank is familiar with so that he will hear his mother\'s voice and hopefully respond to it. Mrs. Drayton, who is guarding Hank but is unwilling to harm him, tells him to whistle along with the song, which draws Ben to the room where he is being held. Mr. Drayton catches them and tries to escape with the two as hostages, but is struck by Ben and falls down the stairs and is killed when his gun fires accidentally. The McKennas return to their now-sleeping friends in their hotel room, where Ben says, "I\'m sorry we were gone so long, but we had to go over and pick up Hank."'] [': In 1901 Corleone, Sicily, nine-year-old Vito Andolini’s family is killed after his father insults local Mafia chieftain Don Ciccio. He escapes to New York and is registered as "Vito Corleone" on Ellis Island. On the occasion of the 1958 first communion party for his son, Michael Corleone has a series of meetings in his role as the Don of his crime family. With Nevada Senator Pat Geary, he discusses the terms of a fourth state gaming license for the Corleones, but the two only trade insults and demand payoffs. Johnny Ola arrives to express support for Michael on behalf of Florida gangster Hyman Roth. At the same time, the Don struggles to manage his depressed sister Connie and older brother Fredo. Corleone caporegime Frank Pentangeli is very unhappy that his boss will not help him defend New York against the Rosato brothers, who work for the Jewish Roth. That night, Michael survives an assassination attempt at his home and puts consigliere Tom Hagen in charge, reassuring him of their fraternal bond. : In 1917, Vito Corleone  lives in a tenement with his wife Carmela and son Sonny, and works in a New York grocery store owned by the father of a close friend. A member of the Black Hand, Don Fanucci, who extorts protection payments from local businesses, forces the store owner to fire Vito and give his job to Fanucci\'s nephew. As a favor to his neighbor, Peter Clemenza, Vito hides a stash of guns; in return, he is invited to the burglary of a rich apartment. His share of the loot is a plush rug, which he lays in his own living room. In Miami, Michael tells Roth that Pentangeli was behind the assassination attempt; he then tells Pentangeli that Roth ordered it and asks him to cooperate. Pentangeli meets the Rosatos but their men garrote him, saying they act on Michael\'s orders. Geary finds himself in Fredo\'s brothel with a dead prostitute and no memory of how he got there; he accepts Tom\'s offer of "friendship" to cover up the incident. After witnessing a rebel suicide bombing in Havana, Cuba, Michael becomes convinced of the rebels\' resolve to overthrow the dictator Fulgencio Batista. Fredo brings Michael the money for a deal with Roth, but instead of turning it over to Roth, Michael asks who put out the hit on Pentangeli. Roth is reminded of his late friend Moe Greene{{spaced ndash}}dead in a spate of Corleone killing{{spaced ndash}}saying, "This is the business we\'ve chosen. I didn\'t ask who gave the order because it had nothing to do with business!" At a New Year\'s Eve party, Fredo lets slip that he knew Johnny Ola despite his previous denial. Dismayed, Michael embraces his brother, revealing that he knows he was behind the plot on his life, and a frightened Fredo flees in the chaos. Michael\'s bodyguard strangles Ola but is killed by police before he can finish off the ailing Roth. Back home, Hagen informs Michael that Roth is recovering in Miami and that Kay\'s pregnancy has miscarried. : Three years later, Vito has two more boys . He and his partners  face extortion by Don Fanucci, who demands they let him "wet his beak" from their recent burglary or he will have the police ruin Vito\'s family. Vito persuades his partners to pay Fanucci less than he asks and promises he will "make him an offer he don\'t refuse" as a favor to them. During a neighborhood festa, Vito meets with Fanucci and earns his respect. He then follows Fanucci, surprises him in his apartment foyer, shoots and kills him, takes back his partners\' money and escapes.  In Washington, D.C., a Senate committee investigating the Corleone family cannot find evidence to implicate Michael until a surprise witness is called. Pentangeli, ensconced in FBI witness protection and ready to avenge the attempt on his life, is prepared to confirm accusations against Michael until his Sicilian brother attends the hearing at the Don\'s side; Pentangeli denies his sworn statements and the hearing dissolves in an uproar. : Vito has become a respected figure in his New York community. He confronts a landlord who doesn\'t know him, offering extra money to let a widow keep her apartment. The landlord says he has already leased it and becomes angry when Vito demands that he allow her to keep her dog. Later the landlord learns that he may have offended the wrong person. Terrified, he returns to assure Vito that the widow can stay, along with her dog, at a reduced rent.  Michael and Hagen observe that Roth\'s strategy to destroy Michael is well planned. Fredo has been found and persuaded to return to Nevada, and in a private meeting he explains his betrayal to Michael; he was upset about being passed over to head the family, and helped Roth, thinking there would be something in it for him. He swears he was unaware of their plan to kill Michael. He tells Michael that the Senate Committee\'s chief counsel is on Roth\'s payroll. Michael disowns Fredo and instructs Al Neri that " nothing is to happen to him while my mother\'s alive." Afterwards, Michael violently prevents Kay from leaving with their children; she retaliates with the revelation that her miscarriage was actually an abortion. :In 1923, Vito, together with his young family, visits Sicily for the first time since leaving for America. He is introduced to the elderly Don Ciccio by Don Tommasino as the man who imports their olive oil to America, and who wants his blessing. When Ciccio asks Vito who his father was, Vito says, "My father\'s name was Antonio Andolini, and this is for you!" He then plunges a large knife into the old man\'s stomach and carves it open. As they flee, Tommasino is shot, confining him to a wheelchair for the rest of his life. Michael\'s mother dies. At the funeral, a reformed Connie implores Michael to forgive Fredo. Michael relents and embraces Fredo, but glances at Neri. Roth is refused asylum and even entry to Israel. Over Hagen\'s dissent, Michael plans his revenge. Hagen visits Pentangeli and offers to spare his family, reminding him that failed plotters against the Roman Emperor took their own lives. Connie helps Kay visit her children, but Michael closes the door on any forgiveness. As he arrives in Miami to be taken into custody, Hyman Roth is shot in the stomach and killed by Lampone, who is immediately shot dead by FBI agents. Frank Pentangeli is dead in his bathtub with slit wrists. Neri shoots Fredo while they are fishing on Lake Tahoe. : The Corleone family gathers to surprise Vito for his fiftieth birthday. Sonny introduces Carlo Rizzi to Connie. Tessio comes in with the cake, and they discuss the attack on Pearl Harbor earlier in the month. Michael announces he has left college to enlist in the Marines,United States World War II leaving Sonny furious, Tom incredulous, and Fredo supportive. Vito is heard at the door and all but Michael leave the room to greet him. Michael sits alone by the lake at the family compound.'] ['Johnny Colini, an exiled American gangster living in Rome, rescues Salvatore Giordano, a young Sicilian outlaw, from the police. After Giordano is groomed, polished, and renamed "Johnny Cool," Colini sends him on a mission of vengeance to the United States to assassinate the men who plotted his downfall and enforced exile. Johnny arrives in New York and quickly kills several of the underworld figures on Colini\'s list. Meanwhile, he picks up Darien "Dare" Guiness, a wealthy divorcée who becomes his accomplice, she is later severely beaten by the gangsters as a warning to Johnny against pursuing his vendetta. Soon the FBI becomes involved, and when Johnny and Dare bomb the Hollywood home of gangster Lennart Crandall, the police are able to identify Dare\'s car. The two separate and plan to meet later, but Dare, realizing that Johnny is a vicious killer, tells his enemies where to find him. She then surrenders herself to the FBI, and Johnny is murdered by the henchmen of one of his victims.'] ['The film features Harvey Keitel as a pianist who also works for his loan shark father as a "collector". He is a conflicted soul, torn between his art, his loyalty to his father, his sexuality, and his past.'] ['The story begins in the 1960s with three inmates in a New York prison &mdash; Earl , Rocco , and Carlito  &mdash; controlling their criminal empire within their cell. Upon their release, they all look to control the drug trade in Harlem, which is currently in a power dispute between the Italian Bottolota crime family and black gangsters led by Hollywood Nicky . Rocco takes them to Artie Bottolota  who at first is reluctant to work with blacks and Puerto Ricans, but who eventually cuts a deal with them in heroin distribution. The friends also meet Artie\'s son, Artie Jr. Soon, Earl\'s troubled younger brother Reggie joins them. After Artie Jr. offers to shake hands with Reggie, when he sees he and Carlito at a strip joint, Reggie turns him down, saying "my brother was doing fine without you". Artie Jr. insults Reggie with a racial slur, spurring Reggie to curse him and spit in his face. Artie Jr. assaults Reggie, but the fight is broken up. Carlito urges Reggie to wait until Artie Jr. and his crew leave. The mobsters leave, only for Carlito and Reggie to be cornered by them outside. Artie Jr. attempts to kill Reggie with a straight razor by cutting his tongue out, while Carlito is restrained. Rocco pulls up and tells Artie Jr. to let him go, reasoning they will "take care of him." Carlito also meets a young lady named Leticia and meets her brother Sigfredo. Carlito is then introduced to Leticia\'s entire family as a booker. Sigfredo knowing who and what Carlito really is and does, which leads to an immediate confrontation. After shooting Carlito with a .38 Special Colt Detective Special revolver, Sigfredo then has to leave and take his family as well to prevent himself any danger. Reggie, after being abandoned by Carlito, who Earl asked to take care of, attacks and kidnaps Artie Jr. outside of his house, with the help of two other thugs. After Reggie gets the ransom, he leaves Artie Jr. in the trunk of a car to die, but he is released by police and returns to his family. The Bottolotta Family blames Carlito, Rocco, and Earl, who left with his girlfriend to get married, for assisting Reggie in the kidnapping. Artie Sr. puts out a contract on Carlito, Rocco and Earl until Reggie and his men are dead. The hitman contracted to kill them, Nacho Reyes , and Hollywood Nicky\'s driver help them find the two hoodlums who were with Reggie. Nacho tortures the two men to death and they give their dismembered body parts to Artie Sr. Carlito and Nacho find Reggie in an apartment, along with Earl who flew back to New York due to the situation. The four men draw guns, Nacho holding two .357 Magnum Colt Python revolvers & Carlito holding a .38 Special Smith & Wesson Model 64 revolver and Reggie threatens Carlito, preparing to fire on him. Earl chooses Carlito over Reggie, and murders his brother, sobbing over his body afterwards. Nacho leaves and Carlito, Earl and Rocco work for the Bottolotta Family, dealing heroin. The Bottolottas have them deal heroin for them, and then dismiss the three. Carlito and Earl pay off the N.Y.P.D., the team led by the most corrupt, feared cops in Harlem to raid and kill the entire Bottolotta Family. Carlito, Rocco and Earl fly to the islands with Earl for his wedding. Earl retires, and Carlito reunites with Leticia, retiring temporarily.'] ['Three Englishmen working as waiters on a cruise ship in 1927 are given a chance to work for the Al Capone gang.'] ['It\'s the late 1980s and low-level mobster Giacomo "Jackie Dee" DiNorscio has just been shot by his junkie cousin Tony Compagna, but refuses to press charges against him to police. Jackie soon gets arrested and is sentenced to thirty years on an unrelated drug bust. Tony, afraid of reprisals from the extended mob family run by Nick Calabrese, agrees to be a government witness for district attorney Sean Kierney, who intends to bring down dozens of organized crime figures all at once. Kierney tries to bribe Jackie to be a government witness as well, but it\'s not in the gregarious Jackie\'s nature to be a rat. That sets in motion a massive court case where Jackie, Nick and dozens of other mobsters are tried together for a countless number of crimes in front of presiding Judge Sidney Finestein. Upset with his current lawyer, who couldn\'t even keep him from doing a 30-year stretch, Jackie turns down an offer to be represented by lead defense attorney Ben Klandis and decides to represent himself in court, despite having no legal background or any real knowledge of how to proceed. Jackie\'s mischievous and vulgar manner amuses the jury on occasions but persistently irritates the judge, lawyers, witnesses and defendants, including his friends from the mob. As weeks turn into months, the court case evolves into a marathon affair. Jackie turns the courtroom into something of a three-ring circus. Ben begins to believe that maybe Jackie could be effective, but Nick Calabrese is furious and Judge Finestein repeatedly threatens the charismatic mobster with contempt of court. Jackie\'s estranged wife, Bella, visits him in jail, where he is becoming increasingly frustrated. Guards spy on him and prosecuting attorneys remove his favorite chair, causing considerable pain to Jackie\'s injured back. He apologizes to the court and tries to mind his manners in the end. The prosecutors and the defense return to their offices expecting the jury to deliberate for at least a week. However, the jury came to a decision after only 14 hours of deliberation. The jury reaches a verdict of not guilty. The entire courtroom reaches pandemonium as the family celebrates. The entire family hugs the jury as the jury is about to leave. Meanwhile, Jackie is the only one that returns to jail to finish his sentence. Jackie is welcomed as a hero in the correctional facility and the prisoners chant \'Jackie\' and extend their hands in tribute to the man who refused to compromise his family for his life.'] ['Frank Ross  is a crusading reporter for a big city newspaper who is on the trail of a crooked assistant D.A., Jesse Hanley who is running for Governor. At the Banton Construction Co., Ross sees Hanley and his men burning books and ledgers before a possible investigation brought about by the paper that Ross works for. His editor Patterson backs Ross in getting Hanley but Hanley decides to get rid of him, so frames him. Knocked out and covered in whiskey, he is put in a runaway car which collides with another, killing 3 young people and is thrown in prison for one to twenty years on a charge of automotive manslaughter. He meets a gangster, Stacey , who, as there is no death penalty in that state, is in for 199 years. They work in the twine-making room together and Stacey falls into Ross\'s debt when Ross saves him from a knife thrown by another inmate. Ross\'s reporter friends outside are trying to help him win vindication, by finding the real culprits, but they are having no success. Stacey agrees to help Ross find the real killers, if he helps him escape from a courthouse. They arrange that Stacey be named by Ross as guilty for killing of Limpy, another inmate and hated stool pigeon. Ross goes along with the plot, but antagonizes Stacey by tipping off his old newspaper so the court room is full of reporters which jeopardises his escape. He escapes by leaping from a window onto a truck with a soft landing but makes no effort to find the real culprits who were responsible for Ross\'s predicament. Ross, meanwhile, is implicated in the escape and after being beaten up by brutal guards, spends five months in "the hole". This is a cell where prisoners in solitary confinement are handcuffed to the bars, standing up and are fed bread and water. Ross who has become a bad character is promised a chance at parole by the warden if he behaves but unknown to him, Hanley\'s stooge, Grayce has been appointed head of the Parole Board and turns Ross down, meaning he must wait another five years before he can try again for parole. Stacey is convinced by Ross\'s reporter girlfriend, Joyce  to carry out his promise. He finds the man who "fingered" Ross and gets from him the name of the man who framed him: "Polecat", who just happens to be a jailhouse informant widely disliked in the same prison. Stacey, impressed with Ross being a "square guy," decides to go back to prison to find the informant and free Ross. Stacey and Ross are caught up in a jailhouse riot using revolvers which have been smuggled in. A vicious prison guard is killed and the warden and some of his men are captured, as hostages. But the National Guard have been sent for and attack the escaping prisoners with machine guns, gas and hand grenades. Stacey gets hold of Polecat and has him confess to framing Ross, where the warden and his men can hear and Ross is vindicated. Most of the escaping convicts die including the badly wounded Stacey who takes Polecat with him and deliberately gets them both killed, so that Polecat cannot go back on his confession. As Ross leaves prison with his girlfriend, Governor Hanley is arrested for murder.'] ["Near the completion of his sentence in Sing Sing prison, Paul Vitti's life is threatened by assassins and corrupt guards while incarcerated. He fakes insanity and starts singing showtunes from West Side Story to get the attention of Ben Sobel, who previously hung up on him while attending his father's funeral. The FBI calls in Ben to see if Vitti is really insane. This appears to be the case, and Ben gets permission to take Vitti out of prison, into his own custody, for more therapy. On their way out in Sobel's car, Vitti reveals that he faked it. Needing some therapy himself after his father's death, a grieving Sobel talks Vitti into finding a regular job . Vitti attempts to find a legitimate job , but his rude manners and paranoia mess things up. At the same time, he also discovers that the Rigazzi family is who wants him dead. He reacts to this by telling the Rigazzis that he is 'out' and seeking a new line of work. He finds employment working as a technical advisor on the set of a Sopranos-like mafia TV series. Meanwhile, FBI agents inform Sobel that Vitti has his old crew back together, and may be planning something big. This rouses Sobel's suspicion, and he visits Vitti, getting caught up with him in a car chase, which ends up with Vitti escaping. The FBI blames Sobel, and gives him 24 hours to track down Vitti. After locating Vitti , Sobel discovers Vitti is planning a big armored car heist. He tries to talk Vitti out of it, but Vitti goes ahead and Sobel is forced to go along. The crew ambush the armored car with smoke grenades, and lift it over a fence in the midst of the confusion. They extract $20M worth of gold bullion, but some of Rigazzi's thugs take over. Sobel in a fit of anger defeats one of them and Vitti's men take care of the rest. They use the $20 million in gold bullion to frame the Rigazzi family, leaving three Rigazzi goons locked in the armored truck suspended from the crane. This leads to the arrest of the entire Rigazzi family, and in turn, prevents a mob war. Sobel meets with Vitti and Jelly near bridges on the New York waterfront, and they part ways again as friends, singing another West Side Story showtune together."] ["The story centers around ex-kickboxing champion turned sports photographer, Max Havoc. Max finds himself in Guam for a publicity photo shooting. Max' helpful ways land him in the lives of the vacationing sisters Jane and Christy Goody, who have acquired a rare jade dragon. This dragon happens to belong to the ruthless Japanese yakuza who will stop at nothing to get it back."] ['J.J. , a rising star in the black crime scene, is in the process of consolidating his power over the neighborhood. One of the only remaining obstacles is the white heroin cartel that is understandably reluctant to abandon such a lucrative market. Tensions rise, and an explosive confrontation is the result.'] ['The film opens with an unnamed, veteran British gangster  attending a boxing match. Upon hearing the name of Freddie Mays in the conversation, he becomes upset and leaves without a word. He then enters a toilet and sets his glass of champagne on the floor near the urinal. As he urinates, some of his urine splashes into the glass. He picks it up and stops just as he\'s about to drink from it, looks to the camera and says, "What do you take me for, a cunt?" The film then flashes back to the 1960s, with a younger Gangster . He comes to the attention of a very influential London gangster, Freddie Mays , who recruits him to be an enforcer for his gang. The Gangster is eager to please, and proves his loyalty to Mays by enthusiastically dropping a car onto a mechanic\'s head after the mechanic attempts to stab Mays. The Gangster quickly becomes obsessed with Mays\' glamorous lifestyle and success, ogling his expensive suits, his watch, and in particular his tie-pin. The Gangster\'s obsession becomes more intense, to the point of wanting to be Mays, even picturing himself sitting in Mays\' place. The Gangster soon discovers that Mays\' main rival, Lenny Taylor , is planning on killing Mays. Instead of warning his boss, the Gangster decides to let the attack take place, even killing a member of his own gang who was set on going straight to Mays. The attack goes on as planned, and the Gangster sits in a car nearby to watch as the assassins gun Mays down and cut his fiancée Karen\'s  neck. That same night, the Gangster shoots Lenny in the leg, and then calmly turns up the Hi-Fi to drown the resulting screams and removes his suit to avoid any ill effects of what he\'s about to do. The Gangster tortures Lenny with a wine bottle, an axe, an ice pick, a machete and a fruit bowl, all amid a constant stream of kicks and verbal abuse. He finally kills Taylor by ramming his head through a pane of glass fronting a drinks cabinet, then smokes a cigarette in his blood-stained underwear while continuing to curse at his victim\'s corpse. Most of the scene is shown from Taylor\'s point-of-view, with images and sounds fading in and out as the victim moves in and out of consciousness and slowly dies. To the Gangster\'s surprise, Mays and Karen do not die in the attack. However, Mays is unjustly convicted of Taylor\'s murder and sent to prison for 30 years, with a minimum of 25. With Mays locked up and out of the way, the Gangster consolidates his power over the city\'s underworld. In the intervening years, he organizes a bank heist, runs a casino, fixes horse races, and builds his gang to 300 men strong. At this point, the film returns to 1999, with the Gangster once again portrayed by McDowell. Mays comes out of prison a changed man, holding a bachelor of arts degree. The Gangster is ready for a battle, but Mays seemingly has no fight left in him, wanting only to marry Karen and retire in peace. He tells the Gangster that he is welcome to the London underworld and will not stand in his way. The Gangster is infuriated that Mays is seemingly happier with nothing than the Gangster is with everything, and threatens Mays with a gun. He then gives Mays the gun and begs him to kill him, but Mays merely smirks and leaves, saying "Who\'d wanna be Freddie Mays?". In the face of his former rival\'s sneering indifference, the Gangster loses his mind and ends standing on top of a tall block of flats in his underwear, throwing money in the air and laughing maniacally. He finally leaps off the building to his death, declaring, "I\'m number one".'] ["Tommy is the son of a Mafia hitman, who, after his father is killed by a rival, moves with his younger brother to live with his aunt, uncle and counsin in Philadelphia. The sole member of his family who is not involved in crime, Tommy joins the Marines and fights in Operation Desert Storm. Becoming disillusioned when the conflict ended with Saddam Hussein still in power. and disenchanted with military service, Tommy assaults an MP, and steals a colonel's Jeep. Arrested when the jeep runs out of gas, the movie opens with Tommy in the brig at a US Marine base. An FBI agent  coerces Tommy into infiltrating the family business. The agent tells Tommy that he can protect his brother and cousin, if he'll get evidence against the Sicilian mob trying to take over the heroin trade in the US. Tommy is instructed to wear a wire to record negotiations between his cousin and gang leader, Joey Marcucci, and Mafia boss Luciano Reggio. Tommy tries to get incriminating evidence against Reggio, while protecting his cousin and younger brother in their fledgling attempts to become 'goodfellas'. His efforts to strike a balance between his family loyalties, and the FBI's need for evidence, take up most of the film's bulk."] ["This film is set in Harlem, of which 110th Street is an informal boundary line. By-the-book African-American Lieutenant William Pope  has to work with crude, racist but streetwise Italian-American Captain Frank Mattelli  in the NYPD's 27th precinct. They are looking for three black men who slaughtered seven men&mdash;three black gangsters and two Italian gangsters, as well as two patrol officers&mdash;in the robbery of $300,000 from a Mafia-owned Harlem policy bank. Mafia lieutenant Nick D'Salvio  and his two henchmen are also after the hoods. Paul Benjamin plays the troubled Jim Harris, who is the last of the surviving robbers; he makes his choice in the emotional climax. In one of many violent scenes, D'Salvio finds getaway driver Henry J. Jackson  and brutalizes him in a Harlem whorehouse."] ['When small-time hood Johnny Warjack and his gang hold up the Club Bermuda, a nightclub/gambling den, he is recognized. Club owner Marty Fain  orders his men to deal with Warjack and offers to make good his patrons\' losses. Socialite Linda Vickers  and gambler Nelson Clark  both try to take advantage of Fain\'s generosity. He does not believe either of them. Nonetheless, Fain deducts Clark\'s claimed $10,000 loss from his outstanding debts, but then demands the remaining $13,000 be paid within a week. As for Vickers\' $18,000 of stolen jewelry, she claims to have an insurance policy for that amount. Fain insists on seeing it, so they head for her apartment. The nightclub attendant says her car is parked far away, so Fain drives the woman home in his car. At her apartment, Vickers admits she lied. Fain is not surprised, having read of her financial troubles in the newspaper. They begin seeing each other. The next morning, Vickers is awoken by police Lieutenant McReady . Warjack was found murdered, and her car was spotted at the scene. Vickers has an alibi and sees no reason to divulge her suspicions. When she tells Fain of McReady\'s visit and mentions her excellent memory, Fain writes her a check for $18,000. She later returns it uncashed and breaks up with him. Her brother, "Doc" ([[Robert Hutton , arrives in the city to take up a new medical job. He does not approve of his sister\'s boyfriend, though he does not mind being introduced by Fain to Toni Peters , the club\'s singer. When Fain\'s men return empty-handed from trying to collect from Clark, he takes matters into his own hands. He sneaks into Clark\'s building and kills him, but is shot and seriously wounded himself. He manages to return to the nightclub before falling unconscious. One of his men spots Doc in the club and gets him to take care of the wound. However, when Doc refuses to accept a large bribe to keep him from reporting it to the police, Fain sends his hoodlums to persuade him to change his mind. When Doc tries to run, one of them shoots him. Vickers takes the news of her brother\'s murder hard. She agrees to help McReady try to incriminate Fain. Fain is suspicious when she asks him to take her back, especially since it is so soon after Doc\'s murder. When they are in her apartment, he finds a hidden tape recorder and turns it off. He then confesses he killed Clark, but that his gunman murdered Doc against his orders. Unbeknownst to him, there is also a hidden microphone, and the police are waiting when they emerge from the apartment. Fain is ready to give up, but Doc\'s killer uses Vickers as a shield. Fain struggles with him, and both men are killed by the police.'] ['A musician named Dixie Dwyer begins working with mobsters to advance his career but falls in love with the girlfriend of gangland kingpin Dutch Schultz. A dancer from Dixie\'s neighborhood, Sandman Williams, is hired with his brother by the Cotton Club, a jazz club where most of the performers are black and the customers white. Owney Madden, a mobster, owns the club and runs it with his right-hand man, Frenchy. Dixie becomes a Hollywood film star, thanks to the help of Madden and the mob but angering Schultz. He also continues to see Schultz\'s moll, Vera Cicero, whose new nightclub has been financed by the jealous gangster. In the meantime, Dixie\'s ambitious younger brother Vincent becomes a gangster in Schultz\'s mob and eventually a public enemy, holding Frenchy as a hostage. Sandman alienates his brother Clay at the Cotton Club by agreeing to perform a solo number there. While the club\'s management interferes with Sandman\'s romantic interest in Lila, a singer, its cruel treatment of the performers leads to an intervention by Harlem criminal "Bumpy" Rhodes on their behalf. Dutch Schultz is violently dealt with by Madden\'s men while Dixie and Sandman perform on the Cotton Club\'s stage.'] ['Several years after the events of A Better Tomorrow, Sung Tse-Ho  is offered early parole by the police in exchange for spying on his former boss and mentor, Lung Sing , who is suspected of heading a counterfeiting operation. Inspector Wu, the leader of the crime task force, wants to mark his retirement with the capture of a high-profile criminal like Lung. Ho, still loyal to Lung, initially declines. However, he changes his mind when he discovers that his younger brother Kit  is working undercover on the same case, and agrees to go undercover to protect his brother, who is expecting a child with his pregnant wife Jackie. While working the case, the two brothers meet and agree to work together on the investigation. After being framed for murder, Lung seeks Ho\'s help. Ho helps him escape to New York, but Lung suffers a psychotic break and is institutionalized after receiving news of his daughter\'s murder and witnessing his friend being killed. Meanwhile, Ho learns that Mark Lee has a long-lost twin brother, Ken , a former gang member who went legitimate and left Hong Kong as a teenager to travel across America, eventually settling and opening a restaurant in New York. Ho tracks down Ken and enlists his assistance in freeing Lung and nursing him back to health. Targeted by both assassins hunting for Lung as well as American mobsters looking to extort Ken\'s business, Ken and Lung  go into hiding in an apartment building, where Ken arms himself. During a shoot-out with the mobsters, Ken and Lung find themselves cornered. Seeing Ken wounded and in trouble, Lung regains his sanity and kills the last of the Americans pursuing them. The two return to Hong Kong and link up with Ho and Kit. The group discovers that one of Lung\'s employees, Ko Ying-Pui, is responsible for trying to kill Lung and has taken over the organization in Lung\'s absence. Lung resolves that he would rather destroy his organization by his own hands than let it fall into dishonor and ruin, and the team starts planning to act against Ko. After doing some reconnaissance in Ko\'s mansion alone, Kit is fatally wounded, roughly at the same time his daughter is born. He is rescued by Ken, who attempts to rush him to the hospital. Knowing that he won\'t make it, Kit persuades Ken to stop at a phone booth to call his wife. He manages, just before he dies, to name his child Sung Ho-Yin . After attending Kit\'s funeral, Ho, Ken, and Lung take revenge on Ko by attacking his mansion during a meeting with a counterfeiting client. An enormous gun battle ensues. The three kill approximately 90 others  but are all severely  wounded in the process. The three sit down in the mansion and are eventually surrounded by the police, led by Inspector Wu. Upon seeing the condition of the men, Wu motions to the other officers to lower their weapons. Ho remarks that Inspector Wu shouldn\'t retire yet as there is "much work left for [him] to do."'] ['Gangster Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel , who works for the New York mob, goes to California and instantly falls in love with Virginia Hill , a Hollywood starlet. The two meet for the first time, when Ben visits his friend, the actor George Raft, on a movie-studio set. He buys a house in Beverly Hills from opera singer Lawrence Tibbett, planning to stay while his wife and two daughters remain in the New York suburb of Scarsdale. As a representative for his associates Meyer Lansky and Charlie Luciano, Siegel is in California to muscle control of betting parlors away from Los Angeles gangster Jack Dragna. Mickey Cohen robs Dragna\'s office one day, and is confronted by Siegel. Dragna claimed losses of $56,000; Cohen admits to robbing $42,000. Siegel theorizes he should be in business with the guy that did the robbery, not the guy that got robbed. Mickey Cohen is put in charge of the betting casinos; Jack Dragna is forced to admit to a raging Ben, that Jack stole $14,000 from the New York Associates, and is told he now answers to Cohen. A humiliated and degraded Jack Dragna leaves the house. "Everybody needs a fresh start," says Ben, to the departing Dragna. A suddenly quiet Ben Siegel returns to the dinner table to eat his cold scampi. After having had an earlier argument about Virginia\'s sexual trysts with drummer Gene Krupa, and a variety of bull fighters, Virginia makes a romantic move on Ben, in the dining room. On a trip to Nevada to visit a dive gambling joint, Siegel comes up with the idea for a casino in the desert. He acquires funding from head mobster Meyer Lansky  and other New York mobsters who approve the deal for $1 million. The funds are approved when the associates make an unannounced visit to Siegel at his Scarsdale, New York Home. Ben is caught in the middle of preparations for his daughter Milllicent\'s birthday celebration. His wife, Esta, is full of marital frustration; Daughter Millicent feels abandoned on her birthday; Associate Meyer Lansky is conflicted between wanting to fund Ben\'s Casino-Hotel and worrying about Ben\'s obsession with wanting to kill Mussolini. Bugsy puts Virginia in charge of accounting and begins construction of the Flamingo Las Vegas Hotel Casino, Las Vegas, Nevada, but has no sense of control and the budget soon rises to $6 million. Bugsy tries everything to ensure it gets made, even selling his share of the casino and most of his belongings. Bugsy returns to the East Coast for the party for Charlie\'s trip to Italy. Charlie says "Congratulations Ben. Virginia will make a great wife. But I hope you know what you\'re doing." Bugsy pummels Joey A. at the party, for a previous insult made regarding Virginia. Bugsy is visited in Los Angeles by former associate Harry Greenberg. Harry has ratted out his old associates to save himself. Harry has also run out of money, from a combination of his gambling habits, and being extorted by the prosecutors who want his testimony. Ben is Harry\'s last and only friend. We don\'t see Ben kill Harry, but there is a gunshot, while Virginia waits in the car. Ben and Esta are out to dinner in a restaurant with their two daughters. Ben suggests that maybe the anticipated move to California is not such a good idea. Esta and Ben have a confrontation in the women\'s restroom, away from earshot of the children. "You want a divorce! Say it!! You want a divorce!" Esta screams in Ben\'s face, slapping him several times. Ben has a guilty look on his face, as he watches their cab drive away from the restaurant. Bugsy is arrested for Harry Greenberg\'s murder. But incarceration is short. The only witness is a cab-driver who dropped off Harry in front of Ben\'s Beverly Hills house. The cab driver is escorted to the train station by Mickey Cohen. Meyer is waiting for Ben outside the jail. Meyer has a satchel of money that he gives to Ben. "Charlie doesn\'t have to know about it," he tells Ben. But he also tells Ben, "I can\'t protect you anymore." Upset about the costs, the fact that the casino is a failure, and that $2 million of the budget is unaccounted for, Meyer Lansky asks Bugsy to meet him in Los Angeles. Bugsy discovers that Virginia stole the money but tells her to "keep it and save it for a rainy day" rather than return it. He then calls Lansky and tells him never to sell his share of the casino and that he\'ll live to thank him someday. While in his home back in L.A. later that night, Bugsy is killed by several gunshots. Virginia is told the news back in Las Vegas and becomes upset, rushing out of the casino. The final text before the credits states that she returned the missing money a week later and committed suicide at some point after that. It also states that by 1991 the $6 million invested in Bugsy\'s dream of Las Vegas had generated revenues of over $100 billion.'] ['Jessie McMullen  is a Scotch-Irish American widower who emigrated with his Sicilian wife to New York in September 1946. A lovable rogue,incorrigible womaniser and tough guy, Jessie is proud of his criminal past and lifestyle. He raised his son Vito  to follow in his footsteps, but Vito went straight at 21 when Adam his son was born. Vito now runs a thriving wholesale Twelfth Avenue meat packing warehouse and has left his criminal past behind him. Over the years, Vito became ashamed of his family\'s criminal past. He went into a legitimate business, married his middle class Jewish sweetheart and has tried to raise his son Adam right, which in his mind means keeping young Adam  away from his criminally minded yet charming grandfather. Little does Vito know that this strategy has backfired, the mystery surrounding Jessie, coupled with his strict educational upbringing has caused Adam to idolize his grandfather and romanticise his exciting lifestyle. Now that Adam is grown up  and makes him pay. In the meanwhile a crestfallen Vito gives in to his wife\'s suggestion that he give himself and his father up, and rats Jessie out, as well as giving himself up. A judge finds all three McMullens to be at fault, but after generously placing both Vito and his son on probation, he throws the book at Jessie,giving him a 15 year sentence- tantamount to a life sentence. Adam visits his grandfather devotedly in jail while banning Vito from his life. Vito\'s explanations that he did what he did, he did for Adam\'s own good, fall on deaf ears as Adam calls him a "piece of garbage" and lambasts him for "ratting out his own father". Jessie dies in prison, as Vito arrives minutes too late to say a last goodbye. As the body is being carted away, Vito makes a last dash in vain to intercept the body on its way to the morgue. He falls just short as the prison gates shut behind him and he breaks down in tears. Vito and Adam eventually make their peace months later. Vito agrees with Adam that the most fun they have had as a family was the caper. Together they give Jessie a grand sendoff.'] ['The film follows three friends, a cop, a priest and a kid from the neighborhood who wants to handle the family business. Then a man named Philly enters the picture and suddenly things become difficult.'] ["French hitman Lucien Bellon  has been hired by mobsters to kill Victor , a rival mobster. Bellon goes to Victor's home, in Los Angeles, and shoots him point-blank. Bellon's luggage and passport are stolen. Meanwhile, on television, news accounts of the murder allude to the police seeking not a French killer but an American one. Bellon stays in Los Angeles to discover the truth. Apparently, another hit man named Lenny  has been hired to kill Bellon. Along the way, Bellon encounters a beautiful woman named Nancy , who offers to help. As he attempts to save his own life, Bellon hijacks a car and holds a woman  and her son hostage."] ['Las Vegas magician and wannabe gangster, Buddy "Aces" Israel  is hiding out in a Lake Tahoe hotel penthouse with his entourage. His agent, Morris Mecklen , discusses a potential immunity deal with FBI Deputy Director Stanley Locke . Agents Richard Messner  and Donald Carruthers  learn that ailing Las Vegas mob boss Primo Sparazza  has issued a bounty on Israel worth one million dollars, and involving a mysterious assassin known only as The Swede, stipulating that he will bring Sparazza Israel\'s heart. A number of assassins also seek the reward, including Lazlo Soot ([[Tommy Flanagan , who specializes in disguises and impersonations; Sharice Watters  and Georgia Sykes , two hitwomen hired by Sparazza\'s underboss; Pasquale Acosta , a calm torture expert and mercenary; and the psychotic punks Tremor brothers, Darwin , Jeeves , and Lester . Locke dispatches Messner and Carruthers to take Israel into custody when the deal is struck. Meanwhile, a team of bail bondsmen, Jack Dupree  and his partners, "Pistol" Pete Deeks  and Hollis Elmore  have been hired by the firm that posted Israel\'s bail to bring him into custody. The bondsmen are attacked by the Tremors, and only Elmore escapes alive. Messner is dispatched to the murder scene while Carruthers proceeds to Israel. At the same time, each of the assassins gain access to the hotel in their own various ways. Carruthers encounters Acosta, disguised as a security officer, in an elevator at the hotel. Carruthers senses something is wrong and both are mortally wounded in a gunfight. Meanwhile, Soot gains access to the penthouse by posing as one of Israel\'s henchmen. Israel\'s second-in-command, Sir Ivy ([[Common , learns that Israel agreed to inform upon Ivy as part of the plea deal and attempts to kill him, but Israel injures Ivy long enough for the hotel security team to restrain Ivy. Georgia finds Carruthers and Acosta in the elevator, but assumes Acosta is Soot. In Los Angeles, Locke abruptly withdraws from the deal with Israel and orders that Messner and Carruthers are not told. The Tremor brothers reach the penthouse floor, where they engage in a shootout with the security team and Ivy, who manages to kill Jeeves and Lester. Israel, learning of the FBI\'s new position, attempts suicide. Messner arrives at the hotel and sets up a position around Georgia\'s elevator. Sharice provides cover from another hotel with a .50-caliber, M82 sniper rifle, outgunning the FBI agents. Acosta, still alive, shoots Georgia, but is shot by Carruthers. Sharice, thinking Georgia is dead, refuses to escape and keeps shooting at the FBI team. Georgia escapes to the penthouse, where she stops Darwin Tremor before he can kill Ivy. Tremor escapes, and Messner, distraught over the death of Carruthers, stops Ivy and Georgia on the stairwell, but lets them escape. Sharice, after seeing the pair alive and free through her rifle scope, is gunned down by the FBI. Locke and a team of FBI agents descend on the penthouse and take Israel to the hospital, while Soot escapes by tearing off his disguise & dressing as a member of hotel security. Acosta, carted away on a gurney, is also shown to be alive. Darwin Tremor tries to escape, but is gunned down by Hollis Elmore. Messner arrives at the hospital and learns the truth about the day\'s events from Locke. It transpires that the mysterious Swede is a prominent heart surgeon and that Soot was hired by Sparazza to get Israel\'s heart so it could be transplanted into the body of Sparazza. Sparazza is further revealed to be Freeman Heller , an FBI agent who went undercover and was thought to have been killed by the mob. The FBI had attempted to kill Heller, after they thought his assignment had blurred the lines between being a mobster or an FBI agent. But Heller survived and ended up taking on the role as Sparazza full-time. The mobster has agreed to expose the mob\'s operations in exchange for Israel\'s heart as he is Sparazza\'s love child and, thus, the most compatible donor. Messner, furious over the unnecessary deaths, especially Carruthers\', protests and is ordered by Locke to leave the hospital and go home to Washington, D.C, as he is no longer on the case. Realizing that the FBI will never admit what they did, he walks into the emergency room, locks the door and pulls the plug on both men. He then lays his gun and badge on the floor while Locke and his men desperately try to break in, apparently resigning as an FBI agent.'] ["In 2006, the drug trade is booming. The Malaysian Intelligence and Anti-Narcotic Department are called upon for assistance by their Indian counterparts. The Indian team is headed by DCP D'Silva , who wants to break the drug operations of a drug lord named Singhania. Helping him along the way is Malik . Both of them know that in order to capture Singhania, they must capture his most loyal ally Don . Don is extremely dangerous - he has even been known to kill one of his own men Ramesh, who attempted to leave Don and his gang without informing Don first. Ramesh's fiance Kamini  decides to help D'Silva arrest Don but in the process, she is also killed by Don. Now, Ramesh's sister Roma  manages to get her way into Don's gang by persuading them that she is wanted by the police - her real plan is to murder Don in order to avenge her brother and his fiance. Don and his gang, consisting of Anita  his girlfriend and Narang  travel to India to trade some drugs. D'Silva and his team follow them there - Don is injured fatally during a police chase. D'Silva keeps this a secret - he decides to track down a look alike of Don named Vijay  and asks him to pose as Don so that he  can get the gang arrested. Vijay agrees when D'Silva promises to admit Deepu , a child Vijay looks after, to a good school. Meanwhile, Jasjit , Deepu's real father has just been released from prison and becomes bent on killing D'Silva. This is because Jasjit was committing a crime in order to save Deepu and his wife from a gang of criminals and D'Silva had Jasjit arrested, thereby preventing Jasjit from saving his wife from death. Vijay is admitted to the same hospital as Don, who is in a coma. Vijay, through an operation, soon gets all the scars which Don has, put on his body. Suddenly, Don dies of heart failure. When Vijay  re-enters the gang, he will have lost his memory - the more he learns about Don, the more he shall remember. The gang have a disc which contains some of their most vital information. Vijay agrees to take this disc to D'Silva - Roma decides to go with him. When they arrive, Roma attempts to kill Vijay . However, D'Silva arrives and tells Roma about his and Vijay's plan. Roma and Vijay now find themselves falling in love. D'Silva soon finds Singhania and kills him. In a police raid, Vijay and the gang members are all arrested by Malik and his team. D'Silva is killed in a blast - this is unfortunate for Vijay because D'Silva is the only person who could prove that Vijay is not the real Don. Vijay escapes and tries to pursue the disc he gave to D'Silva in order to prove his innocence. Jasjit still continues to try and find his son, Deepu. It is revealed he is in possession of the disc - he receives a telephone call saying that if he wants to see his son again, he will have to bring the disc to the men who have Deepu hostage. At this meeting, it is revealed that D'Silva has been alive all along and is actually Vardhan, the longtime rival of Singhania. Jasjit manages to escape with his son. He meets Vijay and Roma and reveals that D'Silva is really Vardhan - the three hatch a plot to help Malik arrest Vardhan. The next day, Jasjit arranges a meeting with Vardhan, saying he will hand over the disc. Vardhan and Vijay engage in a fight until Vardhan is defeated and arrested. Vijay gets badly injured during the fight, and is rushed to hospital - before he leaves, Roma confesses her love for him. In a final twist, it is revealed that the real Don is alive and was pretending to be Vijay the whole time. In the hospital, Don quickly recovered from the coma and overheard D'Silva's conversation with Vijay. He switched places with Vijay, meaning Vijay died of heart failure. It is also revealed that the disc Don gave to the police was fake. In the end, Don and Anita both escape, knowing the police nor Roma will never capture Don."] ['Hitman Trabucco has been hired to eliminate Rudy "Disco" Gambola before he testifies against fellow members of the Mob, but completing the contract becomes problematic once he encounters suicidal Victor Clooney, an emotionally disturbed television censor staying in the room adjacent to his in the Ramona Hotel in Riverside, California. When Victor climbs onto the ledge outside his window, Trabucco convinces him not to jump by agreeing to drive him to the Institute for Sexual Fulfillment, the nearby clinic where Victor\'s wife Celia, a researcher for 60 Minutes, is gathering information for a segment on the program. At the clinic, Victor discovers Celia has fallen in love with Dr. Zuckerbrot, who is concerned her husband\'s suicide will reflect badly on his practice. Trabucco accidentally is injected with a tranquilizer intended for Victor, who volunteers to fulfill the killer\'s contract when Trabucco\'s vision is impaired. After overcoming assorted complications, Victor completes his task. However, despite Victor\'s high hopes, Trabucco has no intention of sticking together and parts ways with him following their escape. Trabucco retires to a tropical island, where he unexpectedly is joined by his nemesis after Celia runs off with Dr. Zuckerbrot\'s female receptionist to become a lesbian couple. Desperate to see Victor gone, Trabucco suggests to his native attendant to reinstate the old custom of human sacrifices for the local volcano ...'] ['In 1960, Lorenzo Anello  is raising a family: he lives in the Bronx with his wife Rosina  and his young son Calogero , who takes a dangerous fascination with the local boss. One day Calogero witnesses a murder committed by the local Mafia boss, Sonny , in defense of an assaulted friend. When Calogero chooses to keep quiet when questioned by NYPD detectives, Sonny takes a liking to him and gives him the nickname "C". Sonny\'s men offer Lorenzo a job to make more money, but Lorenzo, preferring a law-abiding life, politely declines. Sonny, however, befriends Calogero and introduces him to his crew. Calogero earns tips amounting to 600 dollars working in the Mafia bar and throwing dice, and is admonished harshly by Lorenzo when he discovers it. Lorenzo speaks severely to Sonny, returns the money, and warns him to keep away from Calogero. Outside the bar, Lorenzo admonishes Calogero, who is unrepentant, and slaps him across the face. Calogero begins to tear up, and Lorenzo hugs him and apologizes, picking him up and carrying him home past the bar\'s front window, through which Sonny can be seen watching. Eight years later, Calogero  has grown into a young man and has secretly been visiting Sonny regularly without his father\'s knowledge. Calogero is also part of a gang of local Italian boys he grew up around, even though Sonny tries to persuade Calogero to keep away from them and focus more on his schoolwork. Later on, Calogero meets a African American girl from Webster Avenue named Jane Williams , and is smitten with her. Despite the high level of tension and dislike between Italians and Blacks, particularly amongst Calogero\'s friends, Calogero arranges a date with Jane. He asks for advice from both his father and Sonny, the latter who agrees to lend Calogero his car and tells him of a test to determine whether or not the date is a worthwhile prospect. Around the same time, Calogero\'s friends beat up black cyclists passing through their neighborhood; Calogero is powerless to stop them but does his best to defend a young man named Willie, who turns out to be Jane\'s brother. Willie, however, mistakes Calogero for one of the assailants and accuses him of beating him when Calogero and Jane meet for their date. In the ensuing argument, Calogero loses his temper at Willie\'s lack of gratitude and responds by addressing him rudely with a racial slur, but then instantly regrets it. Heartbroken, Jane and Willie walk back to the car and leaves Calogero. At home, Calogero is confronted by his father, who saw him driving Sonny\'s car from the window. An argument ensues, and Calogero storms out. Suddenly, he is confronted by a furious Sonny and his crew, who found a bomb in Sonny\'s car and suspected Calogero of planning to assassinate him. Calogero swears his innocence again and again as Sonny treats him roughly and accuses him of lying even about the existence of Jane. Calogero breaks down, proclaiming his love and dedication to Sonny, whereupon Sonny recognizes Calogero\'s innocence and allows him to leave. Lorenzo, who saw the mobsters roughing Calogero, emerges to defend his son, but is held back by Sonny\'s men. The black men egg the Italian boys\' usual spot in retaliation for the previous beating, and in revenge, Calogero\'s friends make a plan to strike back using molotov cocktails. They take an unwilling Calogero with them but during the ride, Sonny stops the car and orders Calogero out. Calogero catches up with Jane, who tells him that Willie had since admitted that the boy who beat him up wasn\'t Calogero, but that Willie was angry and tried to hurt Calogero  by lying about him. Jane and Calogero make amends, but Calogero suddenly remembers his friends\' plans to assault Jane\'s neighborhood, and the two rush to stop them. However, upon arriving, Calogero and Jane see the boys\' car destroyed. During the assault, someone had thrown one of the molotov cocktails back into their car through the window, igniting the remaining bottles, causing a crash and explosion and killing all of Calogero\'s friends. Calogero rushes to the bar to thank Sonny for saving his life, but the bar is crowded, and an unnamed assassin  shoots Sonny in the back of the head before Calogero can warn him. A funeral is then held for Sonny, where countless people come to pay their respects. Once they are all gone, a lone man named Carmine  visits, claiming that Sonny once saved his life as well. Calogero does not appear to know Carmine, but remembers him when he sees a scar on his forehead: the day Sonny had committed that murder outside Calogero\'s home when Calogero was little, it had been in defense of Carmine, who was being beaten by the assailant with a baseball bat. Carmine tells Calogero that he will be taking care of the neighborhood for the time being and promises him help should he ever need anything, and leaves just as his father arrives, surprisingly, to pay his respects to Sonny, and thank him for saving his son: he says that he had never hated Sonny, but merely resented him for making Calogero grow up so quickly. Calogero makes peace with his father, and the two walk home as Calogero narrating about the life lessons he learned from the two men.'] ['Rudolph Strelitz, known as ‘Barrabas’, is the brutal leader of an underground gang who causes mayhem and destruction to the lives of civilized people. A lawyer, Claude Varèse, is strongly determined to bring Strelitz to justice for the purpose of revenge, after his father was wrongly guillotined for the murder of Laure d’Hérigny, a mistress of a missing American millionaire. Later Claude Varèse’s sister, Françoise, is then abducted by the evil Dr Lucius, one of Barrabas’ henchmen.'] ["The Chicago Outfit was the most powerful organized crime syndicate of the 20th century, and Lou Marazano  was their deadliest hit man. Twenty years after his most notorious wave of hits, Lou is a relic, his legend obscured, his talents forgotten...his glory days over. When high-profile union representative Joe Barbone is arrested for tax fraud, the Outfit's top boss  orders a string of key witnesses silenced before the government can uncover a vast conspiracy involving police officers, city officials, and mob affiliates. When Lou finds out about the job, he sees an opportunity to finance his retirement and leave Chicago with his girlfriend . But when relentless detectives  begin nipping at his heels, and the acting street boss, ([[Mike Starr  who is looking to make his promotion permanent, decides to revoke Lou's membership to the Outfit - Lou must prove he is worthy of being the Outfit's most deadly hit man - a title he held over twenty years ago."] ["Axel Freed is a New York City English professor with a gambling addiction that begins to spiral out of control. In the classroom, Freed inspires his college students with his interpretations of Dostoevsky's work. In his personal life, Axel has the affection of the beautiful Billie and the admiration of his family, including his mother Naomi, a doctor, and his grandfather, a wealthy businessman. Unbeknownst to them, Axel's reckless gambling on basketball games has left him with a huge debt. His bookie Hips likes the professor personally but threatens grave consequences if he doesn't pay up. Axel's descent into addiction requires him to extort a hefty $44,000 from his mortified mother to repay what he owes. He goes away with Billie to a casino where he makes a small fortune, only to blow it all again on basketball bets. He takes out his anger on Billie, who does not appreciate having loan sharks come to their apartment in the middle of the night. Expecting help from his grandfather, Axel gets nothing but the older man's disappointment and disgust. The only solution left is to lure one of his students, a basketball star, into accepting a bribe to shave points in a game so that Axel can pay off his debts. Having corrupted a previously innocent youth, Axel is so appalled by his own behavior that he masochistically confronts a dangerous man who leaves him with a bloody and permanent reminder of his actions."] ['Jimmy Kilmartin is an ex-con living in Astoria in the New York City borough of Queens, trying to stay clean and raising a family with his wife Bev. But when his cousin Ronnie causes him to take a fall for driving an illegal transport of stolen cars, a police officer named Calvin Hart is injured and Jimmy lands back in prison. In exchange for an early release, he is asked to help bring down a local crime boss named Little Junior Brown. Jimmy\'s wife is killed in a car accident and his cousin Ronnie is beaten to death by Little Junior. With Jimmy still refusing to testify or "name names," years pass in Sing Sing without an early release. By the time Jimmy finally agrees to work with District Attorney Frank Zioli, his daughter barely knows him. Jimmy remarries and attempts to renew a relationship with his child. But he is sent undercover by Detective Hart to work with Junior and infiltrate his operations. As soon as Little Junior kills an undercover federal agent with Jimmy watching, the unscrupulous district attorney and the feds further complicate his life. He must take down Junior or face the consequences.'] ["Charley Varrick is a crop-duster and former stunt pilot by trade. The aging trailer-park dweller has clearly not been too successful. Together with three others, including his wife Nadine and edgy Harman Sullivan, a heavily disguised Varrick robs a small bank in Tres Cruces, New Mexico. During the robbery, two policemen and the fourth robber are killed and Nadine is mortally wounded. Varrick and Sullivan find themselves with $750,000&nbsp;&mdash; far more money than they expected. The bank manager, timid Harold Young, reports only $2,000 stolen. Realizing they have stolen the proceeds of a mob money laundering operation, Varrick and Sullivan find themselves in trouble not only with the police but with several shady characters, in particular mob money man Maynard Boyle and an amoral hired killer called Molly. Also being threatened by his partner Sullivan, who wants to spend the money immediately rather than lying low for years until the heat is off, Varrick decides to double-cross him before Sullivan can do the same to him. He makes a plan to flee the country and puts in a rush order for two fake passports with Jewell Everett, a pretty photographer. She promptly betrays Varrick and puts Molly on his trail. The sadistic Molly catches up with Sullivan at the trailer, brutally beating and killing him while attempting to determine Varrick's whereabouts. Boyle, meanwhile, terrifies the mousy bank manager Young with the threat that the mob will suspect the robbery to be an inside job. One of the descriptions of torture that Boyle suggests will befall Young involves a pair of pliers and a blowtorch. Rather than submit to such treatment, Young commits suicide by shooting himself. Varrick flies his plane to Reno, where he surprises and seduces Boyle's secretary, Sybil Fort, who urges Varrick not to trust her boss. Nonetheless, Varrick sets up a meeting with Boyle in a remote automobile wrecking yard back in New Mexico, arriving for it in his crop duster. He greets Boyle so warmly that Molly becomes convinced the men must be partners. Molly angrily runs down Boyle with his car. Molly then proceeds to stalk Varrick, who tries to escape by plane. Molly damages the crop-duster's tail with his car before it can take off. Varrick's crippled plane flips over. Flat on his back in the wreckage, Varrick can do nothing to save himself except tell Molly where the money is hidden. Seemingly in mortal danger, Varrick has actually set a booby trap for Molly, flipping the plane on purpose, a trick he learned back in his barnstorming days. Molly goes to retrieve the hidden money and is blown up. In the remains of the explosion are a number of hundred-dollar bills and Sullivan's body, to be mistaken for that of Varrick, who had earlier switched dental records. Varrick scoops up the remaining money and makes his getaway."] ['{{Expand section}} A gang of robbers are terrorizing and robbing banks and payrolls in North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland. The gang\'s leader, George, seems to take particular delight in "bumping off" women who cross him. The film starts with comments from then-governors of North Carolina, Virginia and Maryland about how crime doesn\'t pay. Then the film\'s action begins.'] ["A terminally ill crime boss, known only as The Man, hires a hit man named Frank to carry out his own assassination as well as the assassination of The Woman he loves. When The Woman turns out to be Frank's long lost lover, he turns against The Man becoming the target himself."] ["Ralph Cotter is a career criminal who escapes from prison, then murders his partner in crime. Along the way he attempts to woo his ex-partner's sister  by threatening to expose her role in his escape. Cotter quickly gets back into the crime business, only to be shaken down by corrupt local cops."] ['The film charts the lives of the Krays from childhood, paying particular attention to how they were very close to their doting mother  and also the relationship between the twins, with Ronald  the more dominant and violent twin and Reginald  committing acts of violence primarily at the behest of his brother.'] ['Leon "Bernzy" Bernstein is a free-lance photographer for the New York City tabloids of the 1940s, dedicated to his vivid and realistic work and his ability to get shots nobody else can get. He is very confident of his skills. At one point in the movie he says, "Nobody does what I do. Nobody." With a police radio under the dashboard of his car and a makeshift darkroom in his trunk, he quickly races to the scene of horrific crimes and accidents in order to snap exclusive photographs. He\'s so good at his job that he becomes known affectionately as the "Great Bernzini." Bernzy meets the sultry widow Kay Levitz, who owns a nightclub. It seems the mob is muscling in on her due to some arrangement with her late husband. Kay asks if Bernzy could investigate an individual she considers troublesome. Generally unsuccessful with women, Bernzy agrees to help. In fact, he begins falling in love with Kay. After talking to his contacts, including journalist friend Arthur Nabler, he tracks down Kay\'s man, only to find him dead. But when he calls the police, he becomes a suspect. The police and the FBI are also very interested in this case. Bernstein makes a connection with gangster Sal, uncovering a conspiracy involving a mob turf war, gas rationing and the government. His activities get Sal killed and place Bernzy\'s life in great danger as he waits in hiding at a restaurant where a mob hit is about to take place.'] ["Two crime lords, Virgil Vadalos , a wealthy Greek mafia boss and an MS-13 leader meet in a bathhouse to discuss business. A woman appears in the room with a Stiletto switchblade knife, and kills the MS-13 leader, before stabbing Virgil, leaving him for dead. Virgil survives, however, and orders his men and a corrupt LAPD detective to find the woman, whom he identifies as his lover, Raina . Virgil is puzzled by Raina's seemingly random attacks and seeks an explanation for her actions. Making things worse for Virgil is the disappearance of $2 million in cash. Virgil's two top henchmen—the intense Lee  and scheming Alex —dislike each other and suspect the other of being involved with the disappearance. Raina, meanwhile, is seeking out men who wronged her in the past. She hunts down, seduces and kills several men from several different gangs, throwing the underworld further into mayhem. As she kills one after another, she is headed straight for her original target: Virgil."] ['After spending seven years in solitary confinement during which his sister-in-law is murdered, confidence trickster Jake Green  is out to get revenge on Dorothy Macha , a corrupt casino boss. Dorothy Macha was involved in illegal gambling all over the city. With the help of three goons, known as "the three Eddies", he controlled several games that took place in the underground. On one occasion, just before a big game, Macha lost his card man. Knowing about Jake\'s skill at the table, Macha and the three Eddies asked him to fill in the spot. When Jake refused, they harassed Jake\'s brother, Billy, and Billy\'s family in order to convince Jake to play. He succumbed and ended up winning. The loser, a high roller named George, insulted Jake\'s mother and Jake responded by shooting him in the foot, igniting a gunfight in which the game\'s money vanished. Two weeks later, Jake\'s name is mentioned to the police and he is brought in for questioning. Taking precautionary measures, Macha sends the three Eddies to Billy\'s house where they threaten his niece. Billy\'s wife reacts poorly in the situation and is accidentally shot. Jake does not give Macha\'s name to the police and ends up sentenced to jail and is given the choice of 14 years normal time or 7 years in solitary. He chooses the latter. During his seven-year stint imprisoned in solitary confinement Jake learns of a specific strategy  that is supposed to lead its user to win every game. The Formula itself was discovered by two unnamed men who inhabited adjacent cells on either side of Jake\'s own. They are referred to as a chess expert and a con man. During the first five years of his seven-year sentence, the three men communicated their thoughts on confidence tricks and chess moves via messages hidden inside library books, such as The Mathematics of Quantum Mechanics. The chess expert and the con man plan to leave their cells simultaneously, and promise to take Jake with them. But when they disappear from their cells, they leave Jake behind to serve the remaining two years of his sentence. When Jake is released, he finds that all of his possessions and money have been taken by the two men with whom he had shared everything. Still, he has The Formula, and he goes about making a lot of money at various casinos. Two years later, Jake has garnered a reputation that leads many casinos to fear his freakishly good \'luck\'. The Formula applies to any game, and is often exemplified by Jake\'s apparent mastery of chess. The story revolves around Jake\'s epiphanic awakening, as he learns how to apply the Formula to the \'game\' of life. Approximately two years after his prison release, Jake, Billy and their other brother Joe walk into one of Macha\'s casinos. He is recognized and "all the tables are closed" to Jake and company. But Macha promptly calls them up to a private area of his casino where a high rollers\' game is currently taking place. Jake bets Macha a fortune on a chip toss, and wins. This hurts Macha. As Jake says "nothing hurts more than humiliation and a little money loss". Macha suspects that Jake, who seems unafraid of him, will be out for more revenge. As Jake and his brothers leave the casino, a man hands Jake a card and tells him that he can help him. Jake, who has a fear of enclosed spaces, decides to take the stairs. In the stairwell he looks at the card and then collapses, falling down the stairs. The card is revealed to read "Take the Elevator". Jake is rushed to the hospital. The doctors report he is very ill but do not disclose why he had the blackout. Macha puts out an order for a hit on Jake. Jake arrives home, without Billy, to be welcomed by one of Macha\'s hits. However, on his doorstep there is another card, which says "Pick This Up". As Jake bends to retrieve the card bullets fly over his back. As the shooting continues, the same mysterious individual called Zach  arrives and rescues Jake who is the only person to survive the hit. Zach introduces Jake to his partner, Avi . They offer him a deal: they will take all of his money and he will do what they say, no questions asked. In exchange, they will protect Jake from Macha. In the course of their proposal, they show Jake his medical file, which they have mysteriously obtained. It indicates that the blackout occurred due to a rare blood disease which will cause his death within three days. Jake suspects a con. The mysterious men later reveal that his money will be used to fund their loan shark enterprise. Sam Gold is seen to be the \'king\' in this chess game of gang warfare. He is the ultimate figure that all men are supposedly aspiring to be. Sam Gold is revealed to be an ultimately powerless cipher, whose power is granted only by those who invest in him. He represents ego and self-investment. He is the personification of greed. It is revealed that Avi and Zach were Jake\'s "neighbours" during his years of incarceration. They have forced Jake to "induce head pain to engage the enemy" by making him give his money away under the principle that "nothing hurts more than humiliation and a little money loss". They are inflicting this form of \'premature enlightenment\' upon Jake because, according to them, he was not ready to hear how hard this process of liberation was going to be while in prison. It was because of this that they left without him. Avi attempts to get Jake to understand the nature of the ego. He tells Jake "the greatest con that [the ego] ever pulled was making you believe that he is you." This is seen to be the \'ultimate con\', in that no-one wants to sever their connection with their ego, because they refuse to challenge their own lifelong investment in it. In the end, Jake also steps off the proverbial chess board by making a conscious effort to reverse everything his ego tells him to do. This is seen to be the truest and most fundamental application of the Formula. The characters of Jake, Zach, Avi and Sorter  are seen to ultimately reject the ego\'s \'rules\'. The character of Dorothy Macha is seen to succumb to them.'] ['The film is set in 1995, drug suppliers and career criminals Tony Tucker, Patrick Tate and Craig Rolfe were blasted to death by a shotgun whilst waiting in a Range Rover in Rettendon, Essex. The film charts their rise to become the most prolific dealers and feared criminals in the south of England, maintaining the hold on their empire with fear and violence. The story of this film is based on the rettedon murders in 1995, another film based on the famous murders is the film essex boys starring sean bean.'] ['Diane Blaine has the face of a movie star. Unfortunately, fallen star/tabloid queen Jamie Stephens already made it famous. Hollywoods constant rejection due to what Diane refers to as "TJS"  has made her bitter, frustrated....and, yes, whiny. Co-worker/boyfriend Jack Sanders doesn\'t help matters. His idea of ambition is letting it ride. Now he\'s in major debt to a trigger-happy mobster who, interestingly enough, has a thing for Jamie Stephens. Jack\'s only way out? Convince Diane to be Jamie and wipe out the debt having one meal with a made man. It\'s literally the performance of her life. With Jack\'s on the line.'] ['After stealing an {{convert}} diamond in a heist in Antwerp, Franky "Four-Fingers"  goes to London to deliver it to diamond dealer Doug "The Head" ([[Mike Reid  on behalf of New York jeweller "Cousin Avi" , who bankrolled the theft. One of the other robbers advises Franky to obtain a gun from ex-KGB agent Boris "The Blade" . Unbeknownst to Franky, Boris and the robber are brothers and plan to hire a third party to rob him of the diamond. Meanwhile, unlicensed boxing promoter and casino owner Turkish  convinces local gangster "Brick Top" ([[Alan Ford  to add the matches of boxer "Gorgeous George"  to the bets at Brick Top\'s bookies. However, when Turkish sends his partner Tommy ([[Stephen Graham  and Gorgeous George to purchase a caravan from a group of pikeys, George gets into an impromptu fight with Mickey O\'Neil , a bare-knuckle boxing champ who badly injures George with a single punch. Turkish convinces Mickey to replace George in his upcoming match by agreeing to purchase a new caravan for Mickey\'s mother . Brick Top agrees to the change on the condition that Mickey throws the fight in the fourth round. Boris gives Franky a gun in exchange for a favour: Franky is to place a bet on Boris\' behalf at Brick Top\'s bookies. Avi learns of this and, knowing Franky has a gambling problem, flies to London with his bodyguard "Rosebud"  to claim the diamond. Boris hires Vinny  and Sol , two pawnbrokers and small-time crooks, to rob Frankie of the diamond while he is at the bookies. The robbery goes awry and Sol, Vinny, and their driver Tyrone ([[Ade  are caught on-camera, but manage to kidnap Franky. Instead of throwing the fight, Mickey knocks his opponent out with a single punch. Infuriated, Brick Top robs Turkish of his savings and demands that Mickey fight again, and lose this time. Meanwhile, Boris retrieves the diamond and executes Franky. As Sol, Vinny, Tyrone, and their accomplice "Bad Boy" Lincoln  are puzzling over how to dispose of Franky\'s body, Brick Top arrives to execute them for robbing his bookies. Sol bargains for their lives by promising Brick Top the stolen diamond, and is given 48 hours to retrieve it. Avi and Doug hire "Bullet-Tooth" Tony  to help them find Franky. When the trail leads to Boris, they kidnap him and retrieve the gemstone, closely pursued by Sol, Vinnie, and Tyrone. As they are driving, Tommy carelessly throws Turkish\'s carton of milk out the window of their car; it splashes over Tony\'s windshield, causing him to crash. Rosebud is killed, and Boris escapes from the wreck only to be hit by Tyrone\'s car. Tony and Avi regroup at a pub where they are confronted by Sol, Vinny, and Tyrone. Tony quickly realizes that their pistols are replicas loaded with blanks, and intimidates them into leaving him alone. The wounded Boris arrives with an assault rifle and is killed by Tony, but Sol and Vinny escape with the diamond, which Vinnie hides in his pants. When Tony catches up to them, they tell him that the diamond is back at their pawn shop. Once there, they run out of stall tactics and produce the diamond, but it is promptly swallowed by a dog that Vinnie got from the pikeys. Avi fires wildly at the fleeing dog and accidentally kills Tony. He gives up his pursuit and returns to New York. Mickey refuses to fight again unless Turkish buys an even more lavish caravan for his mother, but Turkish has no money left. Furious, Brick Top has his men vandalize Turkish\'s gambling arcade and burn down Mickey\'s mother\'s caravan while she is asleep inside it. Mickey agrees to fight in order to avoid more carnage, but gets so drunk after his mother\'s wake the night before that Turkish fears he won\'t even make it to the fourth round. If he fails to go down as agreed, Brick Top\'s men will execute Turkish, Tommy, Mickey, and the entire campsite of pikeys. Mickey takes a heavy beating but makes it to the fourth round, when he makes a sudden recovery and knocks out his opponent with a powerful blow. As they flee the building, Brick Top is killed by the pikeys, who have turned the tables on him: Mickey had bet on himself to win, and waited until the fourth round to allow the other pikeys time to ambush and kill Brick Top\'s men at the campsite. The next morning, Turkish and Tommy find the pikey campsite deserted. They are confronted by the police and don\'t know what to say, until Vinny\'s dog suddenly arrives and they claim to be walking it. They are released, while Sol and Vinnie are arrested when the police find the corpses of Franky and Tony in their car. Turkish and Tommy take the dog to a veterinarian to extract a squeaky toy that it had swallowed earlier, and discover the diamond in its stomach as well. They consult Doug about selling the diamond, and he calls Avi who returns to London.'] ['The story centers on a 1931 heiress kidnapped for ransom by a brutal gang, whose mentally-impaired "leader" ([[Scott Wilson   falls in love with her. It was previously filmed in England in 1949 under its original title, and the central conceit was that the heiress, who felt stifled by her upper-class life-style, fell in love with the abductor and his comparative freedom to live his life on the edge. In this remake, Aldrich and Griffiths reversed this angle; here, she merely strings him along in an attempt to escape. This version was also played more for laughs, in particular the outlandishly deranged behavior of the gang.'] ['The story takes place in a mysterious underworld of swanky nightclubs where armed criminals listen to Rat Pack music and hold shootouts from a seated position, behind desks. Mickey Holiday is the top enforcer for Vic, the mob boss. Vic is about to be released from a psychiatric facility, or, as his adversary Jake Parker puts it, "the loony bin." In his absence, Ben London has been running Vic\'s nightclub while Mickey has been romancing both Rita and Grace Everly, which is doubly dangerous inasmuch as they are sisters and Grace was previously Vic\'s girl. Parker recruits a number of hired guns in an attempt to seize power. Mickey kills the first to challenge him, Lee Turner. The next one brought in by Parker, identified as Nicholas Falco and supposedly the fastest draw of all, murders Mickey\'s close friend, Jules Flamingo, who is unarmed. A showdown is arranged and Mickey ends up eliminating both Parker and the apparently overrated Falco. Vic returns to resume his reign as mob boss. He brings with him a new enforcer, the "real" Nicholas Falco, the previous one having been an impostor. "Brass Balls" Ben London promptly challenges Vic for control of the organization  and is shot dead. Falco proceeds to gun down the remaining opposition, including "Wacky" Jackie Jackson, and is eager to shoot it out with Mickey Holiday once and for all. Mickey attempts to repair his relationship with Rita, who is furious that he has been seeing her sister on the side. Mickey finally confesses to Grace that he has been seeing her in the daytime and Rita at night. She also has been unaware that Vic is back in town. At a final confrontation held in a private office, Grace reveals that she is pregnant with Vic\'s child. Forced to choose between Holiday and Falco before they shoot it out, Vic sides with his old friend and Grace kills Falco. He and Mickey end up  living happily ever after with the Everly sisters.'] ["{{Inappropriate tone}} Hell's Kitchen on Ash Wednesday, 1983; rumors are flying that Francis Sullivan's  younger brother Sean , dead for three years, has reappeared. If he wasn't killed by rivals, then old scores still need settling, putting both Francis and Sean in danger. An upstart is pressuring the local mob boss, who's Francis's protector; Sean's wife, Grace , an Afro-Latino, believes she's a widow and has gotten on with her life, but Sean has come back for her. The parish priest, part of the initial deception, is frightened. Bad guys with guns are closing in. Can Francis get Sean and his wife out of the city, avoid a war between rival factions, and hold onto new-found morality? Will the cross of ashes on his forehead protect him? Francis helps Sean reunite with Grace and his son, Sean Jr., and they head out of the city together in the back of a van, but Francis stays behind to stop Moran . The film closes with Francis wiping the cross of ashes from his forehead. When he steps outside of the pub minutes later, he is shot down. He dies and the sniper leaves the scene before the police arrives."] ['In 1975, after serving 5 years of a 30 year prison sentence, Carlito Brigante  is freed on a legal technicality exploited by his close friend and lawyer,Dave Kleinfeld . Carlito vows to be through with his criminal activities but is persuaded to accompany his young cousin Guajiro  to a drug deal held at a bar. Guajiro is betrayed and killed by his suppliers and Carlito is forced to shoot his way out. Afterwards, Carlito takes Guajiro\'s $30,000 from the botched deal and uses it to buy into a nightclub owned by a gambling addict named Saso  with the intent on saving $75,000 to retire to the Caribbean. As nightclub co-owner, Carlito declines several offers for a business partnership with an ambitious, albeit obnoxious, young gangster from the Bronx named Benny Blanco . Carlito also rekindles his romance with his former girlfriend Gail , a ballet dancer who moonlights as a stripper. Kleinfeld develops a love interest with Benny\'s girlfriend, Steffie, a waitress at Carlito\'s nightclub. Benny\'s frustration with Carlito\'s constant rejections boils over and he confronts Carlito one night at his table. Carlito publicly humiliates Benny, who reacts by manhandling Steffie. Fueled by his now extensive use of alcohol and cocaine, Kleinfeld brazenly pulls out a gun and threatens to kill Benny, but Carlito intervenes. Despite being personally threatened by Benny himself, Carlito lets Benny go unharmed; a decision which alienates Carlito\'s gangster friend and personal bodyguard Pachanga . Kleinfeld, who stole one million dollars in payoff money from his Italian mob-boss client, Anthony "Tony T" Taglialucci, is coerced into providing his yacht to help Tony T break out of the Rikers Island prison barge. Kleinfeld begs for Carlito\'s assistance in the prison break, and Carlito reluctantly agrees. Under cover of night, Carlito, Kleinfeld, and Tony T\'s son, Frankie, sail to a floating buoy outside of the prison barge where Tony T is waiting. As they pull Tony T aboard, Kleinfeld unexpectedly bludgeons him to death then slits Frankie\'s throat and dumps both of their bodies in the East River. Carlito immediately severs his ties with Kleinfeld and decides to leave town with Gail. The next day, Kleinfeld barely survives a retaliatory assassination attempt when he\'s stabbed in the chest at his office by two mobsters. Carlito is apprehended by police and taken to District Attorney Norwalk\'s  office where he is played a tape of Kleinfeld making a deal and offering to testify to false criminal allegations against Carlito. Norwalk advises that he is aware of Carlito as an accomplice to the Taglialucci murders in an attempt to leverage him into betraying Kleinfeld to save himself, but Carlito refuses. Carlito visits Kleinfeld under police protection in the hospital, where Kleinfeld confesses to selling him out; Carlito warns Kleinfeld that he\'s crossed the line from being a lawyer to acting like a gangster, and other gangsters will treat him accordingly. Carlito then buys train tickets to Miami for himself and Gail, now pregnant. When he stops by his club to get the stashed money, Carlito is met by a group of Italian mobsters led by Vinnie. The Italians plan on killing Carlito, but he manages to slip out through a secret exit. The Italians pursue him throughout the city\'s subway system and into Grand Central Terminal where they engage in a gunfight. Carlito kills all of his pursuers except Vinnie, who is shot and killed by police attracted by the gunfire. As Carlito runs to catch the train where Gail and Pachanga are waiting for him, he is ambushed by a disguised Benny, who shoots Carlito several times in the abdomen with a silenced gun. Pachanga admits to the dying Carlito that he is now working for Benny, only to be shot as well. Carlito hands a tearful Gail the money and tells her to escape with their unborn child and start a new life elsewhere. As he is wheeled away on a gurney, Carlito stares at a billboard with a Caribbean beach and a picture of a woman. The billboard then comes to life in his mind, and the woman, who is clearly Gail, starts dancing as Carlito slowly passes away.'] [" After the end of the Cambodian Civil War, people in Cambodia struggled in their return to their normal lives. Among them is a kickboxer Savannah . A survivor of the war, who lost most of his family to the horrors of the Khmer Rouge, he lives with his uncle in Phnom Penh. Savannah begins a romance with a 19-year-old bar girl, Srey Poeuv . She is humiliated by her debts to the bar's owner, and is forced to keep working. Savannah wants to help Srey clear her debt, so he teams up with an ex-soldier and plans a crime that could net him some money."] ['This Steven Seagal thriller sees Wong Dai , an influential Chinese drug kingpin, sitting at a long table in an old building in Paris, France, going through the motions of a gigantic merger between himself and several other major Chinese drug dealers. Sai Lo  controls shipments in the French heroin market in Paris, using laundromats all over Paris as a front. Tang "The Bird" Zhili  controls the entire New York drug conglomerate from the Chinatown section of New York, and runs Mahjong gambling rackets. Yin Quinshi  of Sofia, Bulgaria, controls an Eastern European drug cartel. Li Bo  controls drug exports in Shanghai, China, and has a penchant for French restaurants. Fang "The Barber" Lee  controls a drug cartel in Paris, France, and he is known to hire unique assassins. And Mr. Chang  controls drug money in London, England. Yale University archaeology professor Robert Burns , who has just recently won the Winthrop Award for excellence in archaeology, stumbles onto the fact that his expedition to China, near the China/Kazakhstan border, is being used by Wong as a cover for a drug smuggling operation. Realizing the danger of sticking around, Burns and his assistant, Luo Yi , make a run for it, but in the resulting gunfight, Yi is killed. When Burns reaches the border, he finds that Wong\'s smugglers have set him up for smuggling the drugs. Burns lands in a Chinese prison, framed for drug running. Burns is questioned by Chinese narcotics cop Tommie Ling  and DEA agent Ed Gray , who want to release him and use him as bait to nail the drug smugglers. Burns, referred to by the Chinese drug barons as the "gweilo Professor", is quickly released and sent to the USA, where he promises Yi\'s father Luo Dazhong ([[Vincent Wong  that he will get revenge for Yi\'s murder, but Wong is not done with Burns yet. Wong sends hitmen to Burns\'s house in New Haven, Connecticut to plant a bomb, which explodes and kills Burns\'s wife Maya . With the two people closest to him dead at the hands of Wong and his minions, and with Tommie and Gray shadowing his every move, Burns is out for revenge. As it turns out, Burns was not always a Professor. Burns was once a thief of Chinese artefacts, who served time in prison and earned his archaeology degree while in prison. He changed his name and married Maya after he was released. With his determination to exterminate those who killed Maya, Burns tells Tommie and Gray to stay out of his way, as he cuts a bloody path through Chinatown and across Europe on his way to a confrontation with Wong.'] ["Terry  and his two partners from the Chicago special investigation police squad are engaged in war against Chicago's mafia boss, DiMarco . Despite many attempts to jail him, he always manages somehow to walk free. Not discouraged by that, police prepares another action to raise some evidence against DiMarco, this time it's a controlled sale of drugs for $3 million. After the exchange of the money for the narcotics police wants to arrest gangsters involved in the business, unfortunately this won't come without a shootout, during one of them manages to escape . The other gangster which was wounded during the shooting is making confessions in the hospital , those are though worthless in the eyes of the judge, who rules that the interrogation was held with use of 'excessive force' and as that was illegal. DiMarco is once again free, furthermore now he wants vengeance on the police who, as he thinks stole his money. Terry's co-cops are being killed one by one and soon he finds himself in peril, especially after he learns that DiMarco's suspicions are not so quite abstract."] [" The film is the story of Govind Narang, an honest, chivalrous, and good-looking man from a small village in Punjab. He falls in love with Sudha, but marries Masterji's daughter, Pushpa, as she is pregnant by a police officer, who refuses to marry her. Pushpa does not love Govind, and hates Sudha. Together with her brother, Laxman, Pushpa tries to have Sudha thrown out of the village, but is unsuccessful. When Laxman finds out about Pushpa's infidelity, he poisons her, and after his wife's death, Govind relocates to Mumbai, with his sister, Ratna. He meets beautiful Gitika, and they fall in love. One day Govind defends the honor of a young girl from the younger brother of hoodlum Johnny Handsome, and as a result generates hatred and animosity. Johnny also is humiliated by Govind and others, and swears vengeance with the help of Sadanana Kutty and Karim Khan Toofani. On the other hand, Govind befriends Ram Shevak, and with his help and assistance of a landowner arranges the purchase of a large plot of land so that hawkers and small shop-owners could set-up their businesses. But nothing goes according to plan. The plot of land and the owner turn out to be fake, and Govind gets all the blame; His sister is openly raped, in broad daylight; and Govind himself gets seriously wounded in broad daylight before the very eyes of the people he defended. In the end, though it ends happily with his sister marrying a close friend of the family."] ['Charlie Mayeaux  is an undercover DEA agent suffering from anxiety and gastrointestinal problems after a bust gone wrong. During the aforementioned incident, his partner was killed and he found himself served up on a platter of watermelon with a gun shoved in his face just before back-up arrived. Charlie, once known for his ease and almost "magical" talent on the job, is finding it very hard to return to work. His requests to be taken off the case or retired are denied by his bosses, Lonny Ward  and Dexter Helvenshaw  as so much time was put into his cover. Charlie works with the dream of one day retiring to Ocean Views, a luxury housing complex with servants and utilities. : During his flight to New York, where his job will resume, another passenger strikes up a conversation with him. It turns out that this man, Dr. Jeff Bleckner , is a psychiatrist and upon arriving to New York, Charlie enlists his services. Dr. Bleckner listens to his troubles and prescribes him anti-anxiety medication to help him deal with stress. He also encourages him to join a group therapy session. At therapy, Charlie meets and befriends a group of stressed out men from the business world. : To deal with his gastrointestinal issues, Charlie goes to the doctor where he meets the free-spirited and beautiful Judy Tipp , the self-proclaimed "Enema Queen" who introduces him to alternative therapies to his problems as well as some romantic interest. : Back on the job, Charlie is knee-deep in negotiations for high-stakes money laundering and stock manipulation. He was brought into the group by the passionate Fidel Vaillar  and his close bodyguard, Estuvio Clavo . Vaillar is a son of an important Colombian drug cartel and fears being viewed as a stereotype. They are dealing with an intense man with an unpredictable temper named Fulvio Nesstra  who represents the Italian mob in New York. Fulvio is disfavored son-in-law of high ranking Italian mobster, Carmine Minetti . Jason Cane , a young Wall street-type with a plan, but poor taste, completes the group. Each thinks he understands the other players, but there is more to these characters than meets the eye.'] ["Set in New York City, veteran thief Keith Ripley  recruits younger crook Gabriel Martin  to help him pull off one final job in order to repay his debt to the Russian mob, who had killed his previous partner, Victor Korolenko, over the debt before they could complete the plan. Martin is unsure of Ripley, but Ripley's goddaughter, Alexandra Korolenko , who is also Victor's daughter, convinces him otherwise, although Ripley doesn't like that the two are getting close. Ripley tells Martin the plan, that they are going to steal from a Russian Museum that has been smuggling Russian treasures into the country and bribing the NYPD with large donations and expensive equipment. The two infiltrate a party at the museum posing as cops, with Ripley as Lt. Weber , a cop who has a particular vendetta against Ripley, to gather information about their vault. The Russian mob, led by Nicky , grow impatient with Ripley and kidnap Alexandra, telling them they must steal two Fabergé eggs from the Russian Museum in order to get her back, or she dies. When the duo get into the vaults of the museum with the eggs, Martin reveals he is an undercover cop from Miami planted by Weber to catch Ripley, leaves Ripley locked in the vault and informs Weber, while taking the eggs to the Russian mobster to free Alexandra. After Alexandra is released Martin is forced to meet with Nicky who reveals that the eggs they have stolen are made of wood (like the [[Karelian Birch . Meanwhile, Weber and his squad enter the museum, but are detained by the security guards due to Martin telling the guards he was a cop as he escaped. Martin reports in to the police the next morning after the police have picked up Nicky, only to learn that the man they have in custody isn't the man Martin met, and that the man he met was actually Victor Korolenko, who had faked his death with Ripley's help. It is then revealed that Ripley had escaped, letting the museum know cops were on the way and that they had cleaned out the vault of all the smuggled items  before the police could inspect it, meaning there was no evidence that anything had been stolen and that Martin's testimony would be worthless as his actions have been kept off the book to prevent Ripley from finding out and that Martin's involvement with Alex compromises him, and Ripley had to be let go. Ripley later calls Martin from a tarmac ready to leave with Victor to meet with a buyer for the eggs, letting him know that they knew Martin was a cop from the beginning. Martin later meets up with Alex, who remained in New York, and who confesses that her feelings for him are real. Martin decides to become a thief.{{imdb title}}"] ['An aged gangster, Big Mac , is planning a robbery at a California resort casino. He wants the experienced Roy Earle , just released from an eastern prison by a governor\'s pardon, to lead the heist and to take charge of the operation. Roy drives across the country to a camp in the mountains to meet up with the three men who will assist him in the heist: Louis Mendoza , who works in the resort, plus Red ([[Arthur Kennedy  and Babe ([[Alan Curtis , who are already living at the camp. Babe has brought along a young woman, Marie . Roy wants to send Marie back to Los Angeles; but, after some argument, she convinces Roy to let her stay. Roy also is adopted by a small dog called Pard, played by Bogart\'s own dog, Zero. Marie falls in love with Roy as he plans and executes the robbery, but he does not reciprocate. On the drive up to the mountains, Roy met the family of Velma , a young woman with a deformed foot who walks with a limp. Roy pays for corrective surgery to allow Velma to walk normally. While she is recovering, Roy asks Velma to marry him; but she refuses, explaining that she is engaged to a man from back home. When Velma\'s fiancé arrives, Roy turns to Marie, and they become lovers. The heist goes wrong when they are interrupted by a security guard. Mendoza, Red, and Babe are involved in a car accident; Red and Babe die, and Mendoza talks to the police. While Roy and Marie leave town, a dragnet is put out for him, identifying him to the public as "Mad Dog Roy Earle". The two fugitives separate in order to allow Marie time to escape. Roy is pursued until he climbs one of the Sierra mountains, where he holes up overnight. Shortly after sunrise, Roy trades shots with the police. He hears Pard barking, runs out calling Marie\'s name and is shot dead from behind by a sharpshooter.'] ['Following the death of a triad leader, there is conflict within the Hong Kong organised crime syndicate as various possible leaders vie for power. David Chiang attempts to bring the traitor in the midst of his own group to justice following a taped conversation of traitor admitting his crimes, but who cannot be found, while Danny Lee, the elected leader of the triad has his family attacked as he fights unknown enemies to bring the organisation back under control. Their actions are hindered by Chow Sing Chi who is attempting to build up anger between the two completing triads of Hong Kong. The film is brought to a bloody conclusion as the traitor leader of the group storms the triad safe house in a desperate attempt to gain control over the group, but is met by heavy resistance.'] ["The film depicts 30 years of Chicano gang life in Los Angeles. It focuses on Montoya Santana , a teen who, with his friends, J.D.  and Mundo , form their own gang. They soon find themselves at the wrong place at the wrong time and are arrested. In juvenile hall, Santana murders a fellow inmate  who'd raped him and as a result, has his sentence extended into Folsom prison after he turns 18. Once there, Santana  becomes the leader of a powerful gang, La Eme. Upon his release he tries to relate his life experiences to the society that has changed so much since he left. La Eme has become a feared criminal organization beyond Folsom, selling drugs and committing murder. Santana starts to see the error of his ways but before he can take action, is sent back to prison for drug possession. There, he tells his former lieutenant, J.D. ([[William Forsythe  that he is no longer interested in leading the La Eme. However, following a precedent set by Santana himself earlier in the film, his men murder him to show the other prison gangs that, despite having no leader, they are not weak."] ["The story concerns Harvard student Alan Jensen, the point guard of the Harvard basketball team. When his parents' house is destroyed by a tornado, Alan is desperate for $100,000 to replace their home. He is approached by his girlfriend Cindy Bandolino, whose father is an organized crime boss. Cindy convinces Alan to throw the game for the money. She tells Alan that her father is behind the deal, but actually she goes to her father's associate, Teddy Carter, and Carter's assistant, Kelly Morgan for funding. What she does not know is that Carter and Morgan are undercover FBI agents. Alan throws the game, gives his parents the money, and then undergoes a psychedelic experience after he ingests a big dose of LSD, 15,000 micrograms. There follows a long stretch of the film during which morphing special effects demonstrate Alan's altered state as he is pursued by Carter, while Cindy is collared by Morgan. Just when it looks like a toss-up as to what will prove his downfall first, the bad trip, the FBI, or the mob, Alan's other girlfriend , Chesney Cort , saves the day. Not only does she get Alan to a doctor who can bring him back to sobriety, she reveals that she is in a sexual threesome with Carter and Morgan. Once he gets some photographic evidence for blackmail, Alan is extricated from his problems."] ["After professional thief Jack Tulliver and his crew pull off a meticulously planned armored car heist, they are ambushed in Bucharest by a group of Romanian racketeers. This rogue group, tipped off to the heist by an unknown turncoat, kills Tulliver's associate Bull and most of his crew. Tulliver escapes with a mysterious sealed case that was the most valuable part of the stolen loot. After car-jacking Sgt. Kelly Anders' car, he makes a getaway through Bucharest, but leaves Anders under the suspicion of her fellow officers. Meanwhile, Tulliver tries to save a team member who has been captured by Alexie Kutchinov, a sadistic Russian millionaire gangster in charge of the Romanian racketeers that ambushed Tulliver. Jack and Sgt. Anders are saved by Bull's brother Mikail Mercea, a Romanian mobster who shoots Alexie to avenge his brother's death. Ultimately, the content of the case is revealed, and we come to know why it is in such high demand."] ["Virendra is a business tycoon in Cape Town, South Africa. His sister Rajeshwari, his wife Suman & his mother are his only relatives. Virendra's marital life is in apparent discord, since he has never had any relations with Suman. One day, Virendra gets a rival in business world in form of Mahendra Pratap Singh. Mahendra is an Indian spice tycoon wanting to expand his business in South Africa. Virendra is initially wary of Mahendra's expansion plans, but sees the latter's entry as a tool to expand his own business. Unknown to Virendra, Mahendra is actually a well disguised man named Om Srivastav. Om has a bigger agenda than becoming a tycoon. Mahendra & Virendra strike a deal, upon which Virendra is invited to a house in forest for celebration. Once there, Mahendra reveals his true face to Virendra, who is revealed to know Om. Om kills Virendra and covers up his death. Later, he shows up at Virendra's funeral, claiming that he and Virendra met in India, where they became friends. Rajeshwari starts suspecting him from day one and finds his timing suspicious. Suman too is particularly unhappy on seeing Om. Suman reveals to her mother-in-law that she knows Om. She confesses that she & Om were in love with each other, but her father got her married to Virendra, the son of her father's old friend. Suman tells that she had told Virendra about the relationship, on which he told her to go with Om. Instead, she stayed with Virendra, being overwhelmed by his compassion. However, Virendra now thought that Suman is a gold-digger, which explains his attitude towards her. Meanwhile, a cat and mouse game starts between Om and Rajeshwari, in which she nearly exposes him. Om is able to save his skin once again, but Rajeshwari gets a feeling that Om is hurt by something. Rajeshwari thinks that Om may not be a killer & she has inadvertently hurt the wrong man. She goes to apologize, but finds many pictures of her at his apartment. Rajeshwari thinks that Om was hurt because he was secretly in love with her. Rajeshwari asks for apology & Om plays along. Suman becomes both jealous & uneasy of this new relationship. She and Rajeshwari finally get into a fight, where she almost slaps Rajeshwari. Rajeshwari leaves her home in a huff and tells everything to Om, who shocks her by slapping her. An angered Om goes on to tell her everything, finally confessing his sin. Before Rajeshwari can do anything, he throws her in a dry well & escapes in his car. Here, Suman tries to find Rajeshwari at Om's place. Om feigns ignorance and the duo start to search for her, with Om deliberately misleading Suman. Here, Rajeshwari is in the bottom of the well, but not dead. She screams for help, until Zafrani comes to that place. He rescues her and she darts back to locate Om. When she finally fins Om with Suman, she is fully convinced that her brother's murder was a murder pre-meditated by Om & Suman. Seeing his plans failing, Om overpowers the duo & ties them by ropes. He confesses the crime before Suman, making Rajeshwari realize that Suman is in fact innocent. Then Om reveals his motive. It is revealed that after learning about Om from Suman, Virendra had secretly came with his goons, assaulted Om, killed his father & raped his sisters, forcing tham to commit suicide. Om readies himself to mow Rajeshwari and Suman down, but Zafrani arrives there with a police team. The women are rescued, but Om drives his car into the valley making them realize that Om was going to commit suicide to avoid police, now that his work was done. The women return home distraught."] ['Billy Behan is a poor 15-year-old kid in the 1930s Bronx. After the wealthy gangster Dutch Schultz takes him under his wing, Billy adopts the name of a neighborhood street and begins to work for the organization. Billy is taught the ropes by Dutch\'s business associate Otto Berman and given menial chores. Dutch, meanwhile, is busy trying to beat a rap in court and also determine whether his partner Bo Weinberg has been betraying him. Even though he likes Bo, it is Billy who eventually helps prove that Bo lied about his whereabouts. Dutch and his thugs take Bo captive and prepare to send him to a watery grave. Dutch proceeds to claim the attentions of beautiful Drew Preston, a married young socialite Bo has been seeing who clearly has a weakness for powerful, dangerous men. Facing a court case in an upstate New York rural community, Dutch brings along his "protege" Billy and the sophisticated lady Drew to put up a front of respectability, ingratiating himself to the locals with good manners and money. While his boss Dutch stands trial, Billy\'s job is to keep an eye on Drew, a free spirit who likes having Billy\'s eye on her as she bathes nude in the woods. Billy falls for her and admires his new boss, at least until witnessing first-hand exactly how ruthless a criminal Dutch really is. Unable to intervene on Bo\'s behalf, the best Billy can do in the end is try to save Drew\'s life and his own.'] ['Frank  is an highly experienced jewel thief and hardened ex-convict who has a set structure to his life. With a pair of successful Chicago businesses (a [[Bar  as fronts for his lucrative criminal enterprise, Frank sets out to fulfill the missing part of his life vision: a family beginning with Jessie , a pretty cashier he has begun dating. After taking down a major diamond score, Frank\'s fence, Joe Gags , is murdered for being on the take - pushed out of a 12th story window. Barry , Frank\'s friend and associate making the pick-up, discovers that a shady plating company executive Gags was working for is responsible, a Mr. Attaglia . $185,000 of Frank\'s fence money was lifted by Attaglia from Gags when he was killed. Frank demands his money back in a tense office hours confrontation at Attaglia\'s plating company. This leads to a late evening face-to-face meeting with Attaglia\'s employer, Leo , a high-level fence and Chicago Outfit boss. Unknown to Frank, Leo has been downing Frank\'s "merch" from Gags for some time. He admires Frank\'s quality fenced goods and professionalism, and wants him taking down contract scores all over the country working directly for him, offering Frank "boxcar" profits. "I\'ll make you a millionaire in four months," Leo states at their jargon filled meeting, which is monitored from a distance by police surveillance - as well as a hidden Barry and his M1 Carbine in case the meeting goes bad. At first, Frank is reluctant to consider Leo\'s offer, not wanting to "deal with egos" nor wanting the added exposure. But later that night at a coffee shop, an emotional bonding with Jessie changes the game when she agrees to be part of his life after he relates a harrowing tale of prison survival by way of a toughened mental attitude. To hasten his plans, Frank now agrees to do just one big score for Leo, telling Barry that this will be their last job. With a little help from the paternal Leo after being rejected at the state adoption agency, Frank is even able to acquire a baby on the black market, a son he names David after his recently deceased mentor and closest friend from prison, nicknamed Okla . Things start heating up on account of Frank\'s new association with Leo. After resisting a shakedown from a group of corrupt police detectives, then subsequently ditching their surveillance, Frank and his crew are soon involved in a large-scale West Coast diamond heist organized by Leo. All goes well, Frank\'s big payday finally arrives after the meticulously planned "burn job" is successful, and he is expecting the agreed-upon sum of $830,000 on $4 million wholesale of unmounted stones. But when Frank returns from the job a few days later, Leo tosses him an envelope containing less than $100,000, the "cash part" according to Leo, who also tells him that he has invested the rest of Frank\'s cut in shopping centers, an idea Frank had flatly rejected during one of their prior meetings. In addition, Leo sets up a Palm Beach score for Frank in six weeks without his approval. An irate Frank bluntly tells Leo that their deal is over, then takes the envelope of cash as he leaves and demands the rest of his money in 24 hours or "...you will wear your ass for a hat." Frank drives to his car lot to meet with Barry unaware that Leo\'s henchmen have already beaten and captured Barry, and are waiting in ambush for him. In the set-up, Frank is knocked out with the butt of a carbine and Barry is killed by several shotgun blasts from Carl , one of Leo\'s main enforcers. Frank awakens in a factory warehouse with Leo staring down at him, surrounded by his henchmen. Leo coldly informs him that he, Jessie, their child, and everything he owns are Leo\'s property. He even cruelly threatens to prostitute Jessie and "...whack out your whole family" if Frank does not continue working for him. Leo warns Frank to "tighten up" and focus on his responsibilities; meanwhile, his henchmen dispose of Barry\'s body. Frank goes home to contemplate his next move, gradually sinking into a hardened apathy akin to his prison days. He calmly orders an uncomprehending Jessie out of their house, telling her their marriage is over. He instructs an associate to drive her, the baby and $400,000 in cash somewhere where they cannot be found, informing Jessie more money will be coming at regular intervals, but that he will not be joining her. With nothing to lose, Frank blows up their home in a fiery nighttime blast using high explosive charges. He then drives to his business establishments and does the same, destroying his bar in a violent explosion then setting fire to his car lot. Armed with his Hoag custom 6" long-slide M1911A1 sidearm, he quietly breaks into Leo\'s house in a peaceful neighborhood and pistol whips Attaglia in the kitchen - which alerts Leo in the living room. Frank then executes a tense room-clearing of the first floor hunting for Leo who is hiding and armed with a .357 Magnum revolver. Leo is inevitably located and gunned down by Frank. Frank then pursues Attaglia as he tries to escape from the house, but is promptly confronted by Carl and another henchman. In the ensuing gunfight, Frank is shot, but manages to kill the trio. The final scene is of a wounded Frank walking away into the night.'] ['In Brooklyn, New York from November 1988 through early April 1989. Bobby Green  is the manager of a successful El Caribe nightclub in Brighton Beach that is frequented by Russian gangster and drug lord Vadim Nezhinski  and owned by Vadim\'s uncle and Bobby\'s boss, Marat Buzhayev. Bobby has distanced himself from his father, NYPD Deputy Chief Burt Grusinsky , and his brother, Captain Joseph Grusinsky . He has changed his last name to the maiden name of his mother, Carol Green, preferring to remain on the sidelines and enjoy a hedonistic life with his girlfriend Amada Juarez  and best friend Louis "Jumbo" Falsetti . When police forces led by Joseph make a raid on Bobby\'s nightclub on November 22, 1988, hoping to net Vadim, Bobby refuses to cooperate. The incident strains his relationship with his father and brother even more, to the point that he and Joseph exchange blows and insult each other\'s significant other . The police are unsuccessful in capturing Vadim, who decides to retaliate. At 5:43 pm on the evening of November 23, 1988, Joseph is shot by a masked assailant, and his unmarked police cruiser firebombed. Joseph survives the ambush, but the extent of the injury requires him to be hospitalized for four months. Vadim, unaware of Bobby\'s family ties, confides that the Chief will be the next victim. Bobby resolves to help the police. Behind his father\'s back, Bobby goes undercover inside Vadim\'s drug-smuggling operation and has a narrow escape. Bobby and Amada are placed under constant police protection and their relationship begins to deteriorate. On March 20, 1989, Vadim escapes custody while being transported to a hospital. The police prepare to move Bobby and Amada to a new location. During a blinding thunderstorm, the police convoy is intercepted by Vadim\'s men and, during a chaotic car chase, Burt is fatally shot. Bobby passes out in the rain when he sees his father\'s body. The police take Bobby and Amada back to a Sheraton Hotel near Kennedy Airport. He wakes up a few hours later and finds Joseph in the hotel room. After Joseph tells him that their father died, Bobby cries in Joseph\'s arms and asks how "they" found them. At the funeral, which is attended by all of the officers and their families, a colleague of Joseph\'s, Captain Jack Shapiro, gives him Burt\'s Korean War medal. Bobby is told that a Russian shipment is coming in sometime in the next week. To avenge his father, Bobby decides to officially join the police force without the consent of Amada, who leaves him. After he is sworn into the NYPD, Bobby, now in uniform, learns the true involvement of Jumbo, his friend, and Marat, his uncle. He and Joseph organize a final sting operation, set for April 4, 1989. During the raid, Joseph is emotionally incapacitated by the memory of his shooting and cannot continue. Vadim flees into the reed beds, and the police toss in flares to smoke him out. As the beds are engulfed in flames and smoke, Bobby runs in to find Vadim himself, ignoring the other officers\' pleas that he wait. Bobby shoots Vadim in the chest, mortally wounding him. The film ends on November 3, 1989, nearly a year after its opening, with Bobby graduating from the NYPD Police Academy to become a full-time police officer, just in time for the 1990s. Before the ceremony, Joseph reveals to Bobby that he has decided to switch to a job in the administration sector, since the shooting made him think about how much he needs to spend more time with his three children . As the chaplain announces that Bobby is to give the valedictory speech, Bobby thinks he sees Amada in the audience, but it turns out to be an illusion. The story closes with Bobby and Joseph expressing their brotherly love.'] ["The movie opens in a convenience store one late night, with a smalltime drug dealer named Nick  is trying to decide what coffee brand to buy. His ex-lover Dallas  and fellow hitman Billy Hill  are getting impatient and tell him to hurry up. Nick finally choose Chocolate Macadamia, but the dispenser is empty. He complains to the cashier, shooting her after she fails to adequately address his complaints, as well as a police officer who enters the store moments later. The next morning, Nick shows up on the doorstep of Casey Wells , an old partner from his days as a drug dealer in Los Angeles. Casey has cleaned up his life. He is now a married architect and is looking to adopt a child with his wife. Nick leaves a couple of suitcases in Casey's guest room before leaving to run some errands. After Nick leaves, Casey becomes suspicious of one of the suitcases and eventually opens it to find it filled with heroin. After calling Nick to yell at him for bringing drugs into his home, he disposes of all of it in the kitchen sink. Ice , a Jamaican Rasta hitman, enters Casey's house and is about to kill him, but Casey manages to persuade him to have a last smoke of marijuana. After having smoked, Ice is about to kill Casey when Ice's cell phone rings. Ice begins to rap over the phone in an effort to clinch a record deal, and Casey seizes the moment and knocks him out. Casey then ties him up and leaves him in his garage. A representative from the adoption agency comes to interview Casey about his fitness to be a father. The representative is particularly curious to know what Casey did for several years when he lived in L.A. as there is no account of his time there. Casey tries his best to cover up his past as well as his recent encounter with the hitman. During the interview, Dallas, who wants the money that she believes Nick left with Casey along with the heroin, shows up. She scares away the representative from the adoption agency by telling a story about Casey's drug-dealing and murdering past. When left alone with Casey, Dallas questions him about the money's whereabouts. Angry that he cannot help her, she decides to kill him. But not before she ties him up to a chair, fellates him to force an erection, gets naked and proceeds to mount and rape him. She tells him she will not kill him until he orgasms and she plans to go on until she makes him get an orgasm. Delivering on her word, she reaches multiple orgasms, but gets no results from him. While Dallas reaches a third orgasm, Hill breaks in and shoots her, splattering her blood all over Casey, his walls and his floor. Billy believes Casey when told that he does not have the heroin, but plans on torturing him with a saw and a blow torch anyhow, while he brags about his prowess and technique of cauterization as he sets to work. Hill is interrupted by cops ironically raiding the house next door. As Billy checks on it Casey is able to loosen the tape around his wrists and grabs a frying pan and sits back down. Billy returns and tells Casey the cops got the wrong house. As he is about to proceed, he notices something is wrong. But catching Billy off guard, Casey overpowers him, and leaves him in the garage. Nick calls Casey from a pay phone, apologizes for everything and admits he had stolen the heroin and money from the police. After he hangs up, it is revealed to us that Nick has been shot, and is bleeding severely, seemingly about to die. Finally, a corrupt cop  arrives with a bag which contains Nick's head. He gives Casey until 7 p.m. to find the money but tells him that he does not care about the heroin. The cop then sees the garage with Ice and Billy tied up and Dallas dead and unloads a magazine into Ice and Billy. He then tells Casey to throw them out as it is garbage day. In the end, Casey calls Ice's boss and tells him that the heroin is being auctioned off at 7 p.m. at his house. He recalls Nick's earlier words which promptly lead him to find the money and a wedding present in the spare tire of his car. He takes them, puts them in Dallas' Lamborghini Diablo car and goes to pick his wife up at the airport to presumably escape the country. The movie ends as we see the cops and the Jamaicans, both armed, about to meet each other at the house."] ['The film is based around the interactions of a homosexual triad group with a police officer as well as opposing yakuza organizations. When the younger brother to a renegade police officer becomes the lawyer to the triad group, an argument between the two leads to the downfall of the organization.'] ["The film's protagonist is Harold Shand , an old-fashioned 1960s-style London gangster who in the late 1970s is aspiring to become a legitimate businessman, albeit with the financial support of the American Mafia, with a plan to redevelop the then-disused London Docklands as a venue for a future Olympic Games. The storyline weaves together events and concerns of the late 1970s, including low-level political and police corruption, Provisional Irish Republican Army  gun-running, the displacement of traditional British industry by property development, Britain's membership of the EEC  and the free market economy – the latter was strongly in the ascendant at the time the film was made, in the first year of the Thatcher government. Harold is the undisputed ruling kingpin of the London underworld, when his world is suddenly torn apart by a series of murders and exploding bombs from an unseen foe. Uncovering his enemy's identity forms much of the film's subsequent plotline. His ruthless and violent pursuit of leads only points out the small-time tawdriness of the organisation he hopes to legitimise. The story seems to hinge upon an act of betrayal by one of Harold's closest aides, the implications of which only become clear near the film's climax, when the solution to the mystery is suggested though not spelled out. He acts on the information with the same brutality that took him to the pinnacle of the London underworld in the first place, but his enemies this time follow motivations different from those of his local rivals. The American Mafia representatives, led by actor Eddie Constantine, decide to leave England because of all the killings but Harold is determined to stay and go into business with a German consortium, saying that he will become a legitimate businessman. When he leaves their hotel, he gets into his car, which he thinks is being driven by his chauffeur but in fact has been taken over by two IRA men. The car then sharply pulls out from the hotel zone. Harold realises that his girlfriend, Victoria, is not in the car and sees her in the back of another car being driven away by armed men. Harold finds himself at gunpoint from the front seat passenger . As the car speeds away Harold is silent, but in his face we see a full range of emotions; at first astonishment which gives way to anger and then a slow realization that he is powerless and finally resignation to the fact that he is moments from death."] ["Corrado is the story of a Los Angeles hit man of the same name. Corrado  is given the task of eliminating the aging kingpin Vittorio Spinello. He readily accepts the job and is about to perform the hit when he is interrupted by Spinello's new nurse, Julia . He shoots the aging Spinello by accident, instead of suffocating him as intended, and flees the scene. Julia is wrongly blamed for the death, and is herself about to be killed by Vittorio's son Paolo , when Corrado rescues her. They are then pursued all over Los Angeles by Paolo and his goons in a bid to escape."] ['Wayne Dobie  is a meek Chicago Police Department crime scene photographer who has spent years on the job without ever drawing his gun; his colleagues jokingly call him "Mad Dog". Mad Dog saves the life of mob boss Frank Milo  during a hold-up in a convenience store. Milo offers Mad Dog a gift in return: for one week, he will have the "personal services" of Glory , a young woman who works as a bartender at Milo\'s club. Mad Dog learns that Glory is trying to pay off a personal debt and wants nothing to do with Milo beyond that. After an awkward start, they fall in love. Mad Dog wants her to move into his apartment, but Milo has no intention of losing Glory permanently. Milo says that Mad Dog has to pay $40,000 to give Glory her freedom, and sends one of his thugs to back up this threat. Mad Dog\'s partner, Mike , fights the thug on Mad Dog\'s behalf. Mad Dog does his best to get the money but falls short by $12,500. Knowing that Mike can no longer fight his battles, he works up the courage to fight for Glory himself, and ends up fighting with Milo in the street. Fed up, Milo washes his hands of Mad Dog and lets Glory go with no strings attached.'] ["The film tells the story of two young men, Biggs   and Wayne , who grow up together in the tough and dangerous streets of Kingston. They rob a soda truck and shoot the truck driver while they are still children. The robbery money is used to purchase visas to go the United States, where they continue their criminal activities, hustling on the streets of Miami. Twenty years later, Biggs is then deported to Jamaica where Wayne and Mad Max ([[Paul Campbell , also deported, have continued their surge in crime, they begin to extort money from business people. After facing problems with the police and politicians, the two head back to Miami alongside Mad Max. Upon returning, they are informed that Miami has a new king, Teddy Bruck Shut . The three pay Teddy a visit to extort him. They extort, beat, and murder their way to the top of the Miami underworld before their dream ends in a brazen shoot out, during which Teddy's thugs kill Wayne and shoot Max. Biggs almost gets shot as he comforts Wayne at his deathbed, but Max shoots the assailant before it happens. After taking Max to the hospital, Biggs goes to Teddy's house and murders him, his bodyguard and his girlfriend. Biggs then takes all and gets on a boat"] ['In 1968, Ellsworth "Bumpy" Johnson , a disciplined and intelligent gangster, runs much of Harlem and imparts his wisdom to Frank Lucas , his former limo driver, now turned out his right-hand man. One day, Johnson dies of a heart attack at an electronics store. Frank dislikes the new, flashy gangsters who are in line to take over Harlem and decides to take control himself. Meanwhile, Newark Police Department detective Richie Roberts  is juggling a failing marriage, late-night law school classes, and his police career. When Richie and his partner, Javier Rivera , discover nearly $1&nbsp;million in unmarked bills in a car, Richie resists temptation and turns the money in. His rare honesty makes him a hated member of his precinct, causing his partner to be exiled from the force, while Richie\'s rampant womanizing behavior and undercover double life leads his wife to seek a divorce and custody of their son. After his exiled partner dies from overdosing on "Blue Magic", a relatively new and powerful type of heroin being sold for less money than its drug competition, Richie\'s honesty catches him a break when his superior Captain Lou Toback  puts him in charge of a newly created task force to stop major drug trafficking in Essex County, New Jersey by going after the actual supplier, rather than the middle-men. Richie handpicks honest cops and gets to work on finding who is supplying Blue Magic. Blue Magic is being supplied by Frank Lucas, who took over Bumpy\'s gang. After hearing a TV report referring to the cheaper drugs supplied to servicemen in Vietnam, Lucas decided to cut out the middle-man and buy his drugs directly from the producers in Thailand. By cutting out the middle-man, Frank is able to provide a higher quality product at a cheaper price than his rivals, eventually wholesaling drugs to most of the dealers in the New York area, while making his tracking by the authorities more difficult. He smuggles his drugs into the country by way of the US military involved in the Vietnam War. He creates a brand drug “Blue Magic” and with a great monopoly on quality product, Frank quickly makes a fortune and buys several nightclubs and apartments. He moves his family from North Carolina to New Jersey, where he purchases a large estate for his humble mother. His five brothers are enlisted as his gang lieutenants in the drug trade – forming “The Country Boys” - who work together to traffic and sell dope on New York area streets. During his rise, Frank meets and falls in love with Eva, a Puerto Rican beauty queen. Through his discipline, intelligence, organization, power, and willingness to kill everyone who stands in his way, Frank quickly rises to the top of the Harlem drug and crime scene as the biggest gang leader and drug dealer. As Frank\'s business prospers, he makes a point of operating quietly and dressing with a modest conservatism both as a sign of strength and to avoid attracting the attention of the law. However, Frank disregards this habit for his soon-to-be wife for one ostentatious night out, attending the Fight of the Century between Muhammad Ali and Joe Frazier, in a gaudy chinchilla fur coat and hat, along with a ringside seat. As it happens, Roberts is on duty observing the event and sees this unknown, but obviously wealthy person associating with high-level criminals, as well as having better seats than the Italian Mafia high-stake Dons. Roberts becomes suspicious, and he begins to investigate this, unknown to him but well-known to the criminals, figure in New York organized crime. Even as Frank realizes he has exposed himself to police scrutiny, he must make deals with the Mafia, in this case Lucchese crime family Mob boss Dominic Cattano , and fend off corrupt NYPD detectives, such as Det. Nick Trupo , who attempt to extort and threaten him. Trupo interrupts Frank as he and his new wife are heading to their honeymoon. In retaliation Frank has Trupo\'s prized 1966 Shelby Mustang GT350-H<ref namehttp://www.imcdb.org/vehicle_115217-Shelby-GT-350-H-1966.html|titleJune 28, 2012}}  bombed before his eyes. Frank must also contend with local crime figure called Nicky Barnes , who is taking some of Frank\'s product, diluting it himself, and selling it under Frank\'s "Blue Magic" brand name. Unidentified assassins try to kill Frank & his wife, further destabilizing him and threatening his marriage. Things take a turn for the worse when the Fall of Saigon cuts off Frank\'s supply. His Kuomintang supplier sympathetically tells him "Quitting while you are ahead...is not the same as quitting." Richie catches another break when his men witness Frank\'s cousin shooting a woman. They use the driver’s predicament to get him to wear a wire. The wire allows Richie and his task force to discover when a plane carrying drugs is landing. The plane is a C-130 carrying some of the last U.S. Soldiers returning from Vietnam. Richie has his men search everyone and everything literally tearing the plane apart and even looking in the coffins of dead soldiers. Richie is ordered to cease his search by a Federal agent, who dismisses the influence of Frank and his "negro"-run drug family. Meanwhile, Trupo and his men break into Frank\'s mansion and steals his emergency cash supply, as well as kill his German Shepherd dog. Frank initially sets out to kill Trupo, but his mother manages to dissuade him. Richie and his men continue observing the plane\'s contents and follow the drugs into Newark\'s projects and obtain a warrant. A huge group of police and detectives attack the drug apartments en masse and a large shootout ensues. Steve Lucas, Frank\'s nephew , who gave up a promising baseball career with the New York Yankees to work for his uncle, is shot in the shootout. Frank is at the church when the bust goes down, but he is arrested after the service ends. Richie meets with Frank and makes it clear to him that he has enough evidence to put him away for the rest of his life. He then tells Frank that he has a chance of doing a shorter term in jail if he helps him in the case. With no other options, Frank decides to provide names of dirty cops working for the NYPD. Numerous cops are arrested, and a distraught Trupo commits suicide with his revolver to avoid arrest. Richie, having passed the bar exam, prosecutes Frank. In the end, three quarters of the New York Drug Enforcement Agency are arrested and convicted. Once convicted, Lucas provides evidence that leads to more than 100 further drug-related convictions. In 1977, Lucas and his family are placed in the witness protection program, hiding somewhere in the country. Frank has his Federal and state term reduced four years later in 1981, and in 1984 is caught and convicted of trying to exchange one ounce of heroin and $13,000 for one kilogram of cocaine. He is defended by his former prosecutor, Richie Roberts, now a criminal defense attorney, and receives a sentence of seven years. At the film’s end, Frank steps out of jail in 1991, significantly older and out of place, now just a normal man. In a post-credits scene, he pulls out a gun and shoots "the camera".'] ['Vince Majestyk  is a former U. S. Army Ranger instructor and Vietnam War veteran who now owns a remote watermelon farm in rural Colorado. He needs to harvest his crop in order to keep the farm financially solvent. A small-time hoodlum, Bobby Kopas , attempts to coerce Majestyk into a protection racket of using unskilled drunks to harvest his watermelon crop. Majestyk runs Kopas off  and instead hires skilled Mexican migrant workers, including Nancy Chavez , with whom Majestyk begins a relationship. Kopas brings assault charges against him, however, causing Majestyk to be arrested and taken to the local jail. There he meets Frank Renda , a notorious mob hit man being transferred to a higher-security prison. Renda\'s men try to break him out of police custody during a prisoner movement in a bus. In the escape attempt, Majestyk drives off in the bus with Renda still in handcuffs. Majestyk plans on trading Renda back to the police so that he can finish his harvest. Renda offers a fortune  for his freedom but Majestyk just wants to get back to his melons. With the help of his lawyer girlfriend Wiley , Renda escapes from Majestyk. He meets up with his right-hand man Lundy and plans his revenge on Majestyk. The violent Renda is advised to fly to Mexico to elude a police dragnet looking for him, but he is blinded by his desire for revenge. He tells his men to find the "melon picker" so that he can have the satisfaction of killing him personally. Rather than being afraid, Majestyk turns the tables. He sets a trap at Renda\'s cabin hideout. Renda betrays his own men, leading to Lundy\'s death and to Kopas being captured, prior to a final showdown between Majestyk and Renda.'] ['Walker  works together with his friend Mal Reese  to steal a large amount of cash from a courier transporting funds for a major gambling operation, with the deserted Alcatraz island as a drop point. Reese then double-crosses Walker by shooting him, leaving him for dead. Reese also makes off with Walker\'s wife Lynne . Walker recovers. With assistance from the mysterious Yost , who seems to know everything about everybody, Walker sets out to find Reese, take his revenge and recover the $93,000 he is owed. Reese used all of the money from the job to pay back a debt to a crime syndicate called "The Organization" and get back in its good graces. With memories of happy times together, Walker goes to Los Angeles to pay back his wife and his best friend for their treachery. He bursts in on Lynne and riddles her bed with bullets, just in case Reese is in it. A distraught Lynne tells him she no longer wants to live, then takes an overdose of pills. Walker is told that a car dealer named Stegman  might know where Reese can be found. He takes Stegman for a wild ride in one of his new cars, smashing the car and terrorizing him until Stegman reveals where Reese is living. He is told that Reese has now taken up with Walker\'s sister-in-law, Chris. Breaking in on Chris , he learns that she actually despises Reese and had considered Walker the best thing ever to happen to her sister. Willing to help in any way, Chris agrees to a sexual tryst with Reese inside his heavily guarded penthouse apartment just so she can gain access and unbolt a door for Walker. Walker ties up some men in an apartment across from the penthouse and has a call made to police to report a robbery, creating a diversion that enables him to slip into the penthouse. With a gun to Reese\'s head, Walker persuades him to give up the names of his organization superiors – Carter, Brewster and Fairfax – so that he can make somebody pay back his $93,000. He then forces a naked Reese off the balcony and watches him plunge to his death. After next confronting Carter  for his money, Walker is set up. A hit man  with a high-powered rifle is assigned to kill him at a money drop in a storm-drain river bed. Walker sees to it that Carter and Stegman are the ones who get shot. Yost takes him to a home belonging to Brewster . Walker visits Chris in her apartment, which has been trashed by the organization. He takes her to the home belonging to Brewster. Walker waits for Brewster to return there. Chris makes love with Walker after first fighting with him. The following morning, Brewster comes home and is ambushed by Walker, who demands his money. Brewster insists that no one will pay. Walker says that if Brewster won\'t pay, he will kill him and try Fairfax next. Brewster explains that he is about to have Fairfax eliminated in order to take his place, and that he will get Walker the money after all. They return to Alcatraz, which is still a drop. Brewster brings a case in which he claims to have the money. Walker doesn\'t trust him and refuses to show himself. The hit man is also in the darkness with his rifle. Brewster is shot. It is Yost who emerges from the shadows, whereupon Brewster calls out to Walker: "This is Fairfax! Kill him!" Yost/Fairfax thanks Walker – still hiding in the darkness – for eliminating his dangerous underlings and offers him an enforcer job, claiming he has looked for a man like him for years. Walker remains silent and does not bother collecting the money.'] ['Abe Reles  and Bug Workman , two killers from Brooklyn\'s Brownsville district, meet in the Garment District to meet with Louis "Lepke" Buchalter, kingpin of an organized crime mob, who hires them as the syndicate\'s hit men. Reles continues to carry out assassinations at Lepke\'s direction. Reles reconciles with the couple by giving them a luxurious apartment filled with stolen goods. Under police pressure, Lepke hides out from the police at Joey and Eadie\'s new apartment. He treats Eadie like a maid. Turkus puts Joey and Reles in protective custody and hides them at the Half Moon Hotel in Coney Island. Eadie comes to visit Joey and is murdered nearby. Later that night, Reles is thrown out the window by an assassin. Joey avenges his wife\'s death by testifying against Lepke, who is executed.'] ["A thriller focusing on the rise of a group of influential and powerful gangsters. Ali is a shepherd who has shouldered responsibility of fending for his family, including his parents Farid and Faatima, and his younger sister Nahid. One fateful day he ends up saving Abdullah Khan's  life. As a result, Abdullah's rival, Khalid eliminates Ali's family brutally. A repentant Abdullah adopts Ali and Nahid. Abdullah's wife, Salima Begum, welcomes Ali and Nahid whole-heartedly. But these youngsters are resented by Shaakir, Abdullah's son, who feels that Ali is getting more attention and love than him. Meanwhile, Ali soon realises that power is everything in this world and so joins Abdullah in his business. Under the love and care of Abdullah he grows to be a heroic but feared force. He may be ruthless in his dealings but always has great compassion. As Ali becomes the new face of Abdullah Khan's vast empire and a champion of the needy, Shaakir becomes more resentful. When Abdullah announces Ali as his heir, Shaakir becomes furious. The conflict between father and son results in Abdullah's death. advertisement As the shattered family comes to terms with their loss, an angry Ali warns Shaakir to leave the country. What follows next is a gripping and fast paced thriller of emotions - love, honesty, loyalty, betrayal - with twists and turns until the final scenes."] ['Ex-con Otis , or "O2" as he was once known on account of his ability to vanish from a crime scene like oxygen, has done his time and is now determined to stay out of trouble and never leave his young son, Otis, Jr. , ever again. When O2 shows up late to pick Junior up from school one afternoon, he swears that he will always come back for Junior. That promise is put to the test just moments later when O2\'s vintage 1960\'s Chevrolet Impala SS Lowrider convertible is stolen from him at gunpoint in the middle of a crowded Southland intersection — with Junior in the back seat. O2 chases the car and gets into a nasty gun battle with the carjackers — circumstances that then make it impossible for O2 go to the police — but to no avail. O2 does, however, catch up with Coco , a woman who sells stolen suits on the streets for a thug known as P Money . O2 knows she is the one who marked him for the carjacking, and he forces her to help him retrieve Junior. Lucky , Otis\' unreliable cousin who works for Big Meat ([[Game , the brutally vicious leader of the Outlaw Syndicate, also offers to help. After a few hours on the street, Lucky comes back with some bad news: Junior has fallen into Meat\'s hands, and Meat  is demanding that O2 deliver $100,000 by midnight the following night, or Junior will die. Otis claims that he has no money, but Meat thinks otherwise: Meat was once O2\'s partner in crime, and he thinks O2 is still holding onto the $100,000 they made off their last job together — the job that got O2 six years in prison. Desperate to raise the cash, O2 comes up with a plan: he and Coco will rob P Money\'s and Meat\'s own operations, staging it to look like the one is stealing from the other, and thereby triggering a gang war that will hopefully eliminate both and help O2 and Coco rescue Junior. After a successful robbery of one of the Big Meat\'s locations, O2 and Coco come across a set of safe deposit box keys belonging to numerous banks in the area. The next day with time wearing thin, they stage a number of bank robberies and are able to retrieve expensive jewellery, which Lucky offers to get rid of eager to prove his worth. When Lucky takes the jewelry to Big Meat unknowing that it belongs to Big Meat, Lucky is forced to set up a meeting between himself, O2, and Coco, with Big Meat along to end O2 once and for all. They take a car to an alley and give him the money. It is then revealed that Big Meat never intended to let Junior live, as he signals one of his men to kill Junior. Lucky sees this and tackles him as the man shoots many shots, one shooting Lucky in the side of the chest. O2 kills Meat\'s men, leaving only Meat. He then proceeds to shoot O2 but has no shots remaining. O2 shoots and kills him and retrieves Junior. On the road, they stop at a gas station to attend to Lucky\'s wound. O2 tells Lucky that they will get him to a hospital, but he realizes that Lucky has died. Swerving off the road, they are chased by the cops. O2 hides in a parking lot and tells Coco that she must take Junior and go to the Mexican border while he outruns the cops. As Junior and Coco escape, O2 is tailed by the cops. They run him to a dead end where the lake is. O2, realizing he has no choice, drives straight into the water. In Mexico, Coco and Junior are living in a house on a beach. They are walking on the beach when Junior sees something in the distance. He and Coco find that it is O2, who has escaped the ocean and come back to them, as he promised. They then reunite.'] ['In the middle of the Great Depression, Clyde Barrow  and Bonnie Parker  meet when Clyde tries to steal Bonnie\'s mother\'s car. Bonnie, who is bored by her job as a waitress, is intrigued with Clyde, and decides to take up with him and become his partner in crime. They pull off some holdups, but their amateur efforts, while exciting, are not very lucrative. The duo\'s crime spree shifts into high gear once they hook up with a dim-witted gas station attendant, C.W. Moss , then with Clyde\'s older brother Buck  and his wife, Blanche , a preacher\'s daughter. The women dislike each other on first sight, and their feud only escalates from there: shrill Blanche has nothing but disdain for Bonnie, Clyde and C.W., while gun-moll Bonnie sees Blanche\'s flighty presence as a constant danger to the gang\'s well-being. Bonnie and Clyde turn from pulling small-time heists to robbing banks. Their exploits also become more violent. When C.W. botches a bank robbery by parallel parking the getaway car, Clyde shoots the bank manager in the face after he jumps onto the slow-moving car\'s running board. The gang is pursued by law enforcement, including Texas Ranger Frank Hamer , who is captured and humiliated by the outlaws, then set free. A raid later catches the outlaws off guard, mortally wounding Buck with a gruesome shot to his head and injuring Blanche. Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. barely escape with their lives. With Blanche sightless and in police custody, Hamer tricks her into revealing C.W.\'s name, who was up until now still only an "unidentified suspect." Hamer locates Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. hiding at the house of C.W.\'s father Ivan Moss , who thinks the couple — and an ornate tattoo — have corrupted his son. He strikes a bargain with Hamer: in exchange for leniency for the boy, he helps set a trap for the outlaws. When Bonnie and Clyde stop on the side of the road to help Mr. Moss fix a flat tire, the police in the bushes open fire and riddle them violently. Hamer and his posse then come out of hiding, looking pensively at the couple\'s bodies.'] ['In an Italian neighborhood of Greenwich Village, cousins Charlie, a maître d\' with aspirations of someday owning his own restaurant, and Paulie, a schemer who works as a waiter, have expensive tastes but not much money. Paulie gets caught skimming checks, and he and Charlie are both fired. Now out of work and in debt, Charlie must find another way to pay his alimony, support his pregnant girlfriend Diane, and try to buy a restaurant. Paulie comes to Charlie with a "can\'t-miss" robbery, involving a large amount of cash in the safe of a local business. Charlie reluctantly agrees to participate, and they manage to crack the safe with help from an accomplice, Barney, a clock repairman and locksmith. But things go sour, resulting in the accidental death of police officer Bunky Ritter, who had been secretly taping "Bed Bug" Eddie Grant. Charlie soon learns that the money they stole belongs to Eddie. The mob figures out that Paulie is involved, and not even his Uncle Pete, part of Eddie\'s crew, can help him. One of Paulie\'s thumbs is severed as punishment. Diane leaves Charlie and takes his money to support their unborn child, while Paulie is forced to work as a waiter for Eddie. He gives the mob Barney\'s name but initially refuses to identify Charlie as the third man involved. However, under pressure, he is forced to rat on his cousin. Barney leaves town and Charlie mails him his cut of the loot. And when Charlie makes $20,000 on a horse, things begin to look up. Charlie prepares for a showdown with Eddie, armed with a copy of the tape that the police officer made. But at the last moment, Paulie puts lye in Eddie\'s coffee. Then he and Charlie casually walk away from Greenwich Village.'] ["The city of Hyderabad is rife with the nefarious activities of land mafia. There are two rival gangs; one under Ali Bhai  who resides in Dubai and controls the operation through his siblings Ajju and Mona, and another operated by local goon Narayan. Both threaten builders and land owners into giving them protection money or property, through force, extortion or murder. Sayed  arrives as the new Commissioner of Hyderabad and starts cracking down on crime. Pandu , a thug, is abducted by Mallesh, a member of Ali's gang and his henchmen. Pandu has taken a contract from Narayan to beat up Mallesh, which he does. Ajju invites Pandu to join Ali Bhai's gang. Pandu declines stating that he does not work for any gang, but is ready to do anything given enough money. Pandu falls in love with Shruthi  when he visits his cousin's  aerobics class, but she mistakes him for a thug. Shruthi, a college student, lives with her widowed mother and younger brother. Bramhi  lives above Shruthi's house, and frequently tries to convince Shruthi to marry him. Sub inspector Pashupathy , is a corrupt officer in the colony where Pandu and Shruthi live who often works with the land mafia. He is also on the payroll of Ali Bhai. He falls for Shruthi and decides to make her his mistress, even after multiple rejections by Shruthi. Pandu's first assignment with Ali's gang is to kill a member of Narayan's band. However, police show up at the spot where Pandu and the other gangsters are waiting. Pandu engages the cops long enough for the others to finish the task and flee. He also helps Shruthi escape from Pashupathy. She is impressed by his kindness and friendship soon blossoms between the two, leading to the development of unspoken romantic feelings for each other. When Shruthi tries to expresses her feelings they are attacked by members of Narayan's gang, whom Pandu finishes off. Shruthi is shocked to learn that Pandu is a gangster with no qualms about killing people. Pashupathy arranges for some thugs to pretend to rape Shruthi, so that no decent family will want to take her as their daughter-in-law; with no other option Shruthi and her mother will accept his demands. Pandu learns of this and assaults Pashupathy incognito, warning him that if he is found responsible for this incident then things will turn ugly for him. After much ado and mental anguish, Shruthi accepts Pandu. Ali Bhai comes to Hyderabad and kills Narayan. He also meets Pandu to discuss the killing of a minister by blowing up a balloon. Pandu disagrees with Ali Bhai's method as it would involve killing innocents. In the middle of their argument police raid the club and arrest Ali Bhai. His gang members retaliate by creating a lewd video of the police commissioner's daughter and releasing it to media. They also kidnap her, forcing the police to release Ali Bhai. Ali Bhai drugs the commissioner's daughter, causing her to reveal that her father placed a mole in Ali Bhai's gang. They find that Pandu's friends father Suryanarayan was a police inspector and the inspector's son, Krishna, is now a part of Pandu's gang. Ali Bhai kills Krishna in front of Suryanaraya. However, it is revealed that the person who died was actually Ajay. Suryanaraya's son, Krishna Manohar, has gone undercover agent to finish off underworld mafia gangs. Ali Bhai kills Suryanaraya. It is revealed that Pandu is Krishna Manohar. Krishna Manohar avenges his father's death by finishing off all members of Ali Bhai's gang including Ali Bhai and Pasupathy and saves the Commissioner's daughter."] ['Mob enforcer Jack Carter  returns home to Seattle when he hears that his brother, Ritchie, has been killed in a drunk driving accident. He tries to make amends with Ritchie\'s wife, Gloria , and his niece Doreen , and investigates Ritchie\'s death after he realizes Ritchie was murdered. While he starts snooping around, his mob partner in Las Vegas, Con McCarty , covers for him with the mob boss, Fletcher . A secondary plot revolves around an affair Carter was having with Fletcher\'s girlfriend, Audrey . His first stop in his investigation is with loan shark Cliff Brumby , the owner of the club that Ritchie managed. Brumby does not believe Jack\'s allegations of murder, but does tell him that Ritchie was having an affair with Geraldine , an associate of local boss Cyrus Paice . Jack cannot get anything from Paice, who unknowingly leads him to Jeremy Kinnear , a wealthy computer mogul who uses Paice\'s prostitution services, as well as Eddie , one of the club\'s bouncers. Although he cannot get any straight answers, Jack continues to pursue the truth, carefully examining the surveillance tapes from Brumby\'s club, looking for any sort of clue. Jack discovers that Paice had made an amateur porn movie where he and Geraldine would pick up different young girls, drug them and rape them. Jack watches the film and learns that Doreen was one of the victims. Paice and those who helped him make the disc did not know that Doreen was Ritchie\'s daughter. Before he died, Ritchie was given the disc by Geraldine. Ritchie was murdered as he was taking the disc to the police, with Paice having it set up to look like an accident. After getting a call from Audrey, who breaks up with him, Con and a fellow gangster from Las Vegas track Jack down and confront him after Jack says he is done with Vegas. After knocking both of the men out, Jack has a talk with Doreen about what happened. Intending to settle the score, Jack begins a path of vengeance. He gets a frantic, apologetic call from Geraldine, who tells him Cyrus is coming to kill her. After he finds Geraldine\'s body, Carter heads to Eddie\'s apartment, and throws Eddie off of a balcony to his death. Carter gets involved in a car chase with Con and the other gangster, only to lose them when he causes them to lose control of their vehicle. Visiting Kinnear\'s house, he confronts Cyrus, who tells Jack that he should be going after Kinnear, because Kinnear is the man behind Ritchie\'s murder. As Cyrus starts to walk towards the glass doors, Jack attempts to hit him from behind, but Cyrus sees him in the reflection and ducks. Jack crashes through the doors, and is unable to recover as Cyrus then pummels him to the ground. Cyrus comments that Jack\'s brother put up more of a fight, and then leaves to join some women on the busy dance floor. Bloodied, Jack gets up and follows Cyrus onto the dance floor for a second confrontation stating "You should finish what you start." Cyrus agrees, and as it seems like he is turning to walk away again he tries to sucker punch Jack. Jack catches the punch and floors Cyrus with one punch. Jack proceeds to beat Cyrus as he is on the ground. He then pulls his pistol and puts it to Cyrus face and they stare at each other. It is unclear whether Cyrus is already dead, as he doesn\'t seem to be blinking or breathing, or that Jack is going to shoot him. Regardless, given the previous events, and Cyrus admittance to killing his brother, it\'s obvious Jack killed him one way or the other. He then confronts Kinnear, who says that all he told Cyrus to do was get the disc back from Ritchie, not kill him, and that it was Cyrus and Brumby who committed the murder. Carter decides to show Kinnear mercy. Carter catches Brumby attempting to steal the disk from his rental car. Brumby admits that he was involved in the murder, and he warns Jack that killing him will force him to run for the rest of his life. As Brumby is walking away Carter calls out to him, but Brumby says he won\'t turn around. Jack shoots him in the back. After settling the score for his dead brother, Carter meets Doreen one last time at Ritchie\'s grave. He is clean shaven, and explains to her that he has to go away for a while. He tells her to remember that she is special, and they say their goodbyes. Carter is next seen getting in his car, and opening a map that leads to Vegas.'] ['Sam "Ace" Rothstein, a sports handicapper and mob associate, is sent to Las Vegas to run the Teamsters-funded Tangiers Casino on behalf of several midwest mob families. Taking advantage of lax gaming laws allowing him to work at the casino while his gaming license is still pending, Sam becomes the Tangiers\' de facto boss and doubles the casino\'s profits, which are skimmed by the Mafia before the records are reported to income tax agencies. Impressed with Sam\'s work, the bosses send Sam\'s friend, enforcer and caporegime Nicholas "Nicky" Santoro and his crew to protect Sam and the whole business. Nicky, however, begins to become more of a liability than an asset; his violent temper quickly gets him banned by the gaming board from every casino, and his name is placed in the black book. Nicky then gathers his own crew and begins running unsanctioned shakedowns and burglaries. Sam, meanwhile, meets and falls in love with a hustler, Ginger McKenna. Despite Ginger\'s reluctance, they soon conceive a daughter, Amy, and marry. Their relationship begins to deteriorate when Sam and Nicky catch Ginger giving money to her former boyfriend, a con man named Lester Diamond. Sam also makes an enemy in Clark County Commissioner Pat Webb by firing Webb\'s brother-in-law Donald Ward  for incompetence, and refusing to reinstate him. Webb retaliates by pulling Sam\'s casino license application from the backlog, forcing Sam to have a license hearing, while secretly arranging for the gaming board and State Senator Harrison Roberts to reject the license. Sam responds by appearing on television and openly accuses the city government of corruption. The bosses, unappreciative of Sam\'s publicity, ask him to return home, but he stubbornly blames Nicky\'s reckless lawbreaking for his own problems. In a heated argument in the desert, Nicky chastises Sam to never "go over his head" again. The bosses appoint Kansas City underboss Artie Piscano to oversee the skim and reduce the amount local mobsters are keeping for themselves, but he keeps incriminating ledgers and is caught on an FBI bug discussing the skim. Sam loses patience with Ginger after she and Lester are in Los Angeles with plans to run away to Europe with his daughter Amy. Sam talks Ginger into bringing Amy back, but Ginger\'s alcoholism and cocaine addiction anger him so much that he kicks her out of the house. She returns, on Sam\'s condition that she carry a beeper on her for Sam to contact her whenever he must. Ginger turns to Nicky for help in getting her share of her and Sam\'s money from the bank, and they begin an affair. Sam reaches his limit with Ginger when she ties Amy to her bed to have a night with Nicky. Sam confronts Ginger in the restaurant and disowns her. She turns to Nicky, but he has washed his hands of her as well. The next morning, Ginger goes to Sam\'s house, creates a disturbance, and uses the distraction to take the key to their bank deposit box. She takes some of the savings, but is then arrested by FBI agents. With Ginger\'s arrest and the FBI\'s discovery of Piscano\'s records, which are then matched with the skimming operation, the casino empire crumbles and the bosses are arrested. During a meeting, they decide to eliminate anyone involved in order to keep them from testifying, including the head of the teamsters, the money courier, and several casino executives. Ginger dies nearly penniless in Los Angeles of a drug overdose, and Sam is almost killed in a botched car bombing, which he suspects Nicky planted. Before Sam can confront him, however, Nicky and his brother Dominick are murdered by Nicky\'s former associate, Frankie Marino . Sam narrates that the bosses had finally had enough of Nicky, and had ordered Frankie to get rid of him. With the mob now out of power, the old casinos are purchased by big corporations and demolished to make way for gaudier gambling attractions financed by junk bonds. Sam laments that this new "family friendly" Las Vegas lacks the same kind of catering to the players as the older and, to his perception, classier Vegas he saw when he ran the Tangiers. In the final scene, an older Sam is shown living in San Diego, once again as a sports handicapper for the mob, or in his words, "...right back where I started".'] ['The drama tells of a lawyer, Joe Morse , working for a powerful gangster, Tucker, who wishes to consolidate and control the numbers racket in New York. This means assuming control of the many smaller numbers rackets, one of which is run by Morse’s older brother Leo Morse . The plot which unfolds is a terse, melodramatic thriller notable for realist location photography, almost poetic dialogue and frequent biblical allusions .'] ["Four men attempts to visit prostitutes together to show their man's power. In its sequel Men Suddenly in Black II  they attempts to do that again and their wives also attempts to do that as revenge."] ['Yao Long and May Yip are orphans who live in Russia with their adoptive family. Through the years, the two fall in love and promise that they will be together forever. One fateful day, Yao witnesses a murder being committed by a mysterious assassin. Shortly after this, he is captured and brainwashed by a mysterious cult of assassins call themselves "800 Dragons". After losing his memory of his past, he is forced to take very strict martial art training to become the perfect assassin for the 800 Dragons. During one of his missions, Yao is seen by May, his past lover who is still looking for him. The code of the 800 Dragons is that anyone who sees an assassin during their mission needs to be killed. But Yao begin to remember his past when May talks to him about their past relationship. Yao decides to follow his heart instead of the strict code of the assassin by not killing May. Now Yao and May must hide for their life. Knowing that Yao fails to follow the order, the 800 Dragons are now trying to kill both of them.http://www.kfccinema.com/reviews/kungfu/dragonrussia/dragonrussia.html'] ['Henry Hill  admits, "As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster," referring to his idolizing the Lucchese crime family gangsters in his blue-collar, predominantly Italian-American neighborhood in East New York, Brooklyn in 1955. Wanting to be part of something significant, Henry quits school and goes to work for them. His Irish-American father tries to stop Henry after learning of his truancy, but the gangsters threaten the local postal carrier with dire consequences should he deliver any more letters from the school to Henry\'s house. Henry is able to make a living for himself, and learns the two most important lessons in life: "Never rat on your friends, and always keep your mouth shut," the advice given to him after being acquitted of criminal charges early in his career. Henry is taken under the wing of the local mob capo, Paul "Paulie" Cicero  and his associates, Jimmy "The Gent" Conway , who loves hijacking trucks, and Tommy DeVito , an aggressive armed robber with a hair-trigger temper. In late 1967 they commit the Air France Robbery, marking Henry\'s debut into the big time. Enjoying the perks of their criminal life, they spend most of their nights at the Copacabana with countless women. Henry meets and later marries Karen , a Jewish girl from the Five Towns. Karen is initially troubled by Henry\'s criminal activities, but is soon seduced by his glamorous lifestyle. When a neighbor assaults her for refusing his advances, Henry pistol-whips him in front of her. She feels aroused by the act, especially when Henry gives her the gun and tells her to hide it. On June 11, 1970, Tommy  brutally beats Billy Batts , a mobster with the Gambino crime family, for insulting him about being a shoeshine boy in his younger days. However, Batts was a made man, meaning that he could not be touched without the consent of his Gambino family bosses. Realizing that this was an offense that could get them all killed, Jimmy, Henry, and Tommy need to cover up the murder. They transport the body in the trunk of Henry\'s car and bury it upstate. Six months later Jimmy learns that the burial site will be developed, forcing them to exhume the decomposing corpse and move it. Henry begins to see a mistress named Janice Rossi , setting her up in an apartment. When Karen finds out, she goes to Janice\'s apartment building to confront her, but is not let in past the front door. She then confronts Henry, points a revolver at his face, and threatens to kill both of them, demanding to know if he loves Janice. Karen cannot bring herself to kill him and an enraged Henry threatens Karen with the gun and says he has bigger concerns, like being murdered on the streets. Henry goes to live in the apartment with Janice. Paulie soon directs him to return to Karen after completing a job for him; Henry and Jimmy are sent to collect from an indebted gambler in Florida, which they succeed at after beating him. However most of the crew are arrested after being turned in by the gambler\'s sister, a typist for the FBI. In prison, Henry sells drugs to support his family on the outside. Soon after he is released in 1978, the crew commits the Lufthansa heist at John F. Kennedy International Airport. Despite Paulie\'s warning to stop, Henry further establishes himself in the drug trade, convincing Tommy and Jimmy to join him. Jimmy has the other participants in the Lufthansa robbery killed after they ignore his command to not immediately buy expensive things with their share of the stolen money. Then Tommy is killed for the murder of Billy Batts, having been fooled into thinking that he is going to be made. By 1980, Henry is a nervous wreck from cocaine use and insomnia, as he tries to organize a drug deal with his associates in Pittsburgh. However, he is caught by narcotics agents and sent to jail. On his release, Karen tells him that she flushed $60,000 worth of cocaine down the toilet to prevent the FBI agents from finding it during their raid, leaving Henry and his family virtually penniless. Feeling Henry betrayed him by dealing drugs, Paulie gives Henry $3,200 and ends his association with him. Henry decides to enroll in the Witness Protection Program after realizing that Jimmy intends to have him killed. Forced out of his gangster life, he now has to face living in the real world: "I\'m an average nobody. I get to live the rest of my life like a schnook." Titles explain that Henry was subsequently arrested on drug charges in Seattle, Washington but has been clean since 1987. Paul Cicero died in Fort Worth Federal Prison of respiratory illness in 1988 at 73. Jimmy, as of 1990, was serving a 20-year-to-life sentence in a New York State prison.'] ['{{Plot|date1920smcoBAAAAMBAJ&pgen&source2 A Film Grows in Brooklyn]. New York Magazine, January 24, 1983, p. 3, pp.16-17. Retrieved 2009-01-12. in 1920. His gang consists of Patrick "Patsy" Goldberg, Phillip "Cockeye" Stein, and little Dominic. They work for Bugsy, a local hood, until they meet Max Bercovicz and become an independent operation under his and Noodles\' leadership. Noodles has a fruitless flirtation with Deborah Gelly , who aspires to be a dancer and actress. Bugsy attacks the boys and Dominic is shot fatally. Noodles retaliates by stabbing Bugsy to death with a switchblade. Police officers intervene, and Noodles stabs one of them. He is sent to prison, and Max is left in charge on the outside.  Twelve years later, Noodles  is released from jail in 1932 and becomes reacquainted with his old gang: Max , Patsy  and Cockeye ([[William Forsythe , who are now major players in the bootlegging industry during Prohibition. After briefly reuniting with other acquaintances such as Deborah , her brother Fat Moe , who runs the speakeasy, and Peggy , the gang is recruited by a Detroit mobster, Joe , through the auspices of a local mobster, Frankie Manoldi  to steal a shipment of diamonds from an insurance dealer. Carol , the jeweler\'s secretary, is in on the job and goads Noodles into raping her during the robbery. During an exchange at an abandoned dockyard, Joe and his henchmen are gunned down in a surprise hit by the gang; Frankie Manoldi had arranged the hit to eliminate the competition from Detroit. Leaving the scene, Noodles argues that Max said nothing to him about killing the mobsters, reminding him that they never planned to work for anybody. This is the first sign of the rift between Noodles and Max, which is one of two central themes of the story: the second being Noodles\' doomed relationship with Deborah. The gang becomes involved in Mafia matters, getting into a steel workers\' strike on the side of unionist Jimmy Conway O\'Donnell , protecting him against a steel tycoon\'s thugs. The crew also deals with the corrupt Police Chief  by switching the identity of the Chief\'s newborn son in the maternity ward. Carol becomes reacquainted with the gang and falls for Max. Noodles tries to impress Deborah on an extravagant date, but he is left feeling rejected when she tells him she is leaving the following night for the West Coast where she plans to further her acting career. He rapes her in the back seat of a limousine, and after Deborah leaves, he is left regretting what he has done. Max is eager to advance his gang\'s position, despite Noodles\' objections. After Prohibition is repealed, Max suggests that they rob the New York Federal Reserve Bank, but Noodles sees it as suicidal. He is convinced by Carol to tip off the police about a planned liquor run to keep Max from pulling the bank heist. During a farewell party for Fat Moe\'s speakeasy, he makes an anonymous phone call to the authorities and is beaten by Max after calling his plans "crazy." Later, Noodles learns that Max, Patsy, and Cockeye are all killed in a gunfight after getting cornered by the police. He is consumed with guilt for having made the phone call. Noodles\' new girlfriend Eve  is murdered by the Syndicate, and Fat Moe is beaten nearly to death before revealing the traitor\'s whereabouts. After hiding out in an opium den, Noodles escapes his pursuers. Having retrieved the key to the locker, he makes his way to the gang\'s money hoard. Noodles is shocked to discover that the money is missing, and he flees to Buffalo, where he lives for decades under an assumed name.  In 1968, a gray-haired and world-weary Noodles returns to New York City where he goes to stay with Fat Moe at his restaurant. Noodles shows Moe a letter he received from the local rabbi notifying him that the cemetery where his three friends were buried has been sold for development. The letter offers relatives and friends of the deceased the opportunity to have their remains interred elsewhere. Moe tells Noodles that he got a similar letter on account of his father some eight months previously. Noodles explains that the late delivery of the letter, coupled with the fact that the bodies of Max, Patsy and Cockeye have long since been removed to an exclusive private cemetery, is the reason why he has come back out of hiding. Fat Moe asks: "What\'s this all mean?" Noodles answers: "It means, \'Noodles, though you\'ve been hiding in the asshole of the world, we found you. We know where you are.\' It means, \'Get ready.\'" At the mausoleum where his friends have been reburied, Noodles discovers a key hanging on a plaque dedicating the monument to them in his name. It is similar to the one he and his childhood friends shared for the train station locker they used as an informal bank throughout their career as mobsters. When he goes to the station, he finds the locker contains a suitcase full of cash and a note to the effect that it is advance payment on his next job. Noodles goes to see an elderly Carol who is living or working at an institution run by the Bailey Foundation. The establishment looks like a hospital or a home for the aged. Carol tells Noodles that Max triggered his own death as well as the killing of Patsy and Cockeye by opening fire at the police that night. As they talk, Noodles inspects a group photograph from the opening day of the institution where an older Deborah can be seen very clearly sitting, pride of place, in the center of the front row. Carol is not sure who she is, referring to her as a famous actress and the patron of the institution. Noodles visits Deborah in her dressing room where she is taking off her make-up following a performance of Antony and Cleopatra. Deborah becomes agitated as Noodles begins to question her about the politically embattled Secretary Bailey who featured, obliquely, in a sequence of televised news reports earlier. Noodles is impatient as Deborah recites a few details known to just about anyone who reads the papers, challenging her that she has been living with him for years. Noodles mentions he has an invitation to "a party on Long Island" on Saturday night, although it is never clear exactly where or when that invitation was issued. Deborah advises him not to go, becoming frantic when they are interrupted by a knock on the dressing room door. The voice of a young man calls her by name. She asks him to wait, begging Noodles to leave by the back door, to go and not look back. Noodles leaves the way he came in and is shocked to be confronted by a young man bearing a striking resemblance to Max at the same age. Deborah introduces him as Secretary Bailey\'s son: "His name is David, just like yours." Noodles\' final visit is his attendance at Secretary Bailey\'s party where Secretary Bailey turns out to be none other than Max himself. He is now under investigation for corruption and decides to settle an old debt by hiring Noodles to assassinate him. Upon meeting his old friend after more than thirty years, Noodles learns that the planned liquor raid was a Syndicate operation, but he politely refuses to kill "Bailey" despite Max\'s confession that he betrayed him, stole the money and even "stole" his woman. Before leaving, he tells Max that his betrayal was meant to save his life. Max follows him to the road, and as an industrial garbage disposal truck parked there starts up and begins to slowly move down the road, Max appears to follow it and as his feet disappear behind the tires, we hear additional noises coming from the truck . As the truck passes, Max has disappeared, and in the back of the truck are sharp radius augers designed to move trash or debris into the top of the truck, leaving Max\'s fate somewhat ambiguous, but implying that he threw himself into the truck to be torn apart by the screws.  Noodles goes to an opium den following the loss of his friends. As he settles into his dream, his expression appears to shift from glazed relaxation through a faint glimmer of realisation before cracking into a final, broad grin which is frozen for the end titles.'] ['Gino Felino  is an NYPD detective from Brooklyn who has strong ties within his neighborhood. In the opening scene of the movie, Gino and his partner Bobby are waiting to bust up a multi-million dollar drug deal. However, Gino sees a pimp beating up a woman and intervenes. Shortly afterward, film\'s main antagonist, Richie Madano ([[William Forsythe , murders Gino\'s partner, Bobby Lupo, in broad daylight in front of his wife, Laurie, and his two kids. Richie is a crack addict who grew up with Gino and Bobby and has determined to leave this world via death by cop. Richie then murders a woman at a traffic stop and steals her car, and then begins heading off into Brooklyn alongside his goons, who are horrified by what he does but continue to work alongside him. Gino knows Richie is not going to leave the neighborhood and he tells his captain  to give him the clearance for a manhunt. His Captain gives him the clearance, and provides him with an Ithaca 37 pump action 12 gauge shotgun, and an unmarked 1988 Chevrolet Caprice tactical unit. Gino visits his mob connection Frankie and his boss Don Vittorio to tell them that he is going to find Richie, and he tells them he will not get out of the way of their own plans to take out Richie, whom they view as a loose cannon. As a subplot, Gino is driving when the driver of a station wagon throws a black garbage bag out the window in front of Gino\'s car. Seeing that the bag is moving, Gino stops and gathers the bag, and is surprised to find a very scared puppy inside of it. Gino starts the hunt for Richie at a bar run by Richie\'s brother Vinnie Madano. Vinnie and his friends all refuse to provide information, so Gino beats up all of them. He still does not know where Richie is, but his concern about getting an attitude problem has been taken care of. Richie later comes back to the bar and beats up Vinnie for not killing Gino when it was one cop against a bar full of armed men. He also has info leaked to the mob that he is at the bar, then emerges from hiding and ambushes the mob\'s hitmen in a shoot-out. After visiting a number of local hangouts and establishments trying to find information, Gino discovers Richie killed Bobby because Bobby was having an affair with two women - Richie\'s girlfriend, Roxanne Ford , and a waitress named Terry Malloy . When Gino goes to Roxanne\'s home, he finds she is dead. Gino believes that Richie killed Roxanne before he killed Bobby. Gino goes to Laurie\'s house and tells the widow what is going on. In Laurie\'s purse, Gino finds the picture that Richie dropped on Bobby\'s body after killing Bobby. It turns out that Bobby was a corrupt cop who had wanted a money-making lifestyle like Richie\'s, and Laurie knew Bobby was corrupt. Laurie had found a picture of Bobby and Roxanne naked. She had given Richie the picture out of jealousy, never expecting Richie to kill Bobby for sleeping with Roxanne. Laurie took the picture away from where Richie dropped it on Bobby because she wanted to protect Bobby. Gino attempts to get Richie out of hiding by arresting his sister Pattie  and by talking to his elderly father, a hard-working and honest man who knows his son is worthless. Following a tip from his local snitch Picolino, Gino eventually finds Richie in a house in the old neighborhood having a party. Gino kills all of Richie\'s men. Gino beats Richie senseless and then finally kills him. The mobsters arrive soon after, also intent on killing Richie. Gino uses the lead mobster\'s gun to shoot the already-dead Richie several times, then tells him to return to his boss and take the credit for Richie\'s death. Shortly after, Gino, his wife, and the puppy are walking along the pier when they encounter the "tough guy" who threw the bag into traffic. Gino accosts him, and the man attacks him in response. Gino kicks him in the groin, causing him to collapse on the ground in agony.'] ['When New York journalist Jake Bridges  catches his girlfriend cheating on him, he travels to Atlantic City to drink away his troubles. Jake is saved from a bar brawl by small-time mobster Frankie . Jake befriends Frankie and eventually falls in love with his girlfriend Melissa . Jake then joins Frankie in his money-collecting duties, beginning a path leading to violence, betrayal, and restitution.'] ["The film begins with the funeral of one of the three Tempio brothers. These men are violent criminals. Mourning the passage of their beloved brother Johnny are Chez and Ray. Ray is cold and calculating. Chez is hot tempered. Flashbacks show us that Johnny was more sensitive. Exposure to Communist meetings as a spy sway Johnny's opinions. The chief suspect in Johnny's murder is rival gangster Gaspare Spoglia. Ray and Chez swear revenge. Ray's wife, Jeanette, opposes the campaign of retribution and the violence it will bring, while Chez' wife, Clara, struggles to deal with her husband's obsessive nature. As it turns out, Johnny was not murdered by rival gangsters, but by a man who first claimed Johnny had raped his girlfriend, but who later admits, just before Ray kills him, that he wanted revenge because Johnny had beaten him up in front of his girlfriend and friends. As he buries the dead murderer, Chez reflects on his brothers' lives before the tragedy. He then returns to Ray's house and shoots Ray's bodyguards, shoots his dead brother Johnny lying in the casket, shoots Ray, and then puts the gun in his own mouth and commits suicide as the family women wail over Ray as he too dies."] ["In Manhattan, former gangster turned legitimate businessman Martin Martin ([[Pat O'Brien  has become the target of a politically ambitious district attorney, who has offered immunity for Martin's former partner in crime Dane Cory in exchange for his testimony. After being informed about the deal and narrowly escaping arrest, Martin pays a visit to Cory to persuade him not to testify. The meeting ends up with a shootout, with Martin killing one of Cory's henchmen and being hit himself before fleeing. With his picture on newspaper front pages and a reward on his head, Martin decides to hide in an abandoned house. While recovering to prepare a final assault on Cory, he adopts an injured dog that strays into his hideout and names him Johnny One-Eye."] ["The film begins in Copenhagen with Frank , a mid-level drug dealer, going to a heroin deal with his sidekick Tonny . The pair only manage to sell some of their product, and then waste time about town. Frank then visits his friend Vic , a prostitute who holds some of Frank's stash for a fee. Vic wants to have a serious relationship with Frank, but Frank prefers to keep it purely sexual. Frank is visited by a former cellmate, a Swede named Hasse ([[Peter Andersson , and the pair set up a large drug deal. Frank visits his supplier, the Serb drug lord Milo  to get the heroin. Already owing Milo some money, Frank cannot cover the cost of the heroin, but Milo allows him to take the drugs provided that he immediately returns with the money. The deal goes bad, however, when police arrive. In the process of evading the police, Frank dumps the heroin in a pond. At the station, police officers convince Frank that Tonny has delivered a confession that implicates Frank, but he still does not admit to anything. When Frank is released after 24 hours he returns to Milo to explain how he lost the money and the drugs. Milo does not believe Frank's story and demands that he pay back even more than he already owes. Frank then immediately seeks Tonny out and savagely beats him with a baseball bat. Milo's cynical henchman Radovan  accompanies Frank to help him collect on some of his own debts to use toward his debt with Milo. The pair have a friendly conversation and Radovan shares his secret desire to open a restaurant. However, when Radovan tries to force an addict customer of Frank's to rob a bank to cover his debt, the addict commits suicide. As Frank makes other disastrous attempts to earn money, Vic becomes increasingly insistent that they behave as a couple. He takes her to several clubs and makes plans to drive her to the veterinarian to see her sick dog. Frank finally makes a deal, but his drug mule betrays him and switches the heroin for baking soda. Radovan drops his friendly demeanor and begins threatening Frank with serious injury should he fail to pay up soon. Frank goes on a desperate rampage, stealing some money and drugs from a gym of drug-dealing bodybuilders, but he is soon picked up by Radovan and tortured. Frank manages to escape and makes plans to flee with Vic to Spain. After successfully making his final deal in Copenhagen, Frank receives a call from Milo, who promises to accept a token payment to put an end to their feud. When Frank bluntly informs Vic that he will not be going away with her, she steals his stash of money and flees. The film ends with Frank grimly catching his breath as his enemies throughout the city prepare to strike."] ['Thanks to falsified dental records supplied by his former neighbor Nicholas "Oz" Ozeransky (Matthew Perry, retired hitman Jimmy "The Tulip" Tudeski  now spends his days compulsively cleaning his house and perfecting his culinary skills with his wife, Jill , a purported assassin who has yet to pull off a "clean" hit . Oz, meanwhile, is now married to Jimmy\'s ex-wife Cynthia  and has a dental practice in California, now expecting their first child, but the relationship is complicated due to Oz\'s over-excessive paranoia about security, as well as Cynthia\'s secret continued contact with Jimmy . Their lives are further complicated by the return of Lazlo Gogolak , a father figure of Jimmy\'s who ran the mob that Jimmy was once a member of, Jimmy and Jill having killed his son, Janni, while Lazlo was in prison. Having deduced that Jimmy is still alive, Lazlo abducts Cynthia and threatens Oz to try and learn Jimmy\'s location, Oz only just managing to escape thanks to one of Lazlo\'s henchmen accidentally shooting out a light. With no other options, Oz contacts Jimmy and Jill for assistance, but Jimmy initially refuses to help until Lazlo\'s men attack the house after following Oz\'s car. Having captured Lazlo\'s remaining son, Strabonitz , Jimmy tells Lazlo that he will trade Cynthia for Strabo, but the group\'s attempt to check into a hotel results in Oz unintentionally triggering further conflict between Jimmy and Jill when he reveals that Jimmy still wears a crucifix Cynthia gave him. Retreating to a bar to get drunk, Jimmy becomes increasingly depressed about his apparent failure to father a child with Jill, although Oz becomes frustrated when Jimmy starts discussing his and Cynthia\'s old sex life, culminating in them becoming so drunk that Oz and Jimmy wake up in the same bed . Increasingly frustrated at her poor sex life with Jimmy, Jill attempts to seduce Oz, resulting in Jimmy walking in on them and knocking Oz out, subsequently regaining his passion for Jill and his work as the two proceed to have sex in the bathroom. While re-arming themselves at Oz\'s house, the three are attacked by an unknown marksman, whose attempts to shoot them result in Strabo being killed in the crossfire, the subsequent argument causing Jill to leave in frustration at Jimmy\'s insults of her capabilities and his cold dismissal of Oz. Increasingly driven to breaking point by recent events, Oz retreats to his practice, where Jimmy greets him to apologize for recent events, only for Oz\'s new receptionist Julie to chloroform Oz and Jimmy, revealing that she is the sister of \'Frankie Figgs\', out for revenge for Oz and Jimmy\'s role in her brother\'s death. Waking up with Cynthia and Jimmy in Lazlo\'s apartment, Oz is shocked to learn that the current situation has been part of a plan by Jimmy and Cynthia from the beginning so that Cynthia could find Lazlo\'s half of the first dollar he ever stole, which he had torn in half to be divided between Jimmy and Yanni when they were kids. Just as Lazlo is preparing to kill the three of them, Jill shows up, having set up Strabo\'s body so that he appears to be alive and tied up in her car, threatening to detonate explosives in her car unless Lazlo releases Oz and Cynthia. Claiming to want to join Lazlo\'s organization, Jill is ordered to shoot Jimmy, finally apparently shooting Jimmy in the heart when he informs her that she\'ll never be a successful hitter. When Jill\'s car detonates when Lazlo\'s men go to release Strabo, it is revealed that Jill was in on the plan as well, having merely shot Jimmy with blanks. With Jules having been exposed as the shooter who killed Strabo, Lazlo shoots her, Jimmy subsequently having Jill shoot Lazlo in the foot, unable to kill the man who raised him. As the group depart, Jimmy and Cynthia reveal that the plan was set up to acquire Lazlo\'s half of the dollar, the combined dollar revealing the account number for a Gogalak account containing $280 million. With Jill having revealed that she is pregnant, the four drive away.'] ['The year is 1935. A pet shop owner catches a young boy shoplifting a puppy. To discourage the kid from a life of crime, the owner tells a story . . . It is 1910. Young Johnny Kelly is a poor but honest newsboy in New York City. Johnny beats up Danny Vermin in self defense and discovers his mom needs an operation they cannot afford. Since the execution of Johnny\'s father, Killer Kelly, his widow, Ma Kelly, has supported Johnny and his younger brother, Tommy, who is fascinated by the law. Johnny\'s fight with Vermin attracted the notice of local crime boss Jocko Dundee, and Johnny, seeing no honest way to earn the money for his mom\'s operation, sees no choice than to do a job for Dundee, even though it probably means breaking the law, and in doing so, "breaking his mother\'s heart". He helps Dundee rob the nightclub belonging to Dundee\'s rival, Roman Moronie. When asked his name, Johnny coins the name, "Johnny Dangerously", but Moronie, a malapropist of swearwords, never "forgets a fargin face." Years pass. With his mom\'s continuing medical problems, Johnny goes to work for the Dundee gang full-time. He becomes a suave young man, with plenty of folding cash. The whole neighborhood  knows that Kelly is really Johnny Dangerously, but Johnny\'s secret identity is carefully concealed from his brother and mother. They think he is a law-abiding nightclub owner. Similarly, the gang knows nothing of Johnny\'s mother and brother. Tommy is now in law school, with a girlfriend, and somewhat of a prig—he wants to drop out of law school so he can get a job, marry his girlfriend, and "get laid." With the assistance of a public health film , Johnny gets him to go back to law school. Johnny comes to Dundee\'s headquarters—he is still involved in a running feud with Moronie—to find he has taken on two new gang members: Danny Vermin, and his sidekick Dutch. Danny has lived up to his potential and become a total scumbag, with a taste for using opera audiences as shooting galleries with his .88 Magnum pistol. Moronie, subtle as always, sends a robot with a machine gun to try to knock off the gang. He is not successful, and Johnny retaliates by knocking down Moronie\'s club  with a bomb dropped from a biplane. The two gangs war. In the meantime, Johnny falls for a young showgirl new to the big city, Lil Sheridan, who, when she meets Johnny for the first time, asks him, "Do you know your last name is an adverb?". They go for a long walk together, ending in sexual fireworks. The war continues. Moronie sends a plumber to plant explosives in Dundee\'s toilet. Dundee has a narrow escape, and he retires in Johnny\'s favor. Johnny negotiates a truce with Moronie. A running gag has Ray Walston playing the owner of a newsstand who repeatedly gets knocked out when he is hit on the head by a pile of newspapers being flung from the back of a delivery truck. He temporarily loses one of his primary senses whenever he comes to. At various points throughout the movie, his character alternates between blindness, deafness, and amnesia. Meanwhile, Tommy graduates from law school . Despite Johnny\'s efforts to steer him into a law firm, he goes to work for the District Attorney\'s office. A bit miffed that his money should be used to train a crimefighter, Johnny is nevertheless not worried—District Attorney Burr is on his payroll. The D.A. tries to sidetrack Tommy, but he becomes a major public figure. After he holds hearings looking into Moronie\'s activities, the rival crime boss is deported to Sweden despite his protests that he\'s "not from there." Against Johnny\'s orders, Burr and Vermin conspire to kill Tommy. Tommy is badly injured, but survives. Divining the truth, Johnny has Burr killed—but this leaves Tommy as the new D.A. Tommy recovers, and weds his girlfriend. Vermin discovers that Dangerously is the D.A.\'s brother—and Tommy promptly overhears Vermin chortling about it. Tommy confronts Johnny, who agrees to quit the life of crime. The gang, though, is not as eager and suggests Johnny may be turning state\'s evidence against them. Johnny denies this, and goes to turn the evidence against himself to the Crime Commissioner—who Vermin has just killed, under circumstances that suggest Johnny is the killer. Not only that, Vermin steals Johnny\'s prized bubble gum case . Johnny is arrested for murder, but says he is innocent and the holder of the case is the guilty party. Tommy tries the case against him. Johnny is found guilty, sentenced to the electric chair and sent to death row. But when Vermin congratulates Tommy, and Tommy notices that he has Johnny\'s case, he realizes Johnny is innocent. Ma Kelly sucker punches Vermin in the crotch, and the cigarette case drops out of the stricken mobster\'s pocket. Ma Kelly and Tommy realize that "Johnny didn\'t do it." Meanwhile, his mom is using her contacts to investigate the murder. She finds the cleaning lady who is a witness to Vermin\'s presence. When Tommy hits Vermin with a grand jury subpoena, Vermin knows that he must kill Tommy. Johnny arrives on Death Row, where he receives rock star treatment from the starstruck warden. He receives word of Tommy\'s danger, and plots an escape, prevailing on the warden to move up his execution. As he is taken to the chair, Johnny assembles what looks like a tommy gun from parts handed to him by inmates. He escapes in a laundry truck driven by Lil. Johnny, through a wild chase, arrives at the theatre where Tommy is to be killed. He shoots and wounds Vermin, saving Tommy. The governor pardons Johnny as Vermin is arrested. Back to 1935. The young shoplifter is round eyed. Having taken in the lesson that crime does not pay, he is given a kitten as Johnny Kelly, law abiding pet shop owner, says "Crime doesn\'t pay." The kid goes on his way. Johnny, dressed in a tux, heads off in a riotous limo with Lil Sheridan: "Well, it paid a little!"'] ['In the opening scene the protagonist begins to reminisce about his youth and remembers the day he was saved from execution in a raid performed by the anarchist cell he would later join. After reaching a safe house the group begins to teach him the tricks of their trade. He later takes part in several missions, though he continues to have difficulty throughout the film with the violence of his new job. Eventually a string of tragic events strike the team. One of their members is fatally betrayed during a mission, leading to their covers being blown during the next. Now wanted by the Japanese and Chinese authorities, their funders turn away from them and instead choose to support socialist electoral politics to further their cause. This angers the group, and they leave the larger organization, attempting to survive on their own by earning money through gambling and bank robbery. Over time the group becomes agitated with simply scraping by and several voice a desire to return to their old ways of clandestine warfare. They collectively decide to strike at the Japanese government in a high profile attack, leading up to a dramatic finale.'] ["Crime boss Rusty Pirone  is about to stand trial again and Daniel Graham  of the district attorney's office is determined this time to put him behind bars. Pirone sends one of his henchmen, a burned-out ex-cop named Tommy Vesey , to threaten Valerie Alston , a juror. Unless she cooperates by finding Pirone innocent and deadlocking the jury, Vesey intends to do harm to Valerie's young son. Eleven jurors vote guilty. Valerie incurs the wrath of the others, who feel Pirone's guilt is obvious. One by one, though, she begins to persuade others to vote her way. Pirone goes free. Graham is furious and, when he discovers Valerie's role in the verdict, he begins to pressure her. Valerie is adamant that she has done nothing wrong and feels that she has protected her son, but Pirone won't leave it at that. He forces himself sexually on her and continues to make veiled threats against her life. Vesey's conscience gets the better of him and he intervenes in an attempt by Pirone's jealous woman, Wanda, to have Valerie killed. Vesey dies in the act of saving Valerie's life. With nowhere else to turn, Valerie decides to seduce Pirone at his home, then kill him herself."] ['Don Gregor, the son of a plastic surgeon, is jailed by the police for carrying an unlicensed handgun. Inspector Johns and Lt. Lawrence suspect he is an associate of gangster Vic Brady. Don’s sister Marilyn bails her brother out of jail, and the siblings agree to keep their father uninformed about Don’s indiscretions. Dr. Gregor is aware of his son’s secret life, but believes Don is a good person and that everything will “straighten itself out nicely.” Brady plans to rob a theater. Don is reluctant to become involved but is bullied into participating by Brady. During the robbery, Don kills a night watchman and Brady wounds the theater’s bookkeeper. The two crooks get away with the theater’s payroll. but Brady senses Don is having second thoughts about his involvement. Fearing Don will turn himself in to the police, Brady kills him and stuffs his body into a closet. In order to elude the police, Brady decides to undergo plastic surgery. He contacts Dr. Gregor, telling him he is holding his son hostage until plastic surgery is completed. Dr. Gregor begins the surgery in Brady‘s apartment, but discovers his son’s corpse in the closet. He controls himself, and completes the surgery. Two weeks later, Brady’s bandages are removed, and, to the everyone‘s horror and amazement, Brady’s facial features are exactly those of Don‘s. The police arrive with the theater bookkeeper who identifies “Don” as the man who killed the night watchman. Brady makes a break for it, but dies in a shoot-out with the police.'] ['Gifted poker player Mike McDermott  loses his entire bankroll in a hand of Texas hold\'em against Teddy "KGB" , a Russian mobster who runs an illegal underground poker room. Shaken, Mike decides to concentrate on law school, while promising his girlfriend and fellow law student Jo  to not play the game anymore. Mentor and fellow rounder Knish  offers him a part-time job driving a delivery truck to make ends meet. Time passes, and Mike is true to his promise. He does not play cards, and focuses on school and work until his childhood friend Lester \'Worm\' Murphy  is released from prison. Worm is also a card player, who owes an outstanding debt accumulated before his incarceration. At Worm\'s influence, Mike is soon rounding again, which interferes with his studies and hurts his relationship with Jo, who eventually leaves him. When Worm is given a five day deadline to pay off his debt, Mike joins him in a furious race to earn the money by playing in several card games in and around New York City. The two come close to making the $15,000 needed, yet end up losing their entire bankroll when they are caught cheating at a poker game, despite Mike\'s insistence on playing the game straight. After this incident, Worm decides to leave the city, and advises Mike to do the same. This is when he reveals to Mike that his debt is due to KGB, the very same Russian mobster who had cleaned Mike out of his $30,000 bankroll months before. Infuriated, Mike cuts ties with Worm once and for all. Mike refuses to flee, and instead, with the help of a loan from his law school professor Petrovsky , sits down to play KGB heads-up in a No-Limit Texas Hold\'em game. In a race against time to pay off Worm\'s debt, Mike gets his shot at redemption as he puts his life on the line against the man who had forced him out of the game. Mike eventually beats KGB in two heated heads-up matches in which he ultimately wins enough to pay off Worm\'s debt, repay his loan to the professor, and regain his original bankroll of about $30,000. The movie ends with Mike officially dropping out of law school, saying goodbye to Jo and going to Las Vegas to play in the World Series of Poker Main Event.'] ['The film tells the story of three teenagers, based on real life gangsters Charles "Lucky" Luciano , Benjamin "Bugsy" Siegel  and Michael Lasker  , growing up in New York\'s ghettos during the early 1900s to their rise though organized crime.'] ["Set in Kansas City in 1933, a police lieutenant known simply by his last name, Speer, is acquainted with a former cop turned private eye named Mike Murphy. Speer and Murphy served on the force together and were once good friends, but now can't stand each other. On a rainy night, Speer comes into a diner for coffee. Two goons arrive, looking for Murphy. They pounce the minute Murphy arrives, starting a fistfight. Speer, no fan of Murphy's, decides to stay out of the fight until a goon causes him to spill his coffee. Both goons are thrown through the front door. Murphy sarcastically thanks Speer for saving his life. The two rivals have eyes for Murphy's beautiful secretary Addy. She loves both and proves it when, after tenderly kissing Murphy goodbye, goes on a date with Speer. Murphy has a new romantic interest, a rich socialite named Caroline Howley, but finds himself unable to commit himself. Speer and Addy go to a boxing match at which the mob boss Primo Pitt is present. Murphy's partner Dehl Swift is also there, and seems to be in cahoots with Pitt and his gang. Swift is in possession of a briefcase whose contents are the target of Pitt's gang. Swift is confronted by Pitt's thugs at his apartment and is shot to death. A thug opens the briefcase but there's nothing inside. He picks up Swift's body and throws it out the window, where it lands on the roof of Speer's parked car . Murphy vows revenge on Pitt for killing his partner. He asks Speer for assistance and they form a reluctant alliance. One of the witnesses to Swift's murder is nightclub singer Ginny Lee. After watching a movie, Lee is confronted by Pitt's thugs outside the theatre. As she tries to escape, she is hit by a car and seriously injured. Murphy and Speer vow to avenge her as well as Swift. Final showdowns occur in a warehouse, where Speer humorously pulls out a weapon larger than Murphy's, and in a brothel, where Murphy shows up in costume to rescue a kidnapped Caroline. In the end, the men again have become friends, at least until a casual remark leads to them stepping outside and bickering, face to face."] ['{{Plot}} Seiji  grew up as an orphan who was raised by Boss Muto, whom Seiji considers his father. The Muto family is composed only of Boss Muto, Seiji and Yoshi. However they are part of the Date syndicate. A rival syndicate, the Tendo, attack the Date family, which leads to a meeting in which Boss Muto was required to pay money to help finance the impending war. However Muto does not have enough so offers an assassination instead. To stop his boss from serving a sentence for murder, Seiji informs the police where Muto hides his gun. Boss Muto gets arrested and sentenced to serve 2 years in prison. Seiji and Yoshi rob the financier of the Tendo group and buy weapons from a Taiwanese dealer. The two then attempt to murder the head boss of the 15,000 member strong Tendo group. They nearly succeed as the boss is in critical condition. The act has compromised the future of the Date family. The Tendo family respond quickly with a wave of brutal murders. Seiji and Yoshi return to the Taiwanese dealer and tell him the two plan to attack the number two man of the Tendo family. Boss Muto is expelled from the Date clan, while in prison, because of Seiji\'s actions. Yoshi gets killed by an assassin squad under the order of the Tendo family, while visiting his girlfriend. After hearing of his bosses expulsion Seiji returns to the Date headquarters and shoots the first person who yells at him. A member of the Date clan explains boss Muto was expelled because he went to prison as when he was supposed to commit an assassination, so they think Boss Muto himself in to police. Seiji readily explains it was him who told on the boss. Seiji carries out the assassination of the number two boss and is shot shortly after. Seiji then goes to the bar of Boss Muto\'s wife, who takes him to a doctor. Soon after, Boss Date is assassinated. The Taiwanese arms dealer shows up at Boss Muto\'s wife\'s house with weapons. Before he leaves he tells her that Seiji must love her because of his actions. Boss Muto is murdered in prison. Seiji then retaliates by killing boss Muto\'s killer on the way to his trial. Seiji and boss Muto\'s wife plan to escape to the Philippines. As their boat begins to arrive, Boss Muto\'s wife throws Seiji\'s gun into the water with hopes of a peaceful future. As they turn to get their luggage, they notice a policeman, who had provided information to Seiji, hanging from a crane nearby. The two become aware they are cornered at the end of the dock and their boat turns around when it sees trouble. The assassin squad closes in on them and open fire as Seiji blocks all the shots from hitting Muto\'s wife. As Seiji lies dead, the leader of the assassin squad tells him that he\'s "way too cool" and walks off without harming boss Muto\'s wife.'] ["A policeman's corrupt partner is killed by a hit man. The policeman gets involved with the criminal gang responsible for the killing in order to seek revenge and to 'bring down' the gang's boss."] ['Taking place at present times, Tribu tells the story of street life in the slums of Tondo, Manila, a lower class suburb in the northwest portion of the city of Manila. The film is told from the viewpoint of a young ten-year-old boy named Ebet who We follow as he witnesses the deadly lives of teen age gang members in Tondo and the events that lead to their explosive confrontation. The film follows Ebet who witnesses three youths being initiated into the Thugz Angels gang. In the opening sequence of the film, the 10-year-old boy explains the genesis of the tribes. They exist, he says, because the children are poor. They are poor because they or their parents lack jobs. In Tondo, the boy says, you have to be tough or you die. Even a child needs to be tough. But in the hell that is Tondo, he says, even a child can be God. The Thugz Angels tribe members chance upon a blood-soaked body of a member of another gang. Police arrest a Thugz Angels member for the murder. The murdered teen is a member of the Sacred Brown Tribe, whose leaders vow to avenge their fallen member. They learn that Diablos gang members killed the SBT neophyte. During the wake, SBT members forge a reluctant alliance with the Thugz Angels, and assemble to raid the Diablos lair. The dangerous unlit streets and labyrinthine alleyways in the ghetto district of Tondo in Manila, serves as a claustrophobic backdrop to a random killing that triggers a wild and bloody gang war The Diablos are older, more experienced, and confident of their fighting prowess. They know that they are being targeted for revenge and prepare accordingly. Ebet lurks throughout the story, an enigma that is part innocent child and cynical adult. His loyalties are a mystery, and all that is clear to us is his love for his drug-addicted mother.'] ['Chicago, 1919: A young Al Capone arrives to work for mob boss Johnny Torrio. He meets Torrio\'s top man, "Big Jim" Colosimo, who runs business and politics in the First Ward while secretly on Torrio\'s payroll. Prohibition is enacted a year later, causing Torrio and other gangsters like Dini O\'Bannion, George "Bugs" Moran and Earl "Hymie" Weiss to compete for profits in bootleg liquor and beer. Torrio\'s rivals conspire to have Colosimo and his henchmen killed. A reform mayor is elected, so Torrio and Capone change their base of operations to Cicero, a few miles away. Capone also has O\'Bannion killed and makes a play for Maureen Flannery, the widow of one of Colosimo\'s men. Weiss and Moran return the favor by ordering Torrio to be shot. Capone retaliates by knocking off Weiss and forcing merchants throughout the city to pay for "protection." A sergeant in the Chicago police, Schaefer, is promoted to captain and vows to end the bloodshed and extortion and put Scarface Capone behind bars. With the heat on from the cops, a crooked newspaperman named Keely tries to bribe Schaefer but fails. So he persuades Capone to move to Florida until things cool down. From a safe distance, Capone masterminds the St. Valentine\'s Day Massacre, with several of Moran\'s men gunned down in a Chicago garage. Capone and Moran call a truce, but when he learns Keely has been helping a Moran plot to kill him, Capone ends the reporter\'s life instead. Maureen finally has her fill of Capone\'s corruption and violence, while Schaefer and the feds find a way to finally put Capone away -- on charges of tax evasion, earning him 11 years at Alcatraz.'] ['The film begins with Joshua  and his boss Vincent  driving to a hospital. Both seem to be shot and in pain. Joshua thinks back to his childhood, when his father was shot in front of his eyes. The film then flashes back and shows Joshua and his partner, Mickey  visiting people who owe Vincent money. They visit a crazy druggie who tells them that a small time drug dealer named Frankie Tahoe wants to kill Vincent. Joshua and Mickey tell Vincent, and the trio goes to a guy who works for Frankie. They intimidate him into telling them where Frankie is, and they find Frankie in a club. After a talk where Frankie insults Joshua, calling him Vincent\'s "bitch", and religion, which Vincent holds dear to him, Vincent kills Frankie with a baseball bat. The trio dump the body in a landfill. While doing this, Vincent reveals that Mickey and his wife had been having an affair, and Vincent kills Mickey. Joshua and Vincent are having breakfast, and Joshua tells his boss that he wants no more of it, and that he wants to retire. Vincent is angered and leaves. Vincent gets home, but finds he has two men watching his house. While confronting them, Joshua appears. Joshua and Vincent are told they have been targeted by Nino , a powerful crime boss. They visit Nino. After Nino taunts them, Vincent tells him that he will not be intimidated, and Nino walks away. Once home, Vincent finds his wife murdered. Angered, the two decide to get revenge. They wait until night and then go back to Nino\'s house. Fighting their way through Nino\'s henchmen, Vincent finds Nino, and the two have a standoff, during which Vincent is hit by a shotgun blast, but survives. Nino gets shot and dies. While leaving, Nino\'s wife appears and both fire at each other. Nino\'s wife dies but Joshua takes a hit to the stomach. It is then revealed that this is the opening sequence. It is also revealed that the man who actually killed Joshua\'s father was, in fact, Vincent. Joshua puts his gun to Vincent\'s head, leaving it to the viewer to decide if he kills his boss.'] ['Pil-je is a gangster who has been sent by his bosses to evict the residents of a poor neighbourhood on the edge of Seoul, so that their homes can make way for some new luxury apartments. But after he befriends some of the locals, including female boxer Myung-ran and a group of young children, he starts to have a change of heart.'] [" Boxer From Shantung follows Ma Yongzhen and Xiao Jiangbei. Ma and Xiao are manual laborers busting their tails in Shanghai at the beginning of the film, and Ma's first encounter with the crime lord Tan Si starts him off on the underworld influence ladder. Step by step, he earns the respect of everyone he meets, either with his strength of character or by beating them up. When he gets a really big break by defeating a Russian strongman, he indulges himself in a fancy cigarette holder, much like the one Tan Si uses. However, he is mindful of his humble beginnings, and of the fact that times are still tough for many in Shanghai. He shares his good fortune with his old fellow wage slaves, and when they assist him in his various extralegal activities, he lectures them on the futility of trying to extort money from people who simply don't have any to spare.  The tea house that Ma and his underlings frequent employs a singer, Jin Lingzi, and her uncle, who provides the music. Ms. Jin's hopes that Ma's arrival will mark a turn for the better for conditions in the crime-plagued city are dashed when she ascertains that he isn't different enough from the other bosses she's seen rise and fall."] ['{{plot}} An unnamed American man  at a bar in Mexico tells the story of how he witnessed a massacre in another bar committed by a man  with a guitar case full of guns. The bar\'s patrons perk up when the man mentions that the mariachi was looking for a man named "Bucho." Later, the American man visits the Mariachi telling him that the bar is a good starting place to look for Bucho. Meanwhile, the bartender alerts Bucho that a "man in black" is looking for him and Bucho increases his security. El Mariachi arrives in town, and befriends a young boy. Entering the bar he is recognized by the patrons, employees of Bucho, and engages in a gunfight with them, killing all but one. As he exits, he is tailed by the sole survivor, who manages to wound him before being killed. During the meeting with the survivor, he saves beautiful bookstore owner, Carolina, and passes out. When he wakes up, his wounds are being tended by Carolina  the owner of the bookstore. He also finds out that Bucho holds control over Carolina and the entire town, paying them to hide his illegal activities. Later, he meets with his American friend at a nearby church; but, as they exit, they are attacked by the assassin Navajas , who kills the American and wounds El Mariachi with a set of throwing knives. As El Mariachi runs in a back alley for cover, Navajas is interrupted by the presence of Bucho\'s limo and is killed by Bucho\'s bodyguards before they realize that he had been sent by Bucho\'s superiors to kill El Mariachi. That night he returns to Carolina and the two of them succumb to their desires and make love. The next day, El Mariachi and Carolina are ambushed by Bucho\'s men, who were sent to kill them. When Bucho\'s men set the bookstore on fire, the couple escape through the rooftop. After finding cover, El Mariachi grabs one of his guns and aims at Bucho from outside his limousine, but suddenly hesitates and puts his gun away upon seeing his face. Carolina asks him why he didn\'t shoot, but he does not reply. Later, at a hotel, El Mariachi tells Carolina she can leave the village and use the money she stashed to start a new life, but she tells him that the money was hidden in the books that were burned. He then decides to call his friends Campa ([[Carlos Gallardo  and Quino , who meet up with him and go to a deserted part of town for a showdown with Bucho\'s men. Campa and Quino are killed in the battle, but the three mariachis manage to wipe out the thugs. However, El Mariachi discovers that the little boy from earlier on has been shot. He and Carolina rush the boy to the hospital before heading for Bucho\'s ranch. Upon their arrival, it is revealed that El Mariachi and Bucho are brothers; Bucho\'s real name is César and he addresses El Mariachi as Manito . Bucho, however, is angered by Carolina\'s betrayal and threatens to kill her to even the score with El Mariachi killing his men. El Mariachi, unable to bear another love\'s death, ejects his pistols from his sleeves and shoots Bucho dead. Back at the hospital, the couple discover that the boy will recover from his wounds. El Mariachi thanks Carolina and leaves. As he is walking in the desert, Carolina drives by and asks him to join her. He throws away his guitar case before he and Carolina drive off; but then they stop and go back to pick it up , before driving away into the sunset.'] ['To prevent a gang war, a young Ohio investment advisor Michael Rapaport must impersonate a Mafia Godfather for a few weeks following the assassination of his crime-boss biological father Robert Forster whom he had not even known existed. He tries to keep this new life secret from his real family, especially from his very jealous fiancee Christine Taylor, with the help of his new Cosa Nostra "family," especially his father\'s chief lieutenant Christopher Walken'] ['After killing Pretty Boy Floyd , FBI agent Melvin Purvis  is promoted by J. Edgar Hoover  to lead the hunt for John Dillinger . Purvis shares Hoover\'s belief in using scientific methods to battle crime, ranging from cataloging fingerprints to tapping telephone lines. In between a series of bank robberies, Dillinger meets Billie Frechette  at a restaurant and woos her by buying her a fur coat. Frechette falls for Dillinger even after he reveals his identity, and the two become inseparable. Purvis leads a failed ambush at a hotel where he believes Dillinger is staying; an agent is killed by Baby Face Nelson , who escapes with Tommy Carroll . Purvis requests that Hoover bring in professional lawmen who know how to catch criminals dead or alive, including Texan Charles Winstead . Police arrest Dillinger and his gang in Tucson, Arizona, after a fire breaks out at the Hotel Congress. Dillinger is extradited to Indiana, where he is locked up in the Lake County Jail in Crown Point, by Sheriff Lillian Holley . Dillinger and other inmates use a fake gun to escape. Dillinger is unable to see Frechette, who is under tight surveillance. Dillinger learns that Frank Nitti\'s  associates are unwilling to help because his crimes are motivating the FBI to prosecute interstate crime, which imperils Nitti\'s bookmaking racket. Carroll goads Dillinger into a bank robbery in Sioux Falls with Baby Face Nelson. During their escape, both Dillinger and Carroll are shot, and they have to leave Carroll behind. The group retreat to the Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters, Wisconsin, and realize their haul is significantly less than Nelson said it would be. Dillinger hopes he can free the rest of his gang from prison, including Pierpont  and Makley , but "Red" Hamilton  convinces him this is unlikely. Purvis and his men apprehend Carroll and torture him to learn the gang\'s location. Purvis organizes an ambush at Little Bohemia. Dillinger and Hamilton escape separately from the rest of the gang. Agents Winstead and Hurt  pursue Dillinger and Hamilton through the woods, engaging in a gunfight in which Hamilton is fatally wounded. Trying to escape, Nelson, Shouse, and Van Meter hijack a Bureau car, killing Purvis\'s partner Carter Baum  in the process. After a car chase, Purvis and his men kill Nelson and the rest of the gang. Hamilton dies that night. Dillinger meets Frechette, telling her he plans to commit one more robbery that will pay enough for them to escape together. When Dillinger drops her off at a tavern he thinks is safe, she is arrested. Frechette is beaten during interrogation to learn Dillinger\'s whereabouts, which she does not reveal; Purvis and Winstead eventually arrive and intervene. Dillinger agrees to participate in a train robbery with Alvin Karpis  and the Barker Gang, intending to flee the country the next day. He receives a note from Billie through her lawyer, Louis Piquett , telling him not to try to break her out of jail. Through Zarkovich, Purvis enlists the help of madam and Dillinger acquaintance Anna Sage , threatening her with deportation if she does not cooperate. She agrees to set up Dillinger, who she believes will come to hide out with her. Dillinger and Sage see Manhattan Melodrama at the Biograph Theater. After the film, Purvis signals other agents upon seeing them leave. Dillinger spots the police but is shot before he can draw his gun. Winstead listens to Dillinger\'s last words. Purvis goes to inform Hoover of Dillinger\'s death. Winstead tells Frechette, still incarcerated, that he thinks Dillinger\'s dying words were, "Tell Billie for me, \'Bye bye Blackbird\'." The closing text reveals that Melvin Purvis quit the FBI in 1935 and died by his own hand in 1960, and that Billie lived out of the rest of her life in Wisconsin following her release in 1936.'] ['Iberia Parish Sheriff\'s Detective Dave Robicheaux  is investigating the murder of a young woman and has a chance encounter with a pair of Hollywood stars, Elrod Sykes  and his girlfriend Kelly Drummond , who are in the small town to make a Civil War film. Due to the erratic driving, Dave determines that Elrod is driving drunk and decides to arrest him. Elrod, objecting to being sent to jail, tells Dave of a decayed corpse that he and Kelly had found in the swamp. Dave goes to investigate while remembering a murder he had witnessed as a teenager where a chained prisoner was shot in the swamp and disappeared into the bog. The discovery is soon tied to several murders in that area that had occurred recently, mostly to young runaways and prostitutes. The clues seem to point to Julie "Baby Feet" Balboni  whose ties with the mafia had caused Dave and him to drift apart and become enemies. Balboni denies knowing the prostitute whose murder is being investigated. With little to go on, Dave visits the film site and meets the producer Michael Goldman  who states that while Baby Feet is helping to fund the film, he is not a co-producer as he had said. Meanwhile, Dave\'s home life is disrupted by Elrod and Kelly, who begin turning up regularly, almost every time with Elrod being drunk. This prompts Dave to take pity on him as he, too, is a struggling alcoholic. His daughter, Alafair  looks up to movie star Elrod, but wife Bootsie  has concerns. The discovery of a second body prompts the FBI to become involved in the case. Dave is partnered with agent Rosie Gomez . Dave attends a birthday party for Goldman and, though drinking Dr Pepper, becomes terribly uncoordinated during his drive home and crashes his pickup truck, sending him off in a daze to the forest. There he encounters a camp of Confederate soldiers, and their commanding officer General John Bell Hood  who apparently wishes to help Dave with his journey to solve these murders. When he awakens from his daze in a hospital, Dave learns from Gomez that his drink had been laced with LSD. Elrod drunkenly takes a boat out on the Bayou with Kelly, calling Dave when the boat engines get caught in crab nets. Dave gives Kelly his coat, as it is pouring rain, and a mysterious gunman shoots her in the chest, mistaking her for him. General Hood offers advice again and Dave shakes off the feelings of guilt over Kelly\'s death. Elrod moves in for a while so Dave can be his AA sponsor. Dave\'s cop friend, Lou Girard, is found dead, apparently by shooting himself with a shotgun. On the last occasion that Dave sees General Hood, the general and a few of his Confederate comrades are breaking camp and preparing to leave. They are having a group photograph taken and the general invites Dave to join them in the group. A story from an alleged pimp corroborates a suspect, Murphy Doucet  who, with his partner Twinkie Lemoyne , are responsible for the death of DeWitt Prejean, the skeleton found in the swamp. Dave arrests Doucet using a planted knife as evidence, but Doucet gets out on bail and kidnaps Dave\'s young daughter Alafair. Gomez and Dave go to Baby Feet\'s residence and force him into telling them about a campsite Doucet owns. The pair head there. Gomez is startled by Doucet and instinctively shoots him. Dave plants a throw-away pistol on the unarmed villain to ensure that she is cleared of any charges of murdering him. They free Alafair and return home. Months later, Dave, who had stopped seeing visions of General Hood after the case was solved determines that he was a figment of his imagination, a lingering spirit to help him through the most difficult case of his life. He moves on with his life, while Baby Feet, according to Dave was arrested for an issue that no one would have suspected, not as a mafia criminal, but as a tax dodger. Elrod too moves on with his life, leaving his alcohol addiction behind; he gives Alafair a small role in the Civil War film, and claims that she had been his salvation. As the story ends, Alafair is looking through a book on the Civil War when she comes across a photograph of General Hood and his soldiers. We see a close-up of the photo; standing in the back, among the Confederate soldiers, is Dave Robicheaux. It is the photo taken during what Dave had supposed was a vision.'] ['In 1933, a mischievous ten year old, Archie , is left in the care of his unattentive father, Charlie ([[Ted King , a reluctant gangster indebted to mob boss Benny “The Bomb” Palladino . Benny gives Charlie a last chance to clear his ‘debt’ by collecting money from a rival, but when Archie follows his father into a rival gangster’s speakeasy, a series of bizarre events take place culminating in them fleeing without the money. They head south to a dustbowl town where Charlie plans to repay his debt by stealing money from a bootlegging business run by Ugly Jim McCrae . However, Charlie realises things will not be that easy and is forced into taking a teaching job as cover which brings father and son closer. When a beautiful widowed mother, Ellen Heaven  takes offence at the new teacher, she does all she can to get him thrown out of town. Torn between their responsibilities and their attraction to each other, passions are awoken and Charlie and Ellen fall in love. However, the two revengeful mob bosses have not forgotten Charlie and arrive in town to settle scores.'] ["Kosi ([[Arya  and Selva , are contract killers working for a middleman with the ironic name of Sami . Director Vishnuvardan portrays this morbid telling of two orphaned youths with incredible realism of trust, friendship, and ultimate betrayal masterfully. Kosi is an unblinking man with a stubborn feel for life thereby refusing to love and be loved. Selva, deaf and dumb, is equally intrepid although he has a heart ticking beneath the dark, dire exterior. Saroja , a salesgirl at a garment company is an outgoing and sprightly girl and is a friend of both Kosi and Selva. She is in deeply in love with Kosi but the latter only finds her presence as a nuisance whereas Saroja's chief manager who stubbornly tries to make Saroja sleep with him. In stark contrast to this romance, is the love between Selva and Sandhya  who are smitten with each other after some fate-based encounters that bring some light-hearted humor to the film. As the film progresses, Kosi and Saroja end up sleeping together when Kosi begins to drink excessively, promptly making him start to realize his feelings for Saroja. Unfortunately this new-found happiness does not last as their profession does not allow it to. Kosi and Selva set out to assassinate Avinashi Nachimuthu Gounder , a business tycoon and uprising politician as instructed to do so by Sami. Kosi and Selva mutually agree to make this assignment their last and to begin leading normal lives with their newfound loves Saroja and Sandhya respectively. A new twist occurs in the story where the people who hired Saami told him to finish off Kosi and Selva once the job is completed. Upon preparing for the assassination, Kosi becomes unable to think as he finds himself overwhelmed with feelings of love, at which point Selva decides that he should finish the execution himself and Kosi should go speak with Saroja. Kosi visits Saroja at her home where he finds her with shivering and with bruises. Saroja then tells Kosi how her chief manager intruded the house and sexually violated her after she refused to love him. Infuriated at this, an emotionally shaken Kosi finds the manager and beats him to a horrific death. Meanwhile, Selva had cunningly assassinated Avinashi Nachimuthu Gounder and is returning home. The manager's boss who happens to be a big don himself finds out that Kosi is the one responsible for the manager's death and seeks out revenge. He gets a hold of Saami and blackmails him to bring Kosi to him for his life.Unknowingly, Kosi goes with Saami and is killed in the ambush from a gunshot to his head. Selva who returns later finds out about this unfortunate event and seeks revenge. He visits Sandhya and questions her about his Kosi's murder and the people responsible for his death. He intrudes the don's house and kills everyone in his way including the don. When Selva returned home, Sandhya was shocked to see him with his many injuries. Sandhya tells Selva to wait by the door while she went to call for an auto rickshaw to get them both to the hospital. Meanwhile, the irritating boy who appeared before begging for a job, stabs Selva in the same approach as Selva did in the introduction scene in the hotel room. The boy who was still recovering for the shock that he actually stabbed Selva, stabbed him again multiple times when he saw Sandhya rushing towards him. Selva dies from the multiple wounds and falls on Sandhya's lap. In the scene before the credits, a scene is shown where Saami is having a chat with the boy who committed the murder. The scene is shown as a deja-vu where Saami convinces Kosi and Selva that they're all part of this scheme together. Saami uses the same dialogue to the boy letting the audience connect that the boy will end being killed too."] ["Nick Gunar, ex-soldier is down and out in Chicago in a typically cold winter. When two men offer him a job on a tropical island, he reluctantly agrees and gathers together a group of soldier friends also down on their luck. They arrive in the Far East and come up against the evil Keefer who was with them in Angola. He now owns the local police force and shows Nick and the others who's boss. Afterwards, Nick and his crew go to the island which they find is occupied by peaceful natives. Nick respects them but there is some friction by a few of them who want to kill some natives to reveal where the treasure is. Nick stops them, and finds out the treasure they are after is guano . The two men intend to strip the island to get it, leaving the natives as casualties. The group divides up and Nick hands half of them their marching orders  as he refuses to kill the natives to do the job. Meanwhile, Keefer has scented money and dealt himself in. He joins the group Nick kicked out along with the Colonel and battle begins. Many are shot, stabbed, blown up and worse as mercenaries and natives die. Though poorly armed, the natives make up for this in trickery and local knowledge. Nick has a bazooka style weapon  which causes mayhem. After a number of attacks by both sides, many are dead and finally, there is the final showdown between Nick and Keefer, with the latter gaining the upper hand in the fist fight and attempting to strangle Nick to death while drowning him. Nick manages to grab a nearby bone and stab Keefer in the neck, then proceeds to drown him. As the natives bury their dead, the few surviving mercenaries leave but Nick stays behind."] ['Charlie  is a young Italian-American man who is trying to move up in the local New York Mafia but is hampered by his feeling of responsibility towards his reckless friend, Johnny Boy , a small-time gambler who owes money to many loan sharks. Charlie works for his uncle, Giovanni , the local caporegime, mostly collecting debts. He is also having a hidden affair with Johnny Boy\'s cousin, Teresa , who has epilepsy and is ostracized because of her condition — especially by Charlie\'s uncle. Charlie is torn between his devout Catholicism and his Mafia ambitions. As the film progresses, Johnny becomes increasingly self-destructive, growing continually more disrespectful of his creditors. Failing to receive redemption in the church, Charlie seeks it through sacrificing himself on Johnny\'s behalf. At a bar, a local loan shark named Michael , comes looking for Johnny to "pay up", but to his surprise, Johnny insults him. Michael lunges at Johnny who retaliates by pulling a gun on him. After a tense standoff, Michael walks away, and Charlie and Johnny decide to leave town for a brief period with Teresa. After a calm getaway by car, the trio is eventually pursued by Michael and his henchman, in another car. The henchman fires shots at Charlie\'s car, hitting Johnny in the neck, and Charlie in the hand, causing Charlie to crash the car. The film ends with an ambulance and police arriving at the scene, and paramedics take them away.'] ["Years ago, a mob boss named Lucio Malatesta  pinned the murder of rival Sammy Carboni  on another rival named Angelo Allieghieri , which led to Sammy's son Gianni vowing revenge. Frankie Delano  has spent his life safeguarding Angelo as well as Angelo's daughter, Jennifer Barrett , whose unsavory husband Kip Barrett  has had their young son Rawley  placed in a boarding school against Jennifer's wishes. Jennifer was raised by her adoptive parents Whitney Towers  and Peggy Towers  and is not aware that Angelo is her father. After Angelo is killed in a restaurant by a hit man named Bruno , Frankie introduces himself, tells Jennifer who he is and what he has been doing. A neurotic mess, Jennifer can barely handle the news that Kip is a philanderer, let alone the revelation that she is a gangster's daughter. But a DVD prepared by Angelo in the case of just such an event convinces Jennifer that it's the truth. Jennifer certainly doesn't want a full-time bodyguard, even Frankie. She ditches Kip and then falls for Italian romance novelist Marcello , who lectures at her book club. Frankie has suspicions about Marcello, but his job is to stay on the sidelines. Frankie rescues Jennifer from a string of attacks. With many of Angelo's enemies, including Lucio Malatesta, terminated, Frankie allows her to visit Italy with Marcello. But it turns out that Marcello is actually Gianni Carboni, who had Angelo killed. And now Gianni plans to kill Jennifer. It's up to Frankie to protect her one more time."] ['The film, set in California, opens with Cosmo Vitelli  making the final payment on a longstanding gambling debt to a sleazy loanshark . To celebrate his long-anticipated freedom, strip club owner Vitelli has an expensive night out with his three favorite dancers . The evening culminates in a poker game in which Vitelli loses $23,000, returning him to the debtor\'s position he had just left. Using the debt as leverage, his mob creditors coerce him into agreeing to perform a "hit" on a rival. Vitelli is led to believe that his target is a smalltime criminal of minor consequence, the Chinese bookie of the film\'s title; but in fact, he is the capo of the Chinese mafia, "the heaviest cat on the West Coast." Vitelli manages to kill the man and several of his bodyguards, but is severely wounded before escaping. In addition to the potentially fatal gunshot wound he sustains, Vitelli comes to realize that his assignment was a set-up: that his mob employers double-crossed him and had no expectation he would survive his debut as a hitman. Forced into a corner again, Vitelli manages to kill or elude his assailants, but the film ends with no indication of whether Vitelli will survive his ordeal, as the show at his club goes on.'] [' Cody Jarrett  is the ruthless, deranged leader of a criminal gang. Although married to Verna , Jarrett is overly attached to his equally crooked and determined mother, "Ma" Jarrett , his only real confidante. Cody suffers from debilitating headaches and his mother consoles him each time. Early in the film she sits him on her lap and gives him a shot of whiskey with the toast, "Top of the world." It is later revealed that Jarrett\'s father died in an insane asylum. Jarrett and his gang rob a train, resulting in the deaths of four members of the train crew and a Jarrett accomplice, Zuckie . With the help of informants, the police close in and Jarrett shoots and injures US Treasury investigator Philip Evans ([[John Archer . Jarrett then confesses to a lesser crime, which was committed by an associate at the same time as the train robbery, thus providing Jarrett with an alibi. He is sentenced to one to three years. Evans is not fooled. He plants undercover agent Hank Fallon  in Jarrett\'s cell; Fallon goes by the name Vic Pardo. His main task is to find the "Trader," a fence who launders stolen money for Jarrett. On the outside, "Big Ed" Somers , Jarrett\'s ambitious right-hand man, has designs on both the leadership of Jarrett\'s gang and his treacherous wife Verna. He pays a convict, Roy Parker ([[Paul Guilfoyle , to kill Jarrett. In the prison workplace, Parker arranges to drop a heavy piece of machinery on Jarrett, but Pardo pushes him out of the way, saving his life. Ma visits and vows to take care of Big Ed herself, despite Jarrett\'s attempts to dissuade her. He begins to worry and decides to break out. Before he can, Jarrett learns that Ma is dead and goes berserk in the mess hall, being dragged away to the infirmary and diagnosed with psychosis. Jarrett takes hostages and escapes, along with Pardo, their cellmates and Parker, who is locked in the trunk of the getaway car. Later, when Parker complains, "It\'s stuffy, I need some air," Jarrett replies, "Oh, stuffy, huh? I\'ll give ya a little air." While calmly munching on a chicken leg, he empties his gun into the trunk. On hearing of Jarrett\'s escape, Big Ed nervously waits for him to show up. Verna tries to slip away, but she is caught by her husband. She convinces him that Big Ed murdered Ma . Jarrett guns down Big Ed. The gang welcomes the escapees, including Pardo, for whom Jarrett has developed a genuine liking. Jarrett insists on sharing the proceeds from their robberies with him, stating, "I split even with Ma, didn\'t I?" A stranger shows up at the gang\'s isolated country hideout, asking to use the phone. Everybody expects the stranger to be murdered: "Looks like Big Ed\'s gonna have company." To Pardo\'s surprise, he is introduced by a trusting Jarrett to the Trader , the fence he was to track down. Jarrett intends to steal the payroll at a chemical plant in Long Beach, California by using a large tank truck as a Trojan Horse to hide inside. Pardo manages to get a message to Evans and an ambush is set up. The gang gets into the plant but the driver, Creel ([[Ian MacDonald , recognizes Pardo as Fallon . The police surround the building and Evans calls on Jarrett to surrender. Jarrett decides to fight it out. When the police fire tear gas into the office, Fallon manages to escape. All of Jarrett\'s henchmen are shot by the police, or by Jarrett himself when they try to give themselves up . Jarrett then flees to the top of a gigantic, globe-shaped gas storage tank. When Fallon shoots Jarrett several times with a rifle, Jarrett starts firing into the tank and shouts, "Made it, Ma! Top of the world!" just before it goes up in a massive explosion.'] ['A street smart young guy tries to save his younger brother when a mobster takes a hit out on him for stealing a truckload of designer shoes.'] ['On the day of his only daughter\'s wedding, Vito Corleone  hears requests in his role as the Godfather, the Don of a New York crime family. Vito\'s youngest son Michael , in Marine Corps khakis, introduces his girlfriend, Kay Adams , to his family at the sprawling reception. Vito\'s godson Johnny Fontane , a popular singer, pleads for help in securing a coveted movie role, so Vito dispatches his consigliere Tom Hagen  to the abrasive studio head, Jack Woltz , to secure the casting. Woltz is unmoved until the morning he wakes up in bed with the severed head of his prized stallion. Shortly before Christmas 1945, drug baron Virgil "The Turk" Sollozzo , backed by the Corleones\' rivals, the Tattaglias, asks Vito for investment and protection through his political connections, but Vito disapproves of drug dealers. Instead, he sends his enforcer, Luca Brasi  to spy on them, but two fish are sent to the family wrapped in Brasi\'s vest, confirming he "sleeps with the fishes". An assassination attempt by Sollozzo\'s men lands Vito in the hospital, so eldest son, Sonny , takes command. Sollozzo kidnaps Hagen to pressure Sonny to accept his deal. Michael thwarts a second assassination attempt on his father at the hospital, but is accosted by corrupt police captain McCluskey , who breaks his jaw. Sonny retaliates by having Tattaglia\'s son killed. Michael comes up with a plan to hit Sollozzo and McCluskey that his brother approves over Hagen\'s objections: on the pretext of settling the dispute, Michael lures the pair to a restaurant, retrieves a planted handgun and murders them. Despite a clampdown from the authorities, the Five Families erupt in open warfare and the brothers fear for their safety. Michael takes refuge in Sicily, and Fredo  is sheltered by associate Moe Greene  in Las Vegas. Sonny attacks his brother-in-law Carlo on the street for abusing his sister Connie . When it happens again, Sonny speeds for her home but assassins ambush him at a highway toll booth and riddle him with machine gun fire. Vito is saddened to learn that, despite his hopes, Michael has become involved in the family business. However, Michael has fallen in love with Apollonia Vitelli  and married her in Sicily. His peace is shattered when a car bomb intended for him takes the life of his new wife. To end the feuds, Vito meets with the heads of the Five Families, withdrawing his opposition to the Tattaglias\' heroin business and swearing to forego revenge for Sonny\'s murder. He deduces that the Tattaglias were under orders of the now dominant Don Emilio Barzini . With his safety guaranteed, Michael returns home and over a year later marries Kay. Seeing his father at the end of his career and his surviving brother too weak, Michael takes the reins of the family and promises his wife to make it legitimate within five years. Biding his time, Michael allows rival families to pressure Corleone enterprises and plans to move family operations to Nevada, while delegating New York operations to members who stay behind. Michael also replaces Hagen with his father as his consigliere; Vito explains to an upset Hagen that they have long range plans for him in the family. When Michael travels to Las Vegas to buy out Greene\'s stake in the family\'s casinos, Greene derides the Corleones as a fading power. Michael\'s anger is fueled when Fredo falls under Greene\'s sway. Vito collapses and dies in his garden in 1955 while playing with Michael’s son Anthony. At the funeral, Salvatore Tessio  arranges a meeting between Michael and Don Barzini, signalling his treachery as Vito had warned. The meeting is set for the same day as the christening of Connie and Carlo\'s son, to whom Michael will stand as godfather. As the christening proceeds, Corleone assassins, acting on Michael\'s orders, murder the other New York dons and Moe Greene. Tessio is told that Michael is aware of his betrayal and taken off to his death. After Carlo is questioned by Michael on his involvement in setting up Sonny\'s murder and confesses he was contacted by Barzini, Peter Clemenza  kills him with a garrotte. Michael is confronted by Connie, who accuses him of having her husband killed. He denies killing Carlo when questioned by Kay, an answer she accepts. As Kay watches warily, Michael receives his capos, who address him as the new Don Corleone.'] ['{{Plot}} A private plane belonging to the TDX company is shot down over Singapore by a rogue agent from the CIA, Kelvin Woo. The company president was coming to investigate a stolen computer protection system. Kelvin has a programmer, Alex, plant a bug in the 1st National Bank\'s computer system, but he still needs a "Caller Program" to wipe the systems before they can rob the bank. Colonel Ng, head of the Army\'s Information Warfare Unit, recruits Major Eric Ong from the Singapore Police to investigate the plane shooting independently from the US authorities. Eric is sent to Hong Kong to quietly observe. In Hong Kong, brothers Peter and Greg Li are computer programmers. Peter\'s girlfriend, Janet, and her brother Bobby live with them. Greg calls his girlfriend, Salina. She tells him that her office was raided by the CIA. Ronald Ng of the Hong Kong Police Force Government Security Unit raids Greg\'s home, with him are Kelvin and his accomplice, representing the CIA. Eric watches from the street. While searching, an ion pulse bomb is triggered, which disables all of the electronics in the house. The brothers are arrested and an American diplomat interrogates Greg while Ronald listens in. It turns out Greg is a CIA agent and asked for help from the embassy. Greg suspects the CIA has be compromised and that TDX may be implicated. Kelvin finds Greg\'s computer was wiped clean by the ion bomb. Peter is released, but Greg is to be deported back to the States. As the vehicles leave the embassy, Peter sees his brother and waves goodbye. Suddenly, a rocket hits one of the vehicles, flipping it on to Greg\'s vehicle. All of the officers are killed by sniper fire. Kelvin, in the car behind Greg\'s, sits quietly while everyone else panics. A devastated Peter follows Ronald as he chases the sniper, but find himself running ahead of the officers. The sniper fires at Peter until he runs out of bullets. Peter, knowing the sniper is out, attacks him. Kelvin arrives and is about to shoot Peter when PTU officers show up. Kelvin then pretends to help Peter while the sniper escapes. Kelvin offers his help and gives Peter his number. As Peter drives home with Janet, he notices a car following them. He confronts the driver, who turns out to be Eric. He reveals he is a Singaporean agent and asks Peter to help him investigate his brother\'s death. When Peter gets home, he finds the house has is swarming with police as part of the investigation. An officer breaks a large vase, spilling coins all over the floor. Salina arrives with her friend, a judge, who prevents further searching. When the coins are later cleaned up, a key to Greg\'s safe deposit box is found. Salina advices Peter to check the contents right away. She helps him forge his brother\'s identity, and they find it holds a metal briefcase. They take the briefcase, but are arrested by Ronald outside the bank. While being driven away the GSU vehicles are attacked by assailants trying to steal the briefcase. In the gun battle several are killed, including Ronald. Just before he dies, Ronald warns Peter about Salina. Peter is forced to kill an assailant, while the sniper from earlier is stopped by Eric, who had just arrived. In the car, Salina opens the briefcase and finds a safe deposit box key for the Singapore National Bank. Peter decides to go to Singapore with Salina, despite Eric\'s objections. Eric tells Colonel Ng he believes the GSU were attacked by Kelvin, while confirming Peter\'s innocence and his suspicions about Salina. Colonel Ng is upset about his involvement in the gun battle and demands he returns to Singapore. Peter\'s locks the key in the hotel room\'s safe. He obviously distrust Salina, while she becomes colder. They have a confrontation over dinner and Peter demands to know her identity. Salina tearfully reveals her car thief skills from being a hooker in a night club, where she met Greg. The following morning, Salina and the key are missing. The others rush to the bank, where they see Salina leaving the bank, accompanied by the man Peter recognises as the sniper who shot his brother. The two leave in a red vehicle, while the others rush out to get help from some nearby policemen. Frustrated, Peter steals the police car while Bobby stops the policeman, who calls for backup. Eric hears the radio message and rushes to the scene. Peter chases the car to the Boat Quay, where he rams it. Eric and three other officers intercepts the sniper\'s car and have a gun battle. As Peter reaches the scene, Salina fires at his feet to stop him. A speedboat is hijacked and all three, including Salina, escape up the Singapore River. Eric tells Peter and his friends that they need to go back to Hong Kong and Eric asks Peter not to reveal his identity. The contents of the safe are shown to Kelvin, but it only contains items of sentimental value to Salina. Disgusted, he reminds her that she belongs to him, she was the one who stole the Caller Program. He threatens to kill her, erasing all evidence. At the airport, Bobby finds a mysterious program implanted on his laptop. Alex successfully completes the Caller Program, and destroys the data for several organizations, including the Stock Exchange and National Bank, their intended target. Kelvin is upset that the second part will take a month to finish. He gets a call from an unsuspecting Peter, who tells him about the program in Bobby\'s laptop and asks for his assistance. They arrange to meet at a hotel, where the sniper is positioned on a nearby rooftop. A waiter offers them water and Peter is surprised to see it is Eric. With increased confidence, he demands information on Salina and his brother\'s killer. Kelvin asks that they move to a quieter area. While on the way out, he pokes gun in Peter\'s back, who finally realizes who his brother\'s killer really is. Eric pursues and they fight on the hotel roof. The sniper pins Eric down. As they fight for the laptop, Peter falls off the roof, but is saved by a window washing platform, while Kelvin escapes with the laptop. Bobby sees Kelvin leaving and tails him in a taxi. Kelvin and two agents arrive at Suntec City, where they meet Salina and four others. Bobby calls Peter to tell him where they are, but he loses the agents, only to be captured by them later. Peter and several officers arrive at the Convention Centre, but Eric receives a call from Colonel Ng, who surprises him by asking him to arrest all the American agents. He has confirmation that they are operating without approval. The agents find Alex at his computer where he reports he completed his task. Kelvin shoots him and is about to shoot Bobby when Salina points her gun at Kelvin. As the other agents react, one of them, who was sympathetic towards Salina, stops them. Salina and Bobby leave with the laptop. Eric\'s men cover the exits. Salina and Bobby stay among the exhibits, while rogue agents hunt for them. Bobby tells Peter their location and they rush in to help. Kelvin sees the officers and Peter converging on Bobby\'s hideout. Kelvin and the sniper sneak up on Bobby and Salina, who start to struggle, causing Bobby to be shot by Kelvin, sparking mayhem. Kelvin grabs the laptop and tries to escape. He takes some civilians hostage and forces them to run the software. He shoots a hostage and the police are forced to withdraw. In a fit of rage, Peter rushes Kelvin and is shot. He is able to aim his gun at Kelvin, but hesitates and Kelvin triggers the program\'s deletion process, which reveals a snapshot of Peter and Bobby, a hoax they planted instead of the program. Peter takes a shot at Kelvin, but the gun jams. The closing scenes show Peter with paramedics outside the Convention Centre. The sniper is seen quietly walking away from the crowd. Salina compliments Bobby for his bravery while on the way to the hospital.'] ["Two New Jersey mobsters are almost killed when a deal in Eastern Europe goes wrong. They take refuge with their law-abiding cousin Bobby, who runs a fish and chip shop in Glasgow, Scotland. But when one of the Americans takes a shine to Bobby's girl and the other clashes with local hoodlums, Bobby realises he has to stand up for himself or risk losing everything he loves."] ['The opening credits include the following foreword:  The motion picture you are about to see was adapted from the files of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Wherever possible, it was photographed in the original locale and played by the actual FBI personnel involved.  This is followed by a message from FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover:  The street on which crime flourishes is the street extending across America. It is the street with no name. Organized gangsterism is once again returning. If permitted to go unchecked three out of every four Americans will eventually become its victims. Wherever law and order break down there you will find public indifference. An alert and vigilant America will make for a secure America.  A crime wave, including a holdup at a nightclub that ends in a murder and a bank robbery in which a guard is killed, has hit Center City. A squad of FBI agents headed by inspector George A. Briggs meets with local FBI field officer Richard Atkins, police chief Bernard Harmatz and Police Commissioner Ralph Demory. After Briggs interrogates suspect Robert Danker, who claims he was not involved in either killing and that he has been framed, various tests are run at the FBI laboratory in Washington that exonerate Danker. Later Danker, who has been bailed out by &#34;John Smith,&#34; is found stabbed to death. At the FBI Academy in Quantico, Virginia, Briggs briefs agent Gene Cordell, who is going undercover in Center City to try to infiltrate the gang Briggs thinks is responsible for all three killings. Cordell takes a bus into Center City and rents a room at the same &#34;Skid Row&#34; hotel in which Danker had been living. Fellow agent Cy Gordon is in a similar hotel across the street from him. Using the name George Manly, Cordell makes himself known in the area by going to the local gym and picking a fight with one of the boxers training there. He is spotted by owner Alec Stiles, who offers him cash if he can last against the boxer. He does, and Alec pays him off. Later, in a nearby amusement arcade, Cordell tells Gordon that while he was at the gym, his Social Security card was stolen. As they talk, two policemen approach and arrest Cordell for a break-in at a jewelry store, where his card has been found. The FBI has provided a false record for Cordell, and he is bailed out by John Smith, who turns out to be Stiles. Through the police department, Stiles has acquired a copy of Cordell&#39;s phony FBI record and is impressed enough to invite him to join his organization. Later Cordell meets with Briggs on board a ferry, and his report convinces Briggs that the Stiles gang are their culprits. After Stiles and his henchmen plan a robbery of a local mansion, Stiles has a violent argument with his wife Judy. Cordell alerts Gordon about the robbery and the FBI and police prepare an ambush, but Stiles&#39; informant within the police department tips him off and he cancels the job. Cordell returns to gang headquarters and fires a shot from Stiles&#39; revolver in order to recover the bullet for testing. However, Stiles discovers that his gun has been fired and goes to see his informant, who turns out to be Commissioner Demory, and asks him to have his gun checked for fingerprints. Demory later advises Stiles that his gang has been infiltrated by Cordell. Shivvy and Matty, two of Stiles&#39; henchmen, take Cordell to see Stiles, and Gordon follows them in a taxi. Briggs, who has been observing Stiles and can link him to Demory, then receives a report from Washington that the barrel markings on the bullet fired from Stiles&#39; gun are identical with those on the bullets used in the previous killings. After Gordon tracks Shivvy, Matty and Cordell to a factory, he tells the taxi driver to get word to Briggs as to where he is. Inside the plant, Shivvy discovers and then stabs Gordon. Cordell does not realize he has been found out until Stiles announces he is going to frame him and have Demory&#39;s officers &#34;accidentally&#34; kill him. However, the plan backfires when Briggs and Chief Harmatz arrive with backup and chase Stiles through the factory. Cordell corners Stiles and kills him, and as Briggs arrests Demory, agent Gordon recovers.'] ['{{Plot}} In the last days of December 1999, Los Angeles has become a dangerously volatile war zone. As a group of criminals rob a Chinese restaurant, the event is recorded by a robber wearing a \'SQUID\', or "Superconducting Quantum Interference Device", which records events directly from the wearer\'s cerebral cortex, and when played back through a MiniDisc-like device allow a user to experience the recorder\'s memory as if was his or her own. Lenny Nero  is a former LAPD officer turned black marketeer who deals in bootleg SQUID recordings. His main supplier, Tick , tries to sell the robbery clip to him. Lenny initially refuses, due to the recording ending with the wearer\'s death, but eventually agrees to buy it at a reduced price, intending to edit it. Meanwhile, a call girl named Iris  is being chased by two police officers as she flees to the subway, jumping aboard one of the trains. As the train departs, one of the officers shatters a window and grabs Iris; her wig is pulled off as she struggles, revealing a SQUID recorder headset inside. While Lenny acts smooth with his clients, in private he pines for his ex-girlfriend Faith , while relying on his two best friends, bodyguard Lornette "Mace" Mason  and private investigator Max Peltier , for emotional support. Mace\'s relationship with Lenny is strained, due to her unrequited feelings for him and her disapproval of his SQUID-dealing business. While the three are drinking together at a bar, Iris arrives, drops a disc through the sunroof of Lenny\'s car and attempts to explain her predicament to him, but flees when she sees police nearby. Lenny\'s illegally-parked car is towed away before Lenny can find the disc. Hours later, Lenny receives a "blackjack"  SQUID from an anonymous sender, and watches in horror as Iris gets brutally raped and strangled to death. Disturbed by the recording and Iris\'s warnings about Faith\'s safety, Lenny tries to get Faith away from her new boyfriend, music industry mogul Philo Gant , but to no avail. Lenny later receives more snuff tapes. He and Mace discover that the deaths are tied to a cover-up of the murder of rapper and social commentator Jeriko One  and one of his band mates by two renegade LAPD officers. As they are hunted by the two policemen, Burton Steckler and Dwayne Engelman , Lenny discovers that Iris witnessed  the murders. Lenny, Mace, and Max meet at Tick\'s on New Year\'s Eve, only to discover that Tick has been rendered brain-dead from exposure to highly amplified SQUID recordings. Mace insists that the truth behind Jeriko\'s murder go public, but Max insinuates that if it did, the city would destroy itself from within. Lenny concludes that the assault on Tick was committed by the same person that killed Iris and fears Faith will be next. Lenny and Mace confront Faith about the truth behind Jeriko\'s death. Faith mentions that Philo has been monitoring his inner circle. Concerned that Jeriko might be looking for a new manager, Philo hired Iris to spy on him. Realizing that Philo must have ordered the killer to murder Iris, Lenny convinces Faith to escape with them, but Philo\'s henchmen stop them. As midnight approaches, Lenny and Mace sneak into a private New Year\'s party at the Bonaventure Hotel that Philo is hosting for the city\'s wealthy elite. Lenny gives the disk to Mace so she can deliver it to Deputy Police Commissioner Palmer Strickland . Upon entering Philo\'s penthouse suite, Lenny finds another SQUID disk which shows Faith apparently being raped and killed. Refusing to watch anymore, Lenny finds a body covered in bedsheets and pulls the sheets aside to find Philo, whose brain has been overwhelmed in the same manner as Tick\'s. Lenny watches the remainder of the clip and discovers the killer is Max. He only pretended to kill Faith and it becomes apparent that the two have become lovers. In the clip, Philo enters the room and Max forces him to run the amplified recording. After the clip ends, Max and Faith enter the room. Max disarms Lenny and shoots Philo with Lenny\'s gun, explaining that he set Philo up because he wanted to have Faith killed for what she knew about Jeriko One\'s death, and that he now intends to frame Lenny for Philo\'s murder. As Max is about to shoot Lenny, Faith has a change of heart and attacks Max. In the ensuing fight, Lenny tries to throw Max off the balcony and Max grabs Lenny\'s necktie, leaving both of them dangling from the railing over the street below. Lenny manages to pull Max\'s knife out of his shoulder  and cut his tie off, and Max falls to his death. Outside the hotel, Mace is pursued by Steckler and Engelman. She manages to subdue both of them, cuffing them to a scaffold, only for other nearby police officers to brutally beat her, triggering a riot in the crowd. Commissioner Strickland appears and restores order, having watched the recording of the murders, and orders the two officers arrested. As they are read their rights, Engelman grabs a pistol from one of the officers and commits suicide, and Steckler is gunned down by the police when he tries to shoot Mace. As Lenny and Mace are being treated for their wounds, Faith is arrested for Philo\'s murder. At the stroke of midnight , Lenny and Mace share a passionate kiss.'] ['Unlucky Bernie Lootz  has little going for him: He lives in a dreary studio apartment in a rundown motel on the Las Vegas Strip, he\'s indebted to Shangri-La casino boss Shelly Kaplow , who years earlier cured him of a gambling habit by destroying his kneecap, and he can\'t recall the last time he had physical contact with a woman. His success as a "cooler" is jeopardized when cocktail waitress Natalie Belisario  seemingly takes an interest in him, and his luck&nbsp;— and that of those around him&nbsp;— takes a turn for the better. What Bernie doesn\'t know is that Shelly has paid the woman to seduce him into staying in town. What Shelly doesn\'t know is that Natalie actually has fallen in love with Bernie, and vice versa. Additional complications arise when Shelly, an old-timer who resents the Disneyfication of Vegas, resists the efforts of new Shangri-La advisers, including Ivy League graduate and condescending upstart Larry Sokolov , to update the property and bring it into the 21st century.'] ['Crime lord Christian is in charge of the streets of London, he decides to exterminate a rival gang but leaves a witness in the process. Martha—the witness—is being protected by the police but Christians gang is unstopable. After her near-death experience in the police station; she is moved to another location to meet up with under-cover officers. Upon arrival the alleged under-cover cop is actually impersonating the identity of the officer that he and his accompliced just harvested organs from. In the end when Christian is dying in the hotel room, we learn the main protagonist is actually a mole for Christian and that one of Christians thugs is romantically involved with Martha. Turns out that Martha and her lover Tony hired the organ harvesters who are caught up in the middle, Christian is dead, the good/bad cop is left to die and the organ harvesters and the con couple  leave. After they leave the room the police force enters the room and the commissioner gives a nod signaling them to leave.'] ["The film is about an IPS officer Hari Kalyan Ram who is busy investigating the murders of a news reporter ' and then a well known doctor ' and then discovers that these are the murders done by his conjugal twin Ram Kalyan Ram. The story goes that Ram has a problem with his brain and is unable to control his hyper emotions about few things which makes him a beast at times. He would not even hesitate to kill and does not like anyone being praised or belittling him. In this process, he builds a grudge against his own brother who is good at everything and tries to kill him right during their childhood. Their mother  is unable to tolerate all this and takes it upon herself to change Ram, so she takes him away from Hari to avoid further hatred but then not much change happens in the nature of Ram even after they grow up. Meanwhile, Hari is often chased by Anjali  who poses as a bank employee but in truth she is actually a CBI officer who comes to arrest Hari since she suspects his hand in the killings of a news reporter  and a well known doctor . Apparently, the doctor happens to be the younger brother of the health minister Siva Reddy  and from then on the minister is closely on the heels of the killer. Anjali finally manages to arrest Hari successfully through a plan of hers and soon she realizes her folly when she chances upon his mother and understands the entire story of Hari and Ram. Why does Ram commit the two murders? Does he change his attitude towards his brother? Can Ram get out of the case smoothly? All this forms the rest of the story."] ["Newcastle-born gangster Jack Carter  has lived in London for years in the employ of organised crime bosses Gerald and Sid Fletcher . Jack is sleeping with Gerald's girlfriend Anna  and plans to escape to South America with her. But first he must return to Newcastle and Gateshead to attend the funeral of his brother Frank, who died in a purported drunk driving accident. Not satisfied with the official explanation, Jack investigates for himself. At the funeral, Jack meets with his brother's teenage daughter Doreen  and Frank's mistress Margaret , who is evasive. Jack goes to Newcastle Racecourse seeking an old acquaintance called Albert Swift  for information about his brother's death. Swift evades him, but Jack encounters another old associate, Eric Paice , now employed as a chauffeur, although he will not say for whom. Tailing Eric to the country house of crime boss Cyril Kinnear , Jack bursts in on Kinnear playing poker. He meets a glamorous but drunken woman called Glenda . Having learned little, Jack leaves. Eric warns him against damaging relations between Kinnear and the Fletchers. Back in town, Jack is threatened by henchmen to leave town, but he fights them off, capturing and interrogating one to find out who wants him gone, and is given the name Brumby. Jack knows Cliff Brumby  as a businessman with controlling interests in local seaside amusement arcades. Visiting Brumby's house, Jack discovers the man knows nothing about him; believing he has been set up, he leaves. Next morning, two of Jack's London colleagues arrive, sent by the Fletchers to take him back, but he escapes. Jack meets Margaret to talk about Frank, but Fletcher's men are waiting and pursue him. He is rescued by Glenda driving a sports car, who takes him to meet Brumby at his new rooftop restaurant development atop a multi-storey car park. Brumby identifies Kinnear as Frank's killer, explaining Kinnear is trying to take over his business. He offers Jack £5,000 to kill the crime boss, which he refuses. Jack has sex with Glenda at her flat, where he finds and watches a pornographic film. The participants are Doreen, Glenda, Margaret and Albert Swift. Doreen is forced to have sex with Albert. Overcome with emotion, Jack becomes enraged and half drowns Glenda as she is the bath. She tells him the film was Kinnear's and she thinks Doreen was 'pulled' by Eric. Forcing Glenda into the boot of her car, Jack drives off to find Albert. Jack tracks Albert down in a betting shop. Albert confesses that he told Brumby that Doreen was Frank's daughter. Brumby showed Frank the film to incite him to call the police on Kinnear. Eric and two of his men arranged Frank's death. Information extracted, Jack fatally knifes Albert in the stomach. Jack is attacked by the London gangsters and Eric, who has informed Fletcher of Jack and Anna's affair. Jack shoots one of them dead; Eric and the others escape, pushing the sports car into the river, with Glenda trapped inside. Returning to the car park, Jack finds Brumby, beats him senseless and throws him over the side to his death. He then posts the porn film to the Vice Squad at Scotland Yard in London. Jack abducts Margaret at gunpoint. He telephones Kinnear in the middle of a wild party, telling him he has the film and making a deal to give him Eric in exchange for his silence. Kinnear agrees, sending Eric to an agreed location; however, he simultaneously phones a hitman to dispose of Jack. Jack drives Margaret to the grounds of Kinnear's estate, kills her with a fatal injection and leaves her body there; then he calls the police to raid Kinnear's party. Jack chases Eric along a beach. He forces Eric to drink a full bottle of whisky as he did to Frank, then beats him to death with his shotgun. As Jack is walking along the shoreline, he is shot through the head by the hitman with a sniper rifle."] ["Brooke is a plain but creative and hard-working student at the top fashion school in the nation, who has come a long way from her tough childhood spent going from one foster home to another as an orphan. She has always dreamed of becoming a fashion designer, and is thrilled to finally be on her way. But, when the grandfather she never knew about passes away, her life is suddenly turned upside down. Not only has he left her his estate, but he's left her in charge of the family business, as mob boss to one of the top crime syndicates that has been trying to go legit. If that isn't enough, the handsome new student she's falling for is actually an undercover FBI agent aiming to get dirt on her to bring down the family empire."] ['The unnamed chief protagonist , identified in the closing credits only as XXXX, has established a successful business in London buying, cutting, and selling cocaine. Disliking guns, and considering himself a businessman, he leaves the more violent aspects of the business to his contact Gene . Gene is assisted by fellow gangster Morty ([[George Harris , who had previously spent ten years in prison. Having made his fortune, he plans to retire from the business for good. His plans go awry when his powerful supplier Jimmy Price  sends him to track down Charlie, the teenage daughter of Price\'s associate, Eddie Temple , who has fled a rehabilitation centre with her drug-addicted boyfriend. To help track her down XXXX enlists the help of con men Cody  and Tiptoes . At the same time, Price instructs XXXX to organize the purchase and distribution of one million ecstasy tablets from a brash, low-level gangster named The Duke . Unbeknownst to XXXX, the pills have been stolen from a gang of Serbian war criminals in the Netherlands. Meanwhile, XXXX encounters The Duke\'s idiotic nephew, Sidney  at a bar, and becomes attracted to Sidney\'s bored girlfriend Tammy . XXXX tries to broker the sale of the ecstasy to Liverpudlian gangsters Trevor  and Shanks , but they refuse, informing him of the drugs purloined nature and of the fact that the Serbians have sent a ruthless hitman, Dragan , to find the pills and kill those responsible for their theft. Because The Duke erroneously referenced XXXX\'s name to the Serbians beforehand, he too is now in danger. Members of The Duke\'s gang soon begin turning up dead and The Duke himself goes missing. XXXX arranges a tryst with Tammy but before it can be consummated he is kidnapped by henchmen of Eddie Temple. Temple informs him that Jimmy had lost millions of pounds in a failed investment in Africa and is now hoping to sell the pills to recoup his losses. He demands instead that XXXX sell the pills to him, and plays him a tape indicating that Jimmy has been a long term informant for Scotland Yard and intends to betray XXXX to the police as soon as the deal is done. XXXX shoots and kills Jimmy but foolishly does so with a gun that Gene had used to commit a prior murder. XXXX then discovers that his accountant, whom Jimmy referred to him, has embezzled his money and disappeared. Gene and Morty, after being given evidence of Jimmy\'s snitching, recognize XXXX as the new boss and show him the corpse of The Duke, whom Gene had killed along with Duke\'s girlfriend, Slasher , when the latter threatened to alert the police about the pills. XXXX delivers the severed head of The Duke to Dragan as a peace offering. To recoup something from the fiasco, XXXX arranges a con in which the police appear to raid The Duke\'s hideout and confiscate the drugs, which satisfies Dragan. In reality, the police are Cody and Tiptoes, who return the drugs to XXXX. However, when he attempts to sell them to Eddie Temple, Temple steals the drugs from them at gunpoint and gives XXXX a "welcome to the layer cake" in the form of a membership to the Stoke Park Club of which both he and Jimmy were members. However, suspecting betrayal, XXXX has arranged for Trevor and Shanks to steal the drugs from Temple\'s men. The final scene has the gang assembled for lunch at the Stoke Club, proclaiming XXXX their new boss. However, he demurs, stating his intention to stick to his planned retirement. Leaving the club with Tammy he addresses the audience about his own caution and cleverness before being shot without warning by Sidney. As the film fades out, XXXX is seen bleeding on the steps, his fate left uncertain.'] ['Retired detective Harry Kilmer  is called upon by an old friend, George Tanner . Tanner has been doing business with a yakuza gangster, Tono, who has taken Tanner\'s daughter and her boyfriend hostage to apply pressure in a business deal involving the sale of guns. Tanner hopes that Kilmer can locate and rescue the girl using his Japanese connections. Tanner and Kilmer had been Marine MPs and friends in Tokyo during the post-war occupation. Kilmer had fallen in love with a local woman, Eiko , who was involved in the black market. When her young daughter fell ill, Kilmer helped Eiko find penicillin for the child, saving her life. After they\'d been living with each other, Eiko\'s brother Ken  returned from an island where he\'d been stranded as an Imperial Japanese soldier. Both outraged that his sister was living with his former enemy and deeply indebted to Kilmer for saving the lives of his  only remaining family, he disappeared into the yakuza criminal underground and refused to see or speak to his sister. Kilmer repeatedly asked Eiko to marry him but she consistently refused. Then and since, Eiko has been cautious to do nothing to offend her brother further. As a parting gift, Kilmer bought Eiko the bar  which she operates to this day. They parted, neither of them falling in love or marrying since. Traveling to Tokyo with Tanner\'s bodyguard Dusty , they stay at the home of another old military buddy named Oliver Wheat . Kilmer visits Eiko at her coffeehouse at closing time; seeing her once again, it is clear Kilmer still loves her deeply and again proposes. Asked about Ken, Eiko says that Ken is no longer a yakuza. Eiko tells Kilmer that her brother can be found at his kendo school. Ken\'s debt to Kilmer, giri, is a lifelong debt that traditionally can never be repaid. Ken would, Tanner insists, do anything for Kilmer. Traveling to Kyoto, Kilmer visits him at his Kendo school. Ken\'s animosity towards Kilmer is clear, but together they find and free the girl and her beau. In so doing, Ken "takes up the sword" once again, injures one of Tono\'s men, and is discovered by one of the gangster\'s lieutenants. This is an inexcusable intrusion by Ken in yakuza affairs. Contracts on both Ken and Kilmer\'s lives are issued. Kilmer resists leaving until the danger to Ken can be resolved. Eiko suggests that he talk to Ken\'s brother, a high level legal counselor to the yakuza chiefs whom Kilmer hadn\'t known about. Goro  is unable to intercede due to his impartial role in yakuza society, but suggests that Ken can remove the death threat by killing Tono with a sword. The only alternative is for Kilmer to kill Tono. Guilt-ridden that once again he\'s interfered with Eiko\'s family and also endangered Ken, Kilmer stays in Tokyo. After a failed attempt on Kilmer\'s life in a bath house, he learns that his old friend Tanner has taken out the contract on him. Despite appearances, Tanner and Tono are well-acquainted and successful business partners. During an attack on Ken and Kilmer in Oliver Wheat\'s house, Dusty is killed with a sword and Eiko\'s daughter, Hanako, is shot and killed. Both men are crushed by the tragic loss of Hanako. Seeking advice again from Ken\'s brother, Goro advises them that they have no choice but to assassinate Tanner and Tono. This will embarrass the partners in the eyes of the yakuza and restore Ken\'s honor. Goro discloses that he has a "wayward son" who has joined Tono\'s clan and asks that Ken spare him should he be caught in the battle. The son has a distinctive spider tattoo on his head. Ken vows that the son will not be harmed. In private, Goro then discloses a shocking family secret to Kilmer: Eiko is not Ken\'s sister, she is his wife, and Hanako was their only child. Hearing this, Kilmer realizes the true meaning of Eiko and Ken\'s rift, and Ken\'s anguish at the death of Hanako, all brought about by his presence in their lives. Kilmer finds and kills Tanner, then joins Ken for a near-suicidal attack on Tono\'s residence. During a tense, prolonged battle, in which Ken kills Tono in the traditional way with a katana, Goro\'s son attacks them and Ken is forced to kill him in self-defense. Bearing the news to his brother, Ken moves to commit Seppuku, but his brother forbids it. Instead, Ken performs yubitsume . After Ken excuses himself, Goro talks with Kilmer, and compliments him on his adherence to Japanese traditions, surprising for a gaijin. As Kilmer is riding in a taxi to the airport to leave Japan, he is visibly troubled and decides to go back and visit Ken one last time and asks to speak to him formally. While Ken prepares tea, Kilmer quietly commits yubitsume, and when Ken enters the room, waits for him to be seated. Sliding the folded handkerchief that contains his finger to Ken, he says "please accept this token of my apology," exactly the same words that Ken used when he presented his finger to Goro. Then, Kilmer apologizes for "bringing great pain into your life, both in the past and in the present." He humbly requests that "if you can forgive me, then you can forgive Eiko." Accepting the apology, Ken professes that "no man has a greater friend than Kilmer-san," and Kilmer reciprocates. Parting at the airport, both men bow deeply to each other.'] ['"A cruel twist of fate catapults small time crook Mickey Skinner into the big league, as head of a brutal London gang, poised on the brink of a lucrative human traficking deal."http://www.thebigiam-movie.com/synopsis.html Official website film synopsis{{dead link}}'] ['Jim Davis  is an ex-Army Ranger who suffers from Post-traumatic Stress Disorder. Jim has a Mexican girlfriend, Marta , whom he is determined to marry, and bring into the United States to start a life together. With this in mind, Jim returns to Los Angeles. In L.A. he meets up with his best friend Mike Alonzo ([[Freddy Rodriguez . Mike\'s longtime girlfriend, Sylvia , a young attorney, is on the warpath over his failure to get a job  and she encourages Jim to help Mike hand out resumes. After being denied a position in the Los Angeles Police Department for failing the psychological profile, Jim gets drunk with Mike, forgetting all about the resumes. The two go to visit Jim\'s ex-girlfriend, hoping for sex, but when her current boyfriend shows up, a fight ensues in which the boyfriend is backed up by a group of friends. Jim is able to get the upper hand and when Mike produces a gun, they subdue the men and rob them of their possessions, including marijuana and a handgun which they later decide to sell. Jim later leaves messages on Mike\'s answering machine with several different voices, pretending to be companies responding to his resume. The next day, when Jim goes to visit Mike, he finds Sylvia in a surprisingly good mood due to the callbacks. Jim and Mike end up wasting the day again, getting a friend of theirs to leave another message on Mike\'s answering machine. They then go to a Mexican bar to try to sell the gun, but leave after their potential buyer is stabbed in the neck and killed. Mike is horrified, but Jim is strangely excited by witnessing death again. When Mike returns home drunk, Sylvia is furious, so Mike plays back the answering machine, unaware that his friend didn\'t hang up early enough and his voice is heard on the tape. Sylvia is enraged and throws Mike out of the house. He goes and stays at Jim\'s place. Jim gets shortlisted for a position with Homeland Security, and after cheating on a urine test, it appears that he is going to be given a position. Jim manages to pass the urinalysis test, but subsequently fails a polygraph test due to a question about his drug use. The only hope left for him is a government agent working out of Colombia, who appreciates Jim\'s ability to "get things done"; Jim eventually accepts the position but is warned that he must not get married to a foreigner; his security clearance might be revoked. Meanwhile, Mike gets a job when a company he applies at is now managed by an old friend. Jim goes to visit Marta along with Mike and another one of their friends, but before they leave, Mike goes to visit Sylvia and tells her that he has a job for real. She calms down and the two make love. Impatient, Jim goes inside and tells Sylvia that Mike is coming to Mexico with him for the weekend, as it is their last chance to hang out. Sylvia is angry and very much against the idea, and so Jim yells at both her and Mike. Mike decides to go with Jim to Mexico. The trio arrive in Mexico, where they spend a relaxing night and morning the next day, preparing for a big party that night. At the party, Marta reveals that she is pregnant, and Jim responds violently, threatening to punch her in the stomach and shoot her in the head; in the end, this is a result of Jim\'s severe PTSD. On the way back, Jim reveals that he is transporting 20&nbsp;kg of marijuana, much to Mike\'s chagrin. When Mike protests, Jim pulls a gun on him before breaking down in tears, horrified at what he is becoming. Mike, filled with pity for his friend, agrees to accompany Jim to the deal after all. When they arrive to sell the drugs, they realize one of the buyers was the same man they had earlier robbed and beaten, the boyfriend of Jim\'s old flame. Hostility ensues with both Jim and the other gang members pulling out guns, resulting in the other man\'s death. The other members of the buying party present plead for their lives, but Jim kills them while suffering flashbacks due to Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. While escaping in the car, a man from inside the house steps out and shoots at the car with a semi-automatic shotgun; Jim is hit in the back and the side of his face, and consequently paralyzed. He urges Mike to "step up" and shoot him, ending his suffering. After some hesitation, Mike kills Jim, and the film ends with him returning to Sylvia, who was in the process of packing to leave. They embrace as Mike breaks down over everything.'] ['Kim Sun-woo  is a high ranking mobster and enforcer for Kang , a cold and calculating crime boss to whom he is unquestionably loyal. The two share concerns over business tensions with Baek Jr. , a son from a rival family, which is when Kang assigns Sun-Woo what is perceived to be a simple errand while he is away on a business trip — to shadow his young mistress, Heesoo , whom he fears is having an "affair" with another man, giving Sun-Woo the mandate to kill her  if he manages to discover it. As he performs his duty — following Heesoo, and escorting her to a music recital one day — he becomes quietly enthralled by the girl\'s beauty and innocence as glimpses into his lonely, empty personal life become more prevalent. When he does come to discover Heesoo\'s lover directly in her home, he fiercely beats him and prepares to inform Kang, but his attraction for her causes him to hesitate. He thus spares the two on the condition that they no longer see each other again, earning him Heesoo\'s enmity. Meanwhile, Sun-woo continues to be embroiled in personal business with Baek Jr. over having beaten up several of his henchmen earlier for overstaying their welcome at the hotel. He is then threatened by one of his enforcers to apologize, but he adamantly refuses, fueled by his frustrations over Heesoo. As he relaxes in his apartment later one night, he is suddenly kidnapped by Baek\'s men to be tortured, but before they can do so they receive new orders via phone call and he is abruptly carried off to Kang, who has returned from overseas and has found out about his attempted cover-up of Heesoo\'s affair. Kang\'s men torture him into confessing why he lied until he is left alone to think about his answer. A daring but messy escape follows, after which Sun-woo plans his revenge. Help from one of Sun-woo\'s loyal men provides him with money and new clothes to go about his plan: he secretly delivers Heesoo a gift to make amends and sets up a meeting with some local arms dealers, but as they are affiliated with Kang\'s organization he ends up killing them over a deal to buy a handgun — this incurs a vendetta with the brother of one of the dealers, who promptly sets out to find Sun-woo. He then goes on to set up a veiled rendezvous with Baek Jr. and kills him after a brief conversation, but he is viciously stabbed in the process. Bleeding, his violent shooting spree leads directly to Kang amidst one of his business meetings, where he vents bitterly over how badly he has been treated despite his seven years of service. Kang does not answer, and instead asks if Sun-woo\'s actions were directly because of Heesoo. Sun-woo then shoots him, prompting a shootout with Baek Jr.\'s henchmen, who had quickly picked up his trail. Sun-Woo emerges as the only survivor of the battle with the arms dealer\'s brother finally catching up to him in the same room. Now dying from multiple gunshot wounds, he calls Heesoo and pauses to reminisce on his only day with her, when he had escorted her to her music recital; in his memory, as he watches her play her cello, he finds himself overwhelmed with emotion and, in a rare moment of contentment, he smiles. As he sheds a tear over this memory, the brother of the arms dealer executes him. The film ends with a continuation of an earlier scene of Sun-Woo looking out of a window at the city below him. After making sure he\'s alone, he begins to shadowbox his reflection in the glass, looking very happy.'] ['Corky , an ex-con who has just finished a five-year jail sentence, arrives at an apartment building to start work as a painter and plumber. On her way up to the apartment, she encounters the couple who live next-door, Violet  and Caesar . After Caesar has gone out, Violet flirts with Corky and asks her to help retrieve an earring that has fallen down her sink. After Corky extracts the earring, Violet admits she lost it on purpose in order to get closer to Corky, and starts to seduce her. They are interrupted by the arrival of Caesar and Corky goes back to work. When she leaves for the day, Violet follows her to her truck. They go to Corky\'s apartment and have sex. The next morning, Violet tells Corky that Caesar is a money launderer for the Mafia and they have been together for five years. Later, Violet overhears Caesar and his Mafia associates beating and torturing Shelly , a man who has been skimming money from the business. Upset by the violence and cruelty, Violet seeks solace from Corky. She tells Corky that she wants to make a new life for herself, but that she needs her help. Knowing that Caesar will find the nearly $2 million Shelly took and count it in their apartment, the two women hatch a scheme to steal the money. Corky, already wary of Violet\'s intentions, is unsure whether to trust her. Shelly is shot and killed by Johnnie , the son of Mafia boss Gino Marzonne , and Caesar returns to the apartment with a bag of bloody money. Angry at Johnnie for killing Shelly in a fit of rage and splattering blood everywhere, Caesar proceeds to wash, iron and hang the money to dry. Violet explains to Corky that Caesar and Johnnie hate each other, and that Gino and Johnnie will be coming to pick up the money from Caesar. The plan is as follows: When Caesar has finished counting the money, Violet will get him a drink to relax him before he showers. Corky will be next-door, waiting until she hears Caesar turn on the shower. When he does, Violet will drop the bottle of Scotch that is for Gino and tell Caesar that she is going to buy more. As she leaves the apartment, she will let Corky in, who will steal the money from a briefcase and leave. Violet will then return with the Scotch and tell Caesar that she just saw Johnnie leaving, but that Gino was not with him. Suspicious, Caesar will check the briefcase, find the money gone, and assume Johnnie has taken it. Corky and Violet think Caesar will be forced to skip town because Gino will assume he has been robbed by Caesar, not his son. Everything goes as planned until Caesar finds the money gone. He realizes that if he runs, Gino will think he took the money. He decides he has to get the money back from Johnnie. Panicking, Violet threatens to leave. Caesar pulls out his gun and forces her to stay, thinking that maybe she and Johnnie have stolen the money and framed him. Corky waits next-door with the money while Gino and Johnnie arrive. After watching Johnnie flirt with Violet and taunt him, Caesar pulls out a gun and tells Gino that his son stole the money. In an angry panic, he kills them both. He tells Violet that they have to find the money, dispose of the bodies, and pretend Gino and Johnnie never arrived, lest their Mafia pals find the money or men missing. Unable to find the money at Johnnie\'s apartment, Caesar telephones Mickey , a Mafia friend, telling him that Gino has yet to arrive. After discovering Corky and Violet stole the money, Caesar ties them up, gags them, threatens to torture them, and demands to know where it is. When Mickey arrives to see what is going on, Caesar tells him Gino was in a car accident and Mickey leaves for the hospital. Corky tells Caesar where she has hidden the money, and he goes next-door to find it. Violet escapes and makes a phone call to Mickey, telling him that Caesar stole the money and forced her to keep quiet. In the meantime, Corky tries to stop Caesar from taking the money, but he beats her to the ground. Just as he is about to kill her, Violet arrives and pulls a gun on Caesar, telling him that Mickey is on his way and that he should run while he can. Caesar tells Violet that he knows she will not shoot him, to which she replies, "Caesar, you don\'t know shit", before killing him. Later, Mickey, who believes Violet\'s story, tells her that he will find Caesar, and that there is no need to involve the police. Mickey wants Violet to be his girlfriend, but she tells him that she needs a clean break—which she makes by driving off hand-in-hand with Corky.'] ["FBI agent Kevin Cole goes undercover as Jimmy Vaughn, an organized crime enforcer. When he's ordered to undertake the week-long torture of accountant Archie Green, Kevin begins to question his role in government service, where often he must hurt or end another human being's life just to make a bust."] ['The criminal mastermind Erwin "Doc" Riedenschneider is out of prison. Doc has a keen eye for detail, not to mention an eye for a pretty girl. He has been planning a “caper” – a jewel heist, outlined by a fellow inmate when they were “behind the walls” for the previous seven years. In an unnamed Midwest city, Doc goes to the betting parlor of a mid-level bookie called "Cobby." He requests to be put in touch with Alonzo Emmerich, a crooked lawyer. It is his understanding that Emmerich is the kind of man who can be approached with such operations and has the money to finance them. Emmerich attentively listens. Doc says he will need $50,000 to hire a team of men to carry out the burglary. Emmerich agrees on the condition that he  should receive the jewels directly, pay off Doc, then be responsible for the disposal of the gems. Emmerich would therefore need to come up with an immediate $500,000 in cash to pay off Doc. Doc\'s hand-picked gang consists of Dix Handley, a hooligan from Kentucky who will provide the necessary muscle; Gus Minissi, a hunchbacked diner owner who is hired as the getaway driver, and Louie Ciavelli, a professional safecracker. Cobby will act as the go-between. Dix explains his ultimate goal to Doll Conovan, who is clearly in love with him. He sees the heist as a means to finance his dream of buying back the horse farm that his family lost during the Great Depression. During the meticulously planned crime , the criminals confidently carry out their work in a calm manner. Ciavelli pounds through a brick wall, breaks into the jewelry store, deactivates the door\'s alarm and lets in the other thieves, then heads to the main safe. With care, he slides flat on his back under the electric-eye system, picks the gate\'s lock, drills holes into the safe\'s door, gingerly opens a corked bottle of nitroglycerin  and sets off a charge on the safe. Unfortunately for the crooks, the explosion sets off the alarms of several nearby businesses and brings the police to the scene more quickly than expected. A second unexpected mishap occurs when a security guard drops his gun after being struck by Dix, causing the gun to discharge and wound Ciavelli. The men get away and a police manhunt begins. Under increasing pressure from his commanding officer, a corrupt cop named Ditrich beats Cobby into confessing and fingering the other crooks involved. Emmerich, meanwhile, double-crosses Doc and the thieves. He is broke and needs the money, not only for himself but to satisfy the expensive tastes of his young, gorgeous mistress, Angela Phinlay, who calls him "Uncle Lon." A tough private detective named Bob Brannom is willing to back Emmerich\'s betrayal for a 50-50 split. Doc had heard Emmerich was having financial difficulties and foresaw this possibility, which is why he brought Dix to the payoff. Dix is able to kill Brannom, but not without being seriously wounded himself. The cops put the squeeze on the gang. Cobby is jailed and so is Gus, who can\'t wait to get his hands on the snitch. Ciavelli dies at home from his gunshot wound. Doc and Dix are on the run. Emmerich is in his hideaway with his mistress, who is making big plans. The police arrive and force Angela, his alibi, to recant her previous story and tell the truth. Emmerich is caught red-handed. He asks for a moment to make a phone call, pulls a gun from his desk and shoots himself. That leaves only Doc and Dix, who go their separate ways. Doc asks a taxi driver to drive him out of the city. Dix, in desperate need of medical attention, takes off in his own car with Doll going along. At a roadhouse having a bite to eat, Doc gives jukebox money to a pretty girl and lingers to watch her dance. The delay costs him dearly when two police officers recognize Doc as they peer into the diner and take him into custody as he departs. After narrowly escaping from a doctor who phoned the police, Dix makes it all the way to the gates of his beloved Kentucky horse farm. But he stumbles into the pasture, collapses and dies on the grassy plains of his home, surrounded by horses.'] ["Frank Falenczyk  is a hit man for his Polish mob family in Buffalo, New York. He has a drinking problem, and when he messes up a critical assignment that puts the family business in peril, his uncle Roman Krzeminski , head of the family, sends him to San Francisco to clean up his act. He is forced to accept a job at a mortuary, and go to Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, where he confesses his job, explaining that he wants to be free of his drinking problem because it's affecting his ability to kill effectively. He falls in love with Laurel Pearson , a quirky client he meets at the funeral home. Meanwhile, an upstart Irish mob threatens the family snow-plowing business. When violence erupts, Frank returns home to face the old rivals on new terms. With assistance from Laurel, he manages to suppress his family's adversaries, killing the mob's leader and disbanding the Irish posse."] ['Frankie Madison  and Noll "Dink" Turner  are rum-running partners during Prohibition. They get into a shootout with some would-be hijackers after their liquor, attracting the attention of the police. The two men split up, but not before making a bargain that if one is caught, he will still get an equal share when he gets out of jail. Frankie is sent to prison for 14 years. When he is finally set free, he goes to see Noll. In the interim, Noll has built up a swanky nightclub. When the impatient Frankie shows up there, Noll stalls, sending him to dinner with his singer girlfriend Kay Lawrence . Noll instructs Kay to find out what Frankie is after. He learns that Frankie expects him to honor their old bargain. He tells his old partner that the deal only applied to their old nightclub, which shut down years ago. Dave , the only member of the old gang Frankie trusted, had him sign legal papers to that effect some time ago. Frankie\'s share by Noll\'s reckoning is less than $3000. Furious, Frankie slugs Noll and leaves to recruit men to take what he figures he is owed. However, Noll had Dave tie up ownership of the nightclub between several corporations, with bylaws that make it impossible for him to hand over anything. Furthermore, the men supposedly backing Frankie actually work for Noll. Frankie is beaten up and left in the alley. Meanwhile, Noll informs Kay that he intends to marry wealthy socialite Alexis Richardson , explaining that he is doing so to ensure the success of the nightclub with which he has become increasingly obsessed. He sees no reason they cannot continue their relationship. Repulsed by the idea and strongly attracted to Frankie, Kay quits and, overcoming Frankie\'s suspicions, joins his side. Dave, aghast at how Frankie has been treated, tells him that he is willing to pass along what he knows, which is enough to bring Noll down. However, he foolishly tells Noll what he intends to do, and is killed by Noll\'s henchman. The murder is pinned on Frankie. Evading a police manhunt, Frankie and Kay go to Noll\'s mansion. Though Noll is waiting with a loaded gun, Frankie manages to take it away from him. The three drive to the nightclub. By threatening Noll, Frankie extracts a written confession from him, which he gives to the police when they show up. Noll is taken away, but gets free and goes gunning for Frankie. He is shot dead by a policeman.'] ['At the beginning of the film, Vinny Minieri  and his two men are beating a man. It finishes with Vinny burning man\'s face with a cigarette. Two brothers, Angelo Argono  and Paulie Argono  are leading poor and boring life on the streets of Brooklyn, New York City, along with their childhood friends Pete  and Dominic "Dom" . Brooklyn is owned by a mob boss Santo Minieri , old but ruthless crime boss. Brothers are working in a local restaurant belonging to Mr. Letto  as waiters. Although they can\'t stand their boss, they must work there. All changes when Angelo decides to quit his job. He, Paulie, Pete and Dom borrow cash from a loan shark Hector and start bookie business, although their Uncle Tommy  doesn\'t like the idea. Business goes well and more and more money goes in Angelo\'s crew\'s pockets, from losing customers. Soon they were able to sit in luxury strip club  and drink expensive drinks. Problem appears when Angelo fights Minieri\'s men. They are soon thrown out by spoiled Vinny and his guys. The crew then starts collecting more and more money, and hotheaded Angelo comes to idea of racketeering. They set protection racket in a candy store, but when they come to collect the cash, they are confronted by Vinny who takes him to his father\'s home. Santo tells Angelo to give him one good reason not to tell his bodyguard Eddie  to take him out and beat him to death. Angelo explains that they\'re just trying to earn money and it would be good if they work with Santo. Santo takes the offer. After saving Vinny\'s life and doing some errands and jobs for Santo, Angelo is now right-hand-man of crime boss. Vinny doesn\'t like this and prepares to kill Angelo\'s gang and his father to be the neighborhood boss. Santo soon has a heart attack and dies, and Vinny understands that that is a perfect chance to kill wannabes and become the crime boss. He ambushes Angelo, Pete and Dom  with his men and kills them in a drive-by shooting. When Paulie returns, he sees what happened and has a flashback of his childhood, while crying. Suddenly he stops crying and goes to Vinny\'s house. There he finally kills Vinny and his two bodyguards, saying "And you\'re the fucking wannabes". Film here ends.'] ["Sveta  and Dina  are two half-sisters. Dina is spoiled and lives with her mother Natalia  and father Alik , who is a mid-ranking gangster, while Sveta lives with her grandma  in a more humble existence and wishes to be a sniper in the Russian Army. Upon Alik's release from prison after doing some time for a robbery, some of his old associates demand him to pay them back some money he allegedly owes. When he refuses, they attempt to kidnap the two girls to try to intimidate him to give them the money. However they manage to escape, and go on the run from the mob through semi-rural Russia while their father attempts to sort affairs with the other gangsters."] ["In a flashforward, Jack Harris foresees several million dollars in a duffel bag. He foresees being on his way to meet Russian mobsters. Then they kidnap a child. Wayne Beering and Buck Dolby are best friends renting together in 1997 Los Angeles. Wayne complains to Buck and resorts to a brawl on the floor. Jack and his wife Diana live in Houston. Jack to flies to LA for a few weeks to earn money co-managing a nightclub. Wayne creates an online credit card verification website which uses an algorithm programmed by his flatmate, Buck. The website ends up earning thousands of dollars in a matter of days. Jack makes the LA nightclub into a success. Jack and Buck join forces to make money. They are faced with the angry Russian mobsters and kill one of them. Diana learns about Jack's business. Jack showers his family back in Houston with riches. FBI agents investigate Jack. Jack helps them catch 100 Afghan terrorists."] ['In a high-school game of "Killer", Matt Arnold has to "kill" classmate Jenny Herk, and decides to sneak up on her at home. By coincidence, hitmen are also there to kill Arthur Herk, who has secretly embezzled money from his company, Penultra Corp. When the fake assassination attempt crosses paths with the real one, police officers Monica Romero and Walter Kramitz are called out to the resulting disturbance. During the chaos of the assassination attempts, Matt\'s friend, Andrew, called Eliot Arnold, Matt\'s father. Upon arriving to pick up Matt from the Herk\'s, Eliot immediately feels a mutual attraction to Anne Herk, Jenny\'s mother, as Matt and Jenny begin to feel attracted to each other as well. The Herk\'s housemaid, Nina, meanwhile, falls in love with a young homeless man named Puggy, who lives in a tree on their property, after she runs from the shootings and he saves her from the hitmen. Realizing that he is the intended victim, Arthur visits arms dealers to buy a rocket but is sold a suitcase nuclear bomb because the dealer claims to be out of rockets and doesn\'t tell him that it is a nuclear weapon. Escaped convicts Snake and Eddie, who were previously kicked out of the bar for disorderly conduct, hold up the bar and kidnap Arthur and Puggy  and take the suitcase, not knowing its contents. Meanwhile, Matt tries to "kill" Jenny in a mall parking lot, but a security guard thinks that Matt\'s gun is real and opens fire on them. Matt and Jenny run away and eventually return to the Herk house, followed by Monica and Walter, who stumble across the confusion. Eliot is called over once again. The convicts force Arthur to return to his home, where they capture everyone and tie them up. Taking Puggy and kidnapping Jenny, they leave  for the Airport. Nina, who was hiding in her room, frees everyone except for Monica and Arthur . Shortly after, the house is visited by two FBI agents who are tracking the bomb. They free Monica and have her lead them to the airport . The criminals pass through security with Puggy and Jenny, where the bomb is inadvertently triggered and its 45-minute timer begins; Puggy manages to escape in the confusion of boarding the plane. The FBI agents tell everyone that unless the bomb is retrieved soon, the plane must be shot down. Puggy leads the group to the criminals\' plane, which Eliot sneaks onto. Meanwhile, the two hitmen get out of the traffic jam  and reach the airport. They bump into Officer Romero, and Special Agents Greer and Seitz, knocking the hitmen\'s Remington sniper rifle out of their golf bag in the process. Romero grabs the rifle, removes its bolt , and returns it. Eliot, having sneaked onto the plane, attacks the criminals by knocking Eddie out with a fire extinguisher and blasting the extinguisher at Snake. On hearing the case is a bomb, Eliot hurls it out of the still open rear door, only for Snake to leap after it. In a memorable feat of dumb luck, Snake manages to cling onto the door\'s steps. Despite Eliot\'s insistence that the case is a bomb, Snake opens fire on him which prompts Eliot to pull the emergency lever which decouples the door. Snake plunges into the ocean with a defiant smile, still clinging to the bomb, which explodes safely in the water. Eliot is congratulated by the FBI, promised he will receive presidential cowboy boots and a hat, and told the events that took place are strictly top secret. The last scene reveals what happens to the main characters: after chasing down a plane, subduing two criminals, and saving Miami from a nuclear disaster, Eliot finally won Matt\'s respect. Anne and Eliot get married a week after Anne gets divorced from Arthur. Walter, after a forced strip search by the airport guards, becomes a male stripper and marries. The two hitmen manage to escape Miami after a series of very weird events. They claim their Miami job was the lowest point in their careers. They were surrounded by the fans of Florida Gators on their plane home . Eddie goes back to jail in a prison outside of Jacksonville, but becomes friends with another dimwitted inmate who shares the same affinity for crude jokes as Eddie does. Arthur is last seen still handcuffed and tormented by his dog.'] ['LL Cool J stars as Jason St. Julian, a talented yet troubled DJ with a gambling problem. As St. Julian is sleeping, Crash  & Nut  break into his apartment to collect a debt, since St. Julian doesn\'t have the money, he gets a week to repay it. One night while DJing an underground party, St. Julian runs into Danny Simon  & his girlfriend Monica , Simon tries to convince St. Julian to DJ at his club, but he refuses to do so because of Simon was responsible for sending St. Julian to jail. Moments later, the party is broken up by the police and St. Juilian is arrested for his part. While being interrogated, St. Julian meets Marcus Caldwell , a crooked cop, who blackmails him into DJing for Simon. While at Simon\'s club, St. Julian begins to flirt with Monica, Simon sees this, he threatens Jason harm if he so much as breathes on her. St. Julian & Monica, now a couple devise a plan by stealing $400,000 from Simon by making it look like a robbery, While holding onto the money, St. Julian meets Monica at a motel, they celebrate by drinking champagne and throwing the money in the air & making love. As St. Julian is sleeping, Monica takes the money and flies off to Cancun. Caldwell goes to St. Julian\'s room and berates him for letting Monica take the money as she went to the police and told what actually happened. Caldwell tells Jason to get the money back or else. As St. Julian tries to find Monica, Simon kills Monica\'s sister & while St. Julian goes to his apartment, Simon\'s goons follow him there, while getting info about Monica, Jason\'s friend Frank  offers to go to Jason\'s apartment to get the "stash". While in the apartment, Simon\'s goons returns there and finds Frank hiding. Frank is asked where St. Julian is but Frank refuses to say and he gets severely beaten & ends up in the hospital. St. Julian finds Monica in Cancun, he follows her to her hotel room and proceeds to take back the money while she\'s taking a shower. When she gets out, St. Julian stands before her holding the money, Monica pulls out her gun in an attempt to kill St. Julian, but he\'s taken the bullets out. Left with no other options, Monica throws herself at Julian but this does not work. St. Julian prepares to leave and he lets Monica know that Simon killed her sister. As Danny and his associate Shorty proceed to go to Simon\'s office, They find St. Julian in there and demand why he\'s there. Shory pulls out his gun but Jason reminds him that if he\'s killed, then he\'ll never know where his money is. While this discussion is going on, Caldwell comes in & he feels entitled to the money, apparently Caldwell has been paid a percentage of all the drugs that goes into the club but he wants a bigger cut. Later, a shootout takes place with Simon and his associate being killed, Caldwell, wounded, forces Jason to walk back to the club at gunpoint. Being in the club, a video is played showing Caldwell killing Simon and his associate & is promptly arrested. During the last scene, Jason has paid off his debt & Crash & Nut tell him that the only reason they done what they did to him was "just business", Nut tells Jason that "playoffs are starting" but Jason declines the offer and Crash tells him to be careful as others are going to wonder where he got so much money. Nut & Jason have an exchange where Jason exacts revenge for all the pain Nut has caused him. While talking to Quincy , Jason tells him that he\'s going back to New York, Quincy tells him to be careful and wishes him well in the future. Jason drives to New York and that ends the movie.'] ['Michael Sullivan, Sr.  is an enforcer for Rock Island Irish mob boss John Rooney , during the Great Depression. Rooney raised the orphan Sullivan and loves him more than his own biological son, the unstable Connor . Connor snaps and kills disgruntled associate Finn McGovern when meeting him with Sullivan, resulting in Sullivan gunning down McGovern\'s men. Sullivan\'s twelve-year-old son Michael Sullivan Jr.  had hidden in his father\'s car and witnesses the event. Despite Sullivan swearing his son\'s secrecy and Rooney demanding Connor\'s apology for the reckless action, the nervous Connor suspects witnesses and acts. He murders Sullivan\'s wife Annie and younger son Peter, mistaking him for young Michael, while sending Sullivan to an ambush at a speakeasy. However Sullivan escapes to Chicago with his son to seek Al Capone, for work and for Connor\'s location, who is in hiding. Sullivan is rejected when asking Capone\'s associate Frank Nitti  and Rooney is aware of the meeting. He reluctantly allows Nitti to dispatch crime scene photographer and assassin Harlen Maguire , who likes to photograph his victims, to kill Sullivan. Maguire tracks him and Michael to a roadside diner, but fails to kill Sullivan, who realizes and cripples Maguire’s car tire before escaping. In response, Sullivan begins robbing banks that hold Capone and Rooney’s laundered money, hoping to trade it for Connor, while teaching Michael to drive as the getaway. He is impeded when the account money is withdrawn by the mob, so he visits Rooney\'s accountant Alexander Rance at his hotel for information. However, it is a set up as Rance stalls him until Maguire enters, but Michael warns his father with the car horn and Rance is killed in the ensuing crossfire. Maguire is injured when a bullet shatters glass on his face and Sullivan escapes with ledgers, but as he flees, Maguire shoots him in the arm. Michael drives his father to a farm where a childless elderly couple helps Sullivan to recover. Sullivan bonds with his son and discovers from the ledgers that Connor has been embezzling from his father for years, using the names of dead gang members. As the Sullivans depart, they give the couple much of the stolen money. Sullivan then confronts Rooney with the information while he attends Mass. While Rooney already knew about the embezzlement and that it must end with Connor\'s death, he refuses to be the one to give up his son. One night, cloaked by darkness and rain, Sullivan dispatches Rooney\'s entire entourage with his Thompson submachine gun and as he walks up to Rooney himself, Rooney mutters he is glad it is Sullivan, while an emotional Sullivan pulls the trigger, killing him. Seeing no further reason to protect Connor, Nitti reveals his location to Sullivan, making him promise that this will end. Sullivan goes to the hotel where Connor is hiding and kills him. Sullivan then drives Michael to stay at his Aunt Sara\'s beach house in Perdition, a town on the shore of Lake Michigan. However he is ambushed and shot by a disfigured Maguire. As Maguire prepares to photograph the dying Sullivan, Michael appears and points a gun but cannot bring himself to fire. Sullivan then draws a gun and kills Maguire, before dying in his son\'s arms. Mourning his father\'s death, Michael finds his way back to the elderly farm couple to live with them. He states growing up that his father\'s only fear was his son would be like him, and that if asked whether Sullivan was a good man, he would simply reply: "He was my father."'] ["{{Plot|dateMexico storylineWakefield storylineAyala/DEA storyline A third story is set in San Diego, where an undercover DEA investigation led by Montel Gordon  and Ray Castro  leads to the arrest of Eduardo Ruiz , a high-stakes dealer posing as a fisherman. Ruiz decides to take the dangerous road to immunity by giving up his boss: drug lord Carlos Ayala , the biggest distributor for the Obregón brothers in the United States. Ayala is indicted by a tough prosecutor, hand-selected by Robert to send a message to the Mexican drug organizations. As the trial against Carlos Ayala begins, his pregnant wife Helena  learns of her husband's true profession. Facing the prospect of life imprisonment for her husband and death threats against her only child, Helena decides to hire Flores to assassinate Eduardo Ruiz; she knows killing Ruiz will effectively end the trial nolle prosequi. Flores plants a car bomb on a DEA car in an assassination attempt against Ruiz. Shortly after planting the bomb, Flores is assassinated by a sniper in retaliation for his co-operation with General Salazar; the car bomb kills Castro, but Gordon and Ruiz survive. Helena, knowing Ruiz is soon scheduled to testify, makes a deal with Juan Obregón , lord of the drug cartel, who forgives the debt of the Ayala family and has Ruiz poisoned. Ayala is released, much to the dissatisfaction of Gordon, who is still angry over the death of his partner. Soon after the release, Gordon bursts into the Ayala home and surreptitiously plants a listening bug under his desk and leaves."] ['Walter Weed is an unassuming desk jockey at the FBI when the Bureau uncovers a plot to assassinate him. Mysterious Hal Leuco has hired several assassins to take out Weed on April 19 at exactly 3:00am. These include Ariella Martinez, a femme fatale who kills her victims with exotic poisons; Finbar McTeague who is also known as "The Surgeon", who brutally tortures his victims; the Southern Tremor family consisting of father Fritz and children; Lester, Kaitlyn, Baby Boy, and finally Lazlo Soot who is a master of disguise assassin. An FBI unit, led by Special Agent Zane Baker secures Weed in a Chicago lounge called the: "Little Jazz After Hours Club." The bar, run by Special Agent Malcolm Little has a bunker deep below it and several lines of defense stand between the assassins and Weed, locked down inside of it with Baker and Agents Nicholas and Redstone. On the surface, Agent Dominic Dumare, Little, Abrego, Salerno, and an entire unit of FBI agents act as patrons or staff at the bar. The assassins enter the city in separate manners, all ready to meet the 3am deadline. McTeague and Martinez meet in the bar while the Tremors kill the agents on the roof across from the bar and prepare to storm the bar. Soot kills Agent Dumare in his hotel room and disguises himself as him, allowing him access to the bunker. Eight minutes before the deadline, McTeague and Martinez working together create a hostage situation where McTeague holds Martinez hostage, creating a Mexican standoff between the assassins and the FBI agents. The standoff escalates when the Tremors fire a clown with a bomb strapped to him through the bar doors. A shootout ensues; however, the agents and the assassins are unable to kill each other. Martinez breaks cover and kills some of the agents including Salerno, before being shot and wounded. McTeague takes her to a closet where he cradles her as she dies. At this point, the Tremors break into the bar, firing heavy machine guns and killing all of the agents save for Little who escapes. McTeague, angry at Martinez\'s death fights Baby Boy, attaching an explosive to him before being gunned down by Lester and Fritz; the explosive that explodes within the body then kills Baby Boy. Meanwhile, Soot has escaped the firefight and still disguised as Dumare, convinces Abrego to let him into the secure area. He then double-crosses Abrego and kills him. Before he dies, Abrego manages to pull off Soot\'s mask, ruining his disguise. The Tremors breach the elevator and kill the last remaining agents outside of the bunker. Soot takes an agent hostage and threatens to kill him unless Baker opens the bunker door, but Baker refuses. At the same time, the Tremors fire a rocket-propelled grenade at the door, which Soot narrowly escapes. Kaitlyn, who has penetrated the tunnels next to the bunker, blows a hole in it and starts firing on the agents inside, trying to kill Weed. Nicholas is killed protecting him just before Baker shoots and kills Kaitlyn. With only two minutes to go, Weed suddenly tries to open the bunker door and reveals he has C4 hidden under his wheelchair and is rigged to a dead man switch. Redstone tries to shoot Weed but is wounded by Baker who attempts to talk Weed down. Weed says that he must die to kill the assassins, who have committed heinous acts against America and that by blowing himself up, Weed will be hailed as a patriotic hero for killing the assassins when he dies. Realising Weed will not back down, Baker drags the wounded Redstone to the "spider trap", a hole in the bunker\'s floor, which can be used to safeguard people from the bunker collapsing. Weed detonates the C4, destroying both the bunker and the bar. Baker is unable to get Redstone into the spider trap and can only save himself. Fritz is critically wounded by the bomb and begs for help from Lester, who coldly kills him for abusing him for years. Not long after, Baker emerges from the spider trap and comes out of the ruins of the bar to find emergency services securing the area, with only Little and Baker surviving out of the FBI agents. Baker is approached by Special Agent Anthony Vejar who asks him if he saw Weed die, telling him that Vejar\'s unit believes that Weed was also Hal Leuco who works for a CIA elite black ops unit. With a combined career in both the FBI and CIA, Weed/Leuco was able to access information about the assassins and used them for covert missions over the years, allegedly for patriotic interest. Posing as Leuco, he hired the assassins to kill Weed so he could gather them all in one place and have them kill each other or be killed by the FBI. Baker realises that Weed/Leuco is still alive after Vejar mentions that Hal Leuco is short for Haliaeetus leucocephalus, a Latin phrase that translates into bald eagle, which was part of a playing card set Weed played with in the bunker. Weed/Leuco is shown to be alive and gets into a car. As he drives off, however, he is shot and killed by Baker who then walks away. Lester Tremor and Lazlo Soot are also shown to have escaped the blast and walk away from the scene.'] ['Fernand Naudin is an ex-gangster, who now deals in agricultural machinery and lives in Montauban. His modest, quiet life is disrupted when his childhood friend, who has become the Boss of a gangster organisation, summons him to his death bed. He has to take care of his friend\'s "business" and of his daughter, Patricia, who only thinks about having fun and has never been kept in a college for more than six months. As if it wasn\'t enough, by taking the Boss\'s  golden seat, Fernand angers most of the other gangsters who hoped to become the new Boss and during the movie, he escapes many murder attempts by people inside the organisation.'] ["In 1928, David Shayne  is an idealistic young playwright newly arrived on Broadway. In order to gain financing for his play, God of Our Fathers, he agrees to hire Olive Neal , the actress/girlfriend of a gangster. She is demanding and talentless, but her gangster escort Cheech  turns out to be a genius, who constantly comes up with excellent ideas for revising the play. As the players prepare for opening night, Shayne is soon in over his head claiming Cheech's rewrites as his own, cheating on his partner Ellen  with the show's seductive, alcoholic leading lady Helen Sinclair , and facing his leading man, a compulsive eater , beginning an affair with Olive."] ['The film tells the story of a female petty criminal, played by Reiko Ike, who becomes involved in international intrigue while searching for the sister of a man she saw murdered in a gambling den, as well as the gangsters responsible for murdering her father during her childhood.'] ['An organized crime war breaks out between two rival gangs in Chicago during the Roaring Twenties. The leader of the mob is the notorious Al Capone, who resents his nemesis Bugs Moran\'s activity in the city. Moran, too, wants to control the whole town. Capone and his thugs Peter and Frank Gusenberg use threats and intimidation to make tavern owners do business with them in exchange for "protection." Moran gives the order to have a crony of Capone\'s eliminated as the Chicago body count escalates. Inclusive in the escalating war are a lunchtime attack on Capone at a restaurant outside of Chicago by Hymie Weiss and Moran and the murders of Weiss and Dion O\'Banion by Capone In a bid to get rid of Moran once and for all, Capone goes to Florida to establish an alibi while his henchmen, some dressed as cops, ambush and execute seven members of Moran\'s gang in a garage on February 14, 1929.'] ['Marian is a fashion designer who thinks she is leading the perfect life when she marries attorney Edward. It soon turns out to be that her husband is the son of a powerful mafia family. Soon, the family involves Marian and her friends with organized crime, ruining her life. She starts to fight against the family when one of her best friends is murdered.'] ["Marie  is a very appealing modern-day vampire in Pittsburgh, with a moral code that limits her bloodsucking to the criminal elements of society. However, when she feasts on a vicious gang boss, Salvatore 'The Shark' Macelli , and fails to complete the job properly - by not severing his spinal cord, he, too, becomes one of the undead and begins to pass his newfound powers on to his henchmen. With the help  of undercover cop Joseph Gennaro , Marie sets out to put things right."] ["The story is set in the backdrop of the slums of Pudhupettai in Chennai, as the title suggests, where a high school kid Kokki Kumar  sees his mom dead after he comes back from watching a movie. His father, the murderer is also planning to kill his son Kumar. Kumar sensing danger runs away from home. Homeless and with no food Kumar resorts to begging until he is falsely arrested while standing by and watching a commotion on the street. In jail he befriends handymen of a local goon who take Kumar with them and give him petty jobs to do. In a confrontation with goons of another gang Kumar kills the brother of his enemy gang's head Moorthi thus earning the respect of his gang and making enemies for himself both within his gang and outside. Krishnaveni  is a prostitute who also works under Anbu. Kumar falls in love with Krishnaveni and challenge Anbu to release her. Anbu in return beats Krishnaveni and orders to kill Kumar. Kumar approaches Anbu and asks to pardon him but Anbu wonders if it would be possible cancel the order to kill Kumar. Kumar infuriated kills Anbu and approaches Thalaivar . Thalaivar says if he could survive until the next day morning from Anbu's goon, who is seeking revenge, he would be bestowed with Anbu's area for business. Kumar survives and Thalaivar keeps him in place of Anbu. Kumar grows even further in the don world. He kills his father and his hench men. Murthy is stabbed by Kumar's men. Kumar joins Thalaivar's political party for immunity from police and arrests. He then meets Selvi  on the eve of her wedding and falls in love with her and marries her forcibly during her wedding ceremony. Selvi is the sister of his favorite henchman who now becomes his sworn enemy and joins the enemy gang. Slowly Kumar starts accumulating serious enemies and eventually everyone start targeting for Kumar's head. Does Kumar survive the wrath of his enemies? forms the rest of the story."] ["The film is a gangster comedy about a businessman who becomes involved with the gangster underworld through the daughter of a crime boss.Synopsis based on {{cite web}} A businessman and a young woman wake up in bed together with no knowledge of how they got there. Next the business man is confronted by the young woman's brothers, who are members of the mafias. The brothers demand that the business man make an honorable woman of their sister. Ensue the craziness!"] ["In the Pepperhill Estate of Manchester, an ongoing battle rages between Triad gangs and street gangs. Gang leaders Ray  and Terry , who are cousins and lifelong friends, always trusting and relying on each other, have been in prison. Ray doesn't want to be a gangsters anymore, having also fallen for Clare . But Terry, driven by an obsession beyond friendship, is determined to make sure that Ray never leaves the gang. During their time in prison, the Triads have grown stronger and more daring, eventually killing a member ofTerry and Ray's gang. Revenge is called for and the gang turns to them for direction. Bernie  is the aging gangster who struggles to keep the peace.Everybody Loves Sunshine: Short synopsis in BowieWonderWorld.com"] ["After Kunisada 's yakuza leader and father figure is brutally murdered, he and his best friend  go on a two-man mission to avenge his death, killing other Yakuza leaders leading to a final confrontation by the old man's killers."] ['The film opens with professional assassin Jeff Heston  and mistress Vanessa  pursued mercilessly while holidaying in the Virgin Islands. Jeff is shot and left for dead, while Vanessa runs off with his shooter and former business associate Coogan. After his release from prison on a framed murder charge, Jeff tracks the pair to New Orleans. However, after taking revenge on his betrayer and reuniting with Vanessa, Jeff is blackmailed by the very crime boss  who framed him, took Vanessa as his mob wife, and who is now intent on having him join his organisation. When Jeff refuses, he is hunted through an unforgiving city only to discover that his real enemy is closer than he realised.'] ["Maggie Rohrer  is a seductive con-artist scamming the rich in Miami Beach. When she picks the wrong mark, Jack Shanks , he blackmails her into working with him on the ultimate scam in Jamaica. He wants to use her talents in a much-bigger scam: ripping off a crime lord by getting at his programmer's computer files. But she starts to have doubts about what he's really after when she finds a huge stash of loot with the disks. He claims no knowledge of the money, she distrusts him, he's using her, things start getting dangerous and even murderous - and then her boyfriend shows up. When the scam turns deadly, murder and double-cross become the only way to finish their dangerous game."] ['Starting in 1978, FBI agent Joseph D. Pistone is assigned to infiltrate the New York City–based Bonanno crime family. Calling himself Donnie Brasco and posing as an expert jewel thief from Vero Beach, Florida, he befriends Benjamin "Lefty" Ruggiero, a low-level mob hit man whose personal life is in tatters, and Dominick "Sonny Black" Napolitano, the captain of Lefty\'s crew. Lefty can\'t seem to make enough money, his son is a drug addict and he is continually passed over for promotion within the crime family. He continually reminds Brasco of his growing disillusionment about having spent 30 years as a wiseguy , with little to show for it. In Donnie, at least, Lefty sees a young protégé who might be able to succeed where he failed. He takes Donnie under his wing. Donnie quickly becomes accepted by the other family members, as an "associate"  and is later nearly officially inducted into the mob as a "made man." The longer Pistone plays the role of a gangster, the more he finds himself actually becoming Donnie Brasco during his rare off-duty hours. His long absences and change in personality drive a wedge between Pistone and his wife and three children. Meanwhile, the slightest mistake in his performance as a mobster could result in death to him and his family. In addition, Pistone has come to regard Lefty as a close and trusted friend. He knows that when the day finally comes that the FBI arrests his mob associates, he will be ending Lefty\'s life as surely as if he himself had killed him.'] ["Frank is the ambitious son of an organized-crime boss. He plans a heroin deal with the help of brothers Tony and Vince, but a snitch tips off the cops. After the death of his father, a mob war breaks out between two rival families. One is run by Don Angelo, but he does not get the support of the brothers, Tony and Vince, and must seek power through other means. He begins a romance with Frank's young and beautiful fiancee, Ruby, which sends Frank into a self-destructive rage."] ['In Paris, bloodthirsty jewel thief Roger Sartet  escapes from custody with the help of the Manalese, a small-time but well-organised Sicilian Mafia clan led by patriarch Vittorio  and which includes his sons Aldo  and Sergio  and son-in-law Luigi . While in prison, Sartet got to know an electrician  who was involved in the setting up of an extensive security system at a diamond exhibition in Rome &mdash; the electrician returned home early, unannounced, caught his wife in bed with a lover and shot them. Unaccustomed to prison life, he made friends with Sartet and bit-by-bit supplied him with details of the exhibition. Vittorio and a fellow Mafiose, Tony Nicosia  of New York, go to the exhibition only to find that some changes have been made that make a simple robbery more difficult. Furthermore the exhibition hall is just down the road from the local police station. Nicosia instead comes up with a plan to steal the diamonds while they are en route to another exhibition in New York and sends over Jack ([[Sydney Chaplin , an alcoholic, in order to pass on the details. Meanwhile Commissaire Le Goff  pursues Sartet with unbridled determination &mdash; the gangster having killed two of his men in cold blood during an earlier arrest. Guessing that Sartet needs false papers in order to leave the country, Le Goff\'s enquiries lead him to the Malanese and their arcade game business which serves as a cover for their more illegal activities. While he questions Vittorio, Sartet slips out of the building in a car, right under Le Goff\'s nose. Jeanne , wife of Vittorio\'s son Aldo and an able crook in her own right, becomes increasingly fascinated by Sartet. She has always felt out of place as the only French person in the Sicilian clan. While hiding out in a villa near the Italian border she attracts Sartet\'s attention by sunbathing nude but as they kiss they are caught in the act by Luigi\'s six-year-old son Roberto . Jeanne gets the boy to promise not to mention it to anyone. In Rome, the gang subtly kidnap Edward Evans, the insurance man sent to oversee the transfer of the diamonds to New York. Sartet takes his place and joins the other officials accompanying the diamonds on a regular scheduled flight to New York via Paris. Among the passengers joining the plane in Paris are Jack, Jeanne, Vittorio and his sons. Things almost go wrong when Evans\' wife  turns up and even boards the plane looking for her husband, but Vittorio leads her to believe that her husband will be on another flight. Having tried to contact her husband\'s hotel in Rome and being told that he has left, Mrs Evans goes to the police. At police HQ, she identifies Sartet as one of the men she saw on the plane while it was grounded in Paris. Told that his enemy has left the country, and guessing what he is up to, Le Goff requests a cigarette, having given up smoking some time ago. Meanwhile, the plane is making its descent towards New York when the gang suddenly hijacks the aircraft. The crew are held at gunpoint and Jack, a former pilot, takes over the co-pilot\'s seat. Warned of Sartet\'s imminent arrival in America, the local police race to the airport, but the plane in fact overshoots New York City and lands on a highway which has been closed off by the local mob. Other Mafia men are waiting in cars. They unload the diamonds from the plane and split up, Jack for Canada and the Manalese for Paris. Intending to move to Veracruz, Sartet hides out in New York while awaiting his share of the proceeds. Back home, late one evening, the Manalese are watching a film on TV which includes a scene of a couple kissing on a beach. Roberto says that it "Looks like Auntie Jeanne with Mister Sartet". Jeanne denies this but the others will not accept it. They lure Sartet back to Paris by withholding his share of the loot. Jeanne calls Sartet\'s sister Monique  to warn him that he is walking into a trap. Monique goes to the airport but when her brother fails to turn up she is confronted by the Manalese boys who are subsequently arrested by Le Goff and his men who had Monique under surveillance. Sartet actually came by an earlier plane. He contacts Vittorio, demanding his share. They meet at a place outside of town where Vittorio shoots both Jeanne and Sartet dead. He then returns home, only to be arrested by Le Goff.'] ["The film is about a poor married couple living in New York City. The husband works as a musician and must travel often for work. When returning, his wallet is taken by a gangster. His wife goes to a ball where a man tries to drug her, but his attempt is stopped by the same man who robbed the husband. The two criminals become rivals, and a shootout ensues. The husband gets caught in the shootout and recognizes one of the men as the gangster who took his money. The husband sneaks his wallet back and the gangster goes to safety in the couple's apartment. Policemen track the gangster down but the wife gives him a false alibi."] ['Milo, an aging Serbian drug lord, attends a meeting for Narcotics Anonymous. The five-days-sober Milo admits that he is worried that the stress of cooking for his daughter\'s 25th birthday celebration will cause him to relapse into using. Milo departs the meeting to pick up a drug shipment with his henchman Branko. Though he requested heroin, the shipment turns out to be 10,000 ecstasy pills. Seeking an explanation, Milo meets with his Albanian supplier Luan. The Albanians agree to send a new shipment of heroin and allow Milo to try to sell the ecstasy as well. After a quick talk with his demanding and spoiled daughter, Milena, Milo goes back to his kitchen to cook for the party. After Milo forces his henchman to try his cooking, he meets his associate Little Muhammed, who has come to drop off his daily yield. The pugnacious Muhammed warns Milo to respect younger hoods like himself, but Milo mockingly calls him the "King Kong of Copenhagen." However, as Milo knows nothing about ecstasy, he needs Muhammed to set up a buyer for the pills. When all of Milo\'s henchmen get food poisoning from his cooking, Milo has no choice but to trust Muhammed to make the sale alone and return within an hour. The birthday celebration begins and Milo splits his time mingling with guests, cooking, and trying to contact the tardy Muhammed. While buying wine at an underground store, Milo learns that Milena\'s boyfriend, Mike, is in fact a small-time drug dealer. He forces Mike to accept him as his sole supplier of heroin, and then haggles with his daughter over the price. While waiting in a restaurant for an emergency supply of fish, Milo bumps into Kurt the Cunt, a low-level drug dealer who gives him some heroin. The over-stressed Milo breaks down and smokes some of it. Having not heard from Muhammed in four hours, Milo contacts a corrupt cop, who promises to find him. Milo meets with Luan to admit that he lost the ecstasy and needs more time to pay for them. The Albanians force Milo to become their subordinate in a human trafficking scheme, using his kitchen as a hideout. Rexho, an Albanian crook, and a Polish pimp arrive to sell a young girl into prostitution. Milo tries to distance himself from the transaction in disgust, but Rexho demands that he serve them food. Milo gives the girl a piece of his daughter\'s birthday cake when she reveals that it is her birthday as well. After Rexho leaves, the girl attempts to flee, but Milo helps run her down. The furious pimp begins savagely beating the girl, which ultimately sends Milo over the edge. In a drug infused rage he beats the pimp to death with a hammer, then waits for Rexho to return and kills him as well. The corrupt cop then delivers Muhammed to Milo in the trunk of his car, warning him not to hurt him. Out of options, Milo seeks help from his old friend and ex-henchman Radovan, who left the underworld to start a successful restaurant. Radovan agrees to help Milo one last time. Radovan helps Milo torture Muhammed, who reveals that the ecstasy pills Milo had received were fake. Milo and Radovan stash Muhammed in an ice chest after he threatens Milo, and then begin butchering the two corpses for disposal. At dawn, Milo returns to his tranquil home and talks with Milena. She wonders why he disappeared during the party, then goes to bed. Milo walks into the backyard and silently smokes a cigarette while looking into his empty swimming pool.'] ['Barry Ryan is a late 1960s Australian mobster who controls the Sydney gambling scene and is making huge profits from casino slot machines. His profitable venture attracts the unwanted attention of the American Mafia, who attempt to secure a piece of the action by sending in two of their henchmen: the pensive, world-weary veteran Tony and his violent, not-too-bright sidekick Sal. Ryan soon finds himself fending off the trigger-happy "yanks", outback-style, while also contending with his feisty wife, needy mistress, and a crooked cop.'] ['Caine Lawson and his best friend Kevin Anderson  enter a local store to buy malt liquor, as the Korean storekeeper and his wife eye them suspiciously. An argument ensues and the irritated O-Dog shoots and robs the storekeeper and his wife. He then takes the store video surveillance tape. Caine’s father was a dope dealer and his mother a heroin addict, and he later goes to live with his grandparents. Later, Caine and his cousin Harold are carjacked and Harold is murdered, with Caine shot. O-Dog informs Caine that he has learned the identity of the jackers and murders the assailants. Caine and O-Dog are hired by a local hood Chauncy, for a car insurance scheme but are caught in the process and arrested by police. A detective attempts to link Caine to the store killings by matching fingerprints. Once released, Caine, buys a new car from a chop shop and robs a local hustler for his Dayton wheels. Caine begins to enjoy his new hustler life with his crew, meeting a local girl named Ilena. Caine\'s friend Ronnie tells him that she has found a job in Atlanta and invites him to come with her. Later, Caine tells Ronnie that he will accompany her to Atlanta. Before leaving for Atlanta, Caine gets into a altercation with Ilena\'s cousin, who comes to Caine\'s house. They have a small exchange with Ilena\'s cousin berating Caine to which Caine replies "So what, now we\'re going to fight over a bitch?", after that Caine cheapshots Ilena\'s cousin and proceeds to kick him while he\'s down. Moments later, it is shown that Ilena\'s cousin says he has to take care of his business, leading the events ahead. Ilena\'s cousin and a gang of gunmen execute a drive-by shooting on the house during which Sharif is killed and Caine is fatally wounded, just as Caine was packing the car to move to Atlanta. As Caine lies bloody in Stacy\'s arms, seeing flashbacks of the events that led to this final moment, he realizes that "in the end it all catches up with you". With a gunshot, the screen blacks out.'] ['Sakthivelu Nayakar  is born to an anti-government union leader. The child, Velu, is tricked by the police into locating his father, and then witnesses his father\'s death in a police shootout. After doing the final death rites of his father, he kills the person who was the cause for his father\'s death and escapes to Bombay. Stranded and homeless in the big city, he is rescued by a kind-hearted Muslim fisherman who takes him into his home in the suburban slums of Dharavi. His foster-father is also a small-time smuggler known for his generosity in the slum. Upon his running afoul of a senior crime lord, the corrupt local police officer named Kelkar, arrests the fisherman on smuggling charges and subsequently murders him. Velu Naiker, now a young man who has come into his own, goes in search of the officer and bludgeons him to death for as revenge. With this act, he is seen as a saviour and a man to be feared amongst the slum residents. As their godfather and protector, he flourishes by resuming his late foster-father\'s local smuggling activities. He marries a destitute school-girl-turned-prostitute  and has two children. Conflicts and power struggles occur in the smuggling world, in which Velu\'s wife becomes a casualty. Velu\'s kids are sent away to Chennai as a result and return years later to their father\'s home, as young adults. Surya , Velu\'s son, is eager to join his father in his activities, despite his father\'s reluctance. For his first real test, he is required to eliminate a potential witness against his father; he does this by hiring outside thugs. They succeed in eliminating the witness, but their failure to cover their tracks leads police to him at a petrol bunk and an accident costs him his life. Velu is heartbroken. Velu\'s daughter ([[Karthika  is at odds with her father over his form of justice and killings. To this he replies "எல்லாரையும் நிறுத்த சொல்லு, அப்புறம் நான் நிறுத்தறேன்" . As a last straw, she leaves her father and detaches her relationship. A newly appointed assistant police commissioner  starts afresh to bring Velu Nayakar to justice over his alleged activities and manages to secure an arrest warrant. This commissioner is, unbeknownst to both, Velu\'s son-in-law. After continued pursuit resulting in the thrashings by police and self-immolation of slum dwellers, Velu surrenders to the police to spare the lives of the residents of his slum. He is tried in court but is released due to the lack of adequate evidence. A supportive and emotional crowd gathers at the courthouse, awaiting his release. Velu is greeted by an excited crowd but their joy turns to sorrow when he is shot by his mentally disabled adopted son, who turns out to be the son of Inspector Kelkar.'] ["The film revolves around Davey Gordon , a 29-year-old welterweight New York boxer in the end of his career, and his relationship with his neighbor, taxi dancer Gloria Price , and her violent employer Vincent Rapallo . The drama begins with Davey in his apartment room, mentally preparing for a big fight against Kid Rodriguez. On the other side of the building, across the courtyard, he gazes upon Gloria, an attractive taxi dancer, getting ready for work. As they both walk out of the building, they run into each other, they notice each other but say nothing. Gloria is picked up by her boss Vincent. As Davey is losing his fight, Gloria is dealing with her boss in his office as he tries to kiss her repeatedly. That evening Davey is awakened by screams coming from Gloria's apartment. As he looks across the courtyard, he sees that Gloria is being attacked by Vincent. He runs to her room, but Vincent has made his getaway. Davey comforts Gloria and she goes to sleep comfortable that Davey is in the room to protect her. However, Vincent is not deterred, and proceeds to interfere in their lives. When they decide to leave town, Davey and Gloria arrange to get money they are each owed. Gloria tries to get money from Vincent at the dance hall, and Davey asks his manager to meet him there as well. When a street performer steals Davey's scarf, he chases after him. Davey's manager arrives but does not see Davey. Vincent sends two goons out to rough Davey up, but they mistake the manager for Davey and kill him in the alley. Vincent kidnaps Gloria and has his two goons hold her hostage. Davey returns to Gloria's apartment and sees the police across the courtyard in his apartment. They assume he killed his manager. Davey leaves to rescue Gloria, but he is captured and restrained as well, leading to a chase and confrontation in an abandoned warehouse full of mannequins. During the struggle, Davey kills Vincent and rescues Gloria. He and Gloria are cleared of all charges by the police, and Davey buys a train ticket back to the West Coast. At the train station, Davey assumes she will not join him, but at the last minute, Gloria rushes in, and they kiss."] ['Nino Brown  and his gang, the Cash Money Brothers, become the dominant drug ring within New York City when crack cocaine is introduced to the city streets during the mid and late 1980s. Meanwhile, Scotty Appleton  has a deal with stick-up kid Pookie . The deal goes wrong when Pookie takes the money and runs, causing Scotty into having a long chase and ends up wounding Pookie. He attempts to arrest him but the police let Pookie go. The CMB then convert an entire apartment complex  into a crack house, with assistance from his Nino\'s right hand man Gee Money  and enforcer Duh Duh Man . Scotty Appleton volunteers to go undercover into infiltrating Nino\'s gang and is partnered with Nick Peretti  as they try to convict the gang with evidence of the drug trafficking. On a mission they spy on the CMB, who are giving food to the poor, including Pookie. Scotty then recruits "Pookie" Robinson to work undercover at the Carter to help them gather incriminating evidence against Nino and the Cash Money Brothers. He then manages to get Pookie into recovery for his drug addiction and then to work for the CMB in a high-tech undercover mission. Pookie ends up relapsing and sneaking drugs. While high, Pookie is caught by Gee Money, who also realizes that Pookie is wired. When the cops realize their cover has been blown, the CMB abandon and burn the Carter complex including any evidence of their activities. Later, the cops tries to reach to Pookie but they find him killed with explosives on him. Nick manages to diffuse the bomb before it explodes. Nino discovers that Gee Money ordered the Carter to be destroyed, which makes Nino angry and threatens Gee Money. After Pookie\'s funeral, Scotty takes matters into his own hands by going undercover as a drug dealer who wants to get in with the CMB. Scotty infiltrates the CMB thanks in part to the ambitions  of Gee Money. On their first encounter, Nino tells Scotty a story of how he murdered a woman as a part of his initiation into the L.A. Boyz as a youth. When questioned by Scotty if the murder was personal or business, Nino explains this away by saying: "My brother, it\'s always business. Never personal." Scotty further gains the trust of Nino after "saving" him from a gun-toting old man and by revealing information about Gee Money\'s side-deal. Nino\'s megalomania separates the crime lord from his gang and is the catalyst for their downfall. Scotty\'s cover gets blown during another police sting of CMB operations when one of Nino\'s fellow gang members Karim ([[Christopher Williams  notices him from Pookie\'s wound situation, leading to a gruesome shootout and several police officers and Duh Duh Duh Man are killed in the shootout. On a boat, Nino confronts Gee Money for his act of betrayal and goes on the run, which Nino then regretfully shoots Gee Money in the head, killing him. After the gang\'s collapse, Nino holes up in an apartment and continues his crime empire solo. Eventually, Nino is caught by the undercover cops. Scotty goes right in the apartment as Nick clearly kills a bodyguard guarding Nino\'s apartment and Nino is beaten on a public street for his crimes against the community and as retribution for the mother\'s murder by Scotty. In rage, he says, "This ain\'t business, bitch, this is personal!" before pointing his gun at Nino to put an end to his nemesis. Nick convinces Scotty to let Nino live. Stone and Nino\'s ex-girlfriend arrive to take the severely injured Nino. Nino makes a remark that he will return before he is taken away. At Nino\'s trial, after turning state\'s evidence while on the stand, Nino Brown pleads guilty to a lesser charge . Nino claims he was forced to work for CMB because they threatened his mother, and points the finger at Kareem, whom he falsely claims was the actual leader of CMB. As Nino walks triumphantly out of the courthouse, he is shot in the chest and falls to his death  by an older man , who had earlier tried to convince the police of Nino\'s destruction of the community and had made an attempt on his life. Nick and Scotty happily leave as news reporters takes pictures of Nino\'s corpse.'] ['The film depicts the mutually exploitative relationship that exists between the U.S. military and the lower elements of Japanese society at Yokosuka.'] ["Gloria , has just gotten out of prison, where she has served three years to save her boyfriend, Kevin . During her stay in prison, she thinks about how Kevin never once visited her. She goes to Kevin and tells him that the relationship is over and that all she wants is the money he promised her for taking the rap for him. He refuses to give it to her. Meanwhile, the gang's accountant has tried to give himself some protection by creating a computer disk which has the names of all those involved in the outfit's criminal activities. The plan backfires, and, in trying to get the disk, one of Kevin's trigger happy henchmen kills the accountant, as well as his wife, mother-in-law and daughter. Only his seven-year old son Nicky  escapes, but is quickly caught and brought to Kevin's apartment. It is there that Gloria and Nicky's paths cross. Gloria must decide whether or not to risk her life in order to save the boy."] ['The film focuses on a branch leader position has opened up in Chicken\'s group and he is up against Barbarian to get it. The "Hung Hing" triad has to deal with finding a new successor to be the head of the Hung Hing group and they get the old boss\' brother who resides in Thailand. Young and Dangerous 4 also brings in new characters in the "Hung Hing" group such as Ben Hon, Sister 13, and Prince. Because, before the Hongxing society leading Jiang Tiansheng has killed the entire community into the Realm of the rudderless. Chen Yao-led Societies six recruited to travel to Thailand, invited Jiang Tiansheng\'s brother Jiang day raising as a new faucet. However, Yao-Yang, the Eastern Star News Agency, one of the "Eastern Star Fab Five", but took the opportunity to kill Han Bin brother dinosaur, Tuen Mun, recruited to produce the vacancy. Soon, Jiang day raise promised to return to Hong Kong took over as the new leading and decided to chose one person as the new Tuen Mun recruited from the pheasant and Health aboriginal two of them. How material Chan Ho-nam deep "in rivers and lakes, involuntarily," helpless, and therefore urged pheasant not the place for recruited. Just, pheasants do not want to miss this opportunity, still insisted on competition, recruited, but the brothers philosophies, big day, led by the hand down the assassination of Health aboriginal unfortunately seriously injured, is fortunate enough to fly help solve the problem, but Yao-Yang know the big day hiding place with Nutty Li will be two from a tall building left, two of the big day unfortunately jumped to death, but the pheasant has not revoked the contention recruited by the idea. In addition, raw Fan Nutty Li and Yao-Yang strong support, competitive momentum soared. The film ends at mission complete a Chan Ho-Nam as exclusive and Chicken Chiu as vice-exclusive officialy successful of excelent at the snapshot to potraits as the background and screen fades to black and the movie ends it was officially reinnaugurated by Young and Dangerous 5 it was officially premiered on New Year\'s Day 1998.'] ["Dante  is a hapless man who drives a school bus for a special school. One night, he accidentally meets Maria , an attractive and wealthy woman from Palermo, Sicily with whom he immediately falls in love. Soon Dante is lured by Maria into unwittingly impersonating famous mobster Johnny Stecchino, Maria's husband, with whom he shares an uncanny resemblance. Meanwhile, the real Stecchino  is forced to hide in his home after having testified against several of the local Mafia leaders. Maria's plan is to have Dante mistaken for Johnny, publicly murdered by the Mafia, and buried in place of her husband, after which they can both escape to Argentina."] ["Leo Handler  rides the subway to a his mother's house in Queens, New York, where she has thrown a surprise party in honor of his parole. His cousin Erica  is at the party with her boyfriend Willie Gutierrez . Willie takes Leo aside and thanks him for serving time in prison, implying that Leo had taken a fall for their gang of friends. Leo is eager to find a job to support his mother , who has a heart condition. Willie suggests working for Erica's stepfather Frank Olchin ([[James Caan . The next day, Leo meets with Frank at the railway car repair company that he owns. Frank encourages him to enter a 2-year machinist program and offers to help finance his studies. Needing to work right away, Leo asks about working with Willie at the company. Frank discourages that idea. Later, Willie tells Leo not to worry about it, because Frank tried to get him to enroll in a machinist program as well. Willie invites Leo to watch him work the next day. At Brooklyn Borough Hall, Willie explains how corrupt the contract system is for repair work on the subway. After a hearing to award contracts, Willie is approached by Hector Gallardo  about leaving Frank's firm for his. Willie brushes him off, and he takes Leo with him to Roosevelt Island where he bribes the official in charge of awarding contracts. One night, Willie takes Leo with him to a rail yard, where he and a gang sabotage the work of Gallardo's firm, in order to lower their quality rating and lessen their ability to get contracts. Willie tells Leo to stand watch while the crew sabotages the train couplings. Meanwhile, Willie heads into the yard master's office to pay him off with Knicks tickets. The yard master tells Willie to get his crew off the tracks, because Gallardo had brought him $2,000 in cash earlier in the week. The yard master sounds the alarm, which draws a police officer to the tracks where he sees Leo. Terrified of returning to jail, Leo tries to run. When the cop begins to hit Leo with his night stick, Leo fights back and beats the cop into unconsciousness. As he runs off, he sees Willie in the office killing the yard master. As the cop lies in a coma at a hospital, the crew tells Leo that he must murder him, to prevent him from identifying Leo when he wakes up. They warn Leo that if the cop lives, then they will have to kill Leo. At the hospital, Leo is too scared to murder the cop, and he flees. When the cop awakes, he identifies Leo as his attacker, triggering a broad manhunt. The police assume that Leo is also responsible for the yard master's murder. When the police raid his mother's apartment, she has a heart attack, leaving her in an even weaker state. Even though Willie has told him to lay low, Leo emerges from hiding to visit his sick mother. Erica is tending to her, and she asks Leo if Willie was with him at the train yards. She realizes that it was Willie who actually killed the yard master, and she breaks off their engagement. Erica sets up a meeting between Leo and Frank, but Leo realizes that Frank is prepared to kill him. Out of options, Leo turns to Gallardo for protection. With Gallardo's lawyers at his side, Leo turns himself in at a public hearing into the rail yard incident and contract corruption. Realizing that Leo's testimony is in no one's interest, Frank and Gallardo negotiate a new split of the contracts with the Queens Borough President in a backroom deal. Meanwhile, Willie visits Erica, trying to win her back. Frank told him that Erica and Leo had been in love when they were younger, and they were caught having sex. Fearful of the broken-hearted and jealous Willie, Erica triggers the house alarm. Willie tries to embrace her, and as she pulls away, a scuffle ensues. Willie accidentally throws Erica off the second floor landing, causing her to fall to her death. Outside the house, he surrenders to the police who have responded to the alarm. Erica's death emboldens Leo to ignore the deal that Frank and his cronies brokered. The film closes with him testifying against everyone involved in the corruption."] ['Ex-Major Frank McCloud  arrives at the Hotel Largo in Key Largo, Florida, where he meets the proprietors James Temple  and Nora Temple . James Temple was the father-in-law of widow Nora Temple. George Temple was Nora Temple\'s husband and James Temple\'s son. George died in Italy, during WWII, where he was in Frank\'s unit. Due to the lateness of the season, and because of an approaching hurricane, the hotel is nearly empty, with only five guests: the dapper Toots , the boorish Curly , stone-faced Ralph , servant Angel , and an attractive woman, Gaye Dawn , who has a drinking problem. They claim to have come down to the Florida Keys for a fishing trip with a mysterious sixth man who spends all his time in his room upstairs. Rebuffing Curly\'s attempts to engage him in conversation, Frank meets with Nora and Mr. Temple and tells them where Temple\'s son George is buried and of his heroism under fire overseas. Nora, in particular, seems taken with Frank, who she says her husband wrote about frequently. The three begin preparing the hotel for the coming hurricane, but are interrupted by Sheriff Ben Wade  and his deputy, Sawyer , who are looking for the Osceola brothers, a pair of Native Americans who escaped from custody after being arrested on minor charges. Temple promises the lawmen that he will use his influence with the local Indians to get the boys to surrender. Soon after the police leave, the local Seminoles show up seeking shelter at the hotel. With the storm coming on, Curly, Ralph, Angel and Toots pull guns and take the Temples and Frank hostage. They reveal the sixth member of their party as being their boss, notorious gangster Johnny Rocco , who had been exiled to Cuba some years before for being an undesirable alien. The gang had discovered Sawyer looking about and knocked him unconscious. As they are held at gunpoint, Mr. Temple lets go a stream of insults toward Rocco, who responds by taunting Temple, explaining how he will one day return to prominence. At one point Rocco gives Frank a pistol and offers to fight a duel with him, but Frank declines, stating that he believes in self-preservation over heroics and that "one Rocco more or less isn\'t worth dying for." Sawyer grabs the gun and tries to escape but is shot and killed by Rocco, after which it is discovered that the gun Rocco gave Sawyer was not loaded. Rocco intends to hold the Temples and Frank hostage until his American contacts arrive to conclude a deal. As the storm rages, the Seminoles, usually sheltered in the hotel in storms, huddle outside as Rocco and his company worry about storm damage and insist the Indians stay outside. Rocco forces Gaye, his ex-moll, to sing for them and then berates her for her poor performance and fading looks. Nora reveals to Frank that she knows that the story he told earlier about her husband\'s heroism was false and that Frank was the real hero. Mr. Temple invites Frank to come live with them at the hotel, a prospect that seems to intrigue Nora. After the storm subsides, Ben Wade shows up looking for Sawyer, who had telephoned from the hotel before the hurricane. Mr. Temple is forced by Rocco to lie and say he hasn\'t seen him, but as Wade is leaving he discovers Sawyer\'s corpse floating in the water nearby . Rocco lies and blames the killing on the Osceola brothers, who Wade confronts and kills. After Wade leaves, Rocco\'s contact Ziggy  arrives to carry out the deal. Rocco sells Ziggy a large amount of counterfeit money and then forces Frank, who has skills as a seaman, to take him and his henchmen back to Cuba on a small boat belonging to the hotel . Nora and Gaye try to convince Frank to make a break for safety once he is outside the hotel, but he agrees to take the men to Cuba. Gaye appears to make a last-ditch attempt to convince Rocco to take her with him and uses the embrace to steal Rocco\'s gun, which she passes to Frank surreptitiously. Out on the ocean, Frank manages to knock Ralph overboard and then kills the other gangsters, receiving a minor wound himself. He radios for help and pilots the boat back to Key Largo, much to the delight of Nora.'] ["Lora Hart  applies for a job as a trainee nurse in a hospital, but is rejected by Miss Dillon  for not having graduated from high school. Fortunately, a chance encounter with the hospital's chief of staff, Dr. Arthur Bell , in an uncooperative revolving door gets that requirement waived. Lora's roommate and fellow nurse, Miss Maloney , becomes her best friend. One day, Lora treats bootlegger Mortie  for a gunshot wound and earns his gratitude by letting herself be persuaded not to report it to the police as required by law. He also admires the pretty young nurse. After she passes her training, Lora is hired for private duty, looking after two sick children, Desney and Nanny Ritchie  at the mansion of their alcoholic socialite mother , where there is always a party going on. When a drunk guest tries to molest her, Nick the brutish chauffeur  knocks him out. Then, when she turns down his demand that she pump out the stomach of a very drunk Mrs. Ritchie, he knocks Lora out and removes her to her room. Lora becomes alarmed by the treatment prescribed by Dr. Milton Ranger  for the children, because she sees that they are being slowly starved to death, but she is unable to get anybody to take her seriously. She quits and takes her suspicions to Dr. Bell. He is initially reluctant to interfere with another doctor's patients, but eventually advises her to return to her job so she can gather evidence. She manages to persuade Dr. Ranger to take her back. Finally, Nanny Ritchie becomes so weak, Lora fears for her life and tries unsuccessfully get Mrs. Ritchie to show any concern. By chance, Mortie is making a delivery of booze to the perpetual party at the mansion. Desperate, Lora sends Mortie for milk for a bath for the child, a folk remedy recommended by the frightened housekeeper, Mrs. Maxwell . Maxwell gets drunk and confides to Lora her suspicion that Nick and Dr. Ranger are working to murder the children in order to get at their trust fund. Mrs. Ritchie is in love with Nick, and he plans to marry her. After being threatened by Mortie, Dr. Bell shows up and examines the little girl. However, when Bell tries to get the child to the hospital, Nick punches him. Mortie stops Nick from interfering further, and the child's life is saved by an emergency blood transfusion provided by Lora. The next day, Mortie gives Lora a lift in his car. To allay her worries, he informs her that he told some of his friends that he didn't like Nick. Elsewhere, an ambulance brings a body dressed in a chauffeur's uniform to the hospital's morgue."] ["The film centers around Meg , a med student who after a traumatic experience moves to Staten Island to live with her grandmother while she gets back on her feet. Her grandmother's care giver, Mrs. Saladino, recommends Meg a waitress job in a family-run Italian restaurant called 'Santalino's'. There, Meg meets Raychel  and Kate  and becomes fast friends with the two. Not long after starting, Meg discovers exactly what kind of clientele she is serving, the Mob. Meg becomes an adored fixture and valued asset due to her medical training, offering medical advice to several of the mobsters. One night she becomes the focus of anger from one of the mob men, who slaps her. This led to Frankie  and Mr. Santalino to kill the man. Frankie forcifily orders Meg to chop up the body. Now realizing what she has gotten into she decides she needs to get out as fast as possible. She confides in Kate, and she discovers that Kate is actually an undercover police officer. Meg is then convinced by the police to help them in a sting operation. She is soon discovered and a shoot out ensues in the restaurant. She is then believed to be dead. Raychel has moved on to a more subdued life. In the final scene Kate returns on their birthday July 11th and reveals that Meg is actually alive, and the girls celebrate the pact that they made the year before. {{Citation needed}}"] ["Hopper plays Frankie, a pimp working for the Hollywood Mafia in the late 1980s. Fed up with his violent and abusive boss Sal, Frankie decides to make his own porno movie with his love interest Margaret: a prostitute seeking to escape her heroin addiction and become an actress, and his friend Joe: a washed-up film director who owes a gambling debt to the mob. When Sal finds out he abducts and tortures Margaret and Joey, then films it to taunt Frankie. Instead of heeding Sal's warning and fleeing town, Frankie plots his revenge on his former bossLast Days of Frankie the Fly on Rotten Tomatos"] ['The main character is Goose . Goose is leader of "The Ravens", a street gang located in Dayton, Ohio. The Ravens have an ongoing feud with "The Spiders", led by the sadistic goon Danny . Goose loves the criminal life, but when his girlfriend Christie  threatens to leave him, he quits the Ravens. First, he goes on one last drug deal, to get money to fund a new life with Christie. While he is gone, two Spiders break into Goose\'s apartment, killing Christie in the process. When Goose finds her body, he feeds her corpse to a trash compactor and then moves in with his Vietnam Veteran junkie father.'] ['On the lunar colony Little America, retired smuggler Pluto Nash  purchases a nightclub to prevent its owner, Anthony Frankowski , from being murdered by his creditors Gino  and Larry  for his terrible singing and club\'s unpopularity. Seven years later, "Club Pluto" is operated by Nash and his android Bruno , an old model 63+. Frankowski, under the alias "Tony Francis", has become an interplanetary star despite his inability to sing. One night in the club Nash is approached by Dina Lake , a young woman stranded on the Moon, who offers to perform in exchange for her passage to Earth. He instead gives her a position as a server. Meanwhile, Nash meets with messengers of the mysterious entrepreneur Rex Crater, who offers to buy Club Pluto. When Nash refuses they destroy the whole club, but Nash, Dina and Bruno escape while being shot at. Nash learns from his old friend Rowland , a retired policeman, that Rex Crater never leaves his penthouse in Moon Beach and works with the late Dr. Runa Pendankin, a geneticist specializing in cloning. Later, Rowland is killed by one of Carter\'s assailants. Nash and Dina visit Dr. Pendankin\'s apprentice, Mona Zimmer , who operates a cosmetic surgery station. Zimmer, intimidated by Nash, states that Dr. Pendankin was working with a Earth criminal who has a suitcase with the initials "WZW". Nash and Dina return to their hotel, where they are again attacked by Crater\'s assassins. Nash steals a car with an AI computer named James , and takes Dina and Bruno to his old hideout outside of the colony. There, Nash searches the internet for any Earth criminals with the initials "WZW". When he finds nothing, Dina suggests that the initials were an inverted "MZM"; Nash discovers "Michael Zoroaster Marucci" , whom he suspects is actually Rex Crater. The hideout is then attacked by Crater\'s agents, but they escape by jumping their car across a canyon. The car is damaged and explodes, causing the attackers to assume they are dead. Nash and Dina begin to walk to the nearest colony, but they run out of air and pass out. Bruno begins to carry them, but his battery eventually runs out. They are rescued by Felix Laranga  a smuggler who idolizes Pluto Nash as his role-model, and he takes them to Moon Beach. At Moon Beach, Nash asks Tony Francis to help him get into Crater\'s penthouse; but they, and later Bruno and Dina, are captured by Crater\'s agents. In the penthouse, Nash accuses Rex Crater of being Michael Marucci, whereupon Rex reveals that he is actually a clone of Nash himself, created by Dr. Pendankin to be a public face of Michael Marucci\'s illegal activities. But he later murdered both Marucci and the doctor. Crater and Nash later fight for possession of a gun; and when Nash, as a ruse, fires on Bruno, Crater\'s men fire on their employer by mistake. Nash then orders Crater\'s men to leave and reveals who he is to Dina; and Bruno reveals that he is wearing a bulletproof vest under his clothes. Crater, also wearing a bulletproof vest, suddenly attempts to garotte Nash, but is thrown thrown through a window. landing far below on a card table where Felix is gambling. Later, the heroes celebrate in the newly rebuilt Club Pluto, with Nash as the owner, Dina as the lead singer, and Bruno as the new club manager.'] ['Ryūichi and his small gang of Triad vie for control of the Japanese underworld in a crime-ridden Shinjuku quarter, while Detective Jojima tries to bring it down. Jojima attempts to start a gang war between the Triad and yakuza. Ryūichi and Jojima meet.  Dead or Alive series'] ["Seenu ([[Ram  enjoys fights right from his childhood. He appreciates violence. He wants to be like Manikyam , who was a goonda, as everyone, including his teacher, is afraid of him. When all the boys wanted to become doctors, engineers, lawyers and other professionals, Seenu wants to become a goonda. Though he behaves like a ruffian, he comes to know that one should have the support of a politician or a big dada. With the help of Laddu  an associate of Manikyam, Seenu meets the latter and joins his gang. At this juncture, Seenu falls in love with Subbalakshmi . As she pleads with Seenu to help her friend's father, Seenu agrees to settle a land deal. But the land was under illegal occupation of Manikyam's gang member. As he promised to settle the deal, Seenu opposes Manikyam. This makes Seenu a hero, and he also starts doing settlements on his own. Once, Seenu agrees to help an industrialist, whose quarry was occupied by Yadav , with the support of Manikyam. As things go out of control, Seenu decides to kill Yadav. However, he could not kill him but Seenu's young brother, who also likes fighting scenes, takes the gun and kills Yadav. Seenu appeals to the police commissioner  to mediate with Manikyam, but his men kill Seenu's brother. This irks Seenu who severely thrashes Manikyam, but spares him. Seenu realizes that violence is not the way to go. When Manikyam attacks him, he kills him in self-defense. The film ends on a happy note, with Seenu leaving all the dadagiri and leads a normal life."] ['The film follows the lives of four childhood friends: Joon-seok, the leader of the group and whose father is a powerful mob boss; Dong-su, whose father is an undertaker; class clown Jung-ho; and Sang-taek, who was an exemplary student. As children they play together, sell sexually explicit pictures cut from a magazine, and wonder if a South Korean Olympic swimmer could outrace a sea turtle. Jung-ho also showed the rest of them a VCR that his mother had, and this film he found on it. It turns out to be a pornographic movie, and the boys are entranced while arguing over what a "menstruation" was, with them believing that it was the word that adults used to describe the "vagina". Fast forward to high school, where they are reunited after separating during middle school. They become smitten with the lead singer of a band of girls their age. Joon-seok invites the band to a party at his house, where each boy pairs off with one girl . Sang-taek receives his first kiss from the lead singer, Jin-sook. Back in school, Joon-seok and Dong-su get in trouble after a confrontation with a teacher; After their friends convince them to go apologize, they are only off with a light suspension. During an outing to the movies, where Sang-taek catches the eye of another school kid whom he had picked a fight with earlier, Joon-seok and Dong-su fend off a whole rival school while Jung-ho protects Sang-taek. Dong-su, after the fight, returns with a steel rod and smashes the school\'s glass cases with its awards and trophies, dropping out of school and warning anyone who bumps into him on the street will "pay". Sang-taek is suspended from the affair. After graduation, Sang-taek and Jung-ho go to college but the others do not. A few years later Sang-taek and Jung-ho return to find Joon-seok married to Jin-sook, the singer from the band. He is seriously ill and abusive towards his wife as a result of being addicted to philopon; he also appears depressed that his father is dying. Later he recovers from his illness, divorces his wife, and mourns his father. He assumes his father\'s role as a crime lord, working under Hyung-doo. Dong-su also becomes a mobster with a rival organization, led by Sang-gon, and becomes similarly powerful. Joon-seok, Sang-taek, and Jung-ho remain close, drinking, singing karaoke, and eating galbi together during reunions. After Dong-su causes Joon-seok\'s boss to be imprisoned, an assassination attempt, headed by Doruko, is led on Dong-su, souring relations and leading to a mob war between the two friends\' opposing gangs. After an attack on his men, Joon-seok visits Dong-su at his headquarters. Joon-seok talks to Dong-su as if nothing has happened, and asks if he would like to accompany him to see Sang-taek off, since he was heading to the United States. Dong-su, however, does not want to, and Joon-seok becomes serious. Joon-seok, knowing that Dong-su would be assassinated for the attack on his gang, asks Dong-su as a friend to leave for Hawaii for a few years until things cooled down, Dong-su, however, refuses and tells Joon-seok to leave. Joon-seok leaves to say farewell to Sang-taek. What Dong-su did not realize was that Joon-seok asked him to leave as a friend. After mulling over the conversation Dong-su decides to see Sang-taek off at the airport. However, as he is about to leave, Dong-su is betrayed by his gang and stabbed to death. A few years later, Sung-taek returns to South Korea upon finishing his study abroad. Jung-ho explains how during Sung-taek\'s absence Joon-seok\'s gang sent him into hiding abroad. After a two years, he was unable to stand the hiding any longer and had a mental breakdown. He was caught after attempting to kill himself in a foreign bar. Joon-seok goes to trial for Dong-su\'s murder and, even after Jung-ho bribes the jurors, Joon-seok pleads guilty to ordering Dong-su\'s death, despite his actual innocence. After the trial, Sang-taek visits Joon-seok in prison, and the two talk like old friends who haven\'t seen each other. When the time comes for Joon-seok to leave to go back to his jail cell, Sung-taek asks why he pleaded guilty in court. Joon-seok simply replies, "Humiliation. Me and Dong-su are mobsters. Mobsters shouldn\'t be humiliated." Sang-taek and Joon-seok then part ways, with Sang-taek promising to visit every month. The film ends with Joon-seok walking back to his cell, in a hallway with a white bright light in the end, with Joon-seok reflecting on the past when they were all children, wondering who would win in a race, the South Korean Olympic swimmer or a sea turtle, when they were all still friends.'] ['The movie opens with a young boy running to meet his grandfather , who lies dying on his bed. The young boy sadly explains that he could not find the medicine required to cure his grandfather\'s ailment and wonders aloud who will take care of him after his grandfather passes away. His dying grandfather attempts to reassure the young boy, and explains that he should go to America. He further explains that when he was younger and working as a merchant marine, he met "the most beautiful girl" in America, and tells the young boy that if he goes there, she will take very good care of him. As the young boy is asking how to find her, his grandfather passes away and the movie fades to black. When it fades back in, quite some time has passed and the young boy, who is now an adult, has arrived in America and has begun working as a chef, catering to some gangsters in California. The gangsters, who call the man "Bruce" for his resemblance to the martial arts master Bruce Lee, are having trouble keeping their "boss of bosses" happy, and are trying to come up with the perfect solution to distributing cocaine to all of their clients throughout the United States. Some previous attempts at moving the drug have resulted in busts, and the boss of bosses is not happy. Through a series of misunderstandings, Bruce makes it into the local newspaper as a hero, having thwarted an attempted robbery at the local market. Bruce\'s boss, Lil Pete, sees the newspaper and quickly devises a plan putting Bruce in control of moving the cocaine across the country, using Freddy, a stooge associated with the drug lords, as Bruce\'s limousine chauffeur. He convinces Bruce  that he should drive to New York, not fly, as flying would rob him of seeing the beautiful countryside. Bruce agrees and the rest of the movie follows an unknowing Bruce delivering what he thinks to be flour to associates of the gangsters across the country, and the interactions he has with the people on this trip.'] ['{{Plot|date The Customer Is Always Right   That Yellow Bastard   The Hard Goodbye  The Big Fat Kill  That Yellow Bastard   The Customer Is Always Right   An injured Becky departs from a hospital, talking on a cell phone with her mother. In the elevator she encounters The Salesman, dressed as a doctor. He offers her a cigarette, calling her by name, as she abruptly ends the call with her mother. Her fate is never revealed.'] ["Japanese-Brazilian Mario and girlfriend Kei are ready to leave Japan with their fake passports, but the Chinese mafia boss Ko has his eyes set on Kei and is not going to lose her in anyway. So he sends Riku to stop them. Another mafia member, Fushimi holds hostage of foster daughter of Lucia, Mario' s former lover, just as Kei and Mario has left Tokyo and about to set all sail to Australia, Mario returns to Tokyo to save Lucia."] ['Ellsworth "Bumpy" Johnson is paroled from Sing Sing by the warden, who is impressed by Johnson\'s conduct while incarcerated, but believes Johnson does not regret committing the murder that sent him to prison. Johnson returns to Harlem and reunites with friends, most notably Illinois Gordon. Johnson is quickly established as a highly respected member of the community, and his friends include Stephanie "Madam Queen" St. Clair, who runs the numbers racket in Harlem despite competition from the Italian Mafia. Dutch Schultz, a Mafia associate who reports to Lucky Luciano, asks to partner with the Queen, who declines the offer, as she disapproves of the violent tactics Schultz has taken to terrorize her customers. Friends with the chief of police, Schultz arranges for the Queen to be arrested, and the Queen asks Johnson to take charge of the business during her incarceration. The Queen instructs that Johnson avoid bloodshed, but Schultz\'s men grow increasingly violent. Most of the film divides its attention between the mob war that results, and Johnson\'s relationships with other Harlem residents, most notably a romance with Red Cross nurse Francine Hughes. A key subplot centers around the increasingly antagonistic relationship between Schultz, who wants to become a boss in his own right, and Luciano, who is pressured by prosecutor Thomas Dewey to keep Schultz in check.'] ['Angela de Marco  is the wife of mafia up-and-comer Frank "The Cucumber" de Marco , who gets violently dispatched by Mob boss Tony "The Tiger" Russo  when he is discovered in a compromising situation with the latter\'s mistress Karen . Angela wants to escape the mafia scene with her son, but is harassed by Tony who puts the moves on her at Frank\'s funeral. This clinch earns her the suspicion of FBI agents Mike Downey  and Ed Benitez , and also of Tony\'s ball-busting wife Connie , who repeatedly confronts Angela with accusations of stealing her husband. To further complicate things, Mike Downey is assigned to monitor all of Angela\'s movements as part of an undercover surveillance operation, but cannot resist becoming romantically involved with Angela himself. Angela\'s attempts to break away from the Mob result in comic mayhem and a climactic showdown in a honeymoon suite in Miami.'] ['Chicken did not return for this film and Chan Ho Nam is on his own. He finds a beautiful new love interest,  and has to deal with some young "Tung Sing" triad members trying to make something of themselves. Young and Dangerous 5 happens during the transfer of Hong Kong sovereignty to China. We see a transition of the "boys" becoming "men" as they develop maturity and go into more business-like dealings. The story describes the Eastern Star, Causeway Bay, a Szeto Ho Nam, intent with the status of the Chan Ho-nam compete Causeway Bay jabi it, during Ma Nadu Chen Jianan deceive Chan Ho-nam intention to cooperate with him and then abusing him, then turn with Szeto Ho South, Chan Ho-nam, a pedestrian quite angry. An Uncle Seven, next to the woman - lying fine, Chan Ho-nam to her many feelings, but that she was considerable indignation when to do things to help Chen Jianan. Shu Qi determination to help Chan Ho-nam expose Chen Jianan embarrassments, while the original replacement for Big Brother prison Big Head Young Tim was released from prison, he thought of the dull life as a selling newspapers at a street vendor, but it is often the Eastern Star strong protection fees Chan Ho-nam secretly help him, he was rather reluctant to talk to former gangster related. Brother of the original Mr. Chiang, he lives out in Kuala Lumpur. He appears series several times after his appearance in fourth movie. But in the end, after all, come back to help Chan Ho-nam, and on behalf of Hongxing to fight a boxing match with the Eastern Star, and Szeto Ho Nam privately resolution than a private game with Chan Ho-nam, who lost have disappeared in Causeway Bay. The final bulk of winning boxing matches, and Chan Ho-nam also defeated Szeto Ho Nam declaring only a "Ho Nam" and the movie ends it setting off the events of the first four films of Young and Dangerous.'] ['A group of grifters rip off their latest mark and celebrate, while de facto leader of the group Jake Vig  explains the art of the con. When one of the four  is found shot to death, the other three learn that the latest money they stole actually belonged to a local L.A. crime lord called The King . Jake proposes that the grifters work for the King and steal money from Morgan Price , a rival who owns a bank. Jake enlists the aid of his remaining partners, Gordo  and Miles , and also convinces an independent con artist named Lily  to round out their foursome. The King, a ruthless killer who suffers from ADHD, demands that one of his men, Lupus , also come along. The con involves bribing a bank vice president into wiring money offshore. The plan hits a snag when Special Agent Gunther Butan  shows up in L.A., looking to finally bust Jake, whom he has followed for years. Butan forces corrupt LAPD detectives Omar Manzano  and Lloyd Whitworth  to switch their allegiance from Jake to him. After hearing about Butan\'s arrival, a nervous Jake pulls the plug on the whole con. He screams at Lily, making her walk out. Lupus gets Jake to reconsider nixing the con, hinting that The King will torture and kill the grifters if the plan falls short. The con is back on, though now without Lilly\'s help. The bribed bank VP wires the money to Gordo in Belize. Gordo brings it to Ontario Airport, where he is met by both Butan and The King\'s men, both sides after the $5 million in a duffle bag. Butan arrests The King and confiscates the money. Gordo disappears. Lupus, thinking the King has the money, reveals he was the one who killed Jake\'s grifter friend. Lupus holds Jake at gunpoint, but is shot by Travis , a henchman for Morgan Price. It turns out that when Lily walked out, she went straight to Price himself and revealed the entire con, which was taking place that minute. Price told Travis to locate Jake and find out exactly how the con was engineered, to stop such a thing from ever happening again. Travis takes Jake to an abandoned lot and forces him to explain the entire story. A furious Lily takes out a gun and kills Jake. Travis demands that he and Lily both disappear immediately. Minutes later, Butan arrives in a car and Jake sits up from a pool of blood, unharmed. The final parts of the con are revealed. Lily\'s "quitting" was faked -- a set-up to confuse Lupus. Butan is actually an old confidant of Jake\'s. He managed to "confiscate" the money and arrest The King at the same time. Butan has the money and it\'s split five ways. Jake was wearing squibs to fake his own death in the lot. In the end, everyone was in on everything except for The King and Lupus , Price and Travis , and the two corrupt LAPD detectives, who have been arrested. The four grifters reunite and celebrate.'] ['Jack Grimaldi, a corrupt cop who does favors for the Mafia in exchange for large fees, has a loving wife, Natalie, and an adoring mistress, Sheri. He thinks he has it all, until both the cops and mob are outwitted by a sociopathic Russian mob assassin named Mona Demarkov. The head of the Italian mob, Don Falcone, orders Jack to deal with Demarkov or face dire consequences. Jack is unable to kill her; she even seduces and makes a fool of him. Falcone, disappointed in Jack\'s ineptitude, orders one of Jack\'s toes cut off. Seriously injured due to the amputation and realizing that he has endangered his wife and mistress, Jack instructs his wife to leave the city immediately, giving her money and instructions where to meet him out West when the time is right. Jack also ends his affair with his mistress and puts her on a train out of the city. Jack tries to hunt Demarkov but soon realizes that he is putty in her hands. He is attracted to her sexually and no match for her professionally. Mona offers to pay Jack to help her eliminate Falcone and fake her own death. Although he obtains phony papers for her, she refuses to pay and attempts to strangle him. He shoots and seriously wounds her, then tries to drive away with her handcuffed in the back seat. Mona escapes by hooking her legs around his neck, causing him to crash the car. She slithers out through the shattered windshield without ever freeing her hands. Mona lures Jack to an abandoned warehouse. He again attempts to kill her but is tricked into shooting Sheri instead. Mona fixes the corpse so as to suggest that it was she, and not Sheri, who died.  Mona then handcuffs Jack to the bed and has her way with him. Asking Jack, "with or without", he replies "without" and she mounts him after unbuckling her new prosthetic arm, her last concession to conventional appearances. Demarkov then forces Jack to kill Don Falcone, burying him alive, even after having her arm replaced with a prosthetic. She proceeds to turn in Jack to the police, his former associates, copping a plea deal that will indict Jack for the multiple murders that she tricked him into committing. The police arrange a confrontation between Jack and Demarkov at the courthouse, as he is heading in and she is heading out. She threatens to kill his wife. Thinking he has nothing to lose, and desperate to save the only thing good in his life, Jack grabs a gun from the ankle holster of a fellow officer and shoots her down. Jack turns the gun on himself, only to discover that the revolver is empty. Instead of being sent to prison for the murder, he is given a commendation. This frees him to begin a new life out West in a remote town. He waits at the appointed time and place, imagining Natalie\'s return to him, but her forgiveness is only in his mind.'] ['Johan "JW" Westlund is a man living in Stockholm and is a promising student at the Stockholm School of Economics. JW is originally from the Norrland region in Sweden where his father, who has a slight drinking problem, works in a saw mill, while his mother works in a jobs agency. JW is racked by the disappearance of his sister, Camilla, four years earlier. JW feigns the appearance of a "Stekare" , actually leading a double life driving taxi illegally to finance his expensive life on Stureplan. A romance with the upper class girl Sophie leads to him being enticed into the world of organized crime. Abdulkarim, who is running the taxi business, offers JW a job in helping him start his cocaine business. Jorge Salinas Barrio is a Chilean man who went to prison after being caught in the drug business. He has now escaped and is on the run from the police. Jorge knows everything about cocaine. He has a plan: to revenge those who snitched on him, among them Yugoslavian mafia boss Radovan Kranjic, and to make one final cocaine delivery and then leave the country for good. Mrado Slovovic, a hitman who runs errands for the Yugoslavian mafia, is sent by Radovan on a mission to take care of Jorge. At the same time has to struggle with taking care of his eight-year-old daughter, who he is forced to take with him on his job because the mother has a drug addiction. These three characters cross paths through their dreams about quick earnings. Once JW and Abdulkarim have the cocaine sales going, they want to expand. Abdulkarim has heard that Jorge, who has escaped from prison by this time, has learned everything about the cocaine business while in prison. Simultaneously, Jorge has tried to blackmail Radovan, the Yugoslavian mafia boss. Mrado is tasked by Radovan to kill Jorge to prevent him from helping any of Radovan\'s competitors. Meanwhile, JW is promised 20,000 SEK if he can bring Jorge back to Abdulkarim alive. After noticing Mrado following Jorge, JW tails both of them, losing sight of Jorge when he gets on a bus. JW fortuitously finds them when he notices the car he saw Mrado drive away in standing in a forest clearing. When he enters the forest, he finds Mrado and one of Radovan\'s henchmen savagely beating Jorge. JW sets off the car alarm of the Serbian attackers to distract them. Meanwhile, Jorge hides from his attackers, who then travel further into the forest to find him. JW approaches a badly wounded Jorge and takes him back to his dormitory. Abdulkarim visits JW and Jorge and helps Jorge recuperate. Though hesitant about keeping Jorge in his dorm room, JW relents when Abdulkarim offers him 1000 SEK for every day Jorge stays. As Jorge recuperates, he learns more about Jaw and the two become friends. At one of the jetsetter parties, JW falls for Sophie , the on and off girlfriend of jet-setter Carl. JW learns that Carl\'s father\'s investment bank is in serious financial trouble and Carl may not be able to afford the extravagant "Stekare" lifestyle. This becomes important when Abdulkarim asks JW to figure out how they can launder the 20,000,000 SEK profit they will eventually earn. JW proposes that they bustoppers of Carl\'s father\'s failing bank, giving it a stimulus that would not only save the business but immediately increase the price of the shares, making it more profitable. JW acts as the front man for Abdulkarim\'s cocaine syndicate as they attempt to purchase the bank. Though Carl\'s father has reservations, he eventually relents and accepts the deal. Soon after, JW and the drug syndicate visit Jorge\'s drug dealer friends in Germany. The drug dealers show how they smuggle drugs by inserting drug capsules under the skin of dogs and then letting the incision heal and the hair grow back which takes two months according to the drug dealers. The drug dealers also place drug capsules in the leaves of young cabbage plants and then let the cabbage grow a full size head around the capsule. Abdulkarim\'s syndicate ultimately negotiates for a shipment of 40 kilos of pure cocaine. The drug dealers want the money deposited in a Swiss account. JW immediately raises concerns about that plan, arguing that Switzerland is not that secret anymore and recommends an account in Andorra or Liechtenstein instead. This gains the drug dealer\'s trust and allows the transaction to run smoothly. Later, Jorge advises that JW that he is unlikely to see the money promised by Abdulkarim. JW visits Abdulkarim hideout and while talking with Abdulkarim realizes that what Jorge said was true. Mrado is waiting with his daughter at JW\'s apartment building and offers JW two million for assistance in raiding Abdulkarim\'s drug shipment. JW agrees on the understanding that no one will get hurt. The drugs arrive in an eighteen wheeler full of cabbages. Jorge and Abdulkarim\'s men start repackaging the drugs in a warehouse. Meanwhile, JW assists Mrado and one of Mrado\'s Serbian friends in entering the warehouse. A firefight occurs and one of Abdulkarim\'s men is seriously wounded immediately. JW is shocked by the turn of events. Jorge realizes that JW has double crossed them. Meanwhile, jet-set Carl\'s father has phoned the police to report the drug delivery. JW grabs a weapon and holds off the Serbians as the police arrive and a firefight breaks out. JW and Jorge escape to the rooftop and eventually get to a car. Mrado\'s friend is seriously wounded, but intends to hold off the others so that Mrado can escape. As Mrado runs from an alley, he is hit and seriously injured by the car with Jorge and JW in it. JW, the least injured of the three, is angry with Mrado who had promised that no one would ge hurt. JW shoots Mrado. JW then fires shots at the policemen closing in, thereby allowing Jorge to escape in the car. JW then surrenders to the police. Mrado is taken away by ambulance and calls his daughter on the way to the hospital. Jorge drives off into a forest and is last seen running through a field similar to the field that he ran through after escaping from prison. The movie ends with JW in prison with tattoos of "JW" and "Camilla" on his arms. He is visited by Sophie who still cares deeply for JW, but she is leaving Sweden to stay at her parent\'s house in France. She asks JW if he cares for her. She appears to be willing to wait for JW to finish his prison sentence. JW appears to care for Sophie, but says nothing. As Sophie leaves, she relays a message from Jorge who says that Paola had a baby girl. JW says that if Jorge calls again, tell him that "The Mathematician says Hello."'] ['In 1846, in Lower Manhattan\'s Five Points, a territorial war between the "Natives"  and recently arrived Irish Catholic immigrants, is coming to a head in Paradise Square. The Natives are led by "Bill the Butcher" Cutting , a Protestant nativist. The leader of the Irish gang, the Dead Rabbits, is known as "Priest" Vallon . The gangs meet in a bloody battle, concluding when Bill kills Vallon, which Vallon\'s son Amsterdam  witnesses. Cutting declares the Dead Rabbits outlawed and orders Vallon\'s body be buried with honor. Amsterdam seizes the knife used to kill his father, races off, and buries it. He is found and taken to the orphanage at Hellgate. In September 1862, Amsterdam  returns to New York. Arriving in Five Points, he reunites with an old friend, Johnny Sirocco , who introduces Amsterdam to Bill the Butcher. Amsterdam finds many of his father\'s old loyalists are now under Bill\'s control, including Happy Jack Mulraney , a corrupt city constable, and McGloin , now one of Bill\'s lieutenants. Amsterdam works his way into Bill\'s inner circle, and learns that each year, on the anniversary of the Five Points battle , Bill leads the city in saluting the victory over the Dead Rabbits. He makes plans to kill Bill during this ceremony, in order to exact public revenge. Amsterdam meets Jenny Everdeane , a very successful and discreet pickpocket and grifter, to whom he is attracted. His interest is dampened when he discovers she was once Bill\'s ward and still enjoys Bill\'s affections. Amsterdam becomes involved in the semi-criminal empire of Boss Tweed , the leader of Tammany Hall. During a performance of Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, Amsterdam thwarts an assassination attempt that leaves Bill wounded. Amsterdam realizes he acted more out of honest devotion to Bill than from his own plan of revenge. Both retire to a brothel, where Jenny nurses Bill. Amsterdam confronts Jenny over Bill, and they have an argument that dissolves into lovemaking. Late that night, Amsterdam wakes to find Bill sitting by his bed in a rocking chair, draped in a tattered American flag. Bill says "Priest" Vallon was the last enemy he ever fought who was worthy of real respect, and "Priest" once beat Bill soundly and then let him live in shame rather than kill him. Bill credits the incident with giving him strength of will and character to return and fight for his own authority. Bill admits he has come to look upon Amsterdam as the son he never had. The evening of the ceremony arrives. Johnny reveals Amsterdam\'s identity and his plot to kill Bill. During a knife-throwing act involving Jenny, Bill baits Amsterdam when he throws the knife to leave a superficial cut on her throat. Amsterdam throws a knife at Bill, which Bill deflects, and counters with a knife throw of his own, hitting Amsterdam in the abdomen. Bill then repeatedly beats him as the crowd cheers. Bill proclaims he will let Amsterdam live as "[a] freak, worthy of Barnum\'s museum of wonders". Afterwards, in hiding, Jenny nurses Amsterdam back to health, and implores him to leave New York. They are visited by "Monk" McGinn , who was a mercenary for Vallon in the battle of the Five Points. He gives Amsterdam a straight razor that belonged to Vallon. Amsterdam places a dead rabbit on a fence in Paradise Square. The rabbit finds its way to Bill, who sends Happy Jack to find out who sent the message. Amsterdam ambushes Jack in the catacombs, strangles him, and hangs his body in Paradise Square. In retaliation, Bill has Johnny beaten nearly to death and run through with an iron pike. When McGloin goes to pray at a Catholic church, and sees Amsterdam\'s friend, Jimmy Spoils , he objects to letting a "nigger" in the church. Amsterdam and his friends respond by beating McGloin. The Nativists march to the Catholic Church, where the Irish stand on the steps in defense. Bill promises to return when they are ready. "Boss" Tweed approaches Amsterdam with a plan to defeat Bill: Tweed will back the candidacy of "Monk" McGinn for sheriff in return for the Irish vote. On election day, Bill and Amsterdam force people to the polls, some of them several times, with the result that "Monk" wins by more votes than there are voters. Bill confronts "Monk", who does not respond to Bill\'s challenge, suggesting they discuss the matter democratically. Bill then throws a meat cleaver into "Monk\'s" back and kills him with his own shillelagh. During "Monk\'s" funeral, Amsterdam issues a traditional challenge to fight, which Bill accepts. The New York City draft riots break out, and many upper-class citizens and African-Americans are attacked by the rioters. Union soldiers enter the city to put down the riots. As the gangs meet, they are hit by shells from naval ships in the harbor firing directly into Paradise Square. Many are killed, and an enormous cloud of dust and debris covers the area. Union soldiers then fire into the square, killing numerous people, including McGloin. Amsterdam and Bill exchange blows in the haze, then are thrown to the ground by another shell blast. When the smoke clears, Bill discovers he has been hit by a piece of shrapnel. He declares, "Thank God, I die a true American.". Amsterdam stabs him, and Bill dies with his hand locked in Amsterdam\'s. Bill is buried in Brooklyn, in view of the smoke-filled Manhattan skyline, next to the grave of "Priest" Vallon. Amsterdam narrates New York would be rebuilt, but they are no longer remembered, as if "we were never here". The scene then shifts, as modern New York City is built, from the Brooklyn Bridge to the Empire State Building to the World Trade Center, and the graves of Bill and "Priest" gradually deteriorate.'] ['Many years ago, a young Dean is playing in a mob-run illegal underground poker game. The game is raided by robbers who order everyone to put up their hands. The Dean reluctantly does so, revealing the card he\'s concealed. Incensed, a fellow player grabs a gun and starts shooting, setting off a firefight that kills everyone in the club except the Dean and one of the mobsters. The two men point their guns at each others\' heads. In present day, Tiffany  and Charlie , two of the three small-time hustlers, run a scam involving a phony diamond ring. The pettiness of the scam  indicates the usual level at which they operate. Later at a Los Angeles club, Charlie and Tiffany meet up with Larry Jennings  as he\'s taking down an underground poker game. They discuss a partnership to work a "soft game" with a potential profit of $10,000-$20,000. As Charlie and Larry talk, Tiffany is harassed at the bar by a guy trying to pick her up. Larry tentatively agrees to continue talking pending his meeting the third member of the group. In a short flashback, that third member, Vernon , a card mechanic, is working as a Las Vegas blackjack dealer. Working with a small crew, he switches out the contents of a six deck shoe and they take the casino for $40,000. As Vernon and Charlie wait for Larry at another bar, Scarne , a corrupt cop, shakes them down and empties Vernon\'s wallet. Vernon saves the bulk of his bankroll because it\'s stashed in his boot. Larry arrives shortly after Scarne leaves and after a demonstration of Vernon\'s card-handling skills agrees to team with them. The plan is for Larry to take down large pots on Vernon\'s crooked deals. In a flashback branching off from Charlie and Tiffany\'s discussing setting up Larry, Tiffany picks up the guy who\'d bothered her earlier and takes him to a warehouse, ostensibly for a bondage scene. After he\'s bound, Tiffany lets in a surgical team to harvest his kidney for black market transplant. Charlie and Larry head into a house for the game; Vernon is already there. Larry gets impatient with the slow action and, on his own deal, gets over $100,000 in the pot heads up with four 10s. He loses to four Jacks. Unfortunately for him, the money he bet doesn\'t belong to him. It belongs to a mobster named Malini , who sends two of his enforcers, Marlo  and Nate , to retrieve him. They take him to the house, which has been stripped bare. Everyone at the game was in on the con. The enforcers take Larry to an airport and under cover of the jet noise, kill him. Returning to the scene from many years ago, as Charlie tells the story. Dean and the mobster agree to cut cards for the money. The mobster cuts a King and Dean cuts the Ace of spades. The mobster goes for his gun but Dean gets to his first, shooting the mobster and splashing the Ace with his blood. The three speculate that the story is an urban legend. At Eve\'s upscale bar and restaurant, the Dean  and Eve , his former partner, reminisce. The Dean is considering retiring. Intercut with this scene, Charlie, Vernon and Tiffany talk about taking the Dean down at a game with a $250,000 buy-in and total stakes of at least $2,000,000. Following this conversation and Vernon\'s departure, it\'s revealed that Vernon and Tiffany had been lovers until Vernon left and Tiffany slept with Charlie. The next day, Malini\'s enforcers track down Charlie to a restaurant and Marlo demands the return of Marini\'s money. Charlie agrees to pay back $100,000 but instead Nate pulls a gun and opens fire. In the ensuing firefight Nate kills the bartender and Tiffany arrives in time to kill Nate, but not Marlo, who escapes. Charlie, Vernon and Tiffany run away and prior to the game they hide out at the Magic Castle. There they encounter The Professor , Vernon\'s former mentor before Charlie lured him into a life on the grift. The Professor counsels him to be careful, noting that he\'s known most of the best mechanics but he\'s never known a retired one. Meanwhile, Scarne, a vice squad detective, intrudes into the murder scene, where an unnamed detective has been assigned to the murders at the restaurant. The witness descriptions are of two men and a woman leaving the scene and he realizes that the three are involved. Later that night the three arrive at the Hollywood Roosevelt Hotel for the game, where they discover that the host is the gangster Malini. They meet the other players, including the Dean. One by one, Vernon and the Dean bust the other players until they\'re heads up and they decide to play five card stud for the rest of the game. Eve arrives, and they take a break. Eve and the Dean talk privately about the difficulty he\'s having trying to bust Vernon. The three grifters talk amongst themselves about the trouble Vernon is having getting the Dean to bite when Vernon makes plays at him and Tiffany speculates that the cards are marked. The three grab some cards and head to another room, where Vernon discovers that the Dean is using a "juice deck," a deck marked in such a way as to be readable when one\'s eyes are unfocused. They return to the game prepared to use the deck against the Dean. In the climactic final hand of the game, Vernon mucks a card and deals the hand. He deals the Dean two pair, Kings and Queens , and himself a pair of Jacks with a 7 in the hole for the Dean to see. The Dean goes all in, leaving Vernon $50,000 short. Charlie and Tiffany make up the shortfall and Vernon calls the bet. Before the cards are turned up, Scarne arrives at the hotel and Marlo enters the room. Identifying the three as the team who took off Larry, Malini\'s muscle pull their guns and Tiffany pulls hers, then Scarne enters with his gun drawn. The Dean insists that the hand be completed and Vernon swaps out his hole card 7 for a third Jack, which would beat the two pair he\'d dealt the Dean. The room is stunned when the Dean turns up a third Queen to take the hand and a $2,000,000 pot. Malini, dismissing Larry as an "idiot," tells the three they can leave but advises them to stay out of the Los Angeles rackets. Scarne departs. The Dean and Eve leave with his winnings, but not before the Dean offers Vernon a last piece of advice: "Always re-check your hole cards. Hell, I was mucking cards before you were born." Charlie splits up the partnership with Vernon and  also with Tiffany. Vernon is sitting alone in a diner. The Dean, Eve and Scarne enter. The game with The Dean was all an elaborate set up by the four of them to take off Charlie and Tiffany. They split the take and part, the Dean and Eve leaving together. The Dean pauses to flip the blood-stained Ace of spades to Vernon.'] ['Jonny  is working as a courier and becoming increasingly dissatisfied with his life. He asks long-running school friend Jude  to help him into the North London criminal gang run by his uncle Ray . As Jonny gets more involved in the image of the criminal world, he starts making mistakes and through a mutual dislike for rival gangster Matthew  inadvertently starts a war with the South London mob, headed up by Sean .'] ['Chi-sung, a gangster, is sent to prison for seven years after stabbing a man on orders from his boss. But his boss betrays him and tries to have him killed, though the attempt is unsuccessful and Chi-sung manages to escape. His childhood friend Joo-joong is given the task of tracking him down, forcing him to choose between his friendship and loyalty to his gang.'] ['Bumbling parking valets Nong  and Teng  are assigned by their gangster boss  to deliver a valuable Chinese statuette to another gangster boss Hia See . During the journey, they decide to take a side trip and what should have been a simple job turns into a major fiasco with a police chase led by Lt Namtarn .'] ['Infernal Affairs focuses on a police officer named Chan Wing-yan , who goes undercover into a triad, and triad member Lau Kin-ming , who infiltrates the police department. Each mole was planted by the rival organisation to gain an advantage in intelligence over the other side. The more the moles become involved in their undercover lives, the more issues they have to cope with. The prologue opens with the introduction of triad boss Hon Sam , who sends a number of young gangsters to the police academy as moles, among whom include a young Lau . Concurrently, a young Chan  joins the police force but is expelled from the academy even though he manages to impress Superintendent Wong Chi-shing and Principal Yip. In reality, Chan has become an undercover agent reporting directly only to Wong and Yip. Over time, Chan experiences great stress from work while Lau quickly rises through the ranks in the police department. The film begins with a meeting between Chan and Lau in a hi-fi store without either of them knowing the other\'s identity. Soon after, Chan attends the funeral of Yip, who had died recently, leaving Wong as the only person who can identify Chan as a cop. Wong and his team interrupt a deal between Hon Sam and a Thai cocaine dealer after receiving a tip-off from Chan using Morse code, but Lau alerted Hon, giving Hon enough time to order his minions to dispose of the cocaine, eliminating solid evidence of the drug deal. After the incident, Wong and Hon are both aware that they each have a mole within their respective organisations, placing them in a race against time to root out the other mole. Later, Chan sees Hon conversing with Lau at a cinema but does not see Lau\'s face clearly. He attempts to follow Lau secretly as they leave, but loses his target when his phone rings suddenly at the crucial moment. By this time, both Chan and Lau are struggling with their double identities – Chan starts losing faith in himself as a cop after being a gangster for ten years; Lau becomes more accustomed to the life of a police officer and he wants to erase his criminal background. When Chan meets Wong again on the same rooftop, Wong intends to pull Chan out of undercover work for fear of his safety. They are unaware that Lau has his subordinate, CIB Inspector B, and his team tracking him. Meanwhile, Hon sends Tsui Wai-keung, Del Piero, and a gang of henchmen to confront them after receiving intel from Lau. Inspector B informs Lau and sends an OCTB squad to save Wong. Chan flees from the building using a crane while Wong sacrifices himself to save Chan by distracting the thugs. Wong is recognised by the gangsters, who beat him up severely before throwing him off the roof. As the police close in, a shootout breaks out, resulting in three gangsters being killed, one of whom is Piero. In the aftermath of the gunfight, the OCTB squad arrives with Lau and Wong\'s second-in-command, Inspector Cheung, on the scene. Lau retrieves Wong\'s cellphone and contacts Chan, with both of them reaching an agreement to foil a drug deal by Hon. The plan succeeds and many of Hon\'s men are arrested, while Lau betrays Hon and kills him. Everything seems to have returned to normal – Chan can revert to his true identity as a cop, while Lau has erased his criminal connections by eliminating Hon\'s triad. However, back at the police station, Chan discovers that Lau was the mole and he leaves immediately. Lau, realising what has happened, erases Chan\'s records as a cop from the police database. Chan spends an evening with his therapist Lee , with whom he has fallen in love. He sends to Lau a compact disc with a recording that Hon kept between himself and Lau, but the disc is inadvertently intercepted by Lau\'s girlfriend Mary . Chan and Lau meet on the same rooftop where Wong was killed earlier. Chan disarms Lau without resistance and holds his Glock 17 to Lau\'s head, as a rebuke to Lau\'s plea for forgiveness and request to remain as a cop. Inspector B arrives on the scene shortly and orders Chan to release Lau. Chan holds Lau as a hostage at gunpoint and backs into an elevator, but upon moving his head from behind Lau he is suddenly shot in the head by Inspector B. Inspector B then reveals to Lau that he is also a mole planted by Hon. As they take the elevator down to the lobby, Lau kills B, most likely out of his desire to eradicate traces of his past and become a "good guy" cop and end the hunt for a mole. The original ending climaxes with Lau identifying himself to the police as one of them. Dr. Lee Sum-yee discovers Yip\'s records at the academy, revealing Chan as the undercover officer; B is blamed of being the mole and the case is closed. Lau salutes Chan at his funeral, with Cheung and Lee present as well. A flashback reaffirms the point that Lau wished he had taken a different route in life. In Mainland China, an alternate ending for the film was created. In this ending, Lau exits the elevator and is informed by Cheung that the police have found evidence that he was a mole. Lau hands them his badge and is arrested without protest. The sequel, Infernal Affairs III, uses the original ending instead of the alternate one.'] ['The film, about a kidnapped heiress who falls in love with her abductor, caused enormous controversy on its release, because of the high levels of violence that had gotten past the film censors. Though made with a largely British cast, it was set in New York, with the actors often struggling with their American accents.Motion Picture Exhibitor review; March 14, 1951, page 3042'] ['Matty Demaret  is the son of a mob boss, but he is used as little more than an errand boy. His relative and friend Chris  shares this urge to be part of something bigger, and Matty finally convinces his father to give him a job, with the help of his father\'s right-hand man Teddy . Matty and Chris get their friend Johnny Marbles  to fly up to retrieve a bag full of money for Matty\'s father Benny "Chains" Demaret , as there have been mysterious shortages in their money lately. On the way back with the cash, Marbles stops in a small Montana town to refuel his personal plane. He has been instructed to guard the bag with his life so he takes the bag with him as he goes to pay for the fuel. However, Marbles sees the sheriff & his deputy and is paranoid that they may question him about the bag\'s contents. Marbles is also in possession of cocaine which he dumps on the runway. He drops the bag amongst a pile of luggage waiting to be loaded onto another flight, and despite telling the cashier to keep the change, the other flight takes off before he can retrieve his bag. Unknown to him, the bag of money was taken by two local teenage pothead skateboarders who work as baggage handlers at the airport. He calls Matty and tells him the news. Matty, though upset, knows that he must fix the situation quickly and quietly if he ever wants to work for his father. Matty, Chris, and their friend Taylor  fly to the small town of Wibaux, Montana to help Marbles search for the missing money. While in town, Matty and the other guys attract the attention of two local law-enforcement officers  who find out about the money and want to keep it for themselves. The mob guys then try to negotiate with the officers to get the money back but are turned away. Matty calls Teddy and Teddy arrives in Wibaux with two other mob henchmen. Chris decides to leave for home and disappears. Marbles hangs around in a bar with the two mob henchmen who secretly hate him, while Taylor and Matty wait in their hotel for word from the Sheriff. After taking him outside in a friendly manner, the two mob men throw Marbles to the ground and ask about the whereabouts of the other three. Marbles tells them he doesn\'t know and one of the men shoots him several times and puts his body in a trunk. Later that night, a deal is arranged for the Sheriff and Deputy to meet Matty and Taylor in a warehouse. When they arrive, the lawmen are planning to kill Matty and the others and keep the money, but Teddy and the two mob men show up when Matty and Taylor do and the entire thing turns into a Mexican standoff. Chris arrives and shoots the Sheriff\'s cousin who came to help the Sheriff, and Matty and Taylor inquire about Marbles. Chris says that he thought he was with them. Teddy gives a signal to the two henchmen and they all fire on Chris who is killed. The Sheriff and Deputy, in the chaos, shoot the two mob men. Taylor then kills both of the lawmen. As Teddy prepares to shoot Matty, Taylor is shot instead in the arm when about to defend his friend from the bullet. Teddy\'s gun is out and Matty holds him at gunpoint. Matty says that it is Teddy that has been stealing and causing shortages from his father all along. Teddy tries to reload and shoot Matty claiming that Matty doesn\'t have the guts to shoot him. Teddy turns around and attempts to shoot Matty but Matty quickly shoots Teddy in the chest, killing him. Matty and Taylor get the money and return home. Matty hands the bag of money to his father and quits the family business.'] ['Veronica Guerin  is a feisty crime reporter for the Sunday Independent. Suddenly aware of how much Dublin\'s illegal drug trade is encroaching upon the lives of its working class citizens, especially the children, she becomes determined to expose the men responsible for its spread. Guerin begins by interviewing the pre-pubescent addicts who shoot up on the street or in abandoned buildings in the housing estates. Her investigation leads her to major suppliers and John Traynor  , a notable source of information about the criminal underworld. Traynor is willing to assist her to an extent but is not above misleading her in order to protect himself from nefarious drug lord John Gilligan . In order to steer her away from Gilligan, Traynor suggests Gerry Hutch , a criminal known as The Monk, is in charge of the operation. Guerin pursues him with a vengeance, only to discover he is not involved. As Guerin\'s investigation deepens and she comes closer to the truth, she and her family become targets. When a bullet fired through a window in her home as a warning fails to stop her, she is shot in the leg and the life of her young son Cathal  is threatened. Her husband Graham , mother Bernie , and brother Jimmy  implore her to stop, but when Guerin confronts Gilligan at his home and he savagely beats her, she becomes more determined to expose him for who he is. Rather than press charges against him, which would necessitate her removal from the story, she forges ahead with her investigation. On 26 June 1996, Guerin appears in court to respond to an accumulation of parking tickets and numerous penalties for speeding that she has ignored. She is given a nominal fine of IR£100, but while en route home she calls her mother and then her husband to report the good news. She is speaking to her office while stopped at traffic lights on red on the Naas Dual Carriageway when a motorcycle with two men on it pulls up beside her. The driver breaks the window of her car and then shoots her six times. The two flee and dispose of the bike and the gun in a nearby river. Guerin is mourned by her family, friends, associates and the country at large. Her violent death results in the establishment of the Criminal Assets Bureau and Gilligan together with several of his henchmen are tried and sentenced to lengthy gaol terms. In an epilogue, we learn that "Veronica Guerin\'s writing turned the tide in the drug war. Her murder galvanised Ireland into action. Thousands of people took to the streets in weekly anti-drug marches, which drove the dealers out of Dublin and forced the drug barons underground. Within a week of her death, in an emergency session of the Parliament, the Government altered the Constitution of the Republic of Ireland to allow the High Court to freeze the assets of suspected drug barons.'] ["In the wake of a banking crisis, four middle class friends throw a 'white glove' hold up, only to find out that their bank has already gone bankrupt."] ["The film begins with a small IRA team, including Martin Fallon  and Liam Docherty , watching as two British Army Land Rovers approach the roadside bomb they have set for them. At the last minute, a school bus overtakes the army vehicles and detonates the bomb as it passes, killing the children. After most of the team escape the scene pursued by the soldiers, Fallon travels to London in a bid to escape the past. In London, he is approached by a contact who asks him to take on one last job on behalf of local gangster Jack Meehan  and his brother Billy Meehan . They offer Fallon money, a passport and passage to the US if he kills a rival gangster. Initially reluctant, he nonetheless takes on the job. However, as he is carrying out the hit in a graveyard, he is seen and confronted by the local Catholic priest, Father Michael Da Costa . The confrontation is watched from a distance by Billy Meehan, who tells his brother there is a witness to the killing. Fallon visits the church and confesses to the priest in a bid to ensure his silence; he also meets and finds himself becoming attracted to the priest's blind niece Anna , who lives at the church along with her uncle. Meehan, however, insists that Fallon must kill the priest too and tells Fallon he will not be paid until the loose end is tied up. Fallon now finds himself targeted by both the Meehans and the IRA, who see him as a security risk following his disappearance, and send Docherty and another member, Siobhan Donovan , to London to persuade him to return to Ireland. Billy Meehan eventually decides to take matters in his own hands and goes to the church looking for Fallon, but Anna kills him in a struggle when he attacks her after finding her alone in the church house. Fallon meanwhile manages to outwit a group of Meehan's men who had been assigned to kill him after tricking him aboard a boat he was assured would be taking him to the US. Returning to the church, Fallon finds Jack Meehan with a bomb he intends to use to kill the priest and his niece but which will be blamed on Fallon and his IRA connections. After a struggle, Anna and Michael escape, but the bomb goes off killing Meehan and leaving Fallon fatally injured. In his dying moments, Fallon confesses his past to the priest, who grants him absolution. Fallon dies in peace."] ['Small-time criminals Caesar Enrico "Rico" Bandello  and his friend Joe Massara  move to Chicago to seek their fortunes. Rico joins the gang of Sam Vettori ([[Stanley Fields , while Joe wants to be a dancer. Olga  becomes his dance partner and girlfriend. Joe tries to drift away from the gang and its activities, but Rico makes him participate in the robbery of the nightclub where he works. Despite orders from underworld overlord "Big Boy"  to all his men to avoid bloodshed, Rico guns down crusading crime commissioner Alvin McClure during the robbery, with Joe as an aghast witness. Rico accuses Sam of becoming soft and seizes control of his organization. Rival boss "Little Arnie" Storch  tries to have Rico killed, but Rico is only grazed. He and his gunmen pay Little Arnie a visit, after which Arnie hastily departs for Detroit. The Big Boy eventually gives Rico control of all of Chicago\'s Northside. Rico becomes concerned that Joe knows too much about him. He warns Joe that he must forget about Olga and join him in a life of crime. Rico threatens to kill both Joe and Olga unless he accedes, but Joe refuses to give in. Olga calls Police Sergeant Flaherty and tells him Joe is ready to talk, just before Rico and his henchman Otero  come calling. Rico finds, to his surprise, that he is unable to take his friend\'s life. When Otero tries to do the job himself, Rico wrestles the gun away from him, though not before Joe is wounded. Hearing the shot, Flaherty and another cop give chase and kill Otero. With the information provided by Joe, Flaherty proceeds to crush Rico\'s organization. Desperate and alone, Rico retreats to the gutter from which he sprang. While hiding in a flophouse, he becomes enraged when he learns that Flaherty has called him a coward in the newspaper. He foolishly telephones the cop to announce he is coming for him. The call is traced, and he is gunned down behind a billboard by Flaherty. Ironically, the billboard shows an advertisement featuring dancers Joe and Olga.'] ['Tom Reagan  is the long-time confidant of Leo O\'Bannon , an Irish American political boss who runs a Prohibition-era city. When Leo\'s Italian up-and-coming rival Johnny Caspar  announces his intentions to kill bookie Bernie Bernbaum , Leo goes against Tom\'s advice and extends his protection to Bernie. Bernie is the brother of Verna Bernbaum , an opportunistic gun moll who has begun a relationship with Leo while having a long-term secret affair with Tom. Leo and Caspar go to war as a consequence. Tom tries everything he can to convince Leo to give Bernie up to Caspar to end the war; he attempts to convince Leo that Verna is playing him to protect her brother, but Leo will not be swayed. After an assassination attempt on Leo, Tom reveals his affair with Verna to Leo to prove that she is dishonest, causing Leo to beat Tom up and turn his back on both. Tom then appears to change sides and goes to work for the ascendant Caspar. He is immediately commanded to kill Bernie at Miller\'s Crossing to prove his loyalty. Bernie pleads with Tom to spare him, and Tom allows him to escape. The war goes well for Caspar and he assumes Leo\'s position as boss of the city. However, Tom begins sowing discord between Caspar and his most trusted enforcer, Eddie Dane . At the same time, Bernie returns and tries to blackmail Tom into killing Caspar. Tom\'s machinations convince Caspar to kill Eddie Dane. Tom then arranges a meeting with Bernie, but sends Caspar instead. Bernie gets the jump on Caspar and kills him. Tom arrives and tricks Bernie into giving up his gun, saying they could blame Eddie Dane, then reveals his intention to kill Bernie. Bernie once again begs for mercy, saying "Look into your heart", but Tom shoots him. With Caspar and Eddie Dane dead, Leo resumes his post as top boss. Verna has also won her way back into Leo\'s good graces, but she reacts coldly to Tom. On the day Bernie is being buried, Leo announces that Verna has proposed to him, and offers Tom his old job back. Tom refuses, and he remains behind and watches Leo leave.'] ["The film follows Troy  as he returns to Los Angeles from Miami to meet with his former partners: Al  and Pete , whom Troy betrayed years before. Naturally they are dismayed to see him and call their boss, infamous crime syndicate leader Dmitri  to inform them that Troy has returned. The three of them, along with Troy's former love Jessie  attempt to exact their revenge, while Troy tries to convince them that he is not the man he was before. He also has a brand new and devious plan for his former partners to get involved in."] ["Korean gangster Han Ki-Chul  is put in charge by his Big Boss of looking after Lim Aryong  who comes from Hong Kong. They expect Lim Aryong to be some big male gangster but she turns out to be a woman and acts very cold toward him and his associates. Moreover none of them speak her language and she doesn't understand Korean. A translator called Yeon-Hee arrives. She is immature and very scared of the gangsters so at the beginning, instead of translating Aryong's rather rude answers, she changes them to nice ones. Quickly, Aryong shows her fighting skills beating other bosses to save her companions. Ki-Chul and his associates who are rather unskilled, are impressed and become afraid of her while, upon finding that they are actually nice, she's trying to be more friendly. Her efforts are ruined by Yeon-Hee who, taking advantage of Aryoung's aura, 'translates' very threatening sentences. Soon after, they are attacked by professional assassins. They think that they are after Ki-Chul while, as we know from the beginning, they want to kill Aryong who is the daughter of a boss in Hong Kong and is accused of having killed another boss, triggering a gangster war there. They then separate and Aryong and Ki-Chul's car is chased by the assassins but they manage to take refuge in his family. His parents believe that she is his girlfriend and give him a family necklace to give her. The assassins find her again but she overcomes them, especially the woman who really killed the boss. She then goes to meet her mother who is the reason why she chose to hide in Korea, but seeing that she found a new family and is happy, she gives up speaking to her. After that, she leaves Korea despite Ki-Chul's confession, even if she accepts the necklace. In Hong Kong, her father dies from his injuries caused by an explosion decided by the other boss. Even though Ki-Chul comes to support her, she leaves to take revenge. She then fights the other boss's gangsters with success and eventually she faces the boss. After cheating, he was going to shoot her when Ki-Chul arrives, distracting him. The boss shoots Ki-Chul first, allowing Aryong to come close to him and to kill him. Ki-Chul is not dead but is going to leave Hong Kong. Aryong, after becoming the new boss, succeeding her father, is advised by her father's right-hand man not to let him leave, as did her father who let her mother leave and then regretted it all his life. She follows the advice, stopping him on his way to the airport with all her gangsters and proposes to Ki-Chul, the right-hand man making the translation . Ki-Chul accepts it and they hug on the motorway."] ['"Big" Jim Stevens, undisputed boss of the Chicago underworld, gets an unexpected birthday present from his ambitious lieutenant, Guy Gisborne. Instead of a stripper popping out of the cake, Big Jim gets shot by all the guests. With the mob boss out of the way, Gisborne takes over. He orders all the other gangsters in town to pay him protection money, but declares it\'s still "All for One." The news does not sit well with Big Jim\'s friend and fellow gangster, Robbo, and a gangland war breaks out. Robbo recruits pool hustler Little John, who demonstrates his pool skills while singing "A Man Who Loves His Mother," plus quick-draw artist Will and a few other hoods, but they are still greatly outnumbered. In addition, the corrupt Sheriff Octavius Glick is on Gisborne\'s payroll. Gisborne and Robbo come up with the same idea, to destroy the other\'s gambling joint on the same night, with Will enjoying every moment . Big Jim\'s refined, well-educated daughter, Marian, shows up. She asks Robbo to avenge her father\'s death , a request which Robbo flatly refuses. Gisborne disposes of the sheriff. Marian then invites Robbo to dinner and gives him $50,000, thinking that Robbo did as she had asked. Robbo refuses the money, but Marian attempts to seduce him into joining forces to take over the whole town. Robbo turns her down. When she sends the money to his under-repair gambling club, Robbo donates it to a boys\' orphanage. Alan A. Dale, the orphanage\'s director, notifies the newspapers about this good deed. A new Chicago star is born: a gangster who robs from the rich and gives to the poor. Robbo finds it useful to have the public on his side. He invites the delighted Dale to join his gang, having him handle all the charities. Dale starts the Robbo Foundation and opens a string of soup kitchens, free clinics and orphan shelters. He even gives green, feathered hats and bows and arrows to the orphans, while thoroughly milking the Robin Hood image. In the meantime, Robbo and Little John teach Dale a little about "Style." Robbo\'s joint re-opens and it is a hit. Gisborne, whose place is now empty, is infuriated. He and the new sheriff, Potts, organize a police raid. Robbo has anticipated this; when a few switches are pulled, the entire club is disguized as a mission. The sheriff and Gisborne burst in to find Robbo\'s gang singing gospel songs and preaching the sins of alcohol, complete with hymnals and tambourines . Robbo is framed for Glick\'s murder. At the trial, Gisborne and Potts claim that Robbo planned the whole thing. Dale tries to teach the despondent orphans to view this as a lesson . The jury finds Robbo innocent. He thanks them . When he returns to his club, Robbo finds every one of his charities is now a front for counterfeiting. The soup kitchen smuggles fake bills in soup cans over state lines. Robbo also finds Little John living it up in Marian\'s mansion. Marian is willing to keep Robbo as a front, as long as she is in charge. Robbo shows his contempt for her and leaves. Little John decides to go with him. Marian finds another willing partner in Gisborne. However, the gangster is not a match for Robbo and ends up dead. Robbo tells a shocked Marian to clear out of town. She instead turns public opinion against him, starting a Women\'s League for Better Government and framing Robbo for the counterfeiting ring that she and Little John started. Unable to fight an angry mob of women, Robbo and his gang flee. Robbo and his merry men are reduced to working as Santa Clauses to solicit charitable donations. They watch dumbfounded as Marian steps out of a car with her latest partner, Alan A. Dale. He casually gives them money before going off with Marian.'] ['This spin-off movie provides a contrast to the other Young and Dangerous films with greater character development. This time, the story\'s focus is on a female character - Sister 13  of the "Hung Hing" triad. In a triad underworld dominated by men, the film tells the story of how she faces trials and tribulations of rising to become the branch leader of Portland Street. The story shows the reasons she became a lesbian. The film also gives more details about the "Tung Sing" triad, and how the relationship between Sister 13 and Ben Hon develops.'] ["Davey Graham  arrives at an upper class party to sell drugs to a woman named Stella. As he leaves, Stella's date watches him and makes a call on his cell phone. Outside the party, three men are waiting for Davey in a black Range Rover, including a car dealer named Boad . The men follow Davey around London, finally attacking him just as he's headed home. Two of the men drag Davey off the street and into a garage, where they hold him down as Boad rapes him. At dawn, Davey emerges from the garage and stumbles home, where he draws a bath for himself and gets in fully clothed. Several hours later, his friend Mickser  arrives to pick up Davey. He discovers Davey dead in the bathtub, with his throat slashed. Mickser visits Helen  and asks her how to get in touch with Davey's brother Will . She says that she has stopped receiving letters from Will, who left London three years earlier. Will has been working as a logger in the country. He's unshaven with long hair, and he lives out of a van. After he's fired from his job for having no papers, he heads to the sea to take a ferry out of England when he sees Davey in the terminal. After realizing it was a hallucination, he begins calling Davey's flat. Receiving no answer, he returns to London, where he learns that Davey is dead. His return to London stirs up the anxiety of crime boss Frank Turner , who sends word to Will that he should leave town after he buries his brother. Will's old cohorts urge him to return for good, saying that Turner could be overtaken easily. Will makes it clear that he is not interested in returning to his old life. He visits Helen and apologizes for leaving her. He explains that he has been grieving for 'a life wasted', lamenting the fact that Davey also wasted his. Will orders a second post-mortem to try and determine why Davey would kill himself. It reveals that he was raped the night before he died, in addition to the fact that Davey ejaculated during the rape. The coroner explains that it was a result of the anal stimulation, surmising that Davey probably killed himself over the shame he felt after involuntarily ejaculating during the rape. He refers Will to a psychologist who can explain the phenomenon more eloquently. As Will listens to the psychologist explain the mindset of the rapist and the mental damage of a rape victim, he takes his first drink in three years. Mickser visits the woman who hosted the party where Davey made his sale. The hostess remembers seeing the man make a phone call as Davey left, and she tracks down his identity. Will and Mickser visit the man who leads them to Boad. During a dinner party at Boad's house, Will cases the grounds and leaves. Meanwhile, Will's cohorts pull a prank at Turner's house, hogtying one of his bodyguards in a bra and panties. Irate, Turner hires an Irish hitman to retaliate. Will visits a garage and uncovers a vintage Jaguar. He retrieves a suitcase from the trunk and checks into a hotel. The suitcase is full of money and clothes, in addition to a gun. Will has a suit pressed and orders a barber to cut off his long hair and beard. Clean cut and in his suit, he has the Jaguar washed and heads to Boad's house. On his way, he calls Helen and tells her to pack a bag. Turner's hitman is waiting outside her house, though. At Boad's, Will trips the alarm on a car in the garage, drawing Boad out of the house. Will kills his dog and then points his gun at Boad, asking him why he raped Davey. Boad explains that he'd been following Davey for six weeks, fascinated by how fake he was. He hated the way that Davey waltzed through life, conning everyone with good looks and charm. Boad says that he wanted to make Davey realize that he was worthless. Will tells Boad that he will kill him later, because killing him at that moment would be too easy. As he's walking away from the house, he pauses and then returns to the garage and kills Boad. Helen is shown being held hostage by the hitman who is waiting for Will to pick her up. The film ends on an ambiguous note as Will watches a man hitting golf balls into the ocean. It is the same shot and voiceover which open the film. Will speaks about how most thoughts are just memories, and after someone is gone, the memories of him are all that's left. He gets into his car and drives off."] [' Fay Forrester  is an attractive young woman who wants to escape from her abusive boyfriend Vince . She hires Jack Andrews , a second class private investigator, to arrange her "death". She wants to restart her life with a new identity and the money she got from helping Vince commit robberies. Due to Jack\'s financial problems, he joins Fay after her fake death. Unfortunately, Vince finds out that Fay is still alive. The hunt for Jack, Fay and the money begins. {{clear left}}'] ['The film opens with a brief action sequence in which a mobster named Roxy Robinson  is "splurged" by members of a gang, using rapid-fire custard-shooting "splurge guns". Once splurged, a kid is "all washed up" and his career in crime is over—the splurged gangsters are never shown as dead or even unconscious, merely "finished". Speakeasy boss, Fat Sam  introduces himself and Bugsy Malone , a boxing promoter with no money . At Fat Sam\'s speakeasy, there is much dancing and singing , but Fat Sam himself is worried that his rival Dandy Dan  will come to the speakeasy and try to take over. Blousey Brown , an aspiring singer, has come for an audition, but Sam is too distracted. Bugsy meets Blousey when he trips over her luggage. He is smitten, and flirts with her. Suddenly, Fat Sam\'s is raided by Dandy Dan\'s men, who shoot the place up. Dandy Dan\'s men continue to attack Fat Sam\'s empire, eventually taking away rackets and splurging most of Fat Sam\'s gang. Fat Sam learns about the splurge guns when one is dropped and left at the scene of an attack. Fat Sam sends all his available men to see if they can track down the guns; they are trapped at a laundry and all splurged by Dandy Dan\'s gang. Bugsy returns to Fat Sam\'s to try to arrange a new audition for Blousey. He only finds Fat Sam\'s girlfriend, Tallulah , the chanteuse of the speakeasy, who tells him that she likes him. Although Bugsy rejects her flirtation, when Blousey enters, Tallulah plants a big kiss on Bugsy\'s forehead, making Blousey jealous. Blousey has her audition and Fat Sam hires her, but she still refuses to speak to Bugsy  Fat Sam hires Bugsy to come along to a meeting with Dandy Dan. This meeting turns out to be a trap, but Bugsy helps Fat Sam escape. Gratefully, Fat Sam pays him $200. Bugsy and Blousey reconcile, and have a lunch and a romantic outing on a lake. Back in the city, Bugsy promises to buy tickets for them to leave for Hollywood. However, when he returns Sam\'s car to the garage, he is attacked, and his money stolen. Bugsy is saved by Leroy Smith , who punches the attackers; seeing this, Bugsy realizes he has found a potentially great boxer. Bugsy introduces Leroy to Cagey Joe  and helps him begin training . Fat Sam once again enlists Bugsy\'s aid after his assistant Knuckles gets splurged by a splurge gun which Fat Sam invented. Bugsy breaks up the idea with Blousey to leave for Hollywood and helps fat Sam, leaving Blousey in a state of disappointment after finding out . Bugsy and Leroy follow Dandy Dan\'s men to a warehouse, where they discover the guns are being stashed. The two of them can\'t take the place alone, so Bugsy enlists the aid of a large group of down-and-out workers at a soup kitchen . They steal the crates of guns and return with them to Fat Sam\'s just as Dandy Dan\'s gang arrives. Chaos breaks out and everyone is covered in a melee of custard. A pie hits the piano player Razmataz, who falls forward, striking a single bass note with his head. Silence instantly breaks out, and then the cast, now covered in white cream , engages in a final musical number . The characters realise they can all be friends, and Bugsy and Blousey leave for Hollywood.'] ['The story is about two U.S. Treasury agents who go undercover in an attempt to break a counterfeiting ring. The agents try to join the gang by posing as counterfeiters from out of town. They eventually join the gang but the stakes are set even higher when one of the agents is killed by the gang while the other undercover T-man watches in horror.'] ["{{tone}} A political thriller steeped in illegal oil trading, the Russian Mafia, and governmental cover-ups. Christian Slater, Selma Blair, Angie Harmon and Robert Loggia star in a gripping tale of assassination, deception and corruption set in the high-stakes world of corporate investment and international oil trading. With America at war and in the grip of a crippling fuel crisis, Wall Street analyst Tom Hanson  agrees to broker a lucrative deal between a Russian oil cartel and his investment firm's biggest client, led by cold-blooded CEO Jared Tolson . While juggling his growing attraction to newly-hired associate, Abby Gallagher a Harvard graduate who wants to save the world and has an innovative idea for helping those seeking alternative energy sources further their research. The snake pit of Wall Street is the last place she wants to be, but Gordon convinces her that his company can make her alternative energy dream a reality . Tom learns all is not what it seems with the deal. Digging deeper, he and Abby soon find themselves trapped in a dangerous web of treachery and murder that will keep you guessing until the very end."] ['Fact-based story of undercover DEA agent Enrique Camarena  who, while stationed in Guadalajara, uncovered a massive marijuana operation in Northern Mexico that led to his death and a remarkable investigation of corruption within the Mexican government. At least four of the principal actors in Drug Wars: The Camarena Story later starred in the Academy Award-winning film Traffic, a film that also deals with the subject of the ongoing drug trade between the United States and Mexico. In a somewhat interesting reversal of roles, in Drug Wars actors Miguel Ferrer and Steven Bauer both play DEA agents while Benicio del Toro and Eddie Velez play drug traffickers; in Traffic, Ferrer and Bauer both play drug traffickers, while del Toro and Velez play a Mexican federal narcotics agent and a DEA agent.'] ["Subhash Nagre , who is known by his followers as Sarkar, lives in Mumbai. The opening scenes show a rape victim's father  approaching Sarkar for justice  which Sarkar promptly establishes by having the rapist beaten up by his henchmen. His son, Vishnu , plays a foul-mouthed producer who is more interested in the film actress Sapna  than his wife Amrita . Sarkar's other, more upright son, Shankar , returns from the United States with his love Pooja  after completing his education there. Pooja's doubts about Sarkar's image cause Shankar, who firmly believes in his father's righteousness, to break up with her later in the movie. One day, a Dubai-based don, Rasheed ([[Zakir Hussain  tries to strike a deal with Sarkar; he promptly refuses on moral grounds and also forbids him from doing it himself. Rasheed tries to eliminate Sarkar's supremacy with the help of Selvar Mani , Sarkar's former associate and Swami Virendra ([[Jeeva . Meanwhile, they trap Sarkar by assassinating a righteous, upright, Ahimsa political leader and an outspoken critic of Sarkar, Motilal Khurana . Everyone, including Vishnu believe that Sarkar is guilty but Shankar has deep faith in his father. Sarkar gets arrested. Shankar now takes over the position of Sarkar temporarily. On learning of a plot to murder his father in prison, he approaches the police commissioner  who mocks him and his father besides not providing protection. By the time he reaches the prison and appropriate action is taken, the attempt on Sarkar's life is already made. Sarkar is later acquitted. He remains bedridden as Shankar takes on Sarkar's enemies. Meanwhile, Selva Mani, Swami and Rasheed try to convince Vishnu to murder Sarkar. Vishnu was previously thrown out of Sarkar's house because he had murdered the actor who was having an affair with Sapna. Vishnu returns home pretending to have repented. When he approaches Sarkar in the dark of the night with the intent of murdering him, Shankar foils his plan and later kills him . Shankar eliminates Rasheed and Selva Mani. He also succeeds in making Swami his puppet. Shankar has also realized that Chief Minister Madan Rathore  also has a part in the attempt to end Sarkar and his rule. This results in legal action against the Chief Minister. The closing scenes show people approaching Shankar for justice and his father apparently retired.fd"] ['The movie opens to a narration detailing the poor economic state of a gang-ridden Gary. The narrator explains to the audience of how the city came into such a state. After the opening narrative, the scene switches to the base of operations for the Rebels, a local street gang, and a one-on-one basketball game between a Rebel gang member and a local boy named Kenny Thompson. Kenny humiliates the Rebel by winning and taking the gambled winnings for his own. After he leaves, Spyro, the current co-leader of the Rebels  is under the impression that Kenny\'s skills are something more than "something he picked up." He instructs his lieutenant, Kayo, to exact retribution on Kenny for being hustled. While Kenny and his friend Marcus are relaxing at a diner, Kenny decides to call his girlfriend. He enters a phone booth to make the call, but is subsequently shot by Kayo in a drive-by shooting; his mother, Laurie Thompson, alarmed by the gunshots, steps outside her home to discover her son murdered. One of the owners of the grocery store, Marvin Bookman, a well-respected member of the community by both the Rebels and local citizens, feels that justice should be brought to Kenny\'s murderer and discloses the license plate number of the shooter\'s vehicle. When the Rebels discover this, Spyro orders Kayo to dispose of the vehicle. Spyro and Damien then proceed to confront Marvin about his assistance to the investigators of Kenny\'s death; Marvin argues that Kenny was a good person and did not deserve to be shot. The co-leaders of the Rebels describe how they respected the Bookmans\' store and, while others around it were robbed and ransacked, their store was left alone; the fact that Marvin would "sell them out" expresses a high amount of disrespect to the Rebels, who then immediately seek revenge on Marvin. Eventually, Kayo and Bobby, with a group of fellow Rebels, attacks the grocery store, resulting in the near-fatal shooting of Marvin by Bobby. The attack on Marvin\'s life prompts his son, pro football coach and ex-Rebel John Bookman, to return to the impoverished Gary neighborhood to find Bobby the shooter. After seeing his father, John goes to save his father\'s shop and kicked all the Rebels fellows out of there. Then he goes to a local barbershop, where Kayo eventually turns up; trouble immediately brews, and John and the gang members fight. John has the upper hand, but is overpowered. Jake Trevor, another original Rebel, enters the fray and saves John. After the fight, the two converse, and it is revealed that Jake is here to bury his illegitimate son, Kenny Thompson. The next day, John and Jake attend Kenny\'s funeral, where a distraught Laurie Thompson is reunited with her ex-husband. While talking, Laurie implores Jake to reconsider seeking vengeance upon his son\'s murderers, expressing her disdain by stating that he always wishes to resolve such issues by fighting, which "only makes things worse". Jake goes to visit "Slick", who reveals to Jake that his son was killed because he hustled the Rebels; Jake is astounded and enraged that his son was killed over money. After failed treaty negotiations, deception, and the rising of neighborhood gang violence, all of the original Rebels - John Bookman, Laurie, Jake, Slick and Bubba - with the help of Kenny\'s friend Marcus, decide to take justice into their own hands and attack the Rebels. They devise a plan to "lose" a trunk of weapons to the Rebels; when the Rebels tried to use said weapons, the guns malfunctioned and "exploded" in their faces, stunning many Rebels. In another area, Rebels are attempting to escape the battle, but are stopped by a group of community members, armed with bats and other improvised weapons. Eventually, Spyro and Damien fear they may lose the fight, and escape to the old steel mill; Jake and John follow. After an intense hand-to-hand fight between Jake and Spyro, Spyro is killed. After Spyro is taken down, the leader of a rival gang, Blood, along with a few cohorts, shoots a battered Damien; the leadership of the Rebels is destroyed. When Jake and John exit the steel mill, the police arrive; John states how "they always show up late." Jake retorts, "I know what you mean."'] ["{{plot}} In the Bronx borough of New York City, an entire Anglo-Puerto Rican family is marked by the local mob, an unforgiving and brutal crew of mobsters and wise guys. The reason that the family is going to be executed is because the Anglo father, Jack Dawn , has betrayed his employer . Jack is not only skimming hundreds of thousand dollars off the top of his employer's profits , but is also keeping the FBI informed as to the mob's second set of books . Simultaneous with the preceding, Jack is also keeping a third set of books for himself, one small book in particular that details the mob's major sources of illegal profits. The film begins on a very hot day with Jack's young and attractive Puerto Rican wife, Jeri, played by Julie Carmen, returning from the grocery store by bus to their less than desirable apartment building. One of the mob crew's henchmen is in the lobby to monitor her movements, as well as the whereabouts of the rest of her family. The actual hit men have not yet arrived, because they somehow got lost in traffic and took a couple of wrong turns. Otherwise, the deed would have already been done before Jeri arrived home. Like Jack, Jeri Dawn more or less calmly accepts her marked fate, knowing that the mob will track them down no matter where they might run to. However, they want their two children to escape. And Jack wants his six-year old son, Phil, to take the aforementioned book with him, hoping that it will be the bargaining chip that might save his life. Phil's older sister, Joan, refuses to leave with him for some reason. By coincidence, Gloria  comes knocking and looking for her friend, Jeri, to borrow coffee. Gloria is a still curvy and attractive but late-fortyish/early-fiftyish mobster's onetime mistress. She's in the final stages of retiring from her former life, which she plans to finance with money and jewelry that she keeps in a bank's safety deposit box. The hit men arrive down in the lobby, discussing the weather and traffic as if what they are about to do is simply routine business for them. And it is, of course. After all, they have no conscience when it comes to conducting their violent behavior on behalf of their mob bosses. Upstairs in the apartment, Jack and Jeri are frantic to persuade Gloria to take Phil  with her. She refuses and then relents. Before departing , Phil is told by his father, Jack, that he is now the head of the family...the man. While Phil is held in Gloria's apartment, who for the first time copes with the presence of a child, a bunch of gangsters breaks into to the family's apartment and kill them all. Phil tries to escape from the apartment, and when he fails, he lashes out at Gloria with his meager vocabulary, to no avail. Gloria, on the other hand tries to comfort the child facing the impossible situation. Soon she realizes that they cannot stay long in the building and that they need to escape. She packs up her necessary belongings and runs away with Phil to a hotel. The next morning Phil escapes from the hotel, but soon finds out he has nowhere to go and returns a few short moments before Gloria leaves. He confronts her trying to prove his masculine authority, but soon breaks at Gloria's strictness. Down the stairs they discover that a group of gangsters have found their location, and furthermore, that they are Gloria's old time friends. She escapes with Phil from the hotel and tries explaining to him about her past and her relationship to his family's murderers. She adds about her time in jail and that any relation between them could endanger her, but just then the gangsters find them. They give her the choice of turning over Phil with the book, but Gloria starts shooting over them, making the car crash in its escape. As a result of her actions Gloria realizes that the fate of Phil and hers is the same, and that they have to escape from New York. She goes to the bank to withdraw all her savings and plans to catch a train to Pittsburgh. On the bus on the way back she meets one of her former friends from the mafia, who scolds her for her careless behavior. Gloria hurries to get off the bus with Phil and runs away to the outskirts of the city to spend the night in a seedy motel. Entering the bed Phil tries to flirt with Gloria, just like a real man, but she quickly reminds him of the position of each one. The next day Gloria takes Phil to a cemetery to say a proper prayer in memory of his family and sends him to choose a marble to stand in front of. Upon facing his family's death, Phil breaks, says a few short words and returns to Gloria. Back in the city they go to the train station to purchase tickets to Pittsburgh. They sit in a diner to eat breakfast, but few minutes later a bunch of gangsters take a seat next to them and Gloria goes armed to their table with the book to close a deal. The gangsters refuse, saying that the only authority to decide on is by a mob Tenzini and Gloria discharges their pistols, running back to her apartment to spend the night. The next day Gloria includes Phil with her plans to send him away to a boarding school. Offended of her intentions Phil claims that he is an independent grown man who can manage alone and Gloria decides to play by his rules. She leaves him alone but soon filled with guilt and rush back to the streets of the Bronx looking for him. When he's found eventually a group of gangsters takes him into a decrepit prostitute's apartment, but after a short guns fight Gloria extracts him out of there and runs away to Newark New Jersey. The two settle in a hotel room and Gloria comes to the conclusion that the mafia is too strong and there is no telling how far they will pursue them as long as they have book. She includes Phil with her plan to go to the mafia headquarters by herself, trying to deal with them. So she says that in her past she was a girlfriend of one of them, Tony Tenzini, and perhaps their former relations are their last chance. She requires Phil to leave the hotel three hours after she leaves, when if she does not return, it means she's dead. After the meeting is set, Gloria arrives at the prestigious tenement of the mafia. At the elite apartment a group of armed gangsters are waiting for her arrival, but leave her alone when Tony, her former lover arrives. Gloria tries to protect Phil, explaining to Tony about his special nature and calls him the man in her life. Toward the end of the meeting Gloria realizes that her life is in jeopardy, one way or another. She leaves the book fleeing for her life, covering herself by shooting at the armed gangsters. Once he's out of time, Phil escapes with the money Gloria left him and goes to the train station, where he buys a ticket to Pittsburgh. He arrives by himself to the strange city, hires a taxi and asks to go to a nearby cemetery, where he would like to speak with Gloria. In the cemetery, a car suddenly arrives and out comes Gloria covered with blacks and a wig. Phil excited when it turns out that Gloria was able to escape from New York City and the two reunite."] ["Gino is a humble shoe-shiner in Chicago who is contacted by a Mafia don and offered a large sum of money to take the rap for a murder committed by another gangster. Gino agrees, planning to buy a fishing boat with the money he will earn after the three-year sentence. While preparing for his court confession, Gino is watched over by Jerry, a bottom-rung gangster who has recently gotten into trouble for failing to follow orders. After a short and boring stay at a local hotel, Jerry decides to give Gino one last weekend to remember at Lake Tahoe before he goes to prison. After arriving at their casino, Jerry's tall tales and Gino's quiet dignity quickly get Gino mistaken for a wealthy and powerful mafioso, leading to complications for both men."] ['The story begins with Sekiuchi , boss of the Sannokai, a huge organized crime syndicate controlling the entire Kanto region, issuing a stern warning to his lieutenant Kato  and right-hand man Ikemoto , head of the Ikemoto-gumi. Kato orders Ikemoto to bring the unassociated Murase-gumi gang in line, and he immediately passes the task on to his subordinate Otomo , who runs his own crew.'] ['Surya , the abandoned child of fourteen-year-old unwed mother Kalyani , is brought up by a generous lady living in the slums. He grows up to become a fearless kind-hearted slum king who fights the injustice that takes place daily. These qualities lead him to cross swords with the local don Devarajan  . Deva\'s friend Ramana is fatally beaten up by Surya, and he threatens Surya that he will find himself in a dangerous situation if the friend was laid to rest. His friend passes away, and Surya gets placed in prison. However, when Deva discovers Ramana\'s offense, he decides to get Surya released from jail. Surya is surprised to see Deva send his own man to get him out from jail, and there he tells Surya, Nyayamnu onnu irrukku . From that moment, Deva surrenders his ego and offers his hand of friendship to Surya. Surya pledges that he has nothing else but his life to give his new friend. From then on Deva makes Surya his "Thalapathi" . Meanwhile Surya falls for a local girl Subbulakshmi . They soon fall in love and their relationship continues. Surya and Deva virtually rule the town with their muscle and their sense of justice. In the eyes of the government, they are anti-social elements. Arjun , posted as the new district collector, plans to arrest both so that he can end their brutal activities. But his opportunities are in vain. At this time, Deva and his wife go to Subbulakshmi\'s house asking for her betrothal to Surya. But her father refuses stating he cannot marry his daughter to a person who doesn\'t know about his parents. Instead, Subbulakshmi is married to Arjun. Surya eventually marries another girl  who was widowed by him earlier . Surya, still troubled by the guilt, prefers to remain as a guard to the widow and her daughter. A struggle breaks out between the collector and Deva/Surya during which Surya learns that Arjun\'s mother is his mother, too. Surya promises his mother that he will not harm Arjun but refuses to leave Deva, whose friendship is more valuable to him than his relationship with his brother. Deva is stunned to learn that collector and Surya are brothers and admires Surya for not parting with him in spite of discovering his identity. During the process of surrendering to the collector, assuring him completely stopping their activities, Deva is shot by his enemy. Surya, in a fit of rage, brutally kills Kalivardhan  who was the cause for Deva\'s death and surrenders to the police after performing the final rites of his friend. But the police withdraw the case due to lack of evidence and witnesses. The collector goes to another place on a new posting accompanied by his wife. His mother then changes her mind to stay with her elder son, Surya.'] ["In modern-day England, private detective Philip Marlowe  is asked to the stately home of General Sternwood , who hires Marlowe to learn who is blackmailing him. While at the mansion, he meets the General's spoiled and inquisitive daughter Charlotte  and wild younger daughter Camilla . Marlowe's investigation of the homosexual pornographer Arthur Geiger  leads him to Geiger's employee, Agnes Lozelle , and to a man she has taken up with, Joe Brody ([[Edward Fox . He also discovers Camilla at the scene of Geiger's murder, where she has posed for nude photographs, and takes her home safely to a grateful Charlotte. Returning to the crime scene, Marlowe is interrupted by gambler Eddie Mars , who owns the house where Geiger's body was found. Mars's wife Mona hasn't been seen in a while and may have run off with Charlotte's missing husband, Rusty Regan . And due to Charlotte Regan's gambling debts, Mars appears to have a hold over Charlotte as well. Camilla tries to get her pictures back from Brody, who now is in possession of them. Marlowe intervenes but Brody is shot and killed by someone unseen. A man named Harry Jones  comes to Marlowe with a proposition. He is working with Agnes now and she is willing to sell information as to Mrs. Mars' whereabouts. But on the night Marlowe shows up for their meeting, Harry is poisoned by Lash Canino , a hit man who is working for Eddie Mars. Marlowe pays Agnes for the address. He tracks down Canino at a remote garage, where he is overpowered and taken prisoner. Mars' supposedly missing wife Mona is there as well. At a moment when Canino is out, Marlowe persuades her to set him free. In a shootout, he then kills Canino. Camilla Sternwood appears to be grateful to Marlowe, but she ends up pointing a gun at him. Marlowe was prepared for this and had put in blanks. It turns out that the emotionally disturbed Camilla was behind the disappearance of her sister's husband Rusty and that Charlotte had covered everything up with Eddie Mars' help. After confronting Charlotte with the facts, Marlowe tells her to have Camilla hospitalized. He then drives away from the Sternwood residence the same way he came in, hoping that the gravely ill General will never know the truth about his two wicked daughters."] ['Johnny Hooker, a grifter from Depression-era Joliet, Illinois, cons $11,000 in cash from an unsuspecting victim, with the aid of his partners Luther Coleman and Joe Erie. Buoyed by the windfall, Luther announces his retirement and advises Hooker to seek out an old friend, Henry Gondorff, in Chicago, to teach him “the big con.” Unfortunately, their victim was a numbers racket courier for vicious crime boss Doyle Lonnegan. Corrupt Joliet police Lieutenant William Snyder confronts Hooker, revealing Lonnegan\'s involvement and demanding part of Hooker’s cut. Having already spent his cut, Hooker pays Snyder in counterfeit bills. Lonnegan\'s men murder Luther, and Hooker flees for his life to Chicago. Gondorff, a once-great con-man now hiding out from the FBI, is initially reluctant to take on the dangerous Lonnegan. However, Gondorff relents and decides to resurrect an elaborate and supposedly obsolete scam known as "the wire", using a large number of con artists to create a phony off-track betting parlor. Aboard the opulent 20th Century Limited, Gondorff, posing as boorish Chicago bookie "Shaw", buys his way into Lonnegan\'s private high-stakes poker game and out-cheats Lonnegan, winning $15,000 from him and making Lonnegan furious. Hooker, posing as Shaw\'s disgruntled employee "Kelly", is sent to collect the winnings and instead convinces Lonnegan that he wants to take over Shaw\'s operation. Kelly reveals that he has a partner named Les Harmon  in the Chicago Western Union office, who will allow them to win bets on horse races by past-posting. Meanwhile, Snyder has tracked Hooker to Chicago, but his pursuit is thwarted when he is summoned by undercover FBI agents led by Agent Polk, who orders him to assist in their scheme to arrest Gondorff using Hooker. Additionally, Lonnegan has grown frustrated with his men\'s inability to find and kill Hooker. Unaware that “Kelly” is Hooker, he demands that "Salino," his best assassin, kill Hooker. A mysterious figure with black leather gloves is soon seen following and observing Hooker. Kelly\'s connection appears effective, as Harmon provides Lonnegan with the winner of one horse race and the trifecta of another race. Lonnegan agrees to finance a $500,000 bet at Shaw\'s parlor to break Shaw and gain revenge. Shortly thereafter, Snyder captures Hooker and brings him before FBI Agent Polk. Polk forces Hooker to betray Gondorff by threatening to incarcerate Luther Coleman\'s widow. The night before the sting, Hooker sleeps with Loretta, a waitress at a local restaurant. As Hooker leaves the building the next morning, he sees Loretta walking toward him. The black-gloved man appears behind Hooker and shoots Loretta dead, later revealing her to be "Loretta Salino", Lonnegan\'s hired killer. The black-gloved man had been hired by Gondorff to protect Hooker. Armed with Harmon’s tip to "place it on Lucky Dan", Lonnegan makes a $500,000 bet at Shaw’s parlor on Lucky Dan to win. As the race begins, Harmon arrives and expresses shock at Lonnegan\'s bet, explaining that when he had said "place it" he had meant, literally, that Lucky Dan would "place" . In a panic, Lonnegan rushes the teller window and demands his money back. Just then, Agent Polk, Lt. Snyder, and half a dozen FBI officers storm the parlor. Polk confronts Gondorff, then tells Hooker he is free to go. Gondorff, reacting to the betrayal, shoots Hooker in the back; Polk then shoots Gondorff and orders Snyder to get Lonnegan away from the crime scene. With Lonnegan and Snyder safely away, Hooker and Gondorff rise amid cheers and laughter. Agent Polk is actually Hickey, a con man, running a con atop Gondorff\'s con to divert Snyder and provide a solid "blow off" to Gondorff\'s con. Hooker and Gondorff depart as the other con men strip the room of its contents.'] ['The story centers on Billy "Shiner" Simpson  a boxing promoter banned from legitimate fights until he finds a promising start in his son Eddie. The night of the fight sees Eddie killed, and Simpson suspects rival Frank Spedding . Billy seeks revenge, only to grow mad as his suspicions draw closer to home.'] ['Most of the story is told in flashbacks, starting with Hoffa first meeting Ciaro and ending with one version of Hoffa\'s mysterious disappearance. Hoffa and Ciaro are first seen impatiently waiting in the parking lot of a diner in 1975. Others are late for a meeting. Asked if he wants to leave, Hoffa gives Ciaro a scornful glance. The first flashback to 1935 then occurs: A young Jimmy Hoffa approaches a parked truck, inside of which driver Ciaro is taking a nap. Hoffa talks to him about the benefits of joining the Teamsters. He gives Ciaro a business card, on which he has written: "Give this man whatever he needs." A few days later, Ciaro reports to work to find Hoffa attempting to organize the workers. Hoffa blurts out about their ride together and Ciaro is fired. He later accosts Hoffa with a Bowie Knife, but is persuaded to drop it at gunpoint by Hoffa\'s associate Billy Flynn. Ciaro joins the pair in the arson bombing of a laundry whose owner has refused to cooperate with the Teamsters. Flynn is badly burned and dies. Ciaro succeeds him as Hoffa\'s right-hand man. Another flashback shows a Teamsters strike. While strikers fight with non-union workers and police, Hoffa is taken to a local Mafia boss. Ciaro, who speaks Italian, comes along. An alliance between the Teamsters and the mob is formed. Hoffa meets Carol  D\'Allesandro, who would become his closest mob ally. Hoffa rises to the presidency of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters. His illegal activities include the use of Teamster funds to provide loans to the mob. At a Congressional hearing, Hoffa is questioned by Robert F. Kennedy regarding his suspicious union activities.  The tension between Kennedy and Hoffa grows, especially after John F. Kennedy is elected U.S. President and brother Bobby becomes Attorney General. Hoffa is betrayed by a junior associate, Peter Connelly, in court. The evidence used against him are the plans he wrote on the back of a hunting license. He surrenders to federal officials and serves time in a Pennsylvania federal prison while Frank Fitzsimmons takes his place as Teamsters boss. Ciaro, also convicted and imprisoned, is freed before Hoffa and immediately begins working for his boss\'s release. D\'Allesandro suggests that the Teamsters endorse Richard M. Nixon for President, the idea being that in exchange for Teamster endorsement, Hoffa will receive a presidential pardon. Hoffa gets out and expects to again run the Teamsters, but learns that one of the conditions of his release is that he is ineligible to run the union for ten years. Hoffa meets with D\'Allesandro and is shown screaming at the gangster that Hoffa wants Fitzsimmons dead; the tirade is laced with various obscenities and descriptive suggestions as to what to do with a few of Fitzsimmons\' body parts. D\'Allesandro tells Hoffa that he\'s \'too hot\' and that \'I can\'t get close to it\'. Hoffa leaves with the matter unresolved. Some time later, Hoffa tells D\'Allesandro  that unless the matter of Fitzsimmons can be settled , Hoffa will go to the press and detail his dealings with D\'Allesandro. D\'Allesandro then tells Ciaro to tell Hoffa that \'everything\'s gonna be all right\' and also that Ciaro should tell Hoffa \'I know he doesn\'t mean it\' and that they should all meet the next day at \'The Roadhouse\', a local diner. Hoffa and Ciaro spend several hours waiting for D\'Allesandro in the parking lot of the diner but he never arrives. A purported union driver  who had been waiting in the diner, allegedly for a part for his truck, reveals himself to be a \'hit man\' after gaining the trust of Ciaro during short conversations over the course of the long wait. Just exactly who sent this \'hit man\' is not revealed, however, the implication is that he was sent by D\'Allesandro in retaliation for Hoffa\'s threat to \'go to the press\'. Hoffa is gunned down in the back seat of his car and Ciaro is shot while attempting to come to Hoffa\'s aid. Ciaro\'s body is dumped on top of Hoffa\'s and the car is driven into the back of a large truck that had driven up as the shootings were taking place.  The camera focuses on the roll-up door of the truck showing the different state plates, implying a final bit of irony: that Hoffa\'s dead body is being transported, in all likelihood, by a Teamster driver. The truck drives off into the sunset and the movie ends.'] ["Sung Tse-Ho  works for the Triad, whose principal operation is printing and distributing counterfeit US bank notes. Ho is a respected member of the organization and is entrusted the most important transactions. Mark Lee , another high-ranking member of the group, is his best friend and partner in crime. Ho has a younger brother, Kit , who aspires to become a police officer. Ho keeps his criminal life secret from his brother and encourages Kit's career choice. However, Ho's father is aware of Ho's criminal activities and appeals to him to go straight, lest he end up in conflict with his younger brother one day. Ho is sent to Taiwan by the boss to complete a deal. Shing , a new member, is sent along as an apprentice. The deal turns out to be a trap by the Taiwanese gang. A shootout ensues in which Ho and Shing flee, pursued by local law enforcement. Ho eventually surrenders to the police in order to buy time for Shing to escape. After reading about Ho's capture in the newspaper, Mark finds and kills the Taiwanese gang leader and his bodyguards. However, Mark's leg is shot in the gunfight, leaving him crippled. While Ho is in prison, Kit and his father are attacked by an assassin; in the struggle, Kit's father is killed. Just before dying, he pleads with Kit to forgive his brother. Ho is released from prison three years later. Remorseful and determined to start a new life, he finds work as a driver for a taxi company, run by another ex-con. Ho spots Mark during one of his shifts; in contrast to Mark's letters, he realizes in horror that Mark has been reduced to an errand boy and janitor for Shing . During an emotional reunion, Mark asks Ho to return to his underworld lifestyle to take revenge on Shing and reclaim their positions in the organization, but Ho refuses. Ho seeks Kit out and attempts to reconcile with his brother , but is rebuffed by Kit, who sees Ho as nothing but an criminal who is responsible for their father's death. Additionally, Kit is resentful that his familial tie to Ho is preventing him from advancement in the department. In an effort to prove himself to his superiors and further distance himself from the stigma of his brother's criminal past, Kit becomes obsessed with bringing down Shing's criminal group, despite Ho's warnings to stay away from the dangerous case. Shing finds Ho and presses him to come back to his organization, offering to reinstate Mark if he returns. Ho flatly refuses. Consequently, Shing begins harassing and threatening Ho in order to get him to return, including attacking his co-workers at the taxi company, and having Mark beaten severely. Ho is dismayed but is still hesitant to take action. Meanwhile, Kit learns of a major deal being conducted by Shing and plans to take independent action against the criminals. Ultimately, Shing's escalating violence against his friends, a desire to protect his brother, and an impassioned speech by Mark finally convince Ho to join Mark in taking revenge on Shing. Ho and Mark steal incriminating evidence from the counterfeiting business and use it to ransom Shing in exchange for money and an escape boat. However, Ho has given the evidence to Kit's girlfriend to hand to the police. Using Shing as a hostage, Ho and Mark take the money to a pier, intending to escape in the boat. It is revealed that it was Shing who betrayed Ho three years ago in Taiwan. Meanwhile, acting on his earlier information, Kit arrives on the scene intending to make an arrest but is captured by Shing's men. Even though he is free to escape, Ho decides to return to save Kit and asks Mark to leave on his own. Ho returns and offers to exchange Shing for Kit, but the trade explodes into a wild shootout. Ho and Kit are wounded and pinned down, but saved by Mark, who turned the boat around out of loyalty to Ho. After killing many of Shing's men, Mark berates Kit, telling him that Ho's actions had atoned for whatever wrongdoings he had done in the past. Mark is in turn killed by Shing. As the police approach, Shing mocks Ho , stating that his money and power will ensure his swift release. Kit, finally seeing eye to eye with his brother, hands Ho a loaded revolver, with which Ho kills Shing. Immediately afterwards, Ho handcuffs himself to Kit, expressing his desire for redemption and his admiration that Kit always walked the right path. Kit smiles tearfully. Now reconciled, the brothers walk together towards the gathered crowd of police."] ["Fritz Brown is a disgraced former LAPD officer now working as a private investigator and part-time repo man. Fritz is hired by an obese caddy named Fat Dog, supposedly to keep tabs on Fat Dog's sister, Jane. In the course of his investigation, Fritz learns that Jane is indeed living with an elderly millionaire named Solly, and that their relationship is odd at best. Fritz follows Solly and witnesses a transaction between Solly and Cathcart, the Internal Affairs Chief who disgraced Fritz and had him expelled from the police force. Fritz soon finds himself thrown into a complicated plot involving crooks, hit men, corrupt police and murder."] ["Mastermind Dave Purvis ([[William Talman  is a professional criminal who devises a scheme to rob an armored car on its last pickup of the day. He recruits Benny McBride to his gang of thieves. Benny needs money because Yvonne , his striptease artist wife, has lost interest in him and is seeing another man. But the man she is two-timing Benny with turns out to be Purvis. The robbery itself, at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles, begins as planned but then goes badly wrong when a passing police patrol car intervenes. Purvis kills one of the police officers from the patrol car and he and his fellow robbers make their getaway. Lt. Jim Cordell , the dead policeman's partner, takes it upon himself to bring in his partner's killer and throws himself into the case, assisted by a rookie offsider. Meanwhile, Purvis's gang unravels bit by bit as distrust and paranoia begins to build. Benny, wounded by police during the heist, is killed by Purvis as he demands his share of the loot from the robbery and attempts to seek medical help. Gang member Al Mapes ([[Steve Brodie  gets away and looks up Yvonne at the Burly Q where she works, intending to use her as a means to find Purvis, who has kept all the loot for himself. The waiting police, however, arrest Mapes at the Burly Q and learn Purvis's identity. After a further manhunt, Lt. Cordell and his team corner Purvis and Yvonne at Los Angeles airport, and Purvis is crushed by a taking-off plane as he tries to escape across the tarmac."] ['Barry Wirth is a retired small time criminal who is released on parole from following the death of his mother to care for his younger brother Joey. He had been serving time for a manslaughter he claims he did not commit. Following his release trouble begins brewing for the big criminals of Surfers Paradise when a corrupt accountant Warren Halliwell who handles their money laundering is arrested for an illicit affair and has his records taken by the Crime Investigation Commission  who then use it to seize many ill gotten assets and subpoena many Gold Coast Criminals. This creates trouble for an ex-criminal, Darren "Dabba" Barrington, whose money from previous crimes has been seized as well as Chicka Martin a big time criminal. Meanwhile Barry seeks employment which he eventually obtains as a worker at a service station which is how he is reunited with Johnny "spit" Spitieri who robs the store. Johnny is a small time criminal and junkie who Barry aids in return for Johnny\'s help when they were in prison together. The main conflict of the film is caused when Johnny Spitieri is arrested for a drug deal which leaves him owing twenty thousand dollars to Chicka. This and the corrupt detective DeVier\'s continued abuse of Barry leads to Barry creating a plan to allow him, his brother, Johnny and Dabba to \'get square\' .'] ["When she turns 18, unhappy Lidda Daniels leaves Southern California to look for Charlie, her father, a professional gambler who abandoned her years before. On her way to Vegas, she picks up Colonel, a video store clerk whom she finds attractive even though they've never spoken. This film is most notable for its first poker scene in which James Caan and Vincent Kartheiser face off against each other. The drama is lessened because one of the players is playing Texas hold 'em, while the other appears to be playing five card draw, in the same game."] ['Tony wants to be a hitman for the Mafia, but first he has to learn from a master. Enter Stevie "California" Rossellini - cool, eats veggie dogs and quotes Nietzsche. Greco may not agree with Stevie\'s style, but he has to complete his training so he can go back and kill the Mafia\'s accountant, who is about to turn state\'s evidence. His final test: kill whoever is supposedly randomly picked out of the yellow pages. His target: Angelica "Angel" Chaste, a very disturbed woman. Tony falls for Angel and fails to kill her, so Stevie sets out to finish the job.'] ["The film takes place entirely in one evening, with the time being indicated chronologically on the clock in Johnny's Trans Am. Early in the evening Johnny meets with his friend Lippy, an eccentric cocaine dealer played by Michael Winslow. They discuss the planned burning of an apartment building, called for by the mob. As their discussion progresses, it becomes clear that it is Johnny who must carry out the burning of the building before the night is over, and moreover, his mother and sister live in the targeted building. This request from the Mob pushes Johnny to plan a split from the Mob, which proves difficult. By the end of the night Johnny must save his sister and mother from the burning of their building, and also rescue his girlfriend and their newborn child from the clutches of the Mob."] ['Tommy Spinelli , is a wiseguy hired by a pair of dimwitted hit men to transport a duffel bag full of decapitated heads across the country to a crime boss . While on a commercial flight, his bag is accidentally switched with that of Charlie Pritchett , a friendly, talkative, young American tourist who is going to Mexico to see his girlfriend Laurie  and her parents ([[George Hamilton . The film revolves around Spinelli harassing Charlie\'s friends Ernie  and Steve  for information, while Charlie and Laurie attempt to get rid of their rather unfortunate luggage. The film ends with Charlie and Laurie bringing a severed head to the airport, in order to prove her father\'s innocence. Benny and Rico try to intervene, but end up getting arrested. It is revealed that Tommy and Charlie set them up, as Tommy departs to Hawaii. Steve goes insane by running around the airport, telling security guards that it is his "best friend." During the credits, Charlie and Laurie get married with her mother and father present, Steve is now placed in a strait-jacket, Fern is also present after being thrown out of a van, Ernie is now a brain surgeon, and Tommy is enjoying his retirement.'] ['The section of the Mumbai Police Department responsible for handling the underworld is headed by Sadhu Agashe . Sadhu is the city’s best inspector, with an enviable reputation and record of encounter shootings. Though tough, he is a loving husband to his wife  and father and also helps his informers and other poor people in times of need. His immediate junior, Imtiyaz Siddiqui ([[Yashpal Sharma  despises Sadhu to no end; he feels Sadhu intentionally belittles him. Also Imtiyaz is more concerned about adding to his encounter score and therefore ends up killing more than the primary target which is the main reason Sadhu dislikes him. To add to his woes, Imtiyaz is unable to surpass Sadhu’s encounter "score". Enter Jatin , a rookie to this line of policing who manages to impress Sadhu. The inspector takes the newcomer under his wing, further antagonizing Imtiyaz. All of them report to the Commissioner Pradhan  who is a fair and honest police officer. During these events, Sadhu establishes a love-hate friendship on the phone with Zameer , a notorious underworld leader based abroad, who grudgingly admires Sadhu for his no-nonsense attitude. Zameer and rival don, Rajashekhar run the Mumbai underworld. Sadhu Agashe’s world begins to turn upside down as Pradhan retires and with the entrance of the new commissioner, Suchek ([[Jeeva  who has a strong link to the Don, Rajashekhar. Suchek takes a liking towards Imtiyaz who is willing to do encounters primarily of Zameer\'s men mainly on Rajashekhar\'s orders. Suchek starts undermining and belittling Sadhu. Sadhu continues on his honest path. Eventually, the pressures of his career take a toll on his personal life as some men kill his wife. During his personal investigation into this matter, Sadhu kills Feroz, right-hand man of Rajashekhar. Sadhu is compelled to resign from the force and Suchek  sends Imtiyaz to kill Sadhu. Sadhu manages to kill him and in a peculiar chain of events, Sadhu Agashe, a once famed inspector, becomes a fugitive of the law. Suchek announces shoot at sight orders against Sadhu despite Pradhan\'s advice to the contrary and Sadhu is forced to ask Zameer for help in escaping from India. Meanwhile Jatin, who has been growing increasingly disenchanted by Suchek\'s behavior, resigns and calls for a press conference and exposes Suchek\'s connection to Rajashekhar. Suchek disputes this but is suspended pending investigation. Sadhu goes to Zameer\'s HQ and thanks him for releasing him and tells him that he is now Zameer\'s man. As Zameer and Sadhu are drinking alone celebrating this, Sadhu breaks a glass and uses the sharp edge to kill Zameer and escape. Then the scene rolls forward to a location abroad where Sadhu and Pradhan are having coffee. When Pradhan asks Sadhu about why he has run away thereby proving the allegations against him, Sadhu tells him that it is part of his plan. He was able to kill Zameer as a fugitive which he never could have as a cop. He says that he will now go to Rajashekhar since Rajashekhar is thrilled at Zameer\'s death and kill him too. Sadhu says that he doesn\'t care what the world thinks of him and he will always be a cop and will continue his work of eliminating crime until he dies. He requests Pradhan to look after his son who is with his aunt in Pune and Pradhan contemplatively agrees. The end credits roll as Sadhu gets up and walks off after saying good bye to Pradhan.'] ["After Tom Powers  and his childhood friend, Matt Doyle , grow into young adults, the film follows them as they gradually progress from small crimes  to worse crimes , after being hired by local bootlegger Paddy Ryan . Tom quickly rises from apprentice to leading gangster by being more vicious and ruthless than his rivals. The bootlegging business becomes an ever more lucrative operation, and Tom and Matt are not shy about flaunting the trappings of gangsterism. Tom does not forget about his more humble origins, and offers support to his pathetically doting, and now widowed, mother. This brings him into conflict with his older brother, Mike Powers ([[Donald Cook , a shell-shocked war veteran who strongly disapproves of his loathsome little brother. Arguably, underlying the fraternal conflict is the fact that Tom’s vicious immorality has brought generous material rewards while the straight-and-narrow path chosen by his brother has only produced a bitter casualty of war. Tom considers Mike self-righteous and hypocritical. When Mike quips that Tom's success is based on nothing more than “beer and blood” , Tom retorts: “Your hands ain't so clean. You killed and liked it. You didn't get them medals for holding hands with them Germans.”{{cite web}} Tom continues his rise in gangland, but eventually his greed catches up with him when he challenges another gang, precipitating a catastrophic gang war. Arguably, the most famous scene is Tom “getting it” in the end, graphically setting the tone for the “crime doesn’t pay” theme that dominated crime films for the rest of the decade and beyond."] ['{{plot}} Veterinary assistant Corky Romano  having been banished from his family after the death of his mother, is unaware of their underworld connections until he receives a call from his father, "Pops"  a Mafia crime lord. Pops has been indicted on racketeering charges, and, knowing that the prosecutors have a strong case against him, has concluded that the only solution is to somehow destroy the evidence held by the FBI. At the family mansion, an ailing and bedridden Pops convinces Corky to infiltrate the local FBI office, since the Romano family cannot send anyone with known underworld connections, such as Corky\'s brothers Paulie  and Peter . With the aid of a computer hacker, Corky is able to obtain a false name , background, and résumé. He gains access to the local FBI office, where he discovers from office chief Howard Schuster that, according to his résumé, "Pissant" graduated from Harvard, can speak five hundred different languages, is an expert sharpshooter and has a black belt in the martial art "yan mu kwan." Corky makes several trips to the FBI office\'s evidence room, only to be sidetracked each time. He is sent on investigations and raids, most of which have nothing to do with his father\'s case. Corky finds himself on a mission to infiltrate a neo-Nazi skinhead group related to the Night Vulture, a heroin trafficker who is number six on the FBI\'s Most Wanted List. Corky approaches the gang members, who promptly rip off the Britney Spears tank top he is wearing as a disguise, and take him to a warehouse. Every Mafia member, including Paulie and Peter, are listening in through a microphone that was earlier taped to Corky\'s crotch. They go to the warehouse, beat up all the gang members, and leave. When the FBI arrives, they assume that Corky has handled the skinheads singlehandedly. He receives praise at the office and in the local media, though one agent, Agent Brick Davis  appears both jealous and suspicious of him. Corky attends a hostage situation involving a Night Vulture suspect. FBI director Howard Schuster  hands Corky a machine gun and orders him to kill the suspect. When Corky fires, the trigger gets stuck, spraying bullets everywhere. One of them hits a propane tank, causing it to explode, which knocks the suspect off his feet. Agents rush in and arrest the suspect, and it transpires that his gun was a fake. Schuster sends Corky to put the suspect in jail. On the trip back to the FBI office, Corky locks himself out of the car and the suspect kicks out the metal divider between the front and back seats. The divider jams the gas pedal to the floor, sending the car weaving wildly through city streets. Corky\'s arm is stuck in the window the whole time. Later, the car crashes into Paulie and Peter. Davis and other agents arrive and proceed to arrest Paulie and Peter, citing photographic equipment in the backseat of their car . However, Corky steps in to handle the situation. He farts in the faces of his brothers, and tells them to leave. Corky grows to like FBI agent Kate Russo , but she seems uninterested until they bump into each other at the Romano mansion where Russo has been sent undercover to collect more evidence against the Romanos. Corky is able to convince Russo that he, too, is working undercover. Corky is sent to infiltrate a drug deal in Chinatown posing as a translator . Corky attempts to translate, but ends up saying nonsense phrases such as "fool" and "hairy pencil". The participating drug lords draw their guns and begin shooting in frustration. Corky\'s new FBI partners, agents Bob Cox  and Terrence Darnell ([[Dave Sheridan , engage in a shootout with one of them while the other escapes. Cox and Darnell are captured while trying to infiltrate one of Pops\' underground casinos. Corky comes to the rescue, but is caught by the bouncers and has his head placed in a paint shaker. When it is discovered that he is a member of the Romano family, and the bouncers ask how they can make it up to Corky, he says, "Maybe I can take some of my friends with me?". Corky eventually gets the evidence, and discovers that his father will be facing murder charges. Shocked, he tells Pops, who vehemently denies killing anyone. Meanwhile, Russo discovers that Corky is a member of the Romano family and not an FBI agent. The entire FBI office conducts a raid on the Romano mansion, where it is discovered that family friend Leo Corrigan  is an FBI informant and has been lying about the family\'s activities, including the alleged murder. It is also discovered that Brick Davis is in fact the Night Vulture. Leo is knocked out by Corky with a light fixture, and Davis is arrested by his fellow FBI agents. In the end, Corky and Agent Russo get married and drive off in Corky\'s car, a bright yellow Mazda Miata. Corky also gains the respect and love of his entire family. The peculiar nickname "Corky" is alleged to be taken from real life New Jersey mobster Gaetano Vastola whose nickname among the mafia ranks as a street soldier was "Corky". Gaetano is also believed to have been the model for the fictional character in The Sopranos, Hesh Rabkin . [4]'] ['In 1963 Raffaele Cutolo called "the Professor" kills a man who had harassed her sister Rosaria, and ends up in prison. After 10 years, in Naples prison "Poggioreale", he creates the criminal organization "Nuova Camorra Organizzata" with his friends Alfredo Canale and Pasquale Zara "the animal". The organization grows till in the seventies it clashes with the old families of the Camorra, starting the War of the Camorra that will bleed the entire South Italy in the 1970s and 1980s. ;The earth trembles the Camorra In 1980 an earthquake strikes Naples and the Campania region. In the rain of reconstruction money the war continues even more brutal than before. In 1981 the Red Brigades kidnap the regional Assessor Mimmo Mesillo . Members of his political party, the Christian Democrats, turn to the Professor to intervene fearing that he will confess party secrets. In exchange the Professor is promised freedom - on mental illness grounds - and 3 billion in ransom. The assessor is freed, but taken into custody by the secret services and not by the police. ;The fall of the Professor and the disappearance of NCO The politicians do not respect the agreement and the Professor is brought in the high-security prison of Asinara by decree of the Italian president Sandro Pertini. This furthers the disintegration of the Professor\'s organization as his trusted men begin cooperating with police. His sister Rosaria tries to bring it back to reality, but to no avail. In the end she kills Ciro, a trusted man who had sold out to politicians, by exploding him and his car and putting his girlfriend inside a cement pylon.'] ['Nicholas "Oz" Ozeranski ([[Matthew Perry  is a Quebec dentist from Chicago, trapped in a miserable marriage to the daughter of his late ex-partner. His wife Sophie  and mother-in-law  hate him, and his deceased father-in-law has saddled him with a lot of debt. He can\'t divorce his wife because her father embezzled from the dental practice, and he has nothing but debt if they separate. As the movie opens, Oz comes down to the kitchen, where his wife, Sophie, and her mother are having breakfast. Sophie tells Oz she needs $5000, but won\'t say what for. He leaves for work, taking some frustration out on the steering wheel on the way. At the office, we are introduced to his assistant, Jill . Jill and Oz have lunch and she tells him that his wife isn\'t a good person. They joke about having her taken out of the picture, and Jill tells him to name a price. When Oz gets home, a new neighbor is moving in next door. Oz thinks that "Jimmy Jones" looks familiar, and after recognizing a tattoo on Jimmy\'s forearm, realizes that he\'s Jimmy "the Tulip" Tudeski . Tudeski is an infamous contract killer from Chicago who was given amnesty after ratting out Lazlo Gogolak and other members of the Gogolak gang. After an uncomfortable encounter, Oz runs home in a panic and tells Sophie they\'re moving. But Sophie insists that Oz return to Chicago to collect a finder\'s fee by giving up Jimmy\'s whereabouts to Lazlo\'s son, Janni . Upon arriving in Chicago, Oz has lunch with an old friend and confesses that he has no intention of meeting with Janni. Unfortunately, when Oz returns to his hotel room, he is greeted by Frankie Figs  who turns out to be one of Janni\'s enforcers. Frankie roughs Oz up to get the truth out of him and then takes him to Janni. At Janni\'s estate, Oz meets Cynthia , Jimmy\'s estranged wife. Janni instructs Frankie to accompany Oz back to Canada and keep an eye on Jimmy until Janni and his men arrive to take him out. Back at the hotel, Oz is freaking out when there\'s a knock at the door. It\'s Cynthia. She tells asks if Oz really knows where to find Jimmy, explaining that Janni and Jimmy both want her  dead in order to collect on $10 million dollars being held in trust in their names. Oz woos Cynthia and the two share a bottle of scotch and end up sleeping together. Then Oz vows to find a way to protect Cynthia from Jimmy. Back in Canada, Frankie and a very nervous Oz enter another hotel room and see Jimmy waiting inside. It turns out that Frankie and Jimmy are old friends and together, are planning to take out Janni and his men  when they come to do the hit on him. Oz returns to work and tells Jill about the events in Chicago. Jill is extremely excited when she finds out Jimmy the Tulip is Oz\'s neighbor and makes Oz take her to meet him. Jill tells Jimmy that he\'s her hero and the reason she wants to be a contract killer. We find out that Sophie tried to use the $5000 to have Jill kill Oz, but Jill ended up liking Oz after getting to know him and refused the contract. As Jimmy and Jill discuss the upcoming ambush, Oz gets angry and says that he won\'t stand by and let them kill Cynthia. Meanwhile, Sophie is in bed  with a new hitter she has secured with her $5000. Oz is back at home and tries to call and warn Cynthia about Jimmy\'s plan, but she is already on the way with Janni. When they arrive at Oz\'s house, Oz gets a chance to warn Cynthia, while she warns him that Janni will kill him after killing Jimmy. The two watch from Oz\'s garage as Janni\'s gang walks into the trap. Down the street, Sophie and her hitter are in his car. She is discussing the payment and promises that her mother will pay the remainder of his fee after the job is done. The hitter  is distracted when he recognized Janni Gogolak heading toward Jimmy\'s house. When Sophie tells him whose house it is, he realizes what\'s about to happen, pulls out a gun and exits the car, leaving Sophie bewildered. When Janni enters the house, he is distracted by a naked Jill, and she, Jimmy and Frankie are easily able to kill Janni and his men. Sophie\'s hitter is in the yard when he hears Oz\'s car peel out behind him. Oz and Cynthia are making a break for it. This draws Jimmy\'s attention to the window. He has Jill get the mystery hitter\'s attention and then shoots him. Sophie sees this and runs, screaming, down the street. When they get the body inside, they realize he is an undercover cop. As they start to get a plan together to dispose of the bodies, Oz calls. While they are on the phone, Jill reveals that Oz slept with Cynthia in Chicago -- which she thinks is great -- but it infuriates Jimmy, who feels that friends shouldn\'t sleep with each other\'s wives. Oz makes a deal with them that will benefit everyone. He will alter the cop\'s teeth to exactly match Jimmy\'s. They then put the cop\'s body and Janni\'s into Oz\'s car and set it on fire, rendering the bodies unidentifiable, except by dental records. Jimmy is still really mad, but luckily, the plan works. The investigators think that Janni and Jimmy are both dead. This allows Cynthia to collect the $10 million, which as a part of the deal, she has agreed to transfer to Jimmy in exchange for her and Oz\'s lives. The investigators also find the undercover cop\'s car when they go to check out Jimmy\'s house. Inside the car is a tape recorder, the contents of which are more than enough to put Sophie and her mother in prison, even though Sophie tearfully claims that Jill is the killer. The next day, the key players meet up in the city. While Cynthia and Jill go to the bank to transfer the money, Oz heads to an art museum with Jimmy, where they will be around people and Oz thinks he\'ll be safe. Jimmy has other plans though and takes Oz  out on a private yacht. Back at the bank, Jill asks Cynthia if she\'s tempted to take the money and run. Cynthia decides that she loves Oz and can\'t leave him to be killed by Jimmy. Jill tells Cynthia that Jimmy wants her and Oz to have $1 million as a wedding gift, and the two women make the transfers. On the boat, Jimmy gets the call that the money has been received. He pulls out a gun and points it at Oz. Frankie grins knowingly before Jimmy turns and shoots him instead. Oz is floored, but happy to be alive. He tells Jimmy that it\'s obvious he\'s in love with "her." Jimmy acts confused, thinking Oz is referring to Cynthia. In the next shot, Jill runs on the boat and jumps into Jimmy\'s arms. Oz leaves to meet Cynthia. As soon as he sees her, he asks her to marry him. She looks disappointed and asks if Jimmy told him  Oz doesn\'t know what she\'s talking about, and so she happily agrees to marry him. In the closing scene, the two newlywed couples are on a hotel balcony overlooking Niagara falls, dancing to a bluesy version of Ira Gershwin\'s "They All Laughed" as the credits roll.'] ["Stephanie Komack was a big-class hooker and assassin for the Italian Mob. She now was working in London as a waitress, and a single mother to her seven year old daughter, the Mob tracks Stephanie down and persuade her to do one final job. That when the hit goes wrong and Stephanie soon realises the reality of her failure. They snatch her daughter as punishment, but didn't figure on Stephanie's capacity for revenge. Inspired by true events,"] ['; Prologue "Pumpkin"  and "Honey Bunny"  are having breakfast in a diner. They decide to rob it after realizing they could make money off the customers as well as the business, as they did during their previous heist. Moments after they initiate the hold-up, the scene breaks off and the title credits roll. ; Prelude to "Vincent Vega and Marsellus Wallace\'s Wife" As Jules Winnfield  drives, Vincent Vega  talks about his experiences in Europe, from where he has just returned: the hash bars in Amsterdam, the French McDonald\'s and its "Royale with Cheese". The pair—both wearing dress suits—are on their way to retrieve a briefcase from Brett , who has transgressed against their boss, gangster Marsellus Wallace. Jules tells Vincent that Marsellus had someone thrown off a fourth-floor balcony for giving his wife a foot massage. Vincent says that Marsellus has asked him to escort his wife while Marsellus is out of town. They conclude their banter and "get into character", which soon involves executing Brett in dramatic fashion after Jules recites a baleful "biblical" pronouncement.   In a virtually empty cocktail lounge, aging prizefighter Butch Coolidge  accepts a large sum of money from mobster Marsellus Wallace , agreeing to take a dive in his upcoming match. Vincent and Jules—now dressed in T-shirts and shorts—arrive to deliver the briefcase, and Butch and Vincent briefly cross paths. The next day, Vincent drops by the house of Lance  and his wife Jody  to purchase high-grade heroin. He shoots up before driving over to meet Mrs. Mia Wallace  and take her out. They head to Jack Rabbit Slim\'s, a 1950s-themed restaurant staffed by lookalikes of the decade\'s pop icons. Mia recounts her experience acting in a failed television pilot, "Fox Force Five". After participating in a twist contest, they return to the Wallace house with the trophy. While Vincent is in the bathroom, Mia finds his stash of heroin in his coat pocket. Mistaking it for cocaine, she snorts it and overdoses. Vincent rushes her to Lance\'s house for help. Together, they administer an adrenaline shot to Mia\'s heart, reviving her. Before parting ways, Mia and Vincent agree not to tell Marsellus of the incident. ; Prelude to "The Gold Watch" Television time for young Butch  is interrupted by the arrival of Vietnam veteran Captain Koons . Koons explains that he has brought a gold watch, passed down through generations of Coolidge men since World War I. Butch\'s father died of dysentery while in a POW camp, and at his dying request Koons hid the watch in his rectum for two years in order to deliver it to Butch. A bell rings, startling the adult Butch out of this reverie. He is in his boxing colors—it is time for the fight he has been paid to throw.  Butch flees the arena, having won the bout. Making his getaway by taxi, he learns from the death-obsessed driver, Esmarelda Villalobos , that he killed the opposing fighter. Butch has double-crossed Marsellus, betting his payoff on himself at very favorable odds. The next morning, at the motel where he and his girlfriend, Fabienne , are lying low, Butch discovers that she has forgotten to pack the irreplaceable watch. He returns to his apartment to retrieve it, although Marsellus\'s men are almost certainly looking for him. Butch finds the watch quickly, but thinking he is alone, pauses for a snack. Only then does he notice a machine pistol on the kitchen counter. Hearing the toilet flush, Butch readies the gun in time to kill a startled Vincent Vega exiting the bathroom. Butch drives away but while waiting at a traffic light, Marsellus walks by and recognizes him. Butch rams Marsellus with the car, then another automobile collides with his. After a foot chase the two men land in a pawnshop. The shopowner, Maynard , captures them at gunpoint and ties them up in a half-basement area. Maynard is joined by Zed ; they take Marsellus to another room to rape him, leaving a silent masked figure referred to as "the gimp" to watch a tied-up Butch. Butch breaks loose and knocks out the gimp. He is about to flee when he decides to save Marsellus. As Zed is sodomizing Marsellus on a pommel horse, Butch kills Maynard with a katana. Marsellus retrieves Maynard\'s shotgun and shoots Zed in the groin. Marsellus informs Butch that they are even with respect to the botched fight fix, so long as he never tells anyone about the rape and departs Los Angeles forever. Butch agrees and returns to pick up Fabienne on Zed\'s chopper.  The story returns to Vincent and Jules at Brett\'s. After they execute him, another man  bursts out of the bathroom and shoots wildly at them, missing every time before an astonished Jules and Vincent return fire. Jules decides this is a miracle and a sign from God for him to retire as a hitman. They drive off with one of Brett\'s associates, Marvin , their informant. Vincent asks Marvin for his opinion about the "miracle", and accidentally shoots him in the face. Forced to remove their bloodied car from the road, Jules calls upon the house of his friend Jimmie . Jimmie\'s wife, Bonnie, is due back from work soon and he is very anxious that she not encounter the scene. At Jules\'s request, Marsellus arranges for the help of Winston Wolf . "The Wolf" takes charge of the situation, ordering Jules and Vincent to clean the car, hide the body in the trunk, dispose of their own bloody clothes, and change into T-shirts and shorts provided by Jimmie. They drive the car to a junkyard, from where Wolf and the owner\'s daughter, Raquel , head off to breakfast and Jules and Vincent decide to do the same. ; Epilogue As Jules and Vincent eat breakfast in a coffee shop the discussion returns to Jules\'s decision to retire. In a brief cutaway, we see "Pumpkin" and "Honey Bunny" shortly before they initiate the hold-up from the movie\'s first scene. While Vincent is in the bathroom, the hold-up commences. "Pumpkin" demands all of the patrons\' valuables, including Jules\'s mysterious case. Jules surprises "Pumpkin" , holding him at gunpoint. "Honey Bunny" , hysterical, trains her gun on Jules. Vincent emerges from the restroom with his gun trained on her, creating a Mexican standoff. Reprising his pseudo-biblical passage, Jules expresses his ambivalence about his life of crime. As his first act of redemption, he allows the two robbers to take the cash they have stolen and leave, pondering how they were spared and leaving the briefcase to be returned to Marsellus, finishing the hitman\'s final job for his boss.'] ['Film follows the rise of Sammy Gravano in ranks of NY Cosa Nostra, his turning to government witness in legal trials of John Gotti and his life in Witness protection program. The film is based on the book about Gravano titled Underboss written by Peter Maas. Main source of information was Gravano himself.'] ['Ex-con and expert safe-cracker Gary "Gal" Dove  has served his time behind bars and blissfully retired to a Spanish villa with his beloved ex-porn star wife Deedee . He also has the company of longtime friend Aitch and his wife Jackie. Their idyllic life is shattered by the arrival of an old criminal associate, sociopath Don Logan , who is intent on enlisting Gal in a bank heist back in London. Organizing the heist is Teddy Bass, a powerful crime lord, who has learned about the bank\'s vault from Harry, the bank\'s CEO whom he met at a sex orgy. Dove politely but firmly declines Logan\'s many demands to join the heist, but Logan will not back down. After revealing a lingering infatuation with Jackie, Logan also makes several unwelcome attempts at reconnecting with her. Logan eventually grows angry, hurling torrents of abuse at the group while at the same time spitefully painting himself as a victim of their betrayal. After storming away in a rage, Logan boards a plane back to London, only to be kicked off for refusing to put out his cigarette. Seething with hatred, Logan returns to Dove\'s home with ominous intentions, smashing a glass beer bottle into his former friend\'s ear. Deedee shoots Don with a shotgun, immobilising him. The four friends join in their efforts to kill him, first beating him, stomping him, shooting him again and finally crushing his skull. Hoping to cover up Logan\'s murder, Dove returns to London to perform the job. When asked by Bass about Logan\'s whereabouts, Dove feigns ignorance and claims Logan had called him "from Heathrow." However, Bass is visibly suspicious, and Dove\'s anxieties mount. During the heist, Bass\' crew use surface-supplied diving gear to drill into Harry\'s bank vault from a pool in a neighboring bath house. The water from the pool floods the vault and shorts its security system. While helping to empty the vault\'s safe deposit boxes, Dove secretly pockets a pair of large ruby earrings encrusted with diamonds. After the job is successfully completed, Dove\'s lack of joviality further raises Bass\'s suspicions. Bass offers Dove a ride to the airport, but along the way, stops by Harry\'s home. Inside, Bass kills Harry in cold blood and immediately and pointedly questions Dove again about Logan. Dove merely responds, "I\'m not into this any more." Back in the car, Bass suggests he knows what happened to Logan, saying, "Spain, eh? I must drop in sometime. Pay my respects." He offers Gal £10 in payment for his services, saying "See, If I cared, Gal, if I fucking cared, if I gave a solitary fuck about Don... Get out of the fucking car!" In the final scene, back in Spain, Dove is again home surrounded by his friends and by Deedee, who is seen wearing the ruby-diamond earrings that he stole. It is also revealed that Logan lies buried under the double-heart insignia at the bottom of their pool.'] ["The story begins in a small town in western Montana where New Jersey based bank robber Frank Salazar has been hiding out from the law after a series of bank robberies in Newark. Upon realizing that the local bank contains a large amount of cash, Salazar recruits four former accomplices to come to town and help him rob the bank. Among them are Nick Bartkowski, a nervous and possibly alcoholic safecracker; Max Green, an old school explosives expert with a heart condition; Ray Forgy, a young, wisecracking auto thief and getaway driver; and Carlos Barrios, a well-manicured lookout and weapons expert. Before they can arrive, however, two New Jersey detectives  catch up with Salazar, arrest him, and extradite him back to New Jersey. But Salazar soon escapes and becomes hopelessly lost in the Montana wilderness as he flees Denver and Lonigan's custody. Unaware of Salazar's arrest and escape, the four accomplices arrive and realize that he is nowhere to be found. They finally decide to take down the bank on their own but must go through several humorous ordeals before they can complete their plan."] ["A group of masked gunmen steal evidence from a police evidence storage unit, killing several officers in the process. Officer Dennis Meechum  is seriously wounded after stabbing one of the robbers. He survives and publishes a book titled Inside Job based on his experience. Years later, Meechum has been promoted to Detective, and is working on his next novel. He now suffers from writer's block, and is a widowed father raising his daughter, Holly . On a case at the docks, a suspect runs as Meechum gives chase. A man named Cleve  joins the chase. The suspect hides in an overhead crane and attempts to shoot Meechum, but Cleve kills the man, then disappears. Cleve arranges a meeting with Meechum, and tries to convince to write a book about his history as a paid assassin for a corporate empire, Kappa International. Cleve intimidates Kappa's founder, David Madlock  about Meechum's next book, and promises Meechum to show evidence to back up his claims. They proceed to take trips to New York and Texas where Cleve tries to convince Meechum of his history of hits. While they are in Texas, it is revealed that Cleve was the injured masked gunmen that Meechum had stabbed years earlier. Madlock, through his legal representatives, tries to bribe Meechum but fails. When an enforcer tries to steal a manuscript of Meechum's novel and attempt to kill Holly, Cleve intervenes by killing him. When Cleve attempts to keep Holly safe by sending her to Meechum's agent, Roberta Gillian . Madlock, however, manages to kidnap Holly. Meechum decides to have a meeting with Madlock at the latter's oceanfront estate. Cleve storms into the house, and guns down all of Madlock's bodyguards. Cleve then sacrifices his own life to save Holly from Madlock. Meechum arrests Madlock, before comforting a dying Cleve. At the end of the film, it is revealed that Meechum has published the book titled Retribution: The Fall of David Madlock and Kappa International."] ["Charley Pearl is the heir to a toothpaste empire's fortune. He is a playboy who doesn't work for a living, spending his time indulging in hobbies like speedboats and fast cars. Charley is engaged to be married to the daughter of Lew Horner, a foul-mouthed, hot-tempered Hollywood studio mogul. Horner is concerned that Charley has no ambition of any kind and no apparent guilt about it. The studio chief warns Charley that if he should make Adele unhappy in any way, there will be hell to pay. His four best friends—a comedian, a songwriter, a singer and a baseball manager —accompany Charley on a drive to Las Vegas for a final bachelor's fling. Charley is willing to foot the bill for Phil, Sammy, Tony and George but is eager to get back home to his fiancee. They make a quick stop for a drink at a nightclub where Vicki Anderson, a glamorous singer, immediately disrupts Charley's thoughts of wedded bliss. He tries to pick up Vicki after her performance but is sternly warned that she belongs to somebody else. Vicki responds to Charley's charm, however, and obligingly offers to leave a window open at her home. Charley shows up and they end up in bed, only to be caught in the act by her other lover—Bugsy Siegel, the notorious gangster. Rather than react violently, Bugsy amuses himself with the notion that he will take the scared-stiff Vicki and Charley to a justice of the peace in the middle of the night and make them marry one another. Charley drives her back to California and offers to pay her expenses, but Vicki walks out, wanting nothing more from him. In the meantime, their wedding photo pops up on the front page of the morning newspaper—with Charley's engagement announcement to Lew Horner's daughter appearing on a later page, as the enraged studio boss points out. Charley apologizes and still wants to marry a sobbing Adele. He agrees to get an annulment from Vicki and to pay a considerable sum to charity if he should dare disappoint Horner's daughter again. Charley accidentally runs into Vicki again and can't help himself. Charley remarries Vicki and once again leaving his fiancee in the lurch. Lew Horner stops just short of killing Charley, instead sending a couple of thugs to beat him and toss him into a swimming pool. Charley accepts this as fair. Vicki is happy, too, momentarily, coming home with an offer that could advance her career, only to learn that Charley's father has died and he is needed on the other side of the country in Boston, where he is now expected to run the family's business. Vicki puts her career on hold and spends two years in Boston, enduring high society and boring tea parties. She can't wait to get back to California and her career, but when Charley reneges on his promise, Vicki promptly gets a divorce. It doesn't take long for Charley to return west. He and his friends track Vicki to a nightclub where she has taken up with another shady figure. They become involved in a violent brawl. Charley then makes off with Vicki and marries her a third time, to the amazement of his pals. As a gesture of gratitude, Charley sinks millions of dollars into a movie studio where he intends to produce pictures featuring his wife. But while the careers of his buddies take off, Charley and Vicki begin to have children and raise a family. Nothing at the new studio gets under way and Charley goes broke. He angrily blames Vicki, who walks out on him yet again. Divorced and depressed, a haggard-looking Charley is found by his friends quite a bit later at a nightclub, where he tells them he has recently gone into a promising new line of work: computers. He stares dreamily at the stage where Vicki is performing her act. Charley shows his friends a diamond engagement ring that he has brought with him. Vicki slides it onto her finger."] ['{{quote}} Tom Sharky is a narcotics cop in Atlanta who is working on a transaction with a drug dealer. Another member of the force, Smiley, shows up unexpectedly during the sting, causing the drug dealer to run and Sharky to give chase, ultimately shooting the suspect on a MARTA bus only after the wounding of the bus driver. In the aftermath, Sharky is demoted to vice-squad, which is considered the least desirable assignment in the police department. In the depths of the vice-squad division, led by Friscoe, the arrest of small-time hooker Mabel results in the accidental discovery of a high-class prostitution ring that includes a beautiful escort named Dominoe who charges $1,000 a night. Sharky and his new partners begin a surveillance of her apartment and discover that Dominoe is having a relationship with Hotchkins, a candidate running for governor. With a team of downtrodden fellow investigators that includes Papa, Arch, and Nosh, referred to by Friscoe sarcastically as Sharky\'s "machine," he sets out to find where the trail leads. During one of the stakeouts, a mysterious crime kingpin known as Victor comes to Dominoe\'s apartment. He has been controlling her life since Dominoe was a young girl, but now she wants out. Victor agrees but forces her to have sex with him one last time. The next day, Sharky witnesses  Dominoe blown away by a shotgun blast through her front door, killing her and disfiguring her face beyond recognition. Sharky has privately been developing feelings for her while viewing through binoculars and listening to her bugged conversations. The man who shot her, known as Billy Score, is a drug addict and Victor\'s brother. He answers to Victor, as does Hotchkins, who is in love with Dominoe but remains a powerless political stooge under Victor\'s rule. Dominoe suddenly turns up to Sharky\'s surprise, and is told that her friend Tiffany used her apartment and is the one who was mistakenly shot by Billy Score. Dominoe is convinced that if Victor wants her dead, she is going to be dead, but reluctantly leaves with Sharky to be hidden away at his childhood home in the West End neighborhood. Meanwhile, Nosh informs Sharky that most of the surveillance tapes have disappeared from the police station, leaving both of them wondering if the investigation has been compromised. Nosh is then confronted by Billy Score, who kills him offscreen. Sharky confronts Victor at his penthouse apartment in the Westin Peachtree Plaza and vows to bring him to justice. Victor smugly knows that Dominoe is dead and cannot testify against him, but is stunned to be told by Sharky that she is still alive. While attempting to find Nosh at his home, two men spring an attack on Sharky and he is knocked cold. He awakens on a boat, where he is held captive and tortured by Smiley, who turns out to be working for Victor. Smiley informs him of the killing of Sharky\'s old narcotics division boss JoJo , and reveals that Nosh is dead as well. He cuts off two of Sharky\'s fingers while demanding to know where Dominoe can be found. Sharky attacks and shoots Smiley, and he manages to escape. Later, Sharky turns up with Dominoe at a Hotchkins political rally, to the candidate\'s considerable shock. Hotchkins is placed under arrest, and Victor finds out about it on the evening newscasts. Billy Score, in an agitated state, shoots and kills Victor. Almost immediately, Sharky and other police officers arrive at Victor\'s penthouse in an attempt to catch Billy. He is pursued through the upper floors of the Westin, where like a ghostly apparition he appears and disappears, killing Papa and seriously wounding Arch. Billy ultimately is gunned down by Sharky, crashing through a window and plummeting to his death nearly 700 feet below. In the end, Sharky returns to his childhood home, where Dominoe is now living with him.'] ["In a small Mexican town, a ruthless criminal, nicknamed Azul , breaks out of jail and vows revenge on the local drug lord, Moco , who put him there in the first place, by using a guitar case that carries a small arsenal of guns. At the same time, a young mariachi ([[Carlos Gallardo  arrives in the town looking for work, carrying his guitar case with his signature guitar. From the confines of his heavily guarded villa on the outskirts of town, Moco sends a large group of hitmen to kill Azul, but because both men are dressed in black and carrying guitar cases, the hitmen mistake the mariachi for the criminal. Only Moco knows what Azul looks like. The mariachi kills four of Moco's men in self-defense. As the mariachi seeks refuge in a bar owned by a woman named Dominó , he falls in love with her. Unfortunately, her bar is financed by Moco. When Azul visits the bar for a beer and information about Moco, he accidentally leaves with the mariachi's guitar case. Moco's thugs capture Azul on the street but let him go when they learn that the case he is carrying contains only a guitar. A short time later, the mariachi is captured and taken to Moco, who identifies him as the wrong man and sets him free. Meanwhile, Azul, who has no directions to Moco's home, takes Dominó with him and orders her to take him to Moco's, or Moco will kill the mariachi. Dominó agrees in order to save the mariachi's life. When they arrive at Moco's gated compound, Azul pretends to take Dominó hostage in order to gain entry. Moco soon realizes that Dominó has fallen for the mariachi and, in a rage, shoots both her and Azul. Suddenly, the mariachi arrives to find the woman he loves gunned down. Moco then shoots the mariachi's left hand, rendering him useless as a guitar player. However, overcome with grief and rage, the mariachi picks up Azul's gun and kills Moco, taking revenge for Dominó's death. Moco's surviving henchmen, seeing their leader dead, walk off and leave Moco's body and the wounded mariachi behind. In the final scene, the mariachi leaves the town on Dominó's motorbike, taking her dog and her letter-opener to remember her by. His dreams to become a mariachi have been shattered, and his only protection for his future are Azul's weapons, which he took along in the guitar case."] ["Officer Frank Dooley  of the LAPD is framed for the theft of a television set by two corrupt detectives. He is dismissed from the force, but escapes criminal punishment at his day in court. The next case features hapless defense attorney Norman Kane  attempting to defend a white supremacist leader, who threatens him with death should Kane fail to keep him out of prison. A fearful Kane reveals his ineptitude to the judge , who agrees to give the criminal an especially long sentence in exchange for Kane immediately leaving law behind. Dooley and Kane both apply for work at Guard Dog Security, a low-rent firm run by the gruff Clarence O'Connell ([[Kenneth McMillan  and part of a security guard's union requiring heavy contributions that is represented by Klepper  and Lazarus . Becoming licensed security guards after a single afternoon of training, the pair are made partners by supervisor Maggie  and assigned to night duty at a pharmaceutical company's warehouse. After being loudly ordered to take a lunch break by senior guard Bruno , they happen upon an armed robbery of the warehouse and prove no match for the thieves. The next day, the pair are berated and fined $100 each by O'Connell, leaving them suspicious of the company. They attend a meeting of the union, where Kane pointedly questions union president Michael Carlino  about how the union dues are spent following Carlino's rejection of his grievance against Guard Dog. Over the next few days, Dooley and Kane find themselves assigned to work at a landfill and a toxic waste dump. Convinced something illegal is afoot, the pair track down Bruno at his gym and interrogate him. Bruno states that it was O'Connell who had him order them to lunch the night of the robbery. They bring their suspicions to Maggie, O'Connell's daughter, but she rejects them as having no evidence to back them up. The pair next attend a party thrown by Carlino in hopes of gathering some evidence. Eavesdropping on a meeting between Carlino and union treasurer Lou Brackman , they learn of Carlino's use of the pension fund to finance dealings with a Colombian drug cartel and his plans to have the money robbed from an armored car and then have insurance cover the loss. Dooley and Kane prove too late to save Brackman from being murdered by Klepper and Lazarus to keep him from talking and find themselves framed for his death. After a night spent evading pursuers, the pair make plans with a now receptive Maggie to prevent the armored car robbery. Kane and Maggie take over driving the truck, while Dooley will meet them ahead of the would-be robbers. Dooley has problems with his motorcycle and is forced to hitch a ride with The Cowboy , a wild trucker who eagerly disobeys traffic laws. Meanwhile, Kane and Maggie must avoid assaults from multiple cars attempting to hold them up. With The Cowboy's help, Dooley is able to arrive in time to save the armored car from a guided missile strike and foil a final attack from Klepper and Lazarus. O'Connell, no longer willing to abide the scheme, arrives having captured Carlino and several of his associates. The criminals are arrested and Dooley is invited back to the police force, along with a reluctant Kane."] ['Two thieves, Dimon and Petya easily steal a black BMW 750 , and drive it to a chop shop. When they arrive, they decide to keep the BMW and have their mechanic forge new plates and serial numbers for the engine. While driving from the chop shop, a cop pulls them over and takes them to the station, where they pay a $1,000 bribe and are released. Kostya goes home to his devoted wife Nastya, who is sick of Kostya’s criminal lifestyle, and wants to leave Russia  for good. Just when the couple are about to argue about emigrating again, Kostya’s cell phone rings  with a frantic call from his brother Dimon. Dimon had been driving all over the road in his white Mercedes when he nearly collided with a group of "skyless" gangsters. These heavies forced him to pull over, beat him up, and stole his car. Dimon needs Kostya and the other "brothers" help to get his car back. Lyokha and Petya track down the gang that stole their friend\'s car, and they barge into the gangsters\' offices. When the gangsters start trading insults and threats, Lyokha pulls a pistol and shoots a man dead. The men then have to go on the run from both the mob and the police, meanwhile encountering the harsh reality of post-Soviet Russia\'s countryside.'] ['Police Lt. Leonard Diamond is on a personal crusade to bring down sadistic gangster Mr. Brown. He\'s also dangerously obsessed with Brown\'s girlfriend, his captive lover. His main objective as a detective is to uncover who "Alicia" is but cannot immediately find out from Brown or his girl. Mr. Brown later captures Diamond against his will in a role reversal, grilling the Lieutenant under duress as Brown previously underwent a lie detector test in the police station. Brown\'s hoods get Diamond intoxicated against his will and attempt to frame him in front of his boss as an irresponsible drunk. However, Diamond\'s boss believes his truthful explanation and the investigation continues. Diamond next learns through one of Brown\'s past accomplices that Alicia was actually Brown\'s previous wife. He witnessed a fight they had on a boat off the coast of Portugal. The accomplice suspects that Alicia was murdered and then strapped to the boat\'s anchor and permanently submerged. However, he only knows that he never saw Alicia again-so it\'s not definite this is what actually happened. Diamond then inquisitions a Swede, Mr. Dryer, who was the skipper of that boat . Dryer denies involvement, then receives an anonymous phone call after Diamond has left. Suspecting he\'s now a target of a hit since the "caller" simmply hangs up, Mr. Dryer arms himself and leaves through the back door. However, this doesn\'t prevent him from being murdered within seconds after he closes the door. It turns out Brown was knowledgeable about Diamond\'s visit to Mr. Dryer, but his intent was not to kill but just to apprehend him. His accomplice Joe who was originally instructed not to arm himself tacitly admits "he had no other choice" and it becomes clear Joe went against Brown\'s prior instructions. When Diamond discovers Dryer\'s note in a lockbox referring to a ship\'s log , he returns to the antique store but finds that Brown is already waiting there for him. Brown knows what he\'s looking for but took the liberty to burn the ship\'s log since he now owns 100% of the antique store\'s inventory. Diamond then confronts Brown\'s girl who is lost in thought listening to a live performance of passionate classical piano music . He urges her to leave Brown but Susan says she can\'t do it. Diamond then admits he loves her, gives her a photo of Brown and Alicia together on the boat along with an unidentified man and promptly leaves. Susan has a change of heart and finally confronts Brown about his wife. Brown claims his wife is still alive in Sicily, Italy and now wants to come back to the States. However, he admits that Alicia effectively left him for "Grazzi"  whom she is "living with" in Sicily. Brown next orders a hit on Diamond, however his accomplices enter Diamond\'s apartment in the evening thinking he\'s in there. In fact his burlesque dancer girlfriend was coincidentally let in by the floor attendant  so she\'s murdered instead. The next morning Susan tells Diamond what\'s she\'s learned from Brown. But Diamond picks up on the fact that the updated "Sicilian photo" of Alicia Susan shows him has a telling error-snow is on the ground. This leads Diamond to some additional clues to now suspect Brown didn\'t kill Alicia but his boss Grazzi instead. A blow up of the "Sicilian photo" reveals a highway sign that leads Diamond to where Alicia lives. Diamond confronts "Anna Lee Jackson" there who breaks down when he shows her the past boat photo. Brown\'s right-hand man, the hard-of-hearing Joe McClure, plots with gangsters Fante and Mingo to overthrow Mr. Brown, but he ends up getting killed himself because Fante and Mingo just initially feigned their loyalty. McClure\'s hearing aid, in an earlier scene, is used to torture detective Diamond with amplified sound . Diamond later gets Susan to help recruit Alicia to incriminate Brown. They are successful in getting her consent for cooperation, but at the last second Brown himself shows up with a writ of habious corpus effectively preventing her to testify against her husband. Brown also arranges to give a big stash of "money" to Fante and Mingo while they are hiding out from the police, but the box turns out to be a bomb that apparently kills both of them. Brown then proceeds to kidnap Susan to prevent more incriminating evidence. Meanwhile, Diamond finds a witness that could finally nail the elusive gangster, Mingo, who initially survived the blast and confesses that Brown was behind it all. Alicia helps Diamond figure out where Brown was likely to take Susan to, the airport where Brown hopes to make a getaway plane. However, the plane doesn\'t show up and the film climaxes in a foggy airplane hangar shootout. The very last scene shows the famous silhouetted figures in the fog that is one of the iconic images in all of film noir.'] ['Through the course of the film, several flashbacks are shown involving the Skuggs brothers, including  the drug-overdose death of their mother Ella , the non-fatal shooting of their drug-addicted musician father, Arthur Romello "A.R." Skuggs  (ultimately at the hands of the man they would later work for—Gus Molino , and a scene where Roemello is offered a full scholarship to Georgetown. Roemello, as a teenager  avenges his father’s shooting by shooting and killing Sal Marconi , a business partner of Gus’s. After contemplating for a while, Roemello decides to quit dealing and start a new life with his girlfriend, Melissa , to the disdain of Raynathan, who is scared and hesitant to leave the drug game. However, Roemello learns that getting out is nowhere near as easy as getting in. A series of events lead up to Roemello\'s eventual departure from the drug game, such as the death of his best friend, Ricky Goggles ([[Steve Harris  at the hands of an up and coming Brooklyn drug dealer and former boxing champion, Lolly Jonas . The Skuggs brothers and their associates find Ricky’s burned body hanging from the side of a neighborhood apartment building. They later go after and then kill Tony Adamo, one of the other men responsible for Ricky Goggles’ death. Because of this, an eventual street war starts off between The Skuggs crew and Lolly’s organization. Melissa becomes more hesitant of being involved with Roemello, because of his lifestyle. After learning of the death of an aspiring teenage “stick-up kid”, Kymie  in Roemello’s neighborhood , she decides to break off with Roemello and would have one date with an abusive basketball star, Mark Doby . After an episode where Mark physically abused Melissa, she eventually returns to Roemello and they begin to make plans to leave New York City. Before Roemello and Melissa depart for North Carolina, they stop by to visit A.R. However, upon arriving at A.R.’s apartment, they find him dead of a drug overdose. Raynathan gave A.R. the heroin that would eventually kill him, with Raynathan’s reasoning being that he wanted “put him out of his misery”. Raynathan is found across the street, coming out of Gus’ restaurant, where he gunned down Gus, Lolly, and Harry, Gus’s son. Roemello tells Raynathan what happened to A.R., but Raynathan accepts responsibility of their father’s death. After seeing Melissa waiting for Roemello, Raynathan fires his gun at her, and the brothers proceed to fight each other, with Raynathan accidentally shoots Roemello. Realizing this, Raynathan panics and shoots himself in the stomach, taking his own life. Roemello and Melissa, sometime later, do move to North Carolina, where they have a young son, but Roemello is found in a wheelchair, likely paralyzed from the waist down , however he is enjoying family life.'] ['A cop forced into retirement by ill health is persuaded by his brother to buy a race horse. It all goes a bit wrong when the horse is stolen by a local mob boss.'] ["Stanley White  is a decorated police captain and Vietnam War veteran assigned to New York City's Chinatown, where he makes it his personal mission to come down hard on Chinese organized crime. White comes into conflict with Joey Tai , a young man who ruthlessly rises to become the head of the Chinese triad societies, and as a result of his ambition, creates a high profile both for himself and the triads' activities. Together, they end the uneasy truce that has existed between the triads and the police precinct, even as they conduct a personal war between one another. The married captain also becomes romantically involved with Tracy Tzu , a television reporter, who comes under brutal attack from the criminals, as does White's long-suffering wife. This makes him even more determined to destroy the triads, and especially Joey Tai."] ["A dying man finds that horses, blondes, and the Mob may end his life faster than cancer. Joe  is a regular guy who runs a flower shop and has never had much in the way of good luck. Things seem to be grim for Joe when he's diagnosed with a brain tumor, but a bit of good fortune appears on the horizon when he wins a jackpot at the race track. However, Hush , an exotic dancer who has fallen deeply in debt to a gang of thugs, steals Joe's newly won fortune to pay them off. Joe gets his money back by explaining to the gangsters what happened, but only because they mistake him for a syndicate kingpin they've heard about but never met. When the gangsters discover that Joe is a florist and not a career criminal, they find the situation less than amusing."] ['A young American man arrives in Palermo by plane. A taxi driver at the airport immediately gets word to Frank Ginetta, who hides, armed with a gun, until he realizes that the visitor he\'s been warned about is actually his kid brother, Vinnie. Frank happily welcomes his brother and takes him home, catching up on old times. But his wife, Ida, reminds him that "they\'re going to send someone," suggesting that perhaps Vinnie is the one. In a flashback, Frank recalls better times in New York, beginning with Vinnie\'s homecoming from military service and subsequent marriage to Emma Bertolo. The father of the bride, Dominick Bertolo, is a Mafia don, as is the groom\'s brother, Frank. And among those paying their respects as guests at the wedding are mob leaders like Egan, Rotherman and Levin, who are the equals of Frank and Dominick in the New York region\'s organized crime. The board is increasingly unhappy with Frank, who seems to oppose every new idea. Frank also dispenses justice on his own, without seeking approval from the others, as when two of his hitmen kill a stool pigeon in the marshes, tying him to a chair with a canary stuffed in his mouth. Frank still fondly remembers his father, who also was a Mafioso before someone in the organization ordered his death. Vinnie is more of a businessman and sides with the other board members in ventures they intend to pursue. Frank resents this, striking Vinnie for defying him and insisting to the board that Vinnie will have no part in what they have planned. Older, no longer consulted members of the organization make it clear to Frank that it was Dom Bertolo who gave the orders long ago to kill 21 of their Italian brethren, Frank\'s father included, as he seized power. When it becomes clear that the board is planning a similar fate for him, Frank takes irreversible action. He pretends to befriend Dominick and offer a truce, when in reality he is taking him to a deserted warehouse to be executed. Frank hides out in Sicily, but knows his days are numbered. Realizing that it is Vinnie who has been sent by Egan to do the job, Frank accepts his fate, hands Vinnie their father\'s shotgun, then is killed by his own brother.'] ['A woman in a Las Vegas bar is annoyed by a flirtatious drunk . Her date, a milquetoast named Osgood, wants to do something about it. The woman, D.D., begs him not to, but when the drunk turns mean, Osgood challenges him to step outside. Much to D.D.\'s astonishment, Osgood wins the fight and even gets the tough-looking drunk to apologize. Next morning, it turns out that the drunk is Nick Escalante, known to his friends as Mex, who has been hired to make Osgood look tough in his lady\'s eyes. Nick is a former soldier of fortune, lethal with his hands and an expert with weapons, in particular sharp objects. He now acts as a bodyguard for hire but is listed in the Yellow Pages as a "chaperone". Nick\'s goal is to make enough money to leave Vegas and move to Venice, Italy for good. Soon, he is approached by another meek young man. Cyrus Kinnick  is wealthy and claims to want someone by his side while he gambles, but that\'s a ruse. He really wants Nick to teach him how to be tough. Nick is distracted, meantime, by the savage beating of his friend, Holly ([[Karen Young . As a paid escort, she goes to the hotel suite of Vegas high roller named Daniel "Danny" DeMarco  who has organized crime connections. There, she was sadistically abused by DeMarco, a small man backed by Kinlaw and Tiel, a pair of gigantic thugs. Holly can\'t get her revenge over DeMarco without Nick\'s help. He reluctantly agrees and goes to DeMarco\'s hotel, dressed like a flamboyant pimp. He uses his friendship with a local crime boss, Baby  to get access to DeMarco\'s suite. When he asks DeMarco about Holly\'s suffering, DeMarco tells him that it was only the beginning of a great game. When Nick asks DeMarco to make financial restitution for Holly\'s injuries, DeMarco first offers $20,000 restitution, which Nick accepts. But DeMarco puts the money back into his desk and pulls a gun, demanding that Nick flatter him. Nick does so, but DeMarco says that Nick has "failed the test," but he will spare him because he likes him. DeMarco again points his gun at Nick, after which he asks him what is he thinking about, to which Nick answers, "Venice." After Nick\'s answer, DeMarco orders Nick to be taken out of his suite, apparently to be beaten, or maybe even killed outside. But before DeMarco\'s henchmen can take any action, Nick proceeds to dispense his own kind of justice, using sharp objects like a medallion and the side of a credit card to defeat DeMarco and his goons. Later that night, Holly arrives in DeMarco\'s suite and threatens to slice off DeMarco\'s manhood. She relents by cutting only the top of his, apparently small, penis. DeMarco becomes even more scared because of his bleeding. He asks if the whole thing is about the money, to which Holly asks, "what money?" Nick tells her about DeMarco\'s $20,000 in his desk. Holly takes the money and gives it to Nick, after which she tells DeMarco that "it\'s not about money, it\'s about love." DeMarco tries to blame Holly\'s suffering on his henchmen, but the henchmen confront him by telling that DeMarco had planned and done everything by himself. After this, Nick and Holly leave DeMarco\'s hotel. Nick has a car prepared for Holly to get out of Las Vegas, but Nick stays. Before they depart, Nick gives Holly the $20,000 which they took from DeMarco. He refuses Holly\'s suggestion to take half the money. After Holly leaves with the car, she gives $10,000 to a man and asks him to give the money to Nick and leaves. Taking a liking to his new client, Nick agrees to give Kinnick a few pointers on how to defend himself. With the money Holly gave him, meanwhile, Nick begins to play blackjack in a casino where his friend Cassie is a dealer. Kinnick comes to realize what Cassie already knows, that the reason Nick has had so much difficulty leaving Vegas is because he is a compulsive gambler. After he wins enough money to go to Venice as planned, Nick talks himself into believing that it wouldn\'t be enough to last him for the rest of his life and he needs more. He returns to the casino and proceeds to lose it all. DeMarco goes to Baby, asking him to kill Nick, claiming that Nick killed his friends with their own guns. Baby organizes a meeting in his home with him as a mediator. By knowing that they will find his fingerprints on the guns from when he disarmed DeMarco\'s friends, Nick tells Baby that some part of DeMarco\'s story is true. Instead of telling the truth to Baby, Nick asks two questions, why would he need a gun, to which DeMarco says that it is a stupid question, but Baby answers that Nick never uses firearms, but always sharp objects and fighting skills, and that is a perfect alibi for Nick. Nick\'s second question is how he knows that DeMarco has a small cut on his penis, to which he answers that he knows because his friend  cut its top in front of Nick. With this question, Nick wants to prove that DeMarco abused Holly, to which Baby says that DeMarco will have to show them his penis in order to prove if Nick is right or not. DeMarco refuses, after which Baby concludes that it was not Nick who killed DeMarco\'s friends, but someone who looks like him, after which Nick is freed from DeMarco\'s charges. DeMarco and his men are waiting to ambush Nick at his office. Nick manages to fight them off with a brave intervention by Kinnick, who steps in the path of a bullet. Nick manages to kill DeMarco\'s henchmen and the same night goes to DeMarco\'s suite. DeMarco arrives still scared of what might happen since he failed to kill Nick and tried to kill Kinnick. Nick has turned the power off in DeMarco\'s suite and talks to DeMarco from the darkness, asks him if he wants to know how he is going to die, tells him that what happened to Kinlaw and Tiel is nothing compared to what awaits him. DeMarco tries to locate and kill Nick. By climbing the stairs inside the suite, he gets closer to Nick\'s voice, but still fails to locate Nick. Nick tells DeMarco that he has only one bullet left in his gun and that if he misses, he will tear his small and beautiful face out. Powerless, DeMarco kills himself with his own gun instead of leaving Nick to finish him. As his new friend Kinnick recovers in the hospital, Nick is seen on a gondola in Venice, beginning a new life.'] ["After being released from the Russian Army due to demobilisation, Danila Bagrov  returns to his hometown. Walking along the street, he hears a song that he likes, as he walks over to ask who is singing, he inadvertently interrupts filming for a music video for the band Nautilus Pompilius and ends up fighting with the private guards hired for the set. He is taken to the local police precinct. After an interview with the local lieutenant, he is allowed to go, but on the condition that he will find employment within two weeks. At his mother's insistence, Danila travels to St. Petersburg to meet up with his successful older brother, Viktor . Upon arriving, Danila does not find his older brother home. As he wanders around St. Petersburg, he saves a homeless street vendor named Goffman , a German-born Russian, from a small-time hood trying to shake him down. Danila takes away the hood's gun and makes friends with Goffman, who goes by the street name of Nemets . Subsequently, he meets a local party girl named Kat. Finally, he meets up with his brother. It turns out that, unbeknownst to their mother, Viktor is actually a hired assassin who goes under the street name Tatarin. He just received an order from a local mob boss named Krugly for a hit on Chechen, another mob boss who was recently released from prison and who runs the open-air market. It turns out that Krugly is unhappy with the amount of money that Viktor asked for the hit and he orders his people to secretly watch Viktor. In the meantime, Nemets refers Danila to a veteran who has a room for rent in his apartment. After getting his own place, Danila meets up with Viktor again. His older brother is sensing that something is not right with the hit ordered by Krugly and decides to pass it on to Danila. Viktor lies to Danila, saying that Chechen has been extorting him, and asks Danila to perform the hit. Danila agrees and, after tailing Chechen, successfully assassinates him and gets away from his bodyguards. However, as he makes his escape, Danila gets surprised by Krugly's henchmen who end up wounding him. He is barely able to escape by climbing into a freight tram. The tram driver, a woman named Sveta, takes pity on Danila and helps him escape. Danila makes his way back to Nemets, who helps him dress the wound and takes care of him as he heals. When he recovers, Danila seeks out Sveta, the tram driver who helped him. Although Sveta is married, they start an affair. Sveta tells Danila that her husband regularly abuses her. The two of them go to a Nautilus Pompilius concert, where they run into Kat, who gives Danila her number. The next day, Danila comes over to Sveta's apartment. She is out, so he decides to wait for her inside. Instead, it is Sveta's husband who shows up. Danila intimidates him, telling him to stay away from Sveta and warning him that if he sees him again, he will kill him. Then, Danila leaves and decides to call Kat, who meets up with him and brings him to a night club. After, they go to a private apartment, where they get high. Later in the night, Kat offers to sleep with Danila in return for his paying for drinks and drugs earlier in the night. The next morning, Danila's mobile phone rings. It's Viktor. He wants Danila to take on one more hit. For this one, Danila unknowingly meets up with some of Krugly's henchmen, who are supposed to identify the intended victim. Together, they break into the intended victim's apartment and lie in wait. Meanwhile, in the apartment one floor above, members of the St. Petersburg artistic scene are having a birthday party. One of the party guests, a film director named Stepan, mistakes the floor and comes into the apartment where Danila and Krugly's henchmen are lying in wait. Given that he is a witness, the henchmen take Stepan hostage inside the apartment. Then, Vyacheslav Butusov , lead singer for Nautilus Pompilius, also mistakenly knocks on the door of the wrong apartment. Danila recognizes him and decides to follow him upstairs to the apartment where the party is taking place. He sees several well known Russian rock stars. He spends a bit of time hanging out in the apartment and enjoying the party atmosphere. After, he returns downstairs and decides to save Stepan, whom Krugly's henchmen were planning on killing. They have an argument and Danila kills the henchmen instead. Krugly becomes incensed upon finding out what happened. He tells his people to hunt down Danila. A henchman nicknamed Krot ambushes Danila near his apartment building, but luckily for Danila, the bullet hits his music player, giving him a chance to fire back and kill Krot. Meanwhile, Krugly finds Sveta. His henchmen beat and rape her, then Krugly interrogates her. Based on what she tells him, Krugly realizes that Danila loves Viktor, so he has his people break into Viktor's apartment and take him hostage. He tells Viktor that unless he brings them Danila and returns the money, they will kill him. Viktor calls Danila and lies to him, saying that he should come over to pick up his payment for the hits. However, Danila is able to figure out that Viktor is being controlled. Danila buys a shotgun from his landlord and saws off the barrel. He then brings the sawed off shotgun to Viktor's apartment and coldly picks off Krugly and his men. Viktor is scared that Danila will kill him as well as payback for trying to lure Danila into a trap. Danila tells him not to worry, saying that he loves Viktor and forgives him. He then says that Viktor has become weak under the influence of the big city and the easy money. Danila takes the payment for the hired killings, says farewell to his brother, and decides to leave St. Petersburg. He visits Sveta, intending to take her with him, but finds her with her husband, who is in the middle of beating her. Danila shoots the husband in the leg. Sveta rushes to comfort her husband and screams at Danila to leave. Danila leaves, but first leaves behind some money for the husband's medical care and his remaining Nautilus Pompilius CDs. Danila then meets up with Nemets, converses with him about the influence of the city on its residents, and then says good-bye. Finally, he meets up with Kat at a McDonald's. She is completely indifferent about his leaving, showing that to her, he is just another john with whom she traded sex for money. The last scene of the film shows Danila walking out of a snow-covered forest and hitching a ride in a passing truck. He chats up the driver, then turns on the car radio. The final shot is of the winter road stretching from St. Petersburg to Moscow."] ['18-year-old Harry , is an innocent, bashful burger boy who lives with his overly attentive mother Kate. Harry\'s father left the family sometime before the events of the film, leaving Kate for another man. They live in a ratty old apartment, where Kate treats her son like a child, even going as far to draw his bath water and connect a wire to his reading lamp, shutting it off when Harry is busy to get his attention. One day, Archie [], Harry\'s oldest and best friend, goes to a strip club, where the boss owes Archie\'s mob boss money. Harry watches as Archie beats the owner, and snaps, releasing his rage out on the owner, pummeling him to the point where Archie has to pull Harry off to avoid killing him. Outside, both are visibly shocked by Harry\'s outburst, but Harry is shocked and confused at the fact that he liked it. Not long after, Archie\'s boss Abie Pinkwise, meets the two at a local diner, where he remarks how much potential Harry has in the mob business. He invites Harry to become his apprentice, and Harry accepts. After leaving, Archie attempts a heist at a small store, but backfires when the clerk holds him at gun point, sending him to jail. When Harry is told to ditch a car , by his bosses, he leaves evidence , and a witness. He is arrested but is proven to be loyal to his employers by keeping silent, despite being beaten by the police. Now trusting him, the bosses get him out of jail and take him out to celebrate at a brothel. When alone with one of the women, Harry is un-aroused, and timidly asks the prostitute if he seems normal. When he answers that he doesn\'t feel that way for neither men nor women, she gently replies that she isn\'t the kind of professional he should be talking to. He goes home dejected, and when his mother smells perfume on him the first signs of her jealous tendencies begin to show. As the months pass Abie shows Harry the ropes but when faced with killing someone, Harry hesitates, but ultimately does the crime, letting himself go as he did when beating the strip club owner. That night, upset by what he did, Harry goes to Louis Varga\'s house, only to find it empty, sans for Iris, his Hungarian maid. She offers him coffee, and it is here where Harry\'s alter-ego Madden, appears. With Madden in control, Harry frightens Iris and thus causes her to quit. Angry, Mr. Varga makes Harry apologize to Iris, and makes Harry say he is in love with her to prompt her to come back under Mr. Varga\'s employment. Hesitantly, Iris accepts Harry\'s timid offer and the two begin dating, with Harry actually falling in love with Iris along the way, much to his mother\'s anger and jealousy. When Archie finds a house that he likes, he is set on moving into it as a means to escape his mother\'s controlling nature, but when she moves with him, she decorates the house as a replica of their old apartment, much to her sons anger. Archie is then released from prison, and Harry hopes to get him back in the game as their getaway driver for a new hit coming up. However, the hit goes awry when it is revealed far too late that the man to be killed by both Harry and Abie, is actually Abie\'s long-lost uncle. Devastated, Abie pauses long enough for the police to be called, which is where Archie flees. Abie and Harry manage to escape. While Abie grieves at home, falling off the wagon after years of sobriety, Harry and "Madden" meet up again and this leads him to Iris\' house, where the consummate their relationship. Archie then comes forward with the promise of immunity, and flips on Harry and Abie. Both Abie and Harry keep quiet during the interrogation. The mob has the three released, but now that it is clear that Archie is a liability and cannot be trusted, Mr. Varga orders Abie and Harry to kill him. When Abie hesitates, still drinking and distraught over his uncle, Harry kills Abie himself, despite his friend\'s pleading. Once again, in this blood-lust haze, Harry seeks comfort with Iris. At Archie\'s funeral, Mr. Varga reminds Harry that when Abie drinks, he starts talking, and this makes him a liability. Mr. Varga hints that they may need to kill Abie to keep him silent. When Kate finds Iris\' hair in Harry\'s underwear, he admits to having and girlfriend and Kate calmly says she would like to meet her. The stress puts a strain on Iris and Harry\'s sex life, and even "Madden\'s one-track mind" is of no use . Worried for Harry\'s mental health, Iris resolves they really try, without Madden\'s help. The two go to a hotel, where they make love after Harry has her put on a morning veil. At the family dinner where Iris was to meet Kate, things seem to be going well, until Kate has her son go out for ginger ale, leaving the two women alone. When Harry returns he finds Iris gone, his mother having driven her away in a jealous rage. Harry admits that he may be in love with Iris and is about to go after her when his mother stops him. Harry remains home and breaks off contact with Iris, his mother\'s hold over him stronger than ever. Despite the fact that Abie has stopped drinking and is no longer a threat, Mr. Varga orders Harry to kill Abie anyway. Harry kills Abie with the same ice-pick he gave Harry earlier in the film, in front of a diner full of witnesses. More upset than ever, Madden is revealed again, and though he goes to first Iris, then a brothel for relief, he turns to him mother. It is revealed though flashbacks that Madden is truly Harry. Harry then has sex with Kate, who proclaims that she had waited "so long" for this. The next morning is mundane, Harry takes his usual bath while his mother is in the kitchen. He hears a thud and goes to investigate, and there finds his mother hanging from the ceiling. She killed herself. Mr. Varga calls Harry to inform him that they are relocating elsewhere, as Harry\'s act in the diner put them all under danger of arrest. Harry, clearly distraught from Kate\'s death, says that he will take his mother\'s corpse with him, and that she will "not get in the way" of their escape. Disturbed, Mr. Varga agrees to pick him up, only to attempt to kill him when Harry gets into the backseat. Harry draws his own gun and shoots both Mr. Varga and his henchman dead and takes the car to the bus station. Iris, who had left the city for California to be with her brother, is delighted to have Harry going with her. They sit on the bus, overjoyed to breakaway from the city and the mob altogether. Harry looks away across the seat with a smile, and shows Kate\'s body bag resting casually in the seat.'] ['Clark Kellogg  leaves his mother  and environmental activist stepfather Dwight  in Vermont to go to New York University  to study film. As he\'s wandering around lost in Grand Central Terminal, he\'s approached by Victor Ray , who at first offers to carry Clark\'s bags for him, then offers Clark a ride to college in his car. As soon as Clark steps out of the car, Victor drives off with Clark\'s luggage still in the trunk. Clark tells his professor, Professor Fleeber , who uses books he has written as required study, about losing his books. Clark notices out the window Victor walking by and gives chase. Victor vows to give his luggage back in return for a favor. Clark is introduced to Victor\'s uncle, Carmine Sabatini . In a running gag, Clark mentions how much Carmine looks, sounds and acts like Brando in The Godfather &mdash; though no one will tell Carmine this to his face. Victor explains that Brando\'s character in The Godfather, Vito Corleone, was based on Carmine. Carmine offers Clark the opportunity to make a lot of money just for running small errands. The first is to pick up a Komodo dragon from JFK Airport and transport it to a specific address. Clark enlists the help of his roommate Steve Bushak  to pick up the animal and deliver it to Larry London  and his assistant, Edward . Clark is also introduced to Carmine\'s daughter, Tina , who takes an immediate shine to him. Tina starts to talk to Clark as if the two are soon to be married. A distracted Clark tries to pay attention in Fleeber\'s film class  but he\'s soon being chased by two agents of the Department of Justice. Upon being caught, he\'s told that Carmine - also known as "Jimmy The Toucan" - is not only a Mafia figure, he runs the Fabulous Gourmet Club, an illicit and nomadic establishment, never holding its festivities in the same place twice, where for enormous prices endangered animals are served as the main course, specially prepared by Larry London. Clark is told that "for the privilege of eating the very last of a species," a million dollars is charged. Clark finds out that his activist stepfather had been listening in on a conversation with his mother. Right after Clark mentioned the Komodo dragon, Dwight contacted the Department of Justice. Carmine admits to Clark that the Gourmet Club exists, but tells Clark that the two DOJ agents are being bribed by a rival crime family that wants both Carmine and Clark dead. While driving to the Gourmet Club, a plan is hatched to get Carmine out of the exotic animal business for good and to clear Clark. At the Gourmet Club\'s dinner, longtime Miss America pageant host Bert Parks sings a version of "There She Is" when the Komodo Dragon is revealed. Clark steps outside to signal the DOJ agents, and the DOJ agents raid the restaurant where the club is meeting. Carmine is upset that Clark has ratted him out. Carmine pulls a gun, the two wrestle and Carmine is apparently killed in the struggle. The two DOJ agents, who do indeed turn out to be corrupt, leave with a duffel bag filled with money, though they\'re soon caught by real FBI agents and arrested. Clark berates his stepfather, who leaves. Carmine then gets up off the floor, having faked his death. Larry London reveals tonight\'s expensive and exotic dinner is actually Hawaiian tigerfish mixed with smoked turkey from Virginia, not endangered species . It is also revealed that the whole thing had been a set-up. Clark was picked out by Carmine, working with the FBI, because they knew Clark\'s stepfather would contact the corrupt agents when he found out about Clark\'s "job". Carmine and Clark walk off with the Komodo dragon, which will be taken safely to a new habitat at the zoo. He offers to help Clark in any way he needs to make it in Hollywood. Clark says "thanks, but no thanks."'] ['Detective Bo Dietl and his partner investigate the rape and murder of a nun. Meanwhile, Dietl learns that his partner has a gambling problem, and is in debt to loan sharks.'] ['During a shootout against Chinese Triads at a dock warehouse, FBI agents John Crawford  and Tom Lone  stumble across the notorious assassin Rogue , a former CIA assassin who now works for the Japanese Yakuza. Rogue ambushes Crawford and is about to execute him when Lone appears and shoots Rogue in the face, causing him to fall into the water. Rogue\'s body was never found and he is presumed dead. However, Rogue survives and his retaliation against Lone, his wife and his daughter, leaves three corpses in the ashes of their home. Three years later, Rogue re-appears, working under Chinese Triad boss Li Chang . Rogue is assisting Chang against Chang\'s arch-enemy and Rogue\'s former employer, the leader of the Japanese Yakuza, Shiro Yanagawa . Rogue first attacks a club run by the Yakuza by killing one guard and the runners in order to recover a pair of antique gold horses, family heirlooms of Li Chang. However, Rogue is secretly setting the Yakuza and the Triads against each other, in order to push the two factions toward all-out war. Now the head agent of the FBI\'s Asian Crime Task Force, Crawford is determined to hunt Rogue down and exact revenge for Lone\'s death. Crawford\'s obsessive pursuit of Rogue has taken a toll on his personal life, estranging him from his family. Crawford comes close to catching Rogue in the wake of Rogue\'s various killing sprees against the Triads and Yakuza, but Rogue always manages to stay one step ahead. Ultimately, Rogue\'s machinations have gained the trust of both Li Chang and Shiro Yanagawa. Rogue succeeds in betraying Li Chang, but spares Li Chang\'s wife and child, turning on the Yakuza. With Chang dead, Shiro Yanagawa is finally ready to come to America, where he intends to take over and expand Yakuza business operations. However, he is confronted by Crawford and the FBI; Crawford presents Shiro Yanagawa with proof that Rogue has betrayed him and spared Li Chang\'s family, but Shiro Yanagawa refuses to assist Crawford in locating Rogue. Later, Rogue delivers the horses to Shiro Yanagawa personally. Knowing of Rogue\'s betrayal, Shiro Yanagawa captures Rogue and demands the location of Li Chang\'s family. Rogue kills all of Shiro Yanagawa\'s men, and engages in a sword fight against Shiro Yanagawa himself. Rogue reveals that he is actually FBI agent Tom Lone ; and killed the real Rogue, assuming the assassin\'s identity. Rogue/Lone reveals that his actions have all been designed to bring him face-to-face with Shiro Yanagawa, so he could kill the man who ordered the death of his family. Shiro Yanagawa reveals that Crawford was in his pocket and responsible for leaking Tom Lone\'s identity and home address to the real Rogue. Angered, Rogue/Lone disarms and decapitates Shiro Yanagawa. Meanwhile Chang\'s wife receives a package from Rogue/Lone, containing one of the two golden horses that belongs to Chang\'s family and a message reading, "Make a new life". Shiro Yanagawa\'s daughter also receives a package with the same message and inside the box is her father\'s head. Rogue/Lone then calls Crawford as he is packing up his office, asking him to meet him at the dock warehouse they last made their investigation. Before going to the warehouse, Crawford enlists the help of Goi , an FBI sniper. At the warehouse, Crawford and Rogue/Lone battle each other in an intense hand-to-hand fight. When Rogue/Lone reveals his true identity, a devastated Crawford reveals his employment of Shiro Yanagawa and that he only gave Lone\'s address to Shiro Yanagawa because he thought that the Yakuza were only going to beat Lone up, and did not expect the family to be assassinated by Rogue. Crawford begs Lone for forgiveness, but is rebuffed by Rogue/Lone, finalizing his identity as Rogue. As Rogue/Lone takes out a gun to shoot Crawford, Goi takes aim at Rogue/Lone, and Crawford jumps in Goi\'s line of fire, allowing Rogue/Lone to shoot Crawford in the back and get away.'] ["The film is about a young Glaswegian-Italian lounge singer, Toni Cocozza , with a passion for Frank Sinatra and the dream of becoming a hugely famous musician. He grows weary of playing to elderly crowds in third-rate bars and decides to accept career help from mob enforcer Chisolm  and his boss Connolly  who's wife  has taken a liking to Toni. In exchange for assisting the organization with their illegal activities, Chisholm pays for new clothes for Toni and pressures the producer of a talent show to allow Toni to compete in the contest. Meanwhile, he tries to keep his ties with the mob secret from his friend and accompanist Bill  and pretty cigarette girl Irene  who he has fallen for. The trio form a modern day Rat Pack with Irene as Shirley MacLaine. Eventually his luck runs out. While he is helping to rob a store, Toni misses a date with Irene and she and Bill discover that he is leading a double life. They beg him not to compete in the talent show as he will be forever indebted to Chisholm, but he goes anyway. He only places fifth and continues his career singing in lounges, but is deeply unhappy. One day while making a drug drop the drugs he is carrying are stolen by a street kid. Toni refuses to harm the street kid, thus making him a target for the mob hitmen. He performs one last time at a birthday bash for Connolly's wife, fully expecting to be killed after he finishes his number. Bill rescues him by creating a distraction, which gives him a chance to get away with Irene. Using assumed names, the two manage to evade the mobsters and escape to New York City."] ['Annie Laird  is a sculptor who lives in New York with her son Oliver . Annie works as a data entry clerk. Annie is selected to be a juror in the trial of mob boss Louie Boffano , who is accused of ordering the murder of Salvatore Riggio. Annie meets a man named Mark Cordell . He buys some of Annie\'s artwork, then wines and dines her before Annie discovers that Mark is better known as "The Teacher". He is Boffano\'s enforcer, and the material perpetrator of the hit job for which Boffano is being prosecuted. Mark tells Annie to convince the jury to acquit Boffano, or she and Oliver will die. An extremely frightened Annie does convince the jury to acquit Boffano. After the trial, Boffano wonders if maybe Annie should disappear, because Boffano sees Annie as a loose end. Mark has a problem with this because he has developed feelings for Annie. In order to exert further pressure on Annie, Mark goes after Annie\'s friend Juliet . After having sex with her, Mark reveals himself to Juliet as being Annie\'s stalker. He pulls a gun and forces Juliet to take a fatal drug overdose. Mark boasts of Juliet\'s murder to his partner Eddie . Annie hides Oliver in T\'ui Cuch, Guatemala with her friend Boone . At the same time, the district attorney wants Annie to turn state\'s witness so they can go after Mark, who now plans to take over Boffano\'s empire. When the DA\'s office has her wear a wire, Annie removes it and gives it to Eddie, instructing him to leave her and Mark alone. Annie then succeeds in getting Mark to incriminate himself in a boastful rant on his ambitions, which are recorded on a hidden tape recorder. She then uses the tape to tip off Boffano to Mark\'s plans. Boffano schedules a meeting to "deal" with Mark. Eddie arranges the meeting, but Mark kills both Boffano and Boffano\'s son Joseph , along with their henchmen. He also slashes Eddie\'s throat. Mark is furious at Annie for setting him up. He calls her, revealing his knowledge of Oliver\'s whereabouts and his intention to travel to Guatemala to kill Oliver. In Guatemala, there is a showdown when Mark arrives. After Mark chases Oliver into a structure, natives shoot Mark. Annie, who has a pistol, fires eight more shots, killing Mark and ensuring Oliver\'s safety.'] ["Ghost Dog  sees himself as a retainer of Louie , a local mobster, who saved Ghost Dog's life years ago. While living as a hired hitman for the Italian Mafia, he strictly follows Hagakure. Louie tells Ghost Dog to kill a gangster, Handsome Frank, who is sleeping with the daughter  of the mafia boss Vargo . Ghost Dog arrives and kills the gangster, but does not realize the girl is also in the room at the time; he leaves her alive and exits. In order to avoid being implicated in the murder of a made man, the mobsters decide to get rid of Ghost Dog. Louie knows practically nothing about Ghost Dog, and the hitman communicates only by homing pigeon. The mobsters start by tracing all the pigeon coops in town. They find Ghost Dog's cabin atop a building and kill his pigeons. Ghost Dog realizes he must kill the entire mafia or otherwise they will kill him and his master. During the day, Ghost Dog frequently visits the park to see his best friend, a Haitian ice cream salesman named Raymond  who speaks only French. Ghost Dog doesn't understand French and Raymond doesn't understand English, but the two seem to understand each other. Ghost Dog also makes friends with a little girl named Pearline , to whom he lends a book — Rashōmon and Other Stories — he received from Vargo's daughter. Paralleling a major theme of Rashōmon, Louie and Ghost Dog have different accounts of the circumstances of their meeting: in Louie's flashback he shoots Ghost Dog's attacker in self-defense, while in Ghost Dog's flashback, Louie shoots the attacker just as the attacker is about to kill Ghost Dog. Eventually, Ghost Dog attacks Vargo's mansion single-handedly and kills almost everyone he encounters, sparing only Louie and Vargo's daughter. Though Louie feels some loyalty to Ghost Dog, he also feels that he must avenge the murder of boss Vargo, but it was stated that Vargo's daughter ordered him to murder Ghost Dog. Louie finally confronts Ghost Dog at Raymond's ice cream stand with Raymond and Pearline watching, after he gave his copy of Hagakure to the latter. Ghost Dog is unwilling to attack his master and allows Louie to kill him. His last act is to give Louie the copy of Rashōmon and encourage him to read it."] ['Chickens are being prepared for a meal when a chicken escapes and an armed gang chases after it in a favela called the Cidade de Deus {City of God}. The chicken stops between the gang and a young man named Rocket , who believes that the gang wants to kill him. A flashback traces Rocket, the narrator, back to the 1960s. Three impoverished thieves known as the "Tender Trio" – Shaggy, Clipper, and Goose – rob and loot business owners; Goose is Rocket\'s brother. The thieves split part of the loot with the citizens of the City, and are protected by them in return. Several younger boys idolize the trio and one, Li\'l Dice , convinces them to hold up a motel and rob its occupants. The gang agree but, resolving not to kill anyone, tell Li\'l Dice to serve as lookout. They give him a gun and tell him to fire a warning shot if the police arrive but an unsatisfied Li\'l Dice fires a warning shot mid-robbery and guns down the motel inhabitants once the gang have run off. The massacre brings the attention of the police, forcing the trio to split up: Clipper joins the church, Shaggy is shot by the police while trying to escape, and Goose is shot by Li\'l Dice after taking the thieving boy\'s money while his friend Benny  watches. Later in the \'70\'s. Rocket has joined a group of young hippies. He enjoys photography, and likes one girl, but his attempts to get close to her are ruined by a group of petty criminal kids known as "The Runts". Li\'l Dice now calls himself "Li\'l Zé" , and along with Benny has established a drug empire by eliminating all of the competition, except for one dealer named Carrot. A relative peace has come over the City of God under the reign of Li\'l Zé, who avoids police attention by having an initiate kill a Runt. Zé plans to kill Carrot, but Benny talks him out of it. Eventually, Benny and his girlfriend decide to leave the City, but during the farewell party Zé vents his frustration by humiliating a peaceful man named Knockout Ned, and while he is distracted, Blackie  accidentally kills Benny. As Benny was the only man holding Zé back from taking over Carrot\'s business, his death leaves Zé unchecked and Carrot kills Blackie for endangering his life. Following Benny\'s death, Zé rapes Ned\'s girlfriend. After Ned\'s brother hits him, his gang retaliates by firing on Ned\'s house and killing his uncle. Ned, looking for revenge, sides with Carrot and eventually a war breaks out between Carrot and Zé. As the \'80\'s begin, both sides enlist more "soldiers", with Zé providing weapons for the Runts and eventually the reason for the war is forgotten. One day, Zé has Rocket take photos of him and his gang. After Rocket leaves his film with a friend who works at a newspaper, a female reporter publishes one of the prints, since nobody can get into the City of God anymore. Rocket takes a romantic interest in the reporter, eventually losing his virginity to her. Rocket thinks his life is endangered but agrees to continue taking photographs, not realizing Zé is very pleased with increased notoriety. Rocket then returns to the City for more photographs, bringing the film to its beginning. Confronted by the gang, Rocket is surprised that Zé is asking him to take pictures, but as he prepares to take the photo, the police arrive, who drive off when Carrot arrives. In the gunfight, Ned is killed by a boy who has infiltrated his gang to avenge his father, a security guard who was killed by Ned during a bank robbery. Li\'l Zé and Carrot are taken with plans to give the media Carrot, whose gang never paid off the police, while they steal Zé\'s money and leave him alone. He is murdered by the Runts for his forced murder of one of their own earlier. Rocket takes pictures of the entire scene as well as Zé\'s dead body and goes back to the newspaper. Rocket is seen in the newspaper office looking at all of his photographs through a magnifying glass, and deciding whether to publish the photo of corrupt cops and become famous or the photo of Li\'l Zé\'s body and get an internship. He decides on the latter and the film ends with the Runts walking around the City of God, making a hit list of the dealers they plan to kill in order to take over the drug business. They mention that a Comando Vermelho  is coming.'] ["Just as Genji Takiya  is about to take over Suzuran All Boys High School as its leader of the newly formed G.P.S. alliance, he unwittingly breaks a pact by protecting Sho Kawanishi  from a violent confrontation with students of rival school Hosen Academy, who're famed for being so violent that they're known as the Army of Killers. Genji quickly learns that the pact between Suzuran and Hosen was made two years earlier after Sho Kawanishi broke a gang law by using a weapon that fatally stabbed Hosen's leader. Suzuran had sworn to a pact they would not interfere with Hosen's actions when Kawanishi is released from prison. Genji's accidental protection of Kawanishi prompts the new Hosen leader, Taiga Narumi , to declare war against Suzuran, forcing Genji and his allies to go on defensive, which ultimately sparks violent confrontations between Suzuran and Hosen."] ["A mobster is hiding from the law in a small town and he's running out of money, so he robs a bank and rakes in some big bucks. However, now, not only are the cops after him, but so is the local mob boss who is jealous that an outsider pulled such a job in his territory, and especially without giving him a piece of the pie."] ['Korean War veteran Lucas Doolin  works in the family moonshine business— delivering the illegal liquor his father distills to clandestine distribution points throughout the south in his souped-up hot rod. However, Lucas has more problems than evading the U.S. Treasury agents , led by determined newcomer Troy Barrett . Lucas is concerned that his younger brother Robin , who is also his mechanic, will be tempted into following in his footsteps and becoming a moonshine runner. A well-funded outside gangster, Carl Kogan , tries to gain control of the independent local moonshine producers and their distribution points, and is willing to kill anyone who stands in his way. The stakes rise when an attempt by Kogan to kill Lucas results in the death of a government agent as well as another moonshine driver. In a romantic subplot, Lucas becomes involved with nightclub singer Francie Wymore . He is unaware one of the neighbor girls, Roxanna Ledbetter ([[Sandra Knight , has a crush on him and fears for his life. When a series of government raids destroy their hidden stills, Lucas\' father and the other local moonshines shut down production "for a spell" to let the government deal with Kogan in its own time, but Lucas is forced by circumstances and his own code of honor to make a final run.  The film was based loosely on an incident in which a driver transporting moonshine was said to have crashed to his death on Kingston Pike in Knoxville, Tennessee between Bearden Hill and Morrell Road. Per Metro Pulse writer Jack Renfro, the incident occurred in 1952 and may have been witnessed by James Agee, who passed the story on to Mitchum.'] ["When Nicky calls Mikey yet again to bail him out of trouble—this time a contract on his life for money that he stole from his mob boss—Mikey, as always, shows up to help. Overcoming the obstacles of Nicky's paranoia and blind fear, Mikey gets him out of the hotel where he has holed up, and starts to help him plan his escape; however, Nicky keeps changing the plan, and a hit man is hot on their trail. As they try to make their escape, the two friends have to confront issues of betrayal, regret, and the value of friendship versus self-preservation."] ["Kim Hyuk  is a detective in the South Korean National Police Agency, having escaped from North Korea as a teenager. Unbeknownst to his superiors, he also works as an illegal arms smuggler with his best friend and partner in crime, Lee Young-choon , who also defected from the North. Hyuk has a younger brother, Chul , whom he was forced to leave behind  during his escape. Guilt-ridden over leaving his brother behind, Hyuk has spent the past few years searching for his brother. Eventually, he finds Chul in an internment camp but Chul resents Hyuk for leaving behind the family to escape. It is then revealed that their mother was killed sometime after Hyuk's escape. Hyuk goes to Thailand to complete an arms deal, accompanied by Jung Tae-min , a new member of the smuggling operation. However they were double-crossed by Jung and the Thai gang. Jung escapes, while Hyuk is captured and sentenced to prison for three years. After reading about Hyuk's capture in the newspaper, Lee finds the Thai gangster in a massage parlor and kills him and his henchmen. However, in the ensuing gunfight, he is shot in the knee and crippled. After Hyuk is released from custody. Remorseful and determined to start a new life, he finds work as a taxi driver. Meanwhile, Chul has become an officer in the National Police and Jung has become the leader of the arms smuggling operation, while Lee does odd jobs to survive. During an emotional reunion, Lee asks Hyuk to return to the underworld to take revenge on Jung, but Hyuk refuses. Hyuk seeks Chul out, hoping for a reconciliation, but Chul rebuffs him, seeing Hyuk as nothing but a criminal and still resentful that Hyuk left the family in North Korea. Jung finds Hyuk and presses him to rejoin the organization, offering to bring Young-choon along if Hyuk rejoins, but Hyuk refuses. Meanwhile, Chul is obsessed with arresting Jung and bringing down the arms operation. After Jung has Young-choon beaten and threatens to harm Chul, Hyuk decides to join Young-choon in taking revenge on Jung. Hyuk and Young-choon steal incriminating evidence from the smuggling business and use it to ransom Jung in exchange for money and an escape boat. However, Hyuk has given the evidence to the police. Using Jung as a hostage, Hyuk and Young-choon take the money to a pier, intending to escape in the boat. Meanwhile, having followed his brother, Chul arrives on the scene but is captured by Jung's men. Even though he is free to escape, Hyuk decides to return to save Chul and asks Young-choon to leave on his own. Hyuk returns and offers to exchange Jung for Chul, but the trade explodes into a wild shootout. Hyuk and Chul are wounded and pinned down, but saved by Young-choon, who turned the boat around out of loyalty to Hyuk. After killing many of Jung's men, Young-choon berates Chul, telling him that he should be grateful to have a brother like Hyuk. Young-choon is in turn gunned down by Jung's men. The police arrive and begin arresting Jung's men. Jung evades capture and escapes into a steelyard. Hyuk and Chul chase after him, but Hyuk is shot and killed when he shields Chul from Jung's gunfire. Jung mocks Chul and prepares to surrender to the surrounding police. Despite warnings from the police to drop his weapon, Chul shoots and kills Jung. As the police advance, Chul cradles his brother's body in his arms and tearfully laments that he missed him. He aims his gun to his head and the scene cuts to black as a single gunshot is heard."] ["Michael , the narrator, is a lovable charmer with the soul of a con man who successfully scams his way into the pre-law program at Columbia University. In contrast to Michael's desire to leave the Brooklyn streets behind, his close friend Carmine  is a handsome lady-killer who is enamored with the Mafia lifestyle and wants only to stay there. Rounding out the trio is Bobby , an endearing cheapskate who longs for a simple life of working at the Post Office and settling down with his fiancee. While at Columbia, Michael falls for a beautiful young student named Ellen , a society girl whom he initially wins over with his preppy schoolboy cover. As their relationship blossoms, leaving the streets behind seems increasingly possible, but when Carmine catches the eye of Caesar , a feared Gambino family mobster who controls their neighborhood, Michael and Bobby are drawn into that world despite their reluctance to get involved."] ["The film starts as young Kate Barker  is brutalized by others, including her father and older brothers. Skipping forward 35 years, the middle-aged Kate 'Ma' Barker  brutalizes innocent people and robs banks with her four sons; the pragmatic Arthur , the sadistic Herman , the bisexual Fred , and the loyal, drug-addicted Lloyd . It all begins in the late 1920s when Ma leaves her husband, George, and her Arkansas home and embarks on her own with her four sons on a robbery-murder spree to make her own fortune, while keeping them under a tight leash. When Herman and Fred are arrested and imprisoned for petty theft charges, Ma takes over the group and leads Arthur and Lloyd on a bank robbery spree to gain enough money to get her sons out of jail. The gang is joined by a gunman named Kevin  who was Fred's cellmate during his incarceration and his strongly implied lover. The group is also joined by a local prostitute named Mona Gibson, whom Herman frequented before his imprisonment. The gang resorts to more violent action and robberies. While hiding out at a cabin in Kentucky, Lloyd comes across a young woman swimming at a nearby lake whom he sexually assaults. Not wanting the woman to report them to the police, the Barkers hold her captive and Ma eventually kills her by drowning her despite the protests of her sons. Another time later, the gang arrives in Tennessee where they abduct a wealthy businessman named Sam Pendlebury  . Holding him for a $300,000 ransom, the sons, particularly Herman, bond with their captive whom they see as the sympathetic father figure they never had. When Herman and Mona go to collect the ransom, they are chased by a pair of FBI agents and barely escape. When they find that the ransom is only half of what they originally demanded, Ma orders her sons to kill Sam rather than let him go. But none of them can bring themselves to do it and they set him free, lying to Ma about killing him. Next, the gang hides out in Florida Everglades where Lloyd soon dies from a heroin overdose and Mona leaves Herman and the gang after she reveals that she's pregnant and does not want to be around them anymore out of the safety for hers and Herman's unborn child. But Herman and Kevin give away their hiding place one day when a local handyman and caretaker named Moses  witnesses them shooting an alligator out on a lake with a Tommy gun. Moses then calls the police and reports his suspicions. At the climax, several FBI agents and local police arrive at the Barkers' farmhouse hideout and a huge shootout ensues between the authorities and the surviving members of the gang. Kevin, Fred, and Arthur are all killed. Herman commits suicide to prevent himself from being sent to prison again. Ma is the last one to fall."] ['American FBI agent Nick Davis  works undercover, rising through the ranks of the Yakuza to infiltrate their operations. Adopted by the Tendo crime family, he is entangled with the Italian mafia, the Yakuza and the FBI and must decide what is most important to him.'] ['In 1930 Marseille two small-time crooks, Capella and Siffredi join forces when they meet brawling over a woman. Starting with fixed horse races and fights, they end up doing jobs for the local gangster bosses. When they decide to go into the business for themselves, their easy-going approach to crime starts to change. The first half of the film resembles more or less a comedy, while in the second one firearms are used. In the end Capella is killed and before his death pronounces the phrase: "La chance n\'existe pas !"  The film\'s story continues in the 1974 sequel Borsalino & Co.'] ['Using the internet and old school mafia traditions, a crew of young gangsters led by Nicholas "Nicky" Santini attempt to pull off the biggest heist in the history of the mafia. Nicky must first convince his uncle Danny Santini, a respected caporegime of the Genovesso crime family in New Jersey, to put up the necessary "seed money", $50,000,000.00. When Danny agrees, Nicky - along with his partner and friend Johnny "Irish" Kelly - use violence and murder to put the plan in motion. But as much as things seem to be changing in the family\'s way of doing business, old habits and traditions remain and Nicholas must decide between his friends who helped him pull off the scam or his uncle Danny.'] ['Jack Singer  has sworn to his mother while she was on her deathbed that he would never get married. Years later, he goes back on his promise and proposes to his girlfriend, Betsy , and quickly arranges a Las Vegas marriage. They check into the Bally\'s Hotel. Before the wedding, however, a wealthy professional gambler, Tommy Korman , sees Betsy and notices a striking resemblance to his beloved late wife. He arranges a crooked poker game  where Jack borrows $65,000 after being dealt a straight flush , only to lose to the gambler\'s higher straight flush ; Tommy, however, promises to erase the debt - if he can spend the weekend with Singer\'s fiancée. After getting Korman to agree to no sex, the desperate couple agree. Jack tries desperately to get Betsy back and discovers that Tommy has taken her to Hawaii, where he has his family and connections. The gambler also has a friend, Mahi Mahi , to keep Jack as far as possible from him and Betsy; Jack discovers this and goes to Tommy\'s house, where he\'s attacked by Tommy and arrested. After having Dr. Molar bail him out of jail, Mahi Mahi meets him outside and admits that Korman left with Betsy and is forcing her to marry him. Mahi races Jack to the airport. Betsy decides she cannot go through with the wedding and escapes from Tommy. Meanwhile, after changing many planes and finding himself stuck in San Jose, Jack tries frantically to find a flight to Vegas. Finally, he finds a group about to depart for Vegas, but, much to his surprise, finds out mid-flight that they are the Utah chapter of the "Flying Elvises" - a skydiving team of Elvis impersonators. Jack now realizes that he will have to skydive from 3,000 feet in order to get to Betsy. Jack eventually is able to overcome his fear and lands and spots Betsy, which then ruins Tommy\'s plans. The final scene shows Jack and Betsy getting married in a small Las Vegas chapel with the Flying Elvises as guests, Jack still in his white illuminated jumpsuit and Betsy in her stolen showgirl outfit.'] ["Father Michael is a New York priest with close ties to the Mafia crime syndicate -- his father is a don. The priest's brother-in-law, a mafia boss, is murdered while having sex with Angela, a mistress. Pursued by hitmen, the mistress comes to the priest for help. The two have a near-deadly encounter with the hitmen, during which the priest is wounded, but not severely. He hides Angela in his church for a time, then the two are forced to go on the run. Father Michael learns that the hitmen are under orders from his own sister, Zena, widow of the murdered mafia boss. The priest begins to fall in love with Angela, and finally succumbs to her vulnerability and charms. For the first time, the priest violates his vows. In flight to her home country, Mexico, the two have a sexual affair. The morning after, he awakens to find the girl gone."] ['Terry Noonan  returns to New York\'s Hell\'s Kitchen after a ten year absence. He soon hooks up with childhood pal, Jackie Flannery  who is involved in the Irish mob run by his brother, Frankie . Terry also rekindles an old flame with Jackie\'s sister, Kathleen . Soon, however, Terry is torn between his loyalty to his friends and his loyalties to others. He is actually working as an undercover cop in order to help the police break up the gang. However, he is under great pressure and finally reveals his true identity to Kathleen but she wants to have nothing more to do with him after being told by her brother, Frank, that he is an up and coming member in his gang and has already killed two people. Jackie is drinking in a bar one night when three members of a rival Italian gang enter and he ends up killing all three, feeling insulted that they are on his gang\'s territory. Frank is summoned to a meeting by the Italian mafia boss and is instructed to kill his brother "who has become a thorn in both their sides." Frank has told Jackie to lie in wait in case the meeting goes wrong and only manages to avert a war by hugging the Italian leader outside the restaurant, in full view of his gang members. Frank arranges for Jackie to collect $25,000 that evening, telling him that the Italians are actually supporting them and this is a reward. Jackie takes Terry along as his secret back up, and they wait at Pier 84. Frank arrives with his lieutenant and, while Terry is trying to phone his police sergeant and undercover supervisor, Nick , whom he mistakenly told to wait at another location. Frank fatally shoots Jackie although Terry did not witness him doing this. The police finally arrive and Terry tells Nick that he is quitting as an undercover operative. At Jackie\'s funeral, Terry tells Frank he was at Pier 84 and also hands Frank his badge. Frank has instructed his gang to find and kill Terry. While Kathleen is watching the St. Patrick\'s Day parade alone, Terry goes to the bar where Frank and his gang are drinking. In a deadly shoot out, Frank and all of his men are killed. Terry is also shot and his fate is not revealed.'] ["The film is a biopic of the Irish-American mob boss and FBI informant Danny Greene, who shot his way to the top of Cleveland's criminal underworld during the late 1970s."] ['In London, the British mob boss Lenny Cole  rules the growing real estate business using a corrupt Councillor  for the bureaucratic services and his henchman Archy  for the dirty work. The main characters are introduced in Archy\'s opening voiceover . A billionaire Russian businessman, Uri Omovich , plans a crooked land deal, and London\'s crooks all want a piece of it. Other key players include the underhand accountant Stella  and ambitious small-time crook One-Two  leading a group called the "Wild Bunch" which includes Mumbles  and Handsome Bob . Uri Omovich meets Lenny for a real estate business and Lenny charges seven-million Euros for the deal; Uri accepts, calls his accountant Stella to launder the necessary funds and lends his lucky painting to Lenny to bring success and fortune to their business. Stella, however, double-crosses Uri and tips off the Wild Bunch to steal the money, while, at the same time, the lucky painting is stolen from Lenny\'s wall by his "junkie" rocker stepson Johnny Quid . In an attempt to find Johnny, Lenny and Archy enlist his record producers Mickey  and Roman  to help track him down. In order to gain leverage over them, Cole\'s men make it clear that their concerts and clubs will be shut down if they do not comply. Meanwhile, after Uri\'s money is violently stolen by the Wild Bunch a second time from a pair of Russian bodyguards, his assistant Victor begins to suspect that it is Lenny who is been stealing the money and purposely keeping Uri\'s painting from him. This theory enrages Uri, who lures Lenny to a private golf game and has his legs broken, warning him to return his painting without delay. Coincidentally, Cookie buys Uri\'s lucky painting from some crackheads who had just stolen it from Johnny\'s hideout. Cookie then gives the painting to One-Two, who, in turn, offers the painting to Stella  as a token of appreciation for the work she has provided the gang. After Stella leaves his flat, One-Two is assaulted by Uri\'s henchmen and is about to be tortured but is rescued, and then kidnapped, by Archy who had come to his home upon finding out One-Two was involved in stealing Uri\'s money. Uri makes a decision regarding Stella, whom he has been smitten with for a long time. He arrives at Stella\'s house to seal their arrangements while also asking her to marry him, but spots his lucky painting in Stella\'s living room. On being asked how long she\'s had it, Stella says she has had it for years, not knowing it is actually his. It is implied that Uri orders Victor to kill her. Meanwhile, Archy brings Johnny, the Wild Bunch, Mickey, and Roman to Lenny\'s warehouse, where Johnny begins to verbally provoke his crippled stepfather. Just as Johnny is about to reveal a damning truth about Lenny in front of everyone, Lenny shoots him in the stomach. Lenny then orders that Johnny, Roman, and Mickey be taken downstairs and executed. He angrily demands that the Wild Bunch tell him where Uri\'s money is. Handsome Bob calls out to Archy and offers the documents in his jacket pocket, confirming what Johnny had been about to reveal: that the "rat" in the ranks, codenamed "Sidney Shaw", was Lenny all along. Lenny arranged with the police to routinely throw many of his associates in prison for years at a time in order to secure his own freedom and sow fear among his gang. One-Two, Mumbles, and even Archy were among the people Lenny has informed on over the years. With the information brought to light, Archy orders Lenny\'s men to free the Wild Bunch and angrily oversees Lenny\'s execution by drowning. Meanwhile, in the lift on their way to their deaths, Johnny graphically explains to Mickey and Roman how they will be executed. His description unnerves the man who\'s to execute the 3 men, prompting him to make a move prematurely. Having also already anticipated this move, Johnny warns Mickey and Roman to intervene and kill their would-be executioner. Johnny shoots two more men waiting at the top of the lift. They overcome the last of the gangsters  and escape. Later, Archy picks up a rehabilitated, but still eccentric, Johnny Quid from the hospital. Archy gives Uri\'s lucky painting to Johnny as a peace offering and "welcome home present", which Johnny happily accepts. Archy reveals to Johnny that obtaining the painting "cost a very wealthy Russian an arm and a leg". The film closes with Johnny proclaiming that, with his newfound freedom from addiction and his father, he will do what he could not before: "become a real RocknRolla". The end credits suggest there will be a sequel titled The Real RocknRolla.'] ['Arthur Bishop  is a "mechanic" — a hit man who performs his jobs cleanly, without leaving a trace of his work. He works exclusively for an international secret organization, which has very strict rules: even those members who are becoming slightly unreliable are assassinated, long before they might jeopardize their organization. It is noted that Bishop is very sophisticated, as he regularly listens to classical music, has a remarkable art collection, and is a connoisseur of fine wines. He is evidently very wealthy, as demonstrated by his lifestyle and his exceptional house, thanks to his successful career as a hit man. However, due to the dangerous nature of his profession, Bishop is forced to live in isolation - he cannot show emotions or trust people. Bishop is under constant emotional pressure, so much so that he is prescribed medication for depression, and one day he is temporarily hospitalized when he loses consciousness as a result of the stress. In an effort to cope, Bishop pays a prostitute  to write emotional and sophisticated love letters to him because he cannot risk making friends. When Bishop is assigned by his organization to kill one of the heads, "Big Harry" McKenna , he does so with his usual sense of efficiency, imagination and detachment, shooting at Big Harry, while making him think that the shots are being fired by a hidden sniper trying to kill them both. Harry, who Bishop knows has a weak heart, is forced to run up a steep incline to escape the shots, which brings on a heart attack. Bishop then finishes Harry off by smothering him with his gloved hand, thus making it appear that the cause of death was indeed the heart attack. At Big Harry\'s funeral, Bishop meets Harry\'s narcissistic, ruthless and ambitious son Steve . Steve is intrigued by Bishop and seeks to find out more about him. Bishop is also intrigued, as he realizes that Steve has a personality becoming of a hit man, and plays along. Finally he makes Steve his apprentice, demonstrating his "tools of the trade", such as piloting, shooting, lipreading, and powerfully developed fingers. As part of this training program, Bishop teaches Steve that "every person has a weakness, and that once this weakness is found, the target is easy to kill." But Bishop fails to get his superiors\' consent for the arrangement. Following a messy contract assassination conducted by Bishop and Steve, the organization warns Bishop that his irresponsible choice to involve Steve is interpreted as selfish behavior, which cannot be tolerated "because the organization relies on \'democratic principles\' that put the survival of the group above personal ambitions". The organization then gives Bishop an urgent assassination mission, this time in Italy. Once again, Bishop involves Steve in the new plan, but just before they leave Bishop happens to find among Steve\'s belongings a file containing a lot of information about Bishop. This file is very similar to the files Bishop made concerning his assassination targets. Bishop realizes that his apprentice Steve is turning against him and starts his own private investigation into Steve\'s background. Nevertheless, Bishop allows Steve to go with him to Italy to conduct the assassination. In Italy, Bishop and Steve approach a boat where their intended victim is located, but it becomes apparent that this was a trap prepared by the organization and they are the real target. Bishop and Steve are ambushed by other assassins of the organization, but they manage to kill all their opponents, leaving no witnesses, and return to the hotel in Naples, preparing to go back to the United States. His apprenticeship apparently complete, Steve shares a celebratory bottle of wine with Bishop, having coated the latter\'s glass with brucine, a colorless and deadly alkaloid. When Bishop realizes that he has been poisoned and that he is becoming paralyzed, he asks Steve if it was because Bishop had killed Steve\'s father. Steve responds that he had not realized his father was murdered, instead believing that he had simply died of the heart attack. Steve is full of himself, and taunts Bishop, saying "you told me that everyone has a jelly spot--yours was that you couldn\'t cut it alone." Steve goes on to reveal that he wasn\'t acting on orders to kill Bishop, stating that he is going to continue picking his own targets, with the suggestion that killing Bishop was something akin to an artistic choice on Steve\'s part that establishes him  as superior and a more refined killer even than Bishop, who needed the "license" provided by the secret organization he worked for. Contemptuously leaving Bishop to die of what will appear to be a heart attack, Steve returns to the US to take over Bishop\'s life and career, arriving at Bishop\'s home to pick up the red Mustang he had left there before the overseas trip. After admiring the house and taking a souvenir, Steve goes out to the Mustang and gets in to leave. He finds a note affixed to the rear-view mirror. It is from Bishop, and reveals that he had anticipated that Steve might use the trip to Italy as an opportunity to kill Bishop. The note reads, "Steve, if you\'re reading this it means I didn\'t make it back. It also means you\'ve broken a filament controlling a 13-second delay trigger. End of game. Bang! You\'re dead." As Steve frantically reaches for the door handle, the car explodes in a seething fireball as the credits roll and the film draws to a close.'] ['On December 16, 1985, in a remote wooded cabin a mob informant with information on Luigi Patrovita, the strongest of the Chicago Mafia Dons, is being protected by FBI bodyguards. They are ambushed by a hit squad armed with automatic weapons who brutally slaughter the bodyguards and the witness. One of the agents killed while protecting the informant was Blair Shannon, son of FBI Chief Harry Shannon , who vows revenge. Small-town sheriff Mark Kaminsky  goes home to his wife  who is angry at what their lives have been reduced to and in a drunken fit, throws a cake at Mark. Kaminsky once worked for the FBI, but five years ago he brutally beat a suspect who molested, murdered, and mutilated a young girl. He was given the option to "resign or be prosecuted" by the ambitious prosecutor Marvin Baxter , who is now Special Federal Prosecutor heading up a committee looking into the dealings of mobster Luigi Patrovita . Shannon calls Kaminsky in on a secret assignment of revenge, to infiltrate Patrovita\'s organization and "tear it up". Harry can\'t do anything officially, and the FBI has a leak who has been getting agents killed, which is why Kaminsky must go in secret. Harry dangles the prospect of Kaminsky being re-instated with the FBI, leading to Kaminsky faking his own death in a chemical plant explosion and posing as convicted felon Joseph P. Brenner. Kaminsky manages to get an audience with Patrovita\'s right hand man Rocca , and convinces them of his worth by harassing Martin Lamanski , a rival mob boss who is trying to move in on Patrovita\'s territory. While at Rocca\'s underground casino, he makes the acquaintance of Monique , a woman who works for Rocca\'s top lieutenant Max Keller . Kaminsky continues to work his way into the good graces of the Patrovita family, including devising a plan that recovers $100 million of heroin and cash seized by the feds from one of Patrovita\'s hideouts and assisting in Lamanski\'s assassination. Keller isn\'t convinced that \'Brenner\' is all that he says he is. Keller eventually manages to find proof of the deception, showing Kaminsky\'s photo to a police informant who arrested the real Brenner in the past. The leak the FBI has been looking for is revealed as none other than Baxter, who is forced to stay close to Patrovita. Kaminsky accompanies Keller to a cemetery for a hit job, but finds out that the target is Harry Shannon, which causes him to blow his cover. Kaminsky and Shannon manage to kill Keller and the other hit man who came along, but not without Shannon being shot and severely wounded. Kaminsky escapes, assisted by Monique . He tells her to go to the airport and wait for him. He then suits up, gathers an arsenal of firearms and raids one of Patrovita\'s gravel pits, eventually killing everyone  and walking off with the cash left behind. He then sets off to Patrovita\'s casino, hidden in a basement level of a high class hotel. There he single-handedly wipes out all of Patrovita\'s soldiers, including the men directly responsible for the murder of Blair Shannon and his fellow FBI agents. Rocca and Patrovita flee to a back room, but before they can do anything Rocca is cut down in a barrage of gunfire. Patrovita flees into an office pleading for his life, but Kaminsky mercilessly guns him down and leaves his body sprawled on a table. On his way out, he encounters a whimpering Baxter and offers him a gun with the same line Baxter gave him five years earlier: "Resign, or be prosecuted. Any way you want it." Kaminsky starts to walk off, and when Baxter attempts to shoot him, Kaminsky turns and shoots Baxter in self-defense. After driving to the airport, Kaminsky hands a duffel bag containing $250,000 in cash to Monique and gets her on a chartered plane, telling her she is free and can start a new life with no obligations to anyone. The epilogue shows Kaminsky visiting Shannon in a hospital, who was crippled as a result of the gunshot wound to his back and has been refusing any therapy or rehabilitation. Kaminsky has been reinstated into the FBI, and his reunion with his wife has now led to Amy being pregnant. Kaminsky wants Shannon to be godfather to the child, but only if Shannon will attempt to walk. Shannon at first cannot walk easily and angrily asks Kaminsky to leave him be, but then Kaminsky tells Shannon he must show the same strength that made him a good father to Blair. Inspired by the love for his son and his gratitude to Kaminski, Shannon makes a strong effort and eventually manages to walk a few feet on his own, embraced by a smiling Kaminsky.'] ['{{expand section}} Bert Harris, works for a hotel as a bellboy. One day he meets Anne Roberts, who signs up as a chambermaid. He takes a fancy to her and lets her in on his racket, conning people out of money.'] ['Colin Sullivan  is introduced to organized crime by Irish-American mobster Frank Costello  in the Irish neighborhood of South Boston. Costello trains him to become a mole inside the Massachusetts State Police. Sullivan is accepted into the Special Investigations Unit, which focuses on organized crime. Before he graduates from the police academy, Billy Costigan  is asked by Captain Queenan  and Staff Sergeant Dignam  to go undercover, as his family ties to organized crime make him a perfect infiltrator. He drops out of the academy and does time in prison on a fake assault charge to increase his credibility. As both infiltrate their respective organizations, Sullivan begins a romance with psychiatrist Madolyn Madden . Costigan sees her for his probation and also develops a relationship with her. After Costello escapes a sting operation, both moles become aware of the other\'s existence. Sullivan is told to find the "rat" and asks Costello for information to determine who is the informer within his crew. Costigan follows Costello into a movie theater where Costello gives Sullivan an envelope containing personal information on his crew members. Costigan then chases Sullivan through Chinatown. When it is over, neither man knows the other\'s identity. Sullivan has Queenan tailed to a meeting with Costigan. Costello\'s men go in and Queenan is killed. When they exit, Costigan pretends he has come to join them. Later, Costello\'s henchman, Fitzgibbons , reveals that Delahunt , a crew member, was an undercover cop. Dignam is forced to step down as a consequence. Using Queenan\'s phone, Sullivan reaches Costigan, who refuses to abort his mission. Sullivan learns of Costello\'s role as an informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation from Queenan\'s diary, causing him to worry about his identity being revealed. With Costigan\'s help, Costello is traced to a cocaine drop-off, where a gunfight erupts between his crew and police, resulting in most of the crew being killed. Costello, confronted by Sullivan, admits he is an occasional FBI informant. Sullivan then shoots him multiple times. With Costello dead, Sullivan is applauded the next day by everyone on the force. In good faith, Costigan comes to him for restoration of his true identity, but notices the envelope from Costello on Sullivan\'s desk and flees. Knowing he has been found out, Sullivan erases all records of Costigan from the police computer system. Madolyn tells Sullivan that she is pregnant, but does not reveal who the father is. Later, she discovers a package from Costigan containing a CD with recordings of Costello\'s conversations with Sullivan. Sullivan walks in as she is listening and tries unsuccessfully to assuage her suspicions. He contacts Costigan, who reveals that Costello recorded every conversation he had with Sullivan. Costello\'s attorney left Costigan in possession of the recordings and he intends to implicate Sullivan. They agree to meet at the building where Queenan died. On the roof, Costigan catches Sullivan off-guard and handcuffs him. As Costigan had secretly arranged, Officer Brown appears on the roof as well. Shocked, Brown draws his gun on Costigan, who attempts to justify his actions by exposing Sullivan as the rat. Costigan asks Brown why Dignam did not accompany him, but Brown does not answer. Costigan leads Sullivan to the elevator. When it reaches the ground floor, Costigan is shot in the head by Officer Barrigan, who then shoots Brown and reveals to Sullivan that Costello had more than one mole in the police. When Barrigan turns, Sullivan shoots him in the head. At police headquarters, Sullivan identifies Barrigan as the mole and has Costigan posthumously given the Medal of Merit. At Costigan\'s funeral, Sullivan and Madolyn stand at the grave. Sullivan attempts to talk to her, but she ignores him. When Sullivan enters his apartment, Dignam, wearing hospital footies and surgical gloves, shoots him in the head with a silenced pistol.'] ["Two Hands is set in locations around Sydney, starting in the red light district of Kings Cross. Jimmy, while working at a strip club, is approached by local mob boss Pando who says he has work for him. Pando gives Jimmy $10,000 to deliver to a woman in Bondi, and when she appears not to be home, he goes for a swim on the beach. Unfortunately the $10,000 is stolen by street kids while he is swimming, leaving him heavily indebted to the understandably furious Pando and his gang. The street kids Helen  and Pete , go on a spending spree with their new found wealth. The car Jimmy was using on the job—a Ford Falcon belonging to Pando's associate Acko—is stolen by a young man and taken to a mechanic with the intention to sell the car. The mechanic happens to be a friend of Acko's, who, displeased at the news of his car being stolen, suspects Jimmy's involvement. Acko arrives to recover the car but on the way, speeding there his car hits and kills street kid Pete. Helen watches in disbelief as Acko simply picks the dead boy's body off the street and dumps it in the gutter, concerned more about the damage to his car. He drives off leaving Helen alone, crying by her dead friend. Jimmy comes up with a plan to pay off the debt by robbing a bank the next day in Bankstown, New South Wales along with two others. The night before he arranges to meet new friend and love interest Alex  at a pub. Unfortunately the meeting's arrangements are heard by Les, a friend jealous of Alex's attraction to Jimmy and keen to get in with Pando's gang. After informing the gang of the couple's whereabouts, Jimmy is forced to flee the pub with Alex, attempting to escape on the Sydney Monorail, however the escape proves unsuccessful and Jimmy is taken to a remote location where the gang plan to kill him. Through the indirect intervention of Jimmy's dead brother , Jimmy is able to escape alive, and make his way back home to prepare for the bank robbery. The robbery is not without its problems, as the getaway driver is killed by the police but is on the whole successful. Jimmy gets the money he needs, escaping in a stolen Toyota Celica with his remaining accomplice. Ironically, the stolen auto's radio station bumper sticker is spotted by that station's competition team, who give chase attempting to award Jimmy a $10,000 prize. In anger, and not wanting to be identified after the robbery, Jimmy rams them off the road. Jimmy returns to Pando's office to pay off his debt, but thinking he has a gun the gang once again attempt to kill him. Luckily he is able to give them the money before he is killed, and is now offered more work by Pando for his impressive performance escaping the gang on their first attempt to kill him. Jimmy leaves in disgust after pulling a gun on Pando. As Jimmy leaves, Helen one of the street kids passes Jimmy, and in retaliation for the death of her friend she shoots Pando and all his mates dead. The movie ends with Jimmy and Alex buying tickets at an airport to a location 'up north', away from the pressures of life in Sydney.  The Australian DVD released film ends as described above and does not feature any other type of ending as an extra or outtake on the DVD. However the televised version of the film featured a longer ending. Immediately after the scene with Jimmy and Alex purchasing their air tickets, is a scene where Jimmy’s brother Michael delivers a brief monologue completing the karmic message of the film. A beam of light shines down from the heavens and Michael attempts to run to the light, however he is grabbed by a series of hands which erupt from the ground and pull him back down into the earth that he escaped from in the opening introduction scene of the film."] ['During Prohibition, Al Capone  has nearly the whole city of Chicago under his control and supplies liquor at high prices. Bureau of Prohibition agent Eliot Ness , summoned to stop Capone, conducts raids using a large squad of officers. After his efforts fail due to corrupt policemen tipping off Capone, he meets a grizzled, seasoned Irish American officer Jim Malone  and is told to enlist men from the police academy who have not yet come under Capone\'s influence. Italian American trainee George Stone , is enlisted due to his superior marksmanship and intelligence. They are joined by accountant Oscar Wallace , assigned to Ness from Washington, D.C. The four make an unorthodox raid at the bank and find an entire room of shipped liquor. They successfully arrest the workers and guards. Wallace informs Ness that Capone has not filed an income tax return in four years; therefore, they can try Capone for tax evasion. Ness is visited by an alderman who tries to bribe him into dropping the investigation, but Ness throws him out. Meanwhile, Capone is in a meeting and, after sharing his philosophy on baseball and teamwork, promptly beats and kills the man who was in charge of the busted operation with a baseball bat. When Frank Nitti  threatens Ness\'s family, Ness has them moved to a safer place, then takes the team to the Canada – United States border for a raid on a liquor shipment. Ness chases one of the gangsters into an empty house and kills him in self-defense. Malone captures George , a Capone bookkeeper, and brings him back to the house for interrogation. George proves uncooperative, so Malone grabs the dead man and shoots him to coerce George into cooperating, much to the dismay of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police who have assisted in the raid. At the police station, Nitti kills Wallace and George in an elevator and writes "TOUCHABLE" on the wall in Wallace\'s blood. Ness angrily confronts Capone and his men, but Malone intervenes, as Capone mocks Ness over the death of his friend. Malone persuades Ness to stall the district attorney  from dropping the case, then corners policeman Mike Dorsett, who sold out Wallace and George to Capone. Malone learns about another Capone accountant, Walter Payne, and calls Ness with the news. A knife-wielding thug breaks into Malone\'s home; Malone forces him out the front door with a shotgun, but steps into an ambush set up by Nitti and the latter riddles him with bullets. He lives long enough for Ness and Stone to find him, and shows them which train Payne will take out of town before he dies. Ness and Stone arrive at Union Station and find Payne guarded by several gangsters. After a fierce shootout, the two succeed in killing the gangsters and taking Payne alive. Payne testifies in court about the cash flows throughout the Capone organization, with the result of $1 million. Ness, however, notices that Capone seems unperturbed despite the probability of serving a long prison sentence, and also sees Nitti carrying a gun inside his jacket. He escorts Nitti out of the courtroom with the bailiff and discovers that Nitti has the mayor\'s permission to carry the weapon. Ness identifies Nitti as Malone\'s assassin after seeing Malone\'s address in Nitti\'s matchbook. Nitti shoots the bailiff in a panic and flees to the roof of the building, but Ness corners him. Ness says Nitti will pay for killing Malone, but when Nitti makes snide comments about Malone\'s death , Ness pushes him off the roof. In the courtroom, Stone shows Ness a document from Nitti\'s jacket that reveals that the jury was bribed, explaining Capone\'s relaxed mood. The judge has no intention of using it as evidence until Ness bluffs that the judge\'s name is in Payne\'s ledger of payoffs. The judge decides to switch juries with a neighboring courtroom and restart the trial. Capone is furious and orders his lawyer to do something but he can only think of changing Capone\'s status to guilty. Capone is later sentenced to 11 years in prison. Packing up his Chicago office, Ness ponders the Saint Jude pendant that Malone had carried with him for many years, and which Malone had given to him before dying. He gives the pendant to Stone, reasoning that Malone would have wanted a cop to have it. A reporter mentions that Prohibition is due to be repealed and asks what Ness might do then, Ness responds, "I think I\'ll have a drink."'] ['Although there are detail differences between the stage and movie versions, the plot is essentially based on the activities of New York petty criminals and professional gamblers in the late 1940s. Gambler Nathan Detroit  is under pressure from all sides: He has to organize an unlicensed crap game but the police, led by Lieutenant Brannigan ([[Robert Keith , are "putting on the heat". All the places where Nathan usually holds his games refuse him entry due to Brannigan\'s intimidating pressure. The owner of the Biltmore garage does agree to host the game provided Nathan pays him $1000 in cash in advance. The garage owner will not even accept a "marker" or IOU, he insists on having the money itself. Adding to Nathan\'s problems, his fiancée, Miss Adelaide , a nightclub singer, wants to bring an end to their 14-year engagement and actually tie the knot. She also wants him to go straight, but organizing illegal gambling is the only thing he\'s good at. Trying to obtain the money for the garage, Nathan meets an old acquaintance, Sky Masterson , a gambler willing to bet on virtually anything and for high amounts. Nathan proposes a $1000 bet by which Sky must take a girl of Nathan\'s choosing to dinner in Havana, Cuba. The bet seems impossible for Sky to win when Nathan nominates Sergeant Sarah Brown , a straight-walking sister at the Save a Soul Mission  which opposes gambling. Sarah herself has problems. She has been in charge of the Broadway branch of the Mission for some time now and no drunks or gamblers have come in to confess or reform. To approach Sarah, Sky pretends that he is a gambler who wants to change. Sarah sees how expensively dressed he is and she is suspicious: "It\'s just so unusual for a successful sinner to be unhappy about sin." Seeing that the Mission is and has been empty and unsuccessful, "a store full of repentance and no customers", Sky suggests a bargain: He will get a dozen sinners into the Mission for her Thursday night meeting in return for her having dinner with him in Havana. With General Matilda Cartwright  threatening to close the Broadway branch for lack of participation, Sarah has little choice left, and agrees to the date. Confident that he will win his bet with Sky, Nathan has gathered together all the gamblers, including a visitor that tough-guy Harry the Horse  has invited: Big Jule , a Chicago mobster. When Lieutenant Brannigan appears and notices this gathering of "senior delinquents", Nathan\'s sidekick, Benny Southstreet  covers it up by claiming that they are celebrating the fact that Nathan is getting married to Adelaide. Nathan is shocked by this, but is forced to play along. Later, when he notices the Save a Soul Mission band passing by and sees that Sarah is not among them, he collapses on the realization that he has lost his bet with Sky. He has no money and nowhere to house the crap game, and, since Adelaide was present at the "wedding announcement" Benny Southstreet dreamed up, he is now apparently committed to actually marrying Adelaide. He does love Adelaide, but is uneasy about going straight, either maritally or lawfully. Over the course of their short stay in Cuba, Sky manages to break down Sarah\'s social inhibitions, partly through disguised alcoholic drinks, and they begin to fall in love with one another. He even confesses that the whole date was part of a bet, but she forgives him as she realizes that his love for her is sincere. They return to Broadway at dawn and meet the Save a Soul Mission band which, on Sky\'s advice, has been parading all night. At that moment police sirens can be heard, and before they know it the gamblers led by Nathan Detroit are hurrying out of a back room of the Mission, where they took advantage of the empty premises to hold the crap game. The police arrive too late to make any arrests, but Lieutenant Brannigan finds the absence of Sarah and the other Save a Soul members too convenient to have been a coincidence. He implies that it was all Sky\'s doing: "Masterson, I had you in my big-time book. Now I suppose I\'ll have to reclassify you &mdash; under shills and decoys". His suspicions are passed on to Sarah, who dumps Sky there and then, refusing to accept his denials. In the meantime Sky has to make good his arrangement with Sarah to provide sinners to the Mission. Sarah would rather forget the whole thing, but Uncle Arvide Abernathy , who acts as a kind of father figure to her, warns Sky that "If you don\'t make that marker good, I\'m going to buzz it all over town you\'re a welcher." Nathan has continued the crap game in a sewer. With his revolver visible in its shoulder holster, Big Jule, who has lost all his money, forces Nathan to play against him while he cheats, cleaning Nathan out. Sky enters and knocks Big Jule down and removes his pistol. Sky, who has been stung and devastated by Sarah\'s rejection, lies to Nathan about succeeding in the bet to take her to Havana, and pays Nathan the $1000. Nathan tells Big Jule he now has money to play him again, but Harry the Horse says that Big Jule can\'t play without cheating because "he cannot make a pass to save his soul". Sky overhears this, and the phrasing inspires him to make a bold bet: He will roll the dice, and if he loses he will give all the other gamblers $1000 each; if he wins they are all to attend a prayer meeting at the Mission. The Mission is near to closing when suddenly the gamblers come parading in, taking up most of the room. Sky won the roll. They grudgingly confess their sins, though they show little sign of repentance: "Well ... I was always a bad guy. I was even a bad gambler. I would like to be a good guy and a good gambler. I thank you." Even Big Jule declares: "I used to be bad when I was a kid. But ever since then I\'ve gone straight, as I can prove by my record &mdash; 33 arrests and no convictions." Nicely-Nicely Johnson  however, recalling a dream he had the night before, seems to have an authentic connection to the Mission\'s aim, and this satisfies everyone. When Nathan tells Sarah that Sky denied winning the Cuba bet, which she knows he won, she hurries off in order to make up with him. It all ends with a double wedding in the middle of Times Square, with Sky marrying Sarah, and Nathan marrying Adelaide, who is given away by Lieutenant Brannigan. Arvide Abernathy performs the dual ceremony. Nicely-Nicely has joined the Save a Soul Mission, and he and General Matilda Cartwright are sweet on each other. As the film closes, the two newlywed couples are escorted from the wedding to their respective love nests inside police cars, with lights festively flashing and sirens blaring.'] ['"The Next Hit" is a mystery suspense thriller about a record company that takes an unorthodox approach to boosting sales; which is to put out a \'hit\' on their marquee talent\'s life with hopes of creating a multi-platinum recording legend. After a long slump of declining record sales, Super Starr Records\' luck ironically takes an upturn when their marquee rap artist is murdered during some major music industry feuds. Record sales hit the roof but the death seems to be a mystery to everyone. Though the killers have done a great job covering up their tracks, a loose end emerges as the dead rapper\'s label mate, Rodson Gray is suspected of knowing information that can expose the culprits. When several attempts are made on Rod\'s life his popularity increases resulting in more sales for Super Starr Records. While the fame makes it hard to hide, Rod and his girlfriend Ana are forced on a wild run for their lives. The plot thickens when Rodson discovers that Ana and Super Starr Records were actually in on the ploy from the start.The New Hit . Retrieved on September 1, 2008 from the IMDB Website http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1098360/plotsummary'] ['Upon release from prison, gangster Eddie Kagle  is killed by his partner in crime, Smiley Williams . Kagle ends up in Hell, where "Nick"  offers him a chance to get out of hell and get revenge in exchange for help with a problem. He looks exactly like Judge Frederick Parker, an upright man who is entirely too honest and liable to cause more trouble in future, since he is running for governor of his state. Kagle readily agrees. Nick arranges to have Kagle take over Parker\'s body. Then, funny things start happening. Kagle pursues his goal with evil intent , but everything he does to smear the judge\'s reputation somehow ends up making Parker look better. Along the way, Kagle becomes acquainted with Barbara Foster , the judge\'s fiancée. He falls in love with her himself, causing him to question his whole outlook on life. Finally, he rebels. Kagle is offered the opportunity to shoot Williams but instead confronts the man with the truth. Shocked and frightened, Williams backs away and accidentally falls out an open window to his death. Exasperated and defeated, Nick takes Kagle back to Hell, leaving Judge Parker much better off than before. Nick threatens to make the reformed man\'s existence even more painful than usual, but Kagle blackmails his would-be tormentor; in return for not talking about how Nick messed up so badly, Kagle gets himself made a trustee.'] ['Irish brothers Connor and Murphy McManus attend Mass at a Catholic Church, where the priest mentions the fate of Kitty Genovese. Later, while celebrating St. Patrick\'s Day with friends, the two get into a bar brawl with three Russian mobsters who want to close the pub and take over the land it is built on. The two brothers try to reason with the mobsters, but the latter respond with violence. The next morning, two of the Russians seek revenge on Connor and Murphy, who kill the mobsters in an act of self-defense. FBI Special Agent Paul Smecker is assigned to the case, and finds that the Police and local news reporters see them as heroes. During an interview with Smecker, they reveal that their mother insisted they be fluent in several languages , something they demonstrate as an explanation of how they communicated with the mobsters. Connor and Murphy retell their incident to Smecker and to avoid attention from the media Smecker allows the brothers to spend the night in a holding cell, where they receive what appears to be a "calling" from God telling them to hunt down wicked men so that the innocent will flourish. Connor and Murphy resolve to rid Boston of evil men, with their friend and former mob errand boy Rocco eventually joining them to help. Connor learns of a meeting of Russian syndicate bosses at a hotel from a pager taken from one of the dead Russian mobsters. Having equipped themselves with weaponry from a local underground gun dealer, the brothers quickly kill eight of the nine bosses and underbosses, and they save the leader, Yuri Petrov. The brothers recite their family prayer and kill Petrov with two gunshots to the back of the head—the bullets cross and go out his eye sockets. They place coins on the eyes of all nine bodies, as if to pay the toll to cross the River Styx. During the investigation, Smecker believes that the killings of the Russian mobsters are the result of the beginning of a mob war. The next day, Rocco learns that he was set up and sold out by his boss, Giuseppe "Papa Joe" Yakavetta, as he confirms that Papa Joe attempted to send Rocco to the hotel to solely confront the Russian mobsters at the hotel with only a revolver . Rocco kills three of the mob members who were in on the setup, and decides to officially join the McManus brothers in their mission. That night, the McManus brothers and Rocco hunt down an underboss of the Yakavetta crime family, Vincenzo Lapazzi, at a live peep show and kill him. A few other criminals are killed as well. These incidents lead Smecker to dismiss the gang war theory he earlier brought up. In response to the growing threat from the three vigilantes, Papa Joe contracts the feared hitman, Il Duce  to deal with them. After killing a criminal that Rocco had a personal hatred for at the former\'s house, the three men are ambushed by Il Duce as they are exiting the house. Although they manage to chase Il Duce away, the three men suffer from wounds, the most serious being the loss of Rocco\'s finger. Rather than risk going to a hospital and having to explain the bullet wounds, the three cauterize the wounds with an iron. Hours later as the Police conduct an investigation on the spot of where the firefight took place, the investigation seems futile since the brothers covered their tracks by spraying any blood left behind with ammonia. However, during his frustrated rant, Smecker happens upon the part of the finger lost by Rocco. Smecker decides to do an independent investigation to see who was behind the gun battle and is able to track the evidence down to Rocco and his two allies. This leaves Smecker in a difficult scenario, and struggles with the choice of whether to prosecute the three men, or join them in their cause, as Smecker had become sympathetic towards the brothers\' actions. After getting severely drunk at a gay bar and insulting several people, Smecker wanders into a Catholic church confessional. Smecker decides to help the three men, all of whom are listening in on his conversation with the reluctant priest. He later questions the retired mob boss who had helped Papa Joe recruit "Il Duce" and finds out that the brothers are walking into a trap. Later, the brothers and Rocco infiltrate the Yakavetta headquarters to finish off the family, followed by Smecker who dresses in drag to gain admittance. The brothers are captured, and Rocco is shot and killed by Papa Joe. Meanwhile, Smecker kills two men before being knocked unconscious by Il Duce, in accordance with one of his two rules: no women, no children. As Papa Joe leaves his house, the brothers manage to escape and subdue their captors. As the brothers say their family prayer over Rocco, Il Duce enters the room and is prepared to open fire. However, it is revealed that Il Duce is the brothers\' father, Noah. He finishes the prayer and decides to join his two sons in their mission to destroy all evil. Three months later, Papa Joe is sent to trial. However, the reporters on-scene anticipate his acquittal. The brothers and Noah, aided by Agent Smecker and three detectives, infiltrate the trial, after sliding their weapons over the metal detector, unmasked, and make a speech stating that they intend to eradicate evil wherever they find it before the three men recite their family prayer and kill Papa Joe in front of the audience. The media dubs the three as "the Saints", and the movie ends with various candid interviews with the public, reflecting on the question "Are the Saints ultimately good...or evil?"'] ['In Prohibition-era Texas, a mysterious character   drives into Jericho, near the Mexican border . The town is virtually deserted except for two feuding bootleg gangs – the Italians under Fredo Strozzi, and the Irish under Doyle – that have driven the other residents away, aside from the bartender Joe Monday , an undertaker, M. Blair "Smiley" Richardson, a mechanic, "Slim", and a corrupt sheriff, Ed Galt , all of whom make their living by catering to Jericho\'s criminal elements. Smith immediately establishes a reputation by outdrawing and killing Doyle\'s top shooter, called Finn, a brazen act that gets the attention of both gangs. Smith promptly hires himself out to Strozzi\'s gang for what Strozzi  predicts is an upcoming gang war. Seeing an opportunity to make some easy money while he is on the way to Mexico, he begins playing the two gangs against each other. This includes seducing Strozzi\'s mistress, Lucy  and slipping information to Doyle\'s gang through the Sheriff. The gang war re-starts when Strozzi suborns Ramirez, a corrupt Mexican police capitán escorting a convoy of Doyle\'s trucks through Mexico to Doyle . The Mexican police murder Doyle\'s men and turn the trucks over to Strozzi. Smith then quits Strozzi\'s gang and hires himself to Doyle\'s, bringing valuable information with him. Doyle\'s right-hand man, Hickey , interrupts a meeting between the Mexican police captain and Strozzi\'s cousin Giorgio . After killing the captain , Hickey takes Giorgio hostage and Doyle demands that Strozzi give up his entire operation in exchange for him. Strozzi forces a stalemate by kidnapping Felina , Doyle\'s captive mistress. Doyle agrees to exchange the two prisoners and the two gangs scatter. Smith is summoned by the Sheriff to meet with Captain Tom Pickett  of the Texas Rangers, who is upset over the death of the Border Patrol officer. He warns that he can tolerate one gang in Jericho, but not two and if more than one remains in Jericho in ten days time, he will bring a squad of Rangers into Jericho and wipe out both gangs. Lucy comes to Smith and reveals that Strozzi, angered after the exchange, beat her and had Giorgio cut her ear off when she revealed her affair with Smith. Smith gives her some money and puts her on a bus out of Jericho. The next day Smith relays a false rumor that Strozzi is bringing in more soldiers. Playing on Doyle\'s obsession with Felina, he makes Doyle afraid that Strozzi will try to kidnap her again, and Doyle orders Smith to the safehouse where Felina is. Smith kills the men guarding Felina and sends her away with a car and a roll of money. The next day, Smith is waiting at the safehouse when Doyle arrives, and claims that he arrived too late, Strozzi\'s men had already killed the guards and abducted Felina. Doyle goes berserk and declares all-out war on Strozzi\'s gang. Smith\'s plan goes awry when Hickey puts together the truth. Doyle imprisons Smith and has him tortured, demanding to know where Felina is. Smith refuses to talk. Later that night, he escapes by killing two of Doyle\'s men, and escapes town with the aid of Joe Monday and the Sheriff. As they are driving out of town, they see Doyle\'s gang slaughtering Strozzi\'s at a roadhouse. Strozzi and Giorgio are the last two to die. Smith takes refuge at a remote church where Felina went to pray. Two days later, Sheriff Galt arrives and informs Smith that Joe was caught smuggling food and water to Smith and that Doyle will probably torture him to death. He then hands Smith his twin Colt .45s and informs him that that is all the help Smith can expect from him. Smith returns to town and storms Doyle\'s headquarters, gunning down the remainder of his men and rescuing Joe. Doyle and Hickey are absent, having gone down to Mexico in a desperate search for Felina. In the final scene, Doyle, Hickey and Sheriff Galt\'s deputy Bob, confront Smith at the burned-out remains of Strozzi\'s hideout. Doyle, still despondent over the loss of Felina, tells Smith they can be partners and begs him to reveal where to find her. Before he can get further, Joe shoots Doyle with a Wild-West era revolver, and Smith shoots Bob before he can retaliate. Hickey drops his Tommy Gun and says he doesn\'t want to die in Texas  and starts to walk away . With lightning speed he turns and quickdraws a pistol from his holster, but Smith is faster, and kills Hickey. Smith gets into his Ford car and drives on to Mexico, his original destination. He reflects that he is as broke as he was when he first arrived, having given all the money he made off the two gangs to various women in order to get them out of town, including Felina and Lucy. However, he consoles himself that everyone in the two gangs is better off dead.'] ['The Rico brothers are mobsters in the employ of a syndicate head, Sid Kubick . Eddie Rico  has given up crime, but the other Ricos  have not. This causes a rift in the family. Eddie gets word that his brothers have been marked for murder. He tries to warn them, yet what Eddie does not know, at least until the last moments of the film, is that Kubick is the man who has ordered the Rico boys murdered.'] ['Chas  is a soldier in an East London gang led by Harry Flowers ; his speciality is intimidation through violence as he collects pay-offs for Flowers. He is very good at his job, and has a reputation for liking it. His sexual liaisons are casual and rough. When Flowers decides to take over a betting shop, owned by Joey Maddocks , he forbids Chas to get involved, as he feels Chas\'s complicated personal history with Maddocks may lead to trouble. Chas is angry about this and later humiliates Maddocks, who retaliates by wrecking Chas\'s apartment and attacking Chas himself. Chas shoots him, packs a suitcase and runs from the scene. When Flowers makes it clear that he has no intention of offering protection to Chas but instead wants him eliminated, Chas decides to head for the countryside to hide, but instead winds up hiding out in London, requesting a trusted friend help him get out of the country. He assumes a new name, Johnny Dean, appears at the house of Turner , ingratiates himself with Pherber , one of the female inhabitants, and moves in. Turner is a reclusive, eccentric former rock star who has "lost his demon" and who lives there with his female friends Pherber and Lucy , with whom he enjoys a non-possessive and bi-sexual ménage à trois. At first, Chas is contemptuous of Turner and Turner attempts to return the rent paid in advance but they start influencing each other. Chas also enjoys intimate moments with Pherber during which he shows his homophobic tendencies. Pherber and Turner understand his conflict and want to understand what makes him function so well within his world. To speed up the process they make him take hallucinogenic drugs . After that evening Chas opens up. He begins a caring relationship with Lucy, implying that he outgrew the psychological boundaries he was stuck in due to having to function as a stereotypically masculine man within a gangster world. Subsequently, at the end of the film, Turner is shot by Chas and Pherber is last seen hiding in a cupboard. Chas seems to agree to be \'welcomed back\' to his former boss Harry Flowers by Rosie , another Flowers thug; we understand that they are going to kill him. As the car drives off, the face we see through the window is ambiguous – it could be Chas or it could be Turner.'] ['A Los Angeles District Attorney  is attempting to take an unwilling murder witness  back to the United States from Canada to testify against a top-level mob boss. Frantically attempting to escape two deadly hit men sent to silence her, they board a Vancouver-bound train only to find the killers are on board with them. For the next 20 hours, as the train hurls through the beautiful but isolated Canadian wilderness, a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues in which their ability to tell friend from foe is a matter of life and death.'] ['In 1980, Cuban refugee Tony Montana  arrives in Miami during the Mariel boatlift. He, along with his best friend Manny Ribera , and their associates Angel  and Chi-Chi , are sent to "Freedomtown", a refugee camp. In exchange for killing a former Cuban government official at the request of wealthy drug dealer Frank Lopez, the group are released from Freedomtown and given green cards. On the outside, they are offered a deal by Frank\'s henchman Omar Suarez  to buy cocaine from Colombian dealers. The deal falls through and Angel is murdered with a chainsaw by the Colombians. Manny and Chi-Chi storm the apartment before the same fate befalls Tony, and the Colombians are killed. Suspecting that Omar betrayed them, Tony and Manny insist on taking the money and drugs retrieved from the deal to Frank personally. Impressed, Frank hires Tony and Manny. During their meeting, Tony meets, and is instantly attracted to Elvira Hancock , Frank\'s girlfriend. Months later, Tony visits his mother Georgina , and younger sister, Gina , of whom he is fiercely protective. His mother is disgusted by his life of crime and throws him out. As Tony gets in his waiting car, Manny comments on Gina\'s beauty before being warned by Tony to stay away from her. Frank sends Tony and Omar to Bolivia to meet with cocaine kingpin Alejandro Sosa . Tony agrees to a deal with Sosa without Frank\'s approval, and Omar leaves to contact Frank. Sosa discloses that Omar is a police informant and then has Tony witness as a beaten Omar is pushed to his death from a helicopter. Tony vouches for the rest of his organization and Frank, and Sosa agrees to the deal, parting with a warning that Tony should never betray him. In Miami, Frank is infuriated by Omar\'s demise and the unauthorized deal struck by Tony. Frank and Tony\'s relationship dissolves, and Tony establishes his own organization and informs Elvira of his intentions toward her. At a nightclub, Tony is shaken down by corrupt detective Mel Bernstein , who proposes to "tax" Tony\'s business dealings in return for police protection and information. Tony angers Frank further by openly pursuing Elvira in the club. Tony sees Gina dancing with a drug dealer. He throws the dealer out, and following a heated exchange he slaps Gina. Manny takes Gina home. Hitmen attempt to assassinate Tony, but he escapes. Suspecting that Frank sent both Bernstein and the hitmen, Tony, Manny and Chi-Chi go to Frank\'s office, where they find him with Bernstein. When a planned phone call by one of Tony\'s henchmen sets up Frank\'s involvement, Manny kills Frank and Tony kills Bernstein. Tony takes Elvira and seizes Frank\'s empire. With Sosa\'s supplies, Tony builds a multi-million dollar empire, and he later marries Elvira. However, the operation struggles as Tony and Elvira excessively use cocaine, Tony\'s money launderer demands more pay, and Manny grows resentful as Tony takes all credit for their success. Eventually, Tony is charged with money laundering and tax evasion after a police sting operation. Sosa offers to use his government connections to keep Tony out of jail if Tony assassinates a Bolivian journalist intending to expose Sosa during a speech to the United Nations. Later, Tony further pushes Manny and Elvira away by blaming Manny for his arrest and accusing Elvira of being infertile due to her drug use. After a fight, Elvira leaves Tony. In New York City, Tony, Chi-Chi and Sosa\'s henchman Alberto  prepare for the assassination. Alberto plants a bomb on the journalist\'s car, but when he is unexpectedly accompanied by his family, Tony calls off the mission. Alberto insists on continuing, forcing Tony to kill him. Later, Tony learns that Manny and Gina have been missing for several days. Returning home, Tony is contacted by a furious Sosa over the mission failure. Sosa ends their business relationship and reminds Tony that he should not have betrayed him. In search of Gina, Tony goes to his mother\'s house where he is given an address in Coconut Grove. Arriving at the address, he finds Manny in a robe. When Tony also sees Gina in a robe, he kills Manny. Gina tells Tony that she and Manny had just gotten married and were planning to surprise him. Tony and his men take Gina to Tony\'s mansion. Tony declares war on Sosa before burying his face in a large mound of cocaine. Meanwhile, Sosa\'s men have already begun assaulting the mansion and killing Tony\'s men. A drugged Gina accuses Tony of wanting her himself, before shooting him in the leg. One of Sosa\'s men shoots Gina. Tony kills the man and becomes distraught at the sight of Gina\'s corpse. In a cocaine-fueled fury, Tony uses a grenade-launcher equipped rifle to assault Sosa\'s men. Tony is repeatedly shot, but continues to fight until he is shot in the back. Tony\'s corpse falls into a fountain below, in front of a statue reading "The World is Yours".'] ['Eight men eat breakfast at a Los Angeles diner before their planned diamond heist. Six of them use aliases: Mr. Blonde , Mr. Blue , Mr. Brown , Mr. Orange , Mr. Pink , and Mr. White . With them are gangster Joe Cabot , the organizer of the heist and his son, "Nice Guy" Eddie . After they leave the diner, the action abruptly cuts to a speeding car, in which Mr White comforts Mr Orange, who has been shot in the abdomen and is bleeding profusely. Shortly after they reach an abandoned warehouse, Mr. Pink arrives and angrily suggests that the job was a setup due to the rapid police response. The men also discuss Mr Blonde, who murdered several civilians after the alarm triggered. Mr. White is angered that Joe, an old friend of his, employed such a "psychopath" and agrees about a possible setup while Mr. Pink reveals that he escaped with the diamonds and hid them in a secure location. They argue over whether to take the now unconscious Mr Orange to a hospital, while Mr White reveals that he had revealed his true identity to Mr Orange, after bonding with him. Mr Blonde, having watched them from a distance, steps forward and ends the dispute. Mr White berates him for his deadly rampage, but Mr Blonde dismisses the criticism. He tells the others to wait as Eddie is on his way there. Mr Blonde has also taken a police officer, Marvin Nash , hostage and the three men beat Nash in an attempt to find out if there is an informant. Eddie then arrives and orders Mr Pink and Mr White to assist him in retrieving the stolen diamonds and dispose of the hijacked vehicles, while Mr Blonde stays with Nash and the unconscious Mr Orange. Alone with Mr Blonde, Nash denies any knowledge of a setup, but Mr Blonde is uninterested and wishes to torture Nash for his own amusement. Mr Blonde slashes Nash\'s face with a straight razor and severs his right ear. He then douses Marvin in gasoline, but before he can ignite it, Mr Orange shoots and kills Mr Blonde. Mr Orange reveals to Nash he is an undercover cop, reassuring Nash that a large police force is in position to move in nearby, but is waiting until Joe arrives. Eddie, Mr Pink, and Mr White return to the warehouse to find Mr Blonde dead. Mr Orange claims that Mr Blonde was going to kill all of them and take the diamonds for himself. After impulsively pulling out his gun and killing Nash, Eddie rejects Mr Orange’s claims, telling him that Mr Blonde was a close personal friend who had always remained loyal to him and his father. As Mr Orange struggles to justify his actions, Joe arrives and reveals that Mr Blue is dead. He confidently accuses Mr Orange of being an informant, forcing Mr White to defend his friend. Joe, about to execute Mr Orange, is stopped when Mr. White pulls out a gun at him, and Eddie in turn takes aim on Mr White. Joe shoots Mr Orange, wounding him again, Mr. White shoots and kills Joe in response, Eddie shoots Mr White, wounding him, before Mr White then shoots and kills Eddie. Mr Pink, who was hiding, takes the diamonds and flees. As Mr White cradles Mr Orange in his arms, Mr Orange reveals that he is indeed an undercover cop. The devastated Mr White points his gun at Mr Orange\'s head. The police storm the warehouse, demanding that Mr White drop his gun. Mr White pulls the trigger before shots fire.'] ["The story is of three orphans  and their two father figures . They are taken in by both a wealthy crime boss  which leads to their close friendship, and a kind police officer . Nevertheless, the trio grows up learning high-tech methods of theft and specialize in stealing treasured paintings. After a heist in France goes awry, Chow's character is thought to be dead and Leslie takes Chow's place as Cherie's lover. However, Chow returns in a wheelchair and the group begins planning their next heist for themselves, fall out of favor with Tsang, and various complications and gun battles ensue."] ["A former mob hitman, now in witness protection, is forced to come out of retirement when his family is threatened by his cohorts. He teams up with a skateboarding kid, who has a computer disk that the mob wants to get their hands on that has a list of new names for individuals in the FBI witness protection program. The list includes his dad, who separated from his mother years before and hadn't been seen since."] ['After selling stolen paintings to the UVF Cahill realizes he has made a dangerous mistake. When the PIRA hear of this, they order his assassination, which is carried out on 18 August 1994.'] ['Mike Battaglia, a powerful lieutenant in the D’Amico crime family, executes a large-scale hit on the family\'s enemies, earning a promotion to caporegime and the undying respect of his boss, godfather Charlie D\'Amico. Despite the Don\'s generosity, however, Battaglia secretly resents D\'Amico for passing him over as his successor. At the instigation of Ruthie, his wife, Battaglia murders D\'Amico and has his sons shipped off to Florida, clearing the way for him to assume control of the D\'Amico family. He becomes an underworld despot, deciding to kill anyone he suspects as a threat to his power, including former ally Bankie Como and his unconnected son, Philly, who survives an assassination attempt. At his coronation as boss, a drunken Battaglia alienates two more of the mob\'s powerful soldiers. Afraid that Battaglia\'s reign will spell the end of the D\'Amico family, several of Battaglia\'s underlings desert him and ally themselves with D\'Amico\'s eldest son, Mal. Battaglia puts a hit out on his chief rival, Matt Duffy, but the assassins cannot find him, instead murdering his wife and children. Determined to get revenge, Duffy comes to kill Battaglia, who arrogantly proclaims that "no man of woman born" can harm him. Duffy responds that he was delivered via caesarian section, and therefore was not technically born of a woman. Disposing of Battaglia, he clears the way for Mal to assume control of the family.'] ["While staking out his next assignment, the innocent girlfriend of his notorious boss, contract killer Malik  reflects on the dark path he's chosen but cannot escape. Torn between his sense of duty and his newfound sense of humanity, he finds that the only way out is a perilous showdown with men who are every bit as cold-blooded as he is."] ['While researching an ordinary real estate transaction, title examiner Leah Farrell  discovers a property transfer document with the forged name of a missing woman, and proceeds to investigate. When she is threatened by gangsters for snooping around, she turns for help to Assistant District Attorney Paul Shaughnessy . As Paul tries to protect Leah from the danger that looms from all sides, romance blooms. The two of them foil the plot to bring illegal gambling activities to a small seaside town in Massachusetts.'] ['The film is narrated by Frankie , a young man living in South East London during the Thatcher Era of the 1980s, with little hope of ever making anything of himself, yet he dreams of "being somebody" and escaping the dull, grey urban landscape. After seriously assaulting his mother\'s abusive boyfriend, he becomes a fugitive, and through family connections escapes to Spain\'s Costa Del Sol. His job there is to deliver a bag containing drugs and cash to "Playboy Charlie" , an ex-pat and criminal-on-the-run, a suave and dapper man who is very successful in Spain and runs his own nightclub and drugs business and lives a life of excess and luxury. Impressed by Frankie\'s honesty in not opening the bag, Charlie takes a liking to Frankie, introduces him to his business associates, including the psychopathic Sammy , and invites him to remain in Spain and work as his driver. Frankie discovers that they are in fact the "Peckham Four", wanted for armed robbery back in Britain. However, Frankie decides he prefers an exciting life of sun, drugs, women, money, fine cars and clothes, and a reputation, as opposed to being a nobody back in London. Frankie soon accepts and becomes involved in the business of smuggling cannabis across the Strait of Gibraltar from Morocco, in which children are used although the children are sometimes shot dead by the Spanish Navy patrolmen. The film then follows the rise-and-fall pattern common to many gangster films, showing first the criminals living the high life as their cannabis trade is booming, and then the downfall as greed and jealousy  introduce rivalries between them, and eventually split them up. Charlie and Frankie decide to go into business alone, importing cocaine instead of cannabis through drop-offs from Colombian aeroplanes, but this is the cause of the final catastrophe. Not only do they both become increasingly addicted to the drug itself, but also the local mayor, who had been happy to ignore the cannabis trade but had warned them not to import cocaine, discovers what they are doing and uses the weight of the law to shut them down and close their businesses. An assassination attempt on the mayor\'s life ends in failure, and the gruesome death of one of the gang. A few years later , Frankie and Charlie are homeless thugs in need of a wash and reduced to stealing in order to survive. While organising a disappointing reunion party at Charlie\'s old bar , Frankie meets the scheming Carly again and decides to make one last deal. He invites Sammy in on a pick-up, but while both intend to betray the other, Carly has given Sammy a pistol with an empty clip. Sammy tries to shoot Frankie, who in turn beats him with a rock. The fight ends quickly as Spanish Navy patrolmen\'s gunfire fatally shoots Sammy, and Frankie escapes through a sewage outlet. Frankie emerges from the sewer to meet Carly, who had masterminded the whole thing, finally getting his happy ending. But at the last minute, he realises he can\'t trust Carly when he finds another pistol in her handbag amongst their money, so he knocks her out and drives off into the sunset on his own. The ending reveals that Sonny cleaned up his act and continued to run Charlie\'s old bar, which he did so successfully, whilst Charlie was reduced to working on the door. The theatrical ending also reveals that "Carly went back to her parent\'s house in Penge", "Sammy went to Hell" and "Frankie went to Hollywood" - an obvious pun on the name of popular 1980s band Frankie Goes to Hollywood.'] ['The film is set in Joseon Dynasty Korea, 1724. Cheon-doong, a hoodlum from a small village, meets and falls in love with Seol-ji, a kisaeng at Myeongwolhyang, a luxurious bar. One day he gets into a fight with the head of the Yangjoo gang, but later faces a crisis when the palace decides to crack down on gang activity at Myeongwolhyang. In his pursuit of Seol-ji, Cheon-doong inadvertently incurs the anger of the top-ranking gangster in the area, Man-deuk .'] ['In 1979,<ref name Cowie | first  The Godfather Book | publisher  1997 | page  978-0-571-19011-9}}<ref name Lebo | first  The Godfather Legacy | publisher  2005 | page  978-0-7432-8777-7 }} Michael Corleone  is nearing 60 and wracked with guilt for his ruthless rise to power, especially ordering the murder of his brother Fredo. By now, he has mostly retired from the Mafia, leaving the Corleone family\'s criminal interests in the hands of enforcer Joey Zasa , and is using his tremendous wealth and power to restore his reputation via numerous acts of charity. Michael and Kay  have been divorced since 1960, and Michael gave her custody of their children, Anthony  and Mary . At a ceremony in St. Patrick\'s Old Cathedral, Michael is named a Commander of the Order of St. Sebastian. At a party following the ceremony, Anthony tells his father that he is going to drop out of law school to pursue a career as an opera singer. Kay supports his choice, but Michael disagrees, wishing that his son would either finish law school or join the family business, but Anthony refuses to have anything to do with his father\'s "legacy". Michael and Kay have an uneasy reunion, in which Kay tells him that Anthony knows the truth about Fredo\'s death. Meanwhile, Vincent Mancini , the illegitimate son of Michael\'s late brother Sonny, shows up at the party. He is embroiled in a feud with Zasa, who has involved the Corleone family in major drug trafficking and turned Little Italy into a slum. Michael\'s sister Connie  arranges a "sit-down" between Vincent and Zasa in Michael\'s study. The discussion erupts into a fight, in which Vincent bites Zasa in the ear. That night Vincent has a one-night stand with a journalist named Grace Hamilton . Two men armed with knives and a gun break in and try to kill him. Vincent kills them both, but not before learning that Zasa sent them. Michael is troubled by Vincent\'s fiery temper, but is nonetheless impressed by his loyalty, and agrees to take his nephew under his wing. Meanwhile, Michael busies himself with the biggest deal of his career: He has recently bought up enough stock in International Immobiliare, an international real estate holding company known as "the world\'s biggest landlord", to become its largest single shareholder, with six seats on the company\'s 13-member board of directors. He now makes a tender offer to buy the Vatican\'s 25% interest in the company, which will give him controlling interest. Knowing that Archbishop Gilday , who serves as head of the Vatican Bank, has run up a massive deficit, he negotiates a deal to pay $600 million to the Bank in exchange for the shares. The deal is quickly approved by Immobiliare\'s board. However, it must be ratified in Rome by Pope Paul VI, who is gravely ill. Without his word, the deal is in limbo. Don Altobello , an elderly New York Mafia boss and old friend of the Corleones , soon visits Michael, telling him that his old partners on the Commission want in on the Immobiliare deal. Michael, however, is adamant that the deal shall be untainted by Mafia involvement. A meeting is arranged, and Michael appeases most of the Mafia bosses with payoffs from the sale of his Las Vegas holdings. Zasa, however, gets nothing and declares that Michael is his enemy and storms out. Altobello tells Michael that he will try to reason with Zasa and follows close behind. Minutes later, a helicopter hovers outside the conference room and sprays it with submachine gun fire. Most of the other mob bosses are killed, but Michael, Vincent, and Michael\'s bodyguard, Al Neri ([[Richard Bright , escape. Back at his penthouse in New York, Vincent tells Michael that those mob bosses who escaped the massacre made deals with Zasa. Michael knows that Zasa was not the mastermind of the massacre due to Zasa\'s being "muscle" and not having the cunning to organize such a scheme. Vincent wants to kill Zasa, but Michael refuses. As he considers how to respond to the situation, he suffers a diabetic stroke and is hospitalized, but not before realizing Altobello is the traitor. As Michael recuperates, Vincent begins a romantic relationship with Mary and plots revenge against Zasa. Neri and Connie give Vincent permission to act. During a street festival hosted by Zasa\'s Italian American civil rights group, Vincent\'s men gun down Zasa\'s bodyguards. Vincent, disguised as a policeman on horseback, shoots Zasa dead. When Michael discovers this, he berates Vincent for his rashness. Michael also insists that Vincent end his relationship with Mary, because Vincent\'s involvement in the family\'s criminal enterprises puts her life in jeopardy. The family takes a vacation to Sicily in preparation for Anthony\'s operatic debut in Palermo. They stay at the villa of Corleone family friend Don Tommasino . Michael tells Vincent to speak with Altobello and tell him that he is planning to leave the Corleone family. Altobello supports the idea of Vincent\'s switching his allegiance, and introduces him to Don Licio Lucchesi , a powerful Italian political figure and Immobiliare\'s chairman. Michael realizes that the Immobiliare deal is an elaborate conspiracy among Lucchesi, Archbishop Gilday, and Vatican accountant Frederick Keinszig  to swindle him out of his money, and visits Cardinal Lamberto , the man favored to become the next Pope, to speak about the deal. Lamberto convinces Michael to make his first confession in 30 years, in which he tearfully admits to ordering Fredo\'s murder. Lamberto tells Michael that he deserves to suffer for his sins, but that his life could still be redeemed. Shortly after the meeting between Vincent and Lucchesi, Altobello travels to the small village of Montelepre, where he hires Mosca , a veteran hitman, to assassinate Michael. A few days later, Mosca and his son Lupe, disguised as priests, attempt to kidnap Don Tommasino and force him to allow them entry to his villa. Tommasino refuses, and Mosca kills him. While touring Sicily with Kay, who has arrived for Anthony’s operatic debut, Michael asks for her forgiveness. As they both admit that they still love each other, Michael receives word that Tommasino is dead. At Tommassino\'s funeral, Michael swears over his old friend\'s coffin to sin no more. After the death of Pope Paul VI, Cardinal Lamberto is elected Pope John Paul I, which means that the Immobiliare deal will likely be ratified. The new Pope\'s intentions come as a death knell to the plot against the ratification of the Immobiliare deal, prompting frantic attempts by the plotters to cover their own tracks. Vincent tells Michael that he has learned from Altobello of Mosca\'s plot on his life. Michael sees that his nephew is a changed man, and makes him the new Don of the Corleone family. In exchange, Vincent agrees to put an end to his relationship with Mary. The family travels to Palermo to see Anthony perform the lead in Pietro Mascagni\'s Cavalleria rusticana, a tale of murderous revenge in a Sicilian setting. Meanwhile, Vincent exacts his own revenge: * Keinszig is abducted by Vincent\'s men, who smother him with a pillow and hang him from a bridge to make his death look like a suicide. * Don Altobello, also attending the opera, eats poisoned cannoli that his goddaughter Connie gives him. He dies as Connie watches sadly from her box. * Al Neri travels to the Vatican, where he shoots Archbishop Gilday. * Finally, Calò  meets with Don Lucchesi at his office, claiming to bear a message from Michael. As he pretends to whisper the message to Lucchesi, Calò stabs him in the throat with his own glasses. The killings are too late to save the Pope, however. Just hours after he approves the Immobiliare deal, the Pope drinks poisoned tea provided to him by Archbishop Gilday and soon dies in his bed. Mosca, still disguised as a priest and armed with a sniper rifle, descends upon the opera house during Anthony\'s performance, killing three of Vincent\'s men and preparing to shoot his target from a box, but the opera ends before he has the chance to pull the trigger. The assassin retreats to the opera house façade\'s staircase and tries to shoot Michael there. At the same moment, Mary confronts her father about the forced break-up with Vincent. Mosca fires twice, wounding Michael and accidentally killing Mary. Vincent then shoots him dead. As Kay and Connie weep, Michael cradles Mary\'s body in his arms and screams in agony. The scene dissolves to a short montage of Michael\'s memories of all the women he has lost, composed of scenes with Mary, Kay, and his first wife, Apollonia. The film ends with Michael, an old man, sitting in the garden of Don Tommasino\'s Sicilian villa. He slumps over in his chair, falls sideways to the ground, and dies alone, apart from his dog.'] ['Monga  is one of Taipei\'s districts. Mosquito  and his friends have no illusions about the unwritten laws that prevail in this part of town: if you want to survive here, you’ve got to be stronger than your enemies. Mosquito , Monk , Dragon , Monkey  and A-po  are all members of the "Gang of Princes". Mosquito is invited to join the gang after his chicken drumstick was stolen by a rival gang member on his first day at school in Monga. Mosquito and his friends soon begin to enjoy their gangster lifestyle and are planning to take over as top gangsters on the streets of Monga. But little do they know that there are others who are deeply jealous of their success. Geta , one of Monga’s old triad leaders, sees it as his duty to teach these cheeky young upstarts the true laws of gangsterdom. And so Geta tells the youngsters about the legacy handed down by the city’s founders and the strict laws of a brotherhood which should always fight not just for territorial reasons but also to protect their honour. But even Geta has no inkling of the storm that is about to hit Monga – a storm that will destroy the town’s traditional values and the vestiges of its glory. A new gang, bristling with an arsenal of handguns, is about to change forever the little world in which Geta and the "Gang of Princes" have made themselves at home.Film File: Monga at Berlin International Film Festival website.'] ["Archie Moses  is a small time crook and a thief who lives in Los Angeles, and he is working for a local drug lord Frank Colton ([[James Caan . He is unaware that his best friend Rock Keats  is actually an LAPD undercover cop, with a real name being Jack Carter, who is seeking evidence against Colton, and he is only using Moses to infiltrate Colton's gang. One night, Jack goes out with Moses and gets him drunk, and manages to get info from Moses, and he finds an address for one of Colton's fronts. During a raid on Colton's warehouse, Archie realizes that Jack is a cop, and he tries to escape the warehouse during the police raid, during which an out of control crane hits Moses in the back and he accidentally shoots Jack in the head, but he miraculously survives and makes a full recovery with the aid of his physical therapist Dr. Traci Flynn . Moses then flees the state, and is subsequently found and arrested later on. Moses is brought into custody, and he agrees to testify against Colton, but the trial is at the other side of the country. After Jack's recovery, his superior officer Jensen  orders him to get Moses to transfer him personally to the courtroom. Having been bitter about the accident, Carter harbors resentment against Moses, and problems get escalated since a simple transfer has gone awry when Colton learns through bribed federal agents and Los Angeles Police Department officers of Moses's attempt to testify against Colton. Carter and Moses slowly mend their friendship and are successful in returning back to their local police department. However, Colton apparently holds Flynn hostage, and blackmails Carter into turning Moses over in order to save Flynn. Carter and Moses pretend to comply with Colton and shoot their way through Colton's guards. It is later revealed that Flynn was responsible for leaking Carter and Moses' whereabouts to Colton and was actually on Colton's payroll. Carter manages to distract Colton after Moses gets shot in the shoulder by Colton and after apprehending Flynn and Moses manages to kill Colton. Moses gives the incriminating documents on Colton to Carter, and he heads to Mexico, where he becomes a bullfighter, with Carter and Moses's mother later accompanying him."] ['Marat  is a chauffeur who, following a traffic accident, finds himself in debt. When his baby becomes ill, he agrees to murder a journalist in order to earn some money.{{cite web}}'] ['The movie circuits around flashbacks of Lansky\'s life, the first showing is as Lansky as an old man looking for a rock to put on his grandfather\'s grave in Jerusalem. Upon seeing soldiers of the Israeli Defense Force, Lansky expresses regret that his Grandfather never lived to see them. As he walks through a tunnel, he catches sight of an old man. He recalls how at the age of 10 years old, he witnessed an elderly Jew being bludgeoned to death with an axe during a pogrom. Later, as the shtetl is burning down, his parents hastily pack up their valuables and prepare to flee to America. Lansky\'s Grandfather watches sceptically. Meanwhile, his father suggests, "You think I should fight? You stay, and you fight." The film then changes to the Lower East Side, Manhattan. After his mother gives him money to go buy challah for Shabbat, Lansky comes upon a game of craps on the street corner. Later, Lansky returns home penniless and deeply ashamed. Later, Benjamin Siegel and Lansky are eyeing the Irish-American boy who operates the craps game, Lansky makes his bet as he\'s throwing the dice the owner\'s friend slides him some dice. Certain that the game is rigged, Lansky shouts that he won the bet. The Irish boy pushes at the young Lansky, Lansky pushes him back then the teenager\'s friend slides out his knife and cuts Lansky\'s arm, Benjamin Seigel come into the scene and hits the knife kid with a brick shouting at him telling him to give him the money. As Lansky and Benjamin are walking down the docks they see the Irish kid who bet against them in the alley the Irish kid is shouting Irish word about him being Jewish, Lansky jumps into the sea where the Irish kid is hanging about, Lansky then goes under water and slits the Irish kid\'s neck. As the blood is sliding around the water is goes back to Lansky as an old man drinking wine with the Jewish man. The Jewish man goes of to pray in the synagogue. The film goes on showing Lansky owning the crap games as a kid Lansky goes of into an alley to count his money this is where he meets Charles Lucky Luciano when Charles was telling him to give protection money the gang start to give Lansky a beating. Lansky is saying "Nothing For Nothing" Luciano takes a liking to Lansky\'s guts, they the work together selling illegal booze, Bugsy, Luciano and Lansky are making their way driving the truck with booze in. They are ambushed by Arnold Rothstein\'s associates. Luciano and Lansky make a deal saying they will give them 1 truck full of booze and no one will be shot at, when Lansky, Bugsy and Luciano get into the truck we find out the truck was full of empty suitcases. Impressed, Rothstein invites them to his house for a sit-down. He offers Bugsy and Lansky a job to work for him as he knows Lansky is smart. After Rothstein is taken out Meyer and Bugsy work with Luciano to take over the crime world killing the Italian bosses Joe Masseria and Salvatore Maranzano. Luciano then sets up the Commission and the 5 Italian families can now work freely with Jews. Meyer builds his prestige by running all the casinos in Cuba and helping Bugsy get a start in Las Vegas. After Bugsy spends more money than the plan and his girlfriend is questioned in taking money, Meyer buys his childhood friend time to turn the venture around. A month after warning Siegel the Flamingo is not earning money and Lansky can no longer prevent the Commission from taking out Siegel. Years later Lansky is on the run in Israel to avoid tax evasion charges but is extradited back to the U.S. He is lucky to get off on the charges and retires to Miami. At the climax of the film, Lansky gives an interview to a French journalist. When the journalist asks him what he would do if he could live his life over, Lansky responds, "I wouldn\'t change a thing."'] ['Colin Diamond  is a successful car salesman who, after discovering his wife Liz is having an affair, has an emotional breakdown. His friends convince him to kidnap his wife\'s lover and then encourage him to torture and kill him. Diamond\'s partners in crime are suave homosexual gambler Meredith , crotchety and bigoted Old Man Peanut , the down to earth Archie  and the combustible Mal , who by turns encourage Colin\'s lust for revenge and sympathise with his situation, and conspire to emotionally and mentally torture Liz\'s new boyfriend, Loverboy, a "Frog" waiter, first by locking him in a cupboard and threatening him, and tying him up and subjecting him to humiliating verbal and physical assault. Parts of the story occur in flashback, with Colin discovering Liz\'s infidelity and the after effects of it, which then affect the present, in which he tries to come to terms with the shame and torment that this brings to him. Parts of the story also appear to happen inside Colin\'s mind, with him trying to reconcile with himself, using his friends as representations of his own turmoil, and his resolving of the situation.'] 