['This is the story of two lads from Belfast as they stumble their way through the London gay underworld in search of "gainful employment," that is, the offering of sexual favours to older gay men in order to subsidize their respective giros. However, when one of the lads accidentally shags a punter to death, they are forced to look for \'work\' elsewhere. It is then that they discover the myth of \'The Bread in the Bed\' - a huge bed full of money. Nine dead gay guys are the result of the ensuing caper as the lads begin the search for the bed.'] ["The story begins with Samantha  breaking up with Allegra , a lesbian author who has had relationship problems in the past. Allegra meets a man named Philip  at a party, with whom she feels a connection. The next day, she meets Grace , Philip's ex-girlfriend, although Allegra does not know about it. Allegra and Philip begin seeing each other, and Philip leaves Grace for good. Allegra sees Grace outside of a movie theater and Grace cries about her boyfriend leaving her. Allegra goes on a date with Philip, but she leaves after thoughts in her mind tell her it's wrong to be with a guy. Allegra goes back and forth on dates with Philip and Grace. After several more dates, Grace shows Allegra a picture of her ex-boyfriend, and she learns that Philip and Grace were together. Philip and Grace go out for dinner, where they reveal to each other that they're seeing someone else. Meanwhile, Allegra caters at a party, which turns out to be Samantha's engagement party. Philip and Grace show up at the party, and they both discover that they have been seeing the same woman. In the end, Allegra is back with Samantha and never sees Philip and Grace again."] ["Set in the late 15th century during the reign of King Yeonsan, two male street clowns and tightrope walkers, Jangsaeng  and Gong-gil , are part of an entertainer troupe. Their manager prostitutes the beautiful Gong-gil to rich customers, and Jangsaeng is sickened by this practice. After Gong-gil kills the manager in defense of Jangsaeng, the pair flee to Seoul, where they form a new group with three other street performers. Together the group comes up with a skit mocking some members of the royal court, including the king and his new concubine Jang Noksu. After they are arrested for treason, Jangsaeng makes a deal with Choseon, who turns out to be one of the king's servants, either to make the king laugh at their skit or to be executed. They perform their skit for the king, but the three minor performers are too terrified to perform well. Gong-gil and Jangsaeng barely save themselves with one last joke at the king, who laughs and then makes them part of his court. The king falls for the effeminate Gong-gil, whom he calls to his private chambers often to perform finger puppet shows. Jangsaeng becomes jealous of this relationship. Meanwhile, the king becomes more and more unstable. He makes the clowns perform a skit depicting how his mother, the favorite concubine of the former king, was forced to take poison after being betrayed by other jealous concubines. The king then slaughters these concubines at the end of the play. Jangsaeng asks Gong-gil to leave with him and the gang at once before the king kills them too during one of his homicidal fits. Gong-gil, who initially sympathized with the king, begs the tyrant to give him his freedom but the king refuses. The king's main concubine, Jang Noksu, becomes enraged by the attention the king has been lavishing on Gong-gil. The council members try to have him killed during a hunting trip, resulting in the death of one of the members of the street performing team. Days after the hunting trip, there is a kiss between the king and Gong-gil. Then, Jang Noksu tries to have him jailed by having flyers run in Gong-gil's handwriting insulting the king severely. Jangsaeng takes the blame for the crime for which Gong-gil has been falsely accused and is imprisoned. Choseon secretly releases Jangsaeng, telling him that he should forget Gong-gil and leave the palace. But Jangsaeng ignores the advice and returns to walk on his tightrope across palace rooftops, this time openly and loudly mocking the king. The king shoots arrows at him while Gong-gil tries in vain to stop him. Jangsaeng falls and is caught, and has his eyes seared with burning iron as punishment before being thrown into prison again. Gong-gil attempts suicide, but his life is saved by the palace doctors. The king has Jangsaeng walk his tightrope blind. As Jangsaeng tells the story of his and Gong-gil's trials and tribulations while balancing on the rope, Gong-gil runs out to join him. Gong-gil asks Jangsaeng what he would like to return as in his next life and Jangsaeng replies that he would still choose to be a clown. Gong-gil answers that he too would return as nothing else but a clown. Throughout the film, the tyranny of the king and corruption of his courts is revealed. At the very end there is a popular uprising resulting in an attack on the palace, and as people storm the court, Jangsaeng and Gong-gil jump up from the rope together, and Jangsaeng tosses away his fan. The last scene is a happy one where Jangsaeng and Gong-gil appear to be reunited with their clowning troupe, including the friend who died earlier during the hunting incident. The whole company jokes, sings and dances, as they all walk away cheerfully into the distance.{{cite news}}{{cite news}}"] ["Handsome Harry is the story of Harry Sweeney’s journey to find forgiveness from an old Navy friend. One day Harry  gets a call from an old Navy buddy, Kelly , who is on his deathbed. At first, Harry wants nothing to do with Kelly, but soon memories and guilt overcome him and he goes on a journey to confront his old friends. First he goes to meet Kelly in a Philadelphia hospital. Kelly asks Harry to seek forgiveness from David on his behalf. Kelly dies in the hospital the next day. Harry then goes on to meet the rest of his Navy buddies to find the truth about what actually happened the night they assaulted David together. Somebody threw an armature on David's hand that night, but Harry could not recollect who it was. In time it was revealed that Harry and David were having an affair back in the Navy. Kelly found Harry and David in a sexually compromising position in the shower. In fear of repercussion, Harry turned on David. Kelly and rest of the gang including Harry got drunk and assaulted David. It was in the end revealed that Harry was the one who dropped the armature on David, maiming him for life."] ['Cynthia , Marc  and Robert  are young friends in New York City. Marc is a struggling actor, Robert is an actor/songwriter and Cynthia is desperately trying to attract the attention of Tina Brown to break into magazine publishing. Cynthia and Marc find an apartment together in Greenwich Village. Robert is secretly in love with Marc, who\'s oblivious. Marc falls into a relationship with David , an aspiring musician who lives with his boyfriend across the alley from Marc\'s apartment. David\'s boyfriend throws him out and David moves in with Marc. Robert, trying to get over Marc, becomes interested in a man who works in a local card and gift shop . Taking Marc\'s advice to "make the grand gesture," he sends Cynthia in with a gift from him as a secret admirer. "Zola" turns down the gesture, and Marc is humiliated. Marc and Robert discover that David supports himself as a hustler and Marc breaks up with him and throws him out. Robert makes "the grand gesture" for Marc by singing a song he\'s written for him. Before Marc can respond, Cynthia, whose attempts to get through to Tina Brown have become increasingly bizarre, has a nervous breakdown. She returns to her parents\' home on Long Island. In the end, Marc and Robert visit Cynthia on Long Island. Free from the drama of his relationship with David, Marc realizes that he has feelings for Robert. Cynthia gets a call from Tina Brown\'s assistant, setting up a meeting for the following day.'] ["It is spring. Randy Dean is a high school senior with poor grades, only one school friend , secret cigarette and marijuana habits and a cashier’s job at a gas station with Regina. She is pursuing a dead-end relationship with Wendy, a married woman who drops by the gas station when it pleases her. This often entails a follow-up visit from her jealous husband, Ali, who roughs Randy up and orders her to stay away from Wendy. One day Evie Roy stops in a pristine Range Rover, unsure if her tires need air. Randy recognizes her from school and talks to her for the first time. Evie is an only child living with her well-off, cultured mother, Evelyn, who has a difficult relationship with her  husband. Randy and Evie start passing notes in school and hanging out with each other, although Evie does not reveal this to her cliquish friends. They hang out in meadows, trading music  and talking. At the gas station, Randy rejects an angry Wendy, claiming she has a new girlfriend, Evie. Evie breaks up with her boyfriend after he complains of her distant attitude towards him. Later, apparently on a spur of the moment, she lends Randy a copy of Walt Whitman’s Leaves of Grass, which Randy starts to devour. Inviting Evie to her family’s small house for dinner, Randy reveals to her that she has lived with her lesbian aunt Rebecca and Rebecca's lover Vicky since Randy's mother abandoned her to devote all her time to an Operation Rescue-like group. On the front steps of Rebecca's house, they kiss for the first time. Evie records it in her diary later, apparently wondering what it all means. Randy and Evie experiment with how “out” they can be as lesbians, nervously holding hands at a local diner. Remembering Randy’s warning of how intolerant the town can be, Evie nevertheless breaks the news to her three closest friends. One girl is supportive , but the other two are hostile to the idea: one of them says, “God, Evie, if you were gonna turn gay you think you could at least choose someone who’s pretty.” Randy’s grades continue to plummet and the school warns her she will not graduate; Randy hides this information from Rebecca. When Evie’s mother leaves on a business trip, the girls take the opportunity to cook a huge meal, indulging in wine and marijuana. That night, they make love, then fall asleep in Evie’s mother’s bed. The next morning, Evelyn returns prematurely. The kitchen is a mess and used wine glasses are scattered about. Furiously searching the upstairs, she discovers the girls but does not recognize Randy as a girl until she runs past her on her way out. Meanwhile, Rebecca has learned that Randy will not be graduating high school, and she, Vicky and her ex-girlfriend Lena go to Frank’s house, where Randy had told them she would be staying the night. Rebecca threatens Frank until, panicked, he turns over Evie’s phone number. Rebecca calls, but Evie and Randy have already absconded and she is left talking to a furious Evelyn. Evie and Randy, crying, scared and accusatory, take refuge in a motel. Randy finally calls Wendy, who comes out, pays for the room and tries to comfort the girls. Ali sees her car in the parking lot, however, and comes bursting in, eventually attracting Evelyn, Rebecca, Vicky, Lena, Frank, and Evie’s three friends, who were driving past reading aloud from Rita Mae Brown’s Rubyfruit Jungle . The movie ends with Randy and Evie kissing and hugging in the open motel room doorway while everyone else argues in the background at top volume. Asked if she was aware how close the final shot was to a classic Hollywood romantic comedy, Maggenti said, {{cquote}}"] ["Danilo  was about to move out of his parents' house to go live with his boyfriend, Marcos , when his mom and dad die unexpectedly in an accident. His plans for the future change and he becomes responsible for his 10&nbsp;year-old brother, Lucas . New bonds are created between these three young men. While brothers Danilo and Lucas need to learn everything they didn’t know about each other, Marcos tries to find out if there is a place for him in his boyfriend’s new family arrangement. In between video games, glasses of milk, pain and disappointment, they all need to learn how to live together."] ["Eric McNally  is a gay retired hockey player turned television sportscaster who lives with his partner Sam , a sports lawyer. When Sam unexpectedly becomes the legal guardian of his brother's stepson, Scot , their lives are turned upside down. Eric's unwillingness to become a parent eventually fades as Scot teaches Eric about accepting and loving your true self."] ['Cheryl is a young, African American lesbian who works in a video rental store in Philadelphia with her friend Tamara. They earn extra money by making professional home videos for people. Cheryl becomes interested in films from the 1930s and 40s which feature black actresses. She notices that these actresses are often not credited. She watches a film called Plantation Memories with a black actress who is credited simply as "The Watermelon Woman". Cheryl decides to make a documentary about the Watermelon Woman and find out more about her life. Tamara tries to set Cheryl up with her friend Yvette, but Cheryl is not interested. Cheryl meets a white woman in the store called Diana who, to Tamara\'s annoyance, flirts with Cheryl. Cheryl starts interviewing members of the public, asking them if they have heard of the Watermelon Woman. She interviews her mother who does not remember the name, but recognises a photograph of her. She tells Cheryl that she used to hear the Watermelon Woman singing in clubs in Philadelphia. Tamara\'s mother tells Cheryl to get in contact with Lee Edwards&nbsp;— a man who has done a lot of research into black films. Cheryl and Tamara go to see Lee, and he tells them about 1920s and 30s black culture in Philadelphia. He explains to them that in those days, black women usually played domestic servants. Cheryl meets her mother\'s friend Shirley, who turns out to be a lesbian. Shirley tells her that the Watermelon Woman\'s name was Fae Richards, that she was a lesbian too, and that she used to sing in clubs "for all us stone butches". She says that Fae was always with Martha Page, the white director of Plantation Memories, and that Martha was a mean and ugly woman. When Cheryl and Tamara get caught ordering video tapes under Diana\'s name, Diana takes the tapes and tells Cheryl that she will have to come to her home to collect them. Cheryl goes to Diana\'s house, stays for dinner, and watches some of the tapes with her, telling her about her project. They have sex, and Cheryl decides that although Diana is not her usual type of woman, she likes being with her. Cheryl meets cultural critic Camille Paglia who tells her about the Mammy archetype, saying that it represented a goddess figure. Cheryl goes to the CLIT archive of lesbian material, and finds photographs of Fae Richards, including one given by Fae to a June Walker. With Diana\'s help, Cheryl manages to contact Martha Page\'s sister who denies that Martha was a lesbian. As Cheryl and Diana grow closer, Tamara makes it clear that she dislikes Diana and disapproves of their relationship. She accuses Cheryl of wanting to be white, and Diana of having a fetish for black people. Cheryl telephones June Walker, learning that she was Fae\'s partner for 20 years. They arrange to meet, but June is taken to hospital and leaves a letter for Cheryl instead. In the letter she says that she is angry with Martha Page, that Martha had nothing to do with what Fae\'s life. She urges Cheryl to tell their history. Having separated from Diana, and fallen out with Tamara, Cheryl finishes her project, never managing to make further contact with June.'] ["The film opens on Rachel  and Hector's  wedding day in North London, England. Rachel's bossy mother Tess  and dazed dad Ned  are introduced. Luce,  who manages a flower shop, is the wedding florist. She also makes fast friends with Rachel's younger sister, Henrietta . However, as Rachel is walking up the aisle, her eyes meet Luce's and a connection is made. Some time later, Luce is invited to dinner with Rachel, Heck, and Coop , Heck's best friend and a perennial bachelor. Rachel suggests they fix up Luce with Coop, until Luce mentions that she's a lesbian. Heck takes this news in stride, and Coop is undeterred in his good-natured attempts to sleep with her. While Heck works long hours at his increasingly unsatisfying office job, he encourages Rachel to be friends with Luce. The two spend an evening together, visiting a football match and an arcade . At the end of the night, Luce walks Rachel back to her flat. Their goodbye grows awkward from tension, then Rachel leans forward to kiss Luce, but withdraws at the last moment and leaves. Over the next few days, Rachel continues to deny her growing attraction to Luce in an effort to remain loyal to Heck. For her part, Luce has no wish to break up a committed couple. Unable to deny what she is feeling, Rachel eventually confronts Luce directly at her flower shop. She tells Luce that a romance between them cannot happen, leaves, and abruptly returns seconds later to kiss Luce in the back of Luce's shop. Their foreplay gets interrupted by Heck, who has stopped by to pick up flowers for Rachel. He tells Luce that he has sensed the distance growing between him and Rachel and partially blames himself for not being there for her. Hearing this, Rachel runs off, later sorrowfully agreeing with Luce that they can't betray Heck. In the meantime, Heck reaches breaking point at his job and finally quits. When he returns home drunk, Rachel rashly confesses all to him without saying who her love is. Heck, who was feigning sleep, later calls Coop for support and Coop angrily confronts Luce after figuring out it was her Rachel fell in love with. Luce decides that being near Rachel without being with her is too hard. She makes plans to go on an extended trip out of the country, leaving care of her shop to her mother. When Rachel and Heck are celebrating her birthday at her parents', H tells them about Luce's trip. Heck then figures out that it was Luce who Rachel fell in love with after noticing her reaction to the news. Heck does not want to be her second choice or to live a lie so he leaves. She then confesses to her parents that she is in love with a woman and with their help, Rachel tracks down Luce as she takes a taxi to the airport. After getting stuck in traffic and Luce brushing her off on the phone, all seems lost. However, Rachel realizes Luce is in the same traffic jam and uses the lessons Luce taught her about yelling loudly to call to her. The two women reunite and kiss each other in the middle of a crowded London street. In a post credits coda, we see the characters some time later. Heck is on the plane to an unknown destination, all set to write his travel book, where he sits next to a young woman  for the 24 hour flight. There is an obvious and immediate attraction  between them. H and her young boyfriend are playing at a playground, Coop is seen holding a baby, and Luce and Rachel are still happy together."] ['Buddy, a young gay man leaves his small-town home in rural Upstate New York to make a new life in New York City.'] ["Paul is an upper-class young man who is about to start at a grande école, one of the system of mostly public colleges to which students are admitted based on a highly competitive process and whose graduates often gain prestigious employment. He has chosen to live with two new roommates instead of his girlfriend Agnès. As a result, with his studies, he has little time to see her. Agnès perceives cracks in their relationship when she suspects Paul's attraction to one of his new roommates, the aristocratic Louis-Arnault. Paul denies any homosexual attraction, but Agnès decides to make a bet with him: whichever of them beds Louis-Arnault first, wins. If she does, Paul must stop exploring his sexuality; if he does, she will leave him. Before the bet plays out, Paul meets Mécir, a young Arab worker, who becomes besotted with him. With Mécir, Paul goes on a journey of discovery that changes many of his ideas about class, cultural differences and sexuality."] ["In 1987, Adam , a shy, cynical goth kid, encounters Steve , an attractive Dazzle Dancer performing at Danceteria one night. The two flirt and go back to Adam's apartment to have sex, with Steve offering Adam the latter's first hit of cocaine. Unbeknownst to Steve, the cocaine is cut with baby laxative, resulting in Steve losing control of his bowels and explosively defecating all over Adam's apartment. Humiliated, Steve flees. Seventeen years later, Adam is a jaded ex-substance addict working as a New York City tour guide, while Steve has become a successful psychiatrist. By sheer coincidence the two meet when Adam accidentally stabs his dog and Steve, who dabbled in veterinary medicine, treats the animal at the hospital. Both Adam and Steve fail to recognize each other from their previous meeting. Adam and Steve strike a fast friendship and begin dating, eventually falling in love; Steve introduces Adam to his latently religious parents, while Adam introduces Steve to his disaster-prone family. Rhonda  and Michael  -- Adam and Steve's respective best friends—are initially wary of the other's friend and openly hostile toward one another, but soon themselves fall in love and begin dating. Steve's feelings for Adam grow, and eventually he confides in Michael and Rhonda that he plans to propose marriage to Adam. On the Brooklyn Bridge, however, right as Steve prepares to propose to Adam, Adam absentmindedly muses that his entire litany of substance abuse and relationship problems were sparked by his disastrous affair with an incontinent Dazzle Dancer back in 1987. In that instant, Steve realizes who Adam is; horrified at this revelation, and feeling responsible for all of Adam's problems, Steve abruptly breaks up with Adam. Adam falls into despair until Rhonda wheedles the truth about Steve's past from Michael; she and Michael reveal all to Adam. Adam angrily confronts Steve, who is apologetic but still upset and scared by feelings of responsibility for Adam's problem-filled life. Adam is still upset and prepared to give up on their relationship, but Steve apologizes more humbly and professes his love to Adam ; Adam softens and accepts. Steve moves forward with his marriage proposal. The film ends with the two marrying in an outdoor ceremony, with all their friends and family in attendance."] ['Phillip and Dieter nearly suffocate hiding their sexual identity in the face of puritanical small town values. Joined by a mysterious German relative, the three misfits escape to the big city searching for a place to belong.'] ['Khastegi  tells the story of seven Iranian transsexuals living in Tehran.1 http://www.celluloid-dreams.com/current_slate/all_films/sex_my_life/'] ["Wai-Tung Gao and Simon are a happy gay couple living in Manhattan. Wai-Tung is in his late 20s, so his Taiwanese parents are eager to see him get married and have a child. The early part of the film is madcap comedy. When Wai-Tung's parents hire a dating service, he and Simon stall for time by inventing impossible demands. Chinese opera singers are always men, so they demand an opera singer and add that she must be very tall, must have two PhD's and should speak five languages. The service actually locates a 1.75 m  Chinese woman who sings Western opera, speaks five languages and has a single PhD. She is very gracious when Wai-Tung explains his dilemma, as she, too, is hiding a relationship . At Simon's insistence, Wai-Tung decides to get married to one of his tenants, Wei-Wei, a penniless artist from mainland China in need of a green card. Besides helping out Wei-Wei, Simon and Wai-Tung hope that this will placate Wai-Tung's parents. Mr. and Mrs. Gao decide to fly in from Taiwan, bringing US$30,000 to hold a magnificent wedding ceremony for their son. Wai-Tung dares not tell his parents the truth, because his father has just recovered from a stroke; they go through with the wedding. However, the heartbreak his mother experiences at the courthouse wedding prepares the story for a shift to drama. The only way to atone for the disgraceful wedding is a magnificent wedding banquet. After the banquet, Wei-Wei seduces the drunken Wai-Tung, and becomes pregnant. Simon is extremely upset when he finds out, and his relationship with Wai-Tung begins to deteriorate. In a moment of anger, after a fight with both Simon and Wei-Wei, Wai-Tung admits the truth to his mother. She is shocked and insists that he not tell his father. The perceptive Mr. Gao sees more than he is letting on; he secretly tells Simon that he knows about their relationship, and, appreciating the considerable sacrifices he made for his biological son, takes Simon as his son as well. Simon accepts the Hongbao from Wai-Tung's father, a symbolic admission of their relationship, but Mr. Gao makes him promise not to tell anyone; without everyone trying to lie to him, he points out, he'd never have gotten a grandchild. After making an appointment to have an abortion, Wei-Wei decides to keep the baby, and asks Simon to stay together with Wai-Tung and be the baby's other father. In the final parting scene, as Wai-Tung's parents prepare to fly home, Mrs. Gao has clearly forged an emotional bond to daughter-in-law Wei-Wei. Mr. Gao accepts Simon and warmly shakes his hand. In the end, both derive some happiness from the situation, and they walk off to board the aircraft, leaving the unconventional family to sort itself out."] ['Giles De\'Ath  is a British writer who doesn\'t use or understand anything modern. One day, he forgets his keys and locks himself out of his flat. It begins to rain, so he goes to see an E. M. Forster movie but, instead, accidentally enters the wrong theatre and sees the teen flick Hotpants College II starring Ronnie Bostock . He becomes instantly infatuated with Ronnie\'s beauty and obsessed with the young actor. He goes to his movies in the cinema, buys teen magazines and cuts out pictures of him, and buys a VCR and TV in order to play rented video tapes of his movies. He lets his housekeeper come into his office less and less, so that he can do these things undisturbed. As he becomes more and more infatuated, it becomes more obvious to those around him that Giles is becoming disturbed, though they don\'t know why. His friend and agent suggests that he take a holiday. Giles sets out to meet Ronnie in Long Island, New York. He flies to Long Island and takes a train to Ronnie\'s home town where he takes a motel room for several weeks. He searches the town for Ronnie - unsuccessfully at first - but finally spots Ronnie\'s girlfriend and follows her to the supermarket. Giles rams his shopping cart "accidentally" into the girlfriend and makes up a story about his god-daughter, Abigail, being in love with Ronnie. The girlfriend, Audrey , is seemingly glad to have found a fan-base for Ronnie in England, and spends the day talking to Giles. She then tells him that she and Ronnie will invite him over at another time, and they can talk about Ronnie\'s career. Eventually Giles becomes a regular visitor at Ronnie and Audrey\'s house. Ronnie is flattered by Giles, and Giles is able to stay longer in his presence by claiming that he will write a new script for Ronnie, one that better suits his acting abilities. Audrey becomes suspicious of Giles\'s motives regarding Ronnie, and she tells Giles that she is taking Ronnie to see her parents for an extended visit. Giles is very upset, and in a last-ditch effort, he confronts Ronnie and tells him how he feels about him. He says that many artists have had younger male lovers, and that Ronnie should split up with Audrey because it is obvious to him  that it won\'t last. Ronnie rejects Giles but seems genuinely concerned for him. Giles goes back to England, and from the cinema watches Ronnie\'s next film: another Hotpants College movie.'] ["The Gay Deceivers follows Danny and Elliot, two friends who try to get out of the draft by pretending to be gay. They're placed under surveillance by the Army and have to keep up the pretense. They move into a gay apartment building and try to blend in with the residents, all the while trying to maintain their romantic relationships with women and not get caught by the Army. The twist is that even after the pair is caught, they aren't inducted. The Army investigators assigned to watch them are themselves gay and are trying to keep straight people out of the Army."] ['When shy and introspective Mary arrives as a new student at an all-girls boarding school, she shares a dorm room with Paulie and Victoria . In contrast to the timid Mary, outspoken Paulie is full of life. For example, at one point she turns a quiet afternoon on the campus into a music-blasting dance party and spikes the punch. In an effort to break Mary out of her shell, Paulie and Tori involve her in their activities, such as running in the morning. When Mary\'s roommates learn that her mother recently died, Paulie nicknames her "Mary Brave." Mary observes the intimacy between her two roommates. Peering out a window at night, she sees them kissing on a roof. She notes the closeness of Paulie and Tori\'s relationship. At first, she thinks that they are practicing kissing in order to prepare themselves for kissing males. She then realises the nature of their romance. This also manifests itself in Paulie coming to Torie\'s rescue. For example, Paulie defends Victoria from a frustrated math teacher who unintentionally humiliates her when she does not understand a mathematical equation. Over time, Paulie and Tori become more comfortable showing affection in front of Mary. It progresses from a quick kiss on the lips in front of her to the two sharing a bed while they think Mary is sleeping. At first, Mary is shy about sharing a room with the two lovers and feels like an intruder. After a few days, she finds their kissing and murmuring comforting and familiar. When the three are running one day, Paulie comes across a hurt falcon, which she befriends. After reading up on falcons, she trains the animal and becomes obsessed with caring for it as she believes that something untoward has happened to its parents. While Paulie tends to the orphaned falcon, Mary and Tori meet some boys from the nearby boys\' school. One of the boys, Jake, flirts with Tori, asking if she will be attending her brother\'s 18th birthday party and making it clear that he is interested in her. When Mary and Tori are alone, Tori expresses disgust at the boy\'s interest in her, saying, "He liked my tits." When Mary asks if she\'ll go to the party, Tori says, "And have all those gross guys groping me? No, thanks. I\'d rather stay home and do math." One morning, Victoria\'s sister, Allison , and her friends rush into the room to wake up the older girls. Paulie is lying in Tori\'s bed, both naked. Allison and the other girls are shocked. Mary pushes Tori\'s sister out of the room and closes the door. After the younger girls leave, Tori, her head in her hands, decides at that moment to end whatever intimate relationship she had with Paulie, who claims that she loves her. Tori refuses outright, saying, \'No! You don\'t know Allison. She\'ll get hysterical and tell my dad.\' Tori then angrily tells Paulie to get out of her bed. Paulie tries to downplay the situation, and Tori tells her she does not understand, explaining that her sister will tell her parents about it. When confronted by Allison, Tori tries to extinguish her sister\'s suspicions by telling her Paulie has an unrequited crush on her and crawled into her bed. Her sister promises to "fix" the rumors about Tori and not tell their parents anything. As she walks away from this conversation, Victoria collapses into tears. In the library, Victoria explains to Mary that her family, her parents and her sister, are strongly opposed to homosexuality, and she must stop the relationship to prevent their rejection. Mary sympathizes with both of her friends, as she too feels rejected by her father, who does not bother to show up to a father/daughter dance. In the forest at night, Tori and Jake have sex against a tree. Both Mary and Paulie accidentally witness this scene and run back to their room before Tori returns. When Tori returns to the room, Paulie asks her where she\'s been and Tori says she was with a friend. Paulie lashes out at her by telling her that she saw what Tori and Jake were doing in the woods. In a very poignant moment, Tori tells Paulie that the intimacy that they had shared will never happen again but she  would always love her. Paulie degenerates into psychotic behavior over Tori\'s withdrawal from the relationship. She smashes a mirror and hurls a dish cart to the ground and begins to act out in other ways. A rejection letter from the agency that handled Paulie\'s adoption, which informs her that her birth mother denied a request from Paulie to get in touch, further sends her over the edge. Meanwhile, Victoria creates an image of heterosexuality to her friends and her sister, dating Jake Hollander ([[Luke Kirby  from a nearby all-boys school and avoiding Paulie. Paulie declares a duel to the death with Jake. Jake is not taking her seriously until he ends up on the ground, with Paulie brandishing a sword above him. She demands that he give up Tori. When he refuses, she stabs him in the leg. Mary rushes to stop her and Paulie runs off. Mary runs to Victoria\'s soccer match, where the headmistress, math teacher and fellow students are congregated. Upon reaching the group, Mary sees Paulie, sobbing from the top of a building while holding her falcon. Whispering "I rush into the secret house," a reference to Shakespeare on suicide, Paulie jumps to her death and the movie ends with the falcon flying in the background.  {{Expand section}} *Tori and Paulie have a lesbian relationship; in the novel, Paulie does not personally identify as female or lesbian. *Mouse never pretends to be a boy in the film. *The theme of masculinity is underplayed in the film, whereas, in the novel, Paulie wanting to be masculine and Mouse\'s need for a man\'s freedom are more prominent. *A major theme of the novel is "Paulie\'s crime", murder, which is entirely absent from the film. *In the book, Mary is described many times as having a spinal malformation which affects her ability to walk normally, and gives her a hunchbacked appearance.'] ['Alim is a young gay man. Born in Kenya and raised in Toronto, he moved to London to get away from his conservative upbringing. He faces the hardships of coming out to his mother Nuru, as well as hardships in his relationship with his boyfriend Giles. Alim has an imaginary friend  who is supposedly Cary Grant, who gives Alim advice when Alim is in trouble. Unfortunately, the advice often seems to make more trouble.'] ['Yossi  commands a company of soldiers in the snow-covered mountains near Lebanon. In secrecy, he leads a passionate romantic relationship with his second-in-command officer, Lior , who is called Jagger by everyone for his rock star-like handsomeness and his lip-syncing Mick Jagger. The pair, Yossi and Jagger, lead a loving, yet secret life together, venturing off to be alone and open with one another. One day, a colonel  arrives at the base with two female soldiers, one of whom he immediately sleeps with in the bunker. The other one, Yaeli , is very interested in Jagger, while she refuses the sexual advances of Ofir , who tries to make clear to her that Jagger is not particularly interested in her. The colonel is there to supervise a night-time ambush, of which Yossi is resentful because of the full moon, and also because he fears for his soldiers\' safety. And indeed Jagger is fatally injured that night, dying in the arms of his lover, who only now is able to articulate his love for him. At the funeral reception at Jagger\'s parents\' house, Jagger\'s mother mistakes Yaeli for his girlfriend. She laments that she knew very little about her son, including his favorite song, which only Yossi is able to tell her was "Bo" sung by Rita. The song was also sung by Ivri Lider.'] ['When young Glaswegian cook Nina Shah  returns home for her father\'s funeral after three estranged years in London, England, she begins a romantic relationship with Lisa , an old childhood friend who now owns half the late father\'s Indian restaurant, The New Taj. Together they seek to save the restaurant by winning the national "Best in the West Curry Competition" for a third time. Nina\'s mother Suman  and brother Kary , however, want to sell the place to fellow restaurateur Raj , whose chef son Sanjay  had been left at the altar by Nina. Lending the young women moral support is Nina\'s flamboyant gay friend Bobbi , and Nina\'s younger sister Priya .'] ["Set at the Manhattan memorial service for Andre Gerard, who died of AIDS and was buried in Dallas several weeks earlier, the story focuses on his mother Katherine's inability to come to terms with his death or share her grief with Cal, the young man's lover. Her rage is directed not only at the man she never accepted and her own mother, who was less judgmental of her grandson's life, but at Andre himself as well."] ['This film focuses on Claude , a teenage girl who lives in Hell\'s Kitchen, New York City, and is the story of her sexual discovery and budding lesbianism. Claude\'s best friend is Ellen . Her plan to start a band with Ellen is subverted when Ellen begins dating Mark . Claude discovers that Luke , a gay musician who has just moved into her apartment building, has been stabbed to death. Ellen hints at the fact that she was there when Luke was killed, but Claude keeps her mouth shut in order to protect her. Claude then goes to a gay bar and meets Lucy , a pink-haired guitarist who is playing in the house band. Claude goes to Lucy\'s apartment, but freaks out and leaves, returning to her apartment to find Ellen waiting for her. They have a fight which ends with Claude screaming that she would die without Ellen. Claude goes out along with Ellen and Mark on one of their dates; Mark gives Ellen downers which make her violently ill. Claude accompanies her to the bathroom and watches her vomit, and Ellen refers to Claude as her "Knight in Shining Armor." Mark is visibly furious but manages to contain himself. Claude leaves and sees Lucy again, but again freaks out and leaves before having sex. While walking home, Mark ambushes Claude in the street and begins threatening her. Claude threatens to tell the police about Mark\'s possible involvement in Luke\'s death. Mark says "she\'s [Ellen] got you right here" and fondles Claude\'s vulva. He then kisses her and runs off. Claude goes home to find Ellen waiting for her. Claude tells her that they need to tell the police about Mark, but Ellen says she would go to jail if they knew about her involvement. Claude says she would never let that happen. Claude begins making out with Ellen, and tells her that she loves her. Ellen does not reciprocate, and leaves. The next day, Claude cleans out her room, removing all trace of Ellen. Later, the police come in and take Mark away for questioning. Ellen tells Claude that she hates her. Claude says that she knows, and that she\'s sorry. Claude then starts seeing Lucy.'] ["Bryan meets a man called Bill in a bar. They go back to Bryan's home and have unprotected sex. Later, they wake up and talk. Bryan discovers that Bill's real name is Brian, and that he is bisexual. They spend hours talking, covering topics including AIDS, sexuality, feminism, role-play and Emily Dickinson.<ref name Canby | first  Vincent Canby | title  New York Times | date http://query.nytimes.com/gst/fullpage.html?res2008-03-05 }}"] ['Barry is a private with the 101st Airborne Division of the United States Army, stationed at Fort Campbell, Kentucky. Calpernia works as a showgirl at a transgender revue in Nashville, Tennessee when the two met in 1999. Barry\'s roommate Justin Fisher  brings Barry to the club where she performs. When Barry and Calpernia begin seeing each other regularly, Fisher begins spreading rumors on base about their relationship, which appeared to be a violation of the military\'s "don\'t ask, don\'t tell" policy about discussing the sexual orientation of military personnel. Barry faces increasing harassment and pressure, which explode into violence over Fourth of July weekend. While Calpernia performs in a pageant in Nashville, Barry is beaten to death in his sleep with a baseball bat by Calvin Glover, who had been goaded by Fisher into committing the crime. The film ends with a discussion of the aftermath.'] ["The story is based in Jakarta in Indonesia. It revolves around three main characters, Memey, Andien and Sakti, who struggle to maintain their facade of perfection in front of their arisan friends. An arisan is a meeting fraternity of upscale female socialites in Jakarta who meet regularly to share gossip and draw lots to see who takes home the money they all contribute. The main character is Meimei , an interior designer with a business of her own. Her husband has left her for an actress, and also finds out that she cannot get pregnant. When she finally finds a new love interest, Nino , it turns out that Nino is more interested in her best friend, Sakti . While another friend Andien , is a betrayed wife. Sakti is the gay character who, at the start, is in denial of his homosexual identity, and afraid of what his family and friends will think of him. Then he enters a relationship with another man , and must learn to face new challenges. The relationship between the two was complicated, but they're trying to keep it strong."] ['Between visits from his keeper, or john, a handsome male prostitute , alone in his apartment, lounges, fantasizing about worlds where he is the central character. For example, he pictures himself as a matador, a Roman slave boy and the emperor who condemns him, and the keeper of a male harem for whom another male performs a belly dance.'] ['The film stars Sheila McCarthy as Polly, a worker for a temporary secretarial agency. Polly serves as the narrator for the film, and there are frequent sequences portraying her whimsical fantasies. Polly lives alone, seems to have no friends and enjoys solitary bicycle rides to undertake her hobby of photography. Despite being somewhat clumsy, uneducated, socially awkward and inclined to take other\'s statements literally, all of which has led to scarce employment opportunities, Polly is placed as a secretary in a private art gallery owned by Gabrielle . Ann-Marie MacDonald plays Mary, who is Gabrielle\'s former young lover, and also a painter. Mary returns after an absence, and she and Gabrielle rekindle their former relationship despite Gabrielle\'s misgivings that she is too old and Mary too young. Polly, who\'s fallen a little bit in love with Gabrielle, is inspired to submit some of her own photographs anonymously to the gallery. She is crushed when Gabrielle dismisses her photos out of hand and calls them "simple minded". Polly temporarily quits the gallery, and goes into a depression. She returns to the gallery, and revives a little when Mary notices one of her photos. All the while, Mary and Gabrielle have been perpetrating a fraud. Gabrielle has been passing off Mary\'s work as her own. When Polly finds out, she becomes livid and tosses a cup of tea at Gabrielle. Believing she has done something unforgivable, Polly retreats to her flat in anguish. Mary and Gabrielle later visit Polly at her flat, and realize that the discarded photographs were by Polly. As the film ends, Gabrielle and Polly look at more of Polly\'s photographs and in a short fantasy sequence the three are transported together to an idyllic wooded glen, a metaphor for the beautiful world that supposedly plain and unnoticed people like Polly inhabit.'] ["Julie Johnson is a bored New Jersey housewife who is unhappy with her life and decides to take a computer class at a local college. When her husband finds out and is unsupportive and verbally abusive, she decides that enough is enough and the couple separate. Inspired, her friend Claire leaves her husband, and, having nowhere to go, moves in with Julie and her son and daughter. Living together, Julie and Claire develop a relationship that is more than just a friendship. Problems arise when Julie, immersed in studies, makes new, scholarly, cultured friends and Claire doesn't mesh well with them."] ['The film tells the story of two girls, Agnes and Elin, who attend school in the small town of Åmål in Sweden. Elin is outgoing and popular, but finds her life unsatisfying and dull. Agnes, by contrast, has no real friends and is constantly depressed. Agnes has a crush on Elin, but cannot find any way to express it. Agnes\' parents worry about their daughter\'s reclusive life, and try to be reassuring. Her mother decides, against Agnes\' will, to throw a 16th birthday party for her, and Agnes is afraid no one will come. Viktoria, a girl in a wheelchair, shows up and Agnes shouts at her in front of her parents, telling her they are friends only because no one else will talk to them. Agnes, overcome with anger and depression, goes to her room and cries into her pillow shouting that she wishes she was dead, while her father tries to soothe her. Viktoria leaves and Agnes\' family eats the food made for the party. Elin arrives at Agnes\' house, mainly as an excuse to avoid going to a different party, where there will be a boy   she wants to avoid. Elin\'s older sister, Jessica, who comes with her, dares her to kiss Agnes, who is rumoured to be a lesbian. Elin fulfills the dare, and then runs out with Jessica, only to soon feel guilty for having humiliated Agnes. After becoming drunk at the other party, Elin gets sick and throws up, while Johan tries to help her and ends up professing his love to her. Elin leaves Johan and the party, only to return to Agnes\' house to apologize for how she acted earlier. And in doing so, Elin stops Agnes from attempting to commit suicide. She even manages to persuade Agnes to return with her to the other party. On the way, Elin shares her real feelings about being trapped in Åmål, and asks Agnes about being a lesbian, and believes that both of their problems could be solved by leaving Åmål and going to Stockholm. On impulse, Elin persuades Agnes to hitchhike to Stockholm, a five-hour car journey away. They find a driver who agrees to take them, believing them to be sisters who are visiting their grandmother. It is while sitting in the back seat together that they first kiss "for real". The driver sees them and, shocked at the behaviour of the two \'sisters\', orders them to leave the car. Elin discovers that she is attracted to Agnes, but is afraid to admit it. She proceeds to ignore Agnes and refuses to talk to her. Elin\'s sister Jessica sees that she is in love and pushes her to figure out who it is. To cover the fact that she is in love with Agnes, Elin lies, pretending to be in love with Johan, and loses her virginity during a short-lived relationship with him. Elin eventually admits her feelings at the end of the film, where, after a climactic scene in a school bathroom, they are forced to \'out\' their relationship to the entire school. The film ends with Elin and Agnes sitting in Elin\'s bedroom drinking chocolate milk and Elin explaining that she often adds too much chocolate until her milk is nearly black so then she must fill another glass with milk and mix it, and that her sister Jessica often gets mad that she finishes the chocolate. The film ends with Elin saying "It makes a lot of chocolate milk. But that doesn\'t matter."'] ['Ten-year olds Mew and Tong are neighbors. Mew is a soft-featured but stubborn kid, while Tong is a more masculine, energetic boy who lives with his parents and sister, a Roman Catholic Thai family. Tong wants to befriend Mew, but the quiet boy and his outgoing neighbor are not initially close. At school, effeminate Mew is teased by several other students and harassed until Tong steps in to defend him. Tong receives injuries and now they begin a friendship. Tong apologizes to Mew for the chewing gum incident. Mew is grateful for Tong stepping in and responds that now they are even. Mew plays on his late grandpa\'s piano and is joined by his grandma, who begins to play a song. Mew asks his grandma why she liked that song and his grandma responds by telling Mew that it was played for her by his grandpa. It was a way for him to express his love to her and she explains that one day, Mew will understand the meaning of the song. Tong\'s family is going on vacation to Chiang Mai and his older sister, Tang, begs her mother to be allowed to stay on with her friends a couple days more. Tong buys Mew a present and decides to give it to Mew piece by piece in a game of Treasure Hunt, a tradition in his family. One by one, Mew finds all of the pieces except for the last one which is hidden in a tree. The tree is cut down just as Mew is about to retrieve it leaving the present Tong bought for Mew incomplete. Tong is disappointed at their misfortune, but Mew remains grateful for Tong\'s efforts. Tang calls her parents from Chiang Mai and tells them that she will be extending her stay in Chiang Mai until the 24th of December. Tang misses Tong\'s Christmas play and cannot be reached. After the Christmas play, Tong receives a phone call from his parents telling him to stay with Mew\'s grandma. Tong awakens to his parents along with Mew and Mew\'s grandma beside his bed. His parents are going to Chiang Mai to look for Tang, who may have gotten lost in the mountains. Tong devastated that his sister is missing, cries as Mew tries to comfort. Months pass and Tong\'s family decides to move to Bangkok. On the day of the move, Tong finds Mew sitting on a ledge overlooking a pier. Tong says his final words and walks away. Tong looks back to find Mew walking towards the car, as it drives away, wiping his eyes with his sleeve. Six years pass; Tong\'s father is a severe alcoholic, due to his guilt for losing his daughter. Tong has a pretty--but uptight--girlfriend, Donut. Tong and Mew are reunited during their senior year of high school at Siam Square. The musically talented Mew is the lead singer of a boy band called August. The meeting stirs up old feelings that Mew has harbored since boyhood, his love for Tong. The manager of Mew\'s band, Aod, instructs the young musicians--their songwriter Mew in particular--that they must write a song about love in order to sell more records. He assigns them a new assistant manager, June. Coincidentally, June looks just like Tong\'s missing sister, Tang. When Tong eventually meets her, he and his mother, Sunee, devise to a plan to hire June to pretend she is Tang, in hopes that it will pull Tong\'s father out of his alcoholic depression. "Tang" borrows a story from the Thai film Ruk Jung, saying she has amnesia, which is why she says a Buddhist prayer of thanks instead of Catholic Grace at the dinner table. Amazingly to Sunee, June seems to know too much of the family\'s past. Tang passes it off as her creative imagination. Mew is also the object of an unrequited crush of an obsessive neighbor girl, Ying, who is trying to use a voodoo doll and other tricks to make the boy like her. Unfortunately for her, Mew is more interested in his boyhood friend Tong, who has now become the inspiration for writing the new songs. The manager, as well as the entire band, are all impressed with Mew\'s composition. As part of the deception with "Tang," a backyard party is held in honor of her return, and Mew\'s band August provides the entertainment. Singing the new love song for the first time in public, Mew\'s eyes lock intensely with Tong\'s. June notices this. After the party, everyone has left and the two boys are left alone in the yard. They share a prolonged kiss. Unseen, Tong\'s mother Sunee accidentally witnesses this. The next day, she goes to meet Mew and firmly instructs him to stay away from her son. When Tong finds out that his mother has interfered, an argument ensues, but she has succeeded in creating a rift between the teens which persists for some time. Mew is heartbroken and loses his musical inspiration, so he quits the band. At Christmas time, as Tong and his mother are decorating their Christmas tree, he finally finds a way to show her how controlling she is. June has saved money and about the same time heads off in a bus to Chiang Mai. Whether June and Tang were the same person, we will never know. Tong goes to Siam Square for a date with Donut. Mew has rejoined the band, and they are playing nearby. Tong abandons Donut, telling her they are no longer together. He then rushes to see Mew play and is guided there by Ying, who has accepted the fact that Mew loves Tong. After the performance, Tong gives Mew his Christmas gift, the missing nose from the wooden doll that Tong gave him when they were children. Tong then says to Mew, "I can\'t be your boyfriend, but that doesn\'t mean I don\'t love you." The film ends with Mew putting the missing nose back to the wooden puppet, saying "thank you" and crying quietly.'] ["Axel  has just been dumped by his girlfriend Doro , and needs to find a new place to live. He meets Walter , a transvestite who teaches straight men how gay men think. Walter talks Axel into joining him and some friends at a gay party afterwards, and tries to convince Axel to move in with him. At the party, Axel decides instead to move in with Walter's best friend, Norbert , whose boyfriend has just left him. Later, at Axel and Doro's apartment, Norbert tries to seduce Axel while they browse old photos. Just when Norbert has shed all his clothes, Doro shows up at the door, and Axel hastily hides Norbert. Doro explains to Axel that she's expecting his child and wants to give their relationship a second chance. She is not amused to discover a naked man in the wardrobe, but Axel manages to convince her that nothing has happened. Excited about fatherhood and eager to return to Doro, Axel forgets about his new friendship with Norbert. But soon Axel discovers a downside to the pregnancy: he no longer finds Doro sexy. Despite his engagement to her, he decides to stray when he encounters Elke, a former girlfriend. They are trying to find a place to have sex when Axel bumps into Norbert again. At first Norbert is angry with him for having left without a word, but Axel claims it's only because Doro was upset. Axel convinces Norbert to lend his apartment for the tryst with Elke. A few days later at Norbert's apartment, Elke gives Axel a mind-altering drug, and leaves him sitting naked on a table. Meanwhile Doro has learned that Axel went to Norbert's apartment, and she thinks that Axel is going to have sex with Norbert. She confronts Norbert at his apartment and upon entering, she sees Axel naked and unable to speak and starts to go into labor. In the bathroom Norbert finds Elke and Norbert's not-so-gay boyfriend playing in the tub. As Norbert drives her to the hospital, he attempts to explain everything on the way. Doro forgives Norbert and they become friends, but her relationship with Axel is in question."] ['Brad Jenkins, a 40-year-old gay college professor, is still uncomfortable in his own skin. After a disagreement with mother, he storms out of his home, claiming that he is "going somewhere where [he] is more normal." A sudden car accident propels him back to his youth and into a world in which gay is "normal" and straight is not accepted. Brad has to weigh whether to remain in the past and be "normal" or attempt to return to his old life. A local jock, who had ignored him before, now dates him. However, he grows attracted to a girl— his best friend/sister-in-law in the heteronormative world. The couple attempts to deal with the pressures of being straight in a gay world. Eventually, everyone dances with people of the opposite sex at the school ball, even though they are in the homonormative world, showing Brad\'s "acceptance" of his straightness is the past and his gay self in real life. He then returns to his life as a professor and re-unites with the jock, who turns out to be the gay father of a student of Brad\'s.'] ["A young lesbian couple, Stella and Lenni, go on the run after the accidental death of Lenni's mother."] ['Steven Carter  is a sixteen-year-old middle-class schoolboy: intelligent and good-looking, but unathletic and introverted. Bullied at school, misunderstood at home, his only confidant is his neighbor and best friend, Linda . Keeping his sexuality hidden from everyone else, he cruises in public toilets. He is surprised to find the school jock, John Dixon  also cruising, but John denies that he is gay. At a school dance, Steven gains a friend after he comforts Jessica , after an argument with a boyfriend, who is also his bully, Kevin . When he returns home, John follows him and confides about his own sexuality. They decide to start a relationship. Word around the school spreads about someone being gay in the school, and John fears that Steven has been telling people. In order to maintain his status in the school, John beats up Steven in front of his friends. Steven announces in front of assembly that he is gay, and looks to John for support, but he does not. In the end, John apologizes for beating him up and says he loves him, but as he is too afraid to come out, Steven breaks up with him, wishing him happiness.'] ["Nic  and Jules  are a married lesbian couple living in California. They have each given birth to a child using the same sperm donor. Nic, an obstetrician, is the primary breadwinner and the stricter parent, while Jules, a housewife who is starting up a landscape design business, is more laid back. The younger child Laser  wants to find his sperm donor but has to be 18 to do so. He begs his 18-year-old sister Joni  to contact the sperm bank and determines that Paul  is the donor. The three meet. Joni is impressed by his bohemian lifestyle, and Paul is enthusiastic about being in their lives. Joni swears Laser to secrecy as she does not want to upset their mothers. However, Jules and Nic find out and invite Paul over to dinner. When Jules reveals she has a landscape business, Paul asks her to landscape his back garden. Jules agrees, although Nic does not like the idea. While working for Paul, Jules likes that he appreciates her work in contrast to Nic who, Jules feels, never supported her career. Jules impulsively kisses Paul one afternoon, and they end up in bed together, beginning an affair. Jules and the kids start spending more time with Paul. Nic believes Paul undermines her authority over the children, for example, by giving Joni a ride on his motorcycle, which Nic has forbidden, and suggesting she give Joni more freedom. After a heated argument with Jules, Nic suggests they all have dinner at Paul's house to ease the tension. Nic relaxes and makes a connection with Paul over their mutual love for Joni Mitchell. However, Nic discovers traces of Jules's hair in Paul's bathroom and bedroom. When they return home, Nic confronts Jules. At first, Jules denies it but then admits to the affair. Nic is devastated, but Jules insists she is not in love with Paul and has not turned straight; she just wanted to be appreciated. The household becomes very tense with Jules sleeping on the couch. The children are angry at Jules and Paul. Paul thinks he has fallen for Jules and suggests she leave Nic, bring the kids, and come live with him. Jules declines, disgusted with Paul's lack of understanding about their relationship. The night before Joni leaves home to go to college, Paul turns up at the house. Nic angrily confronts him, calling him an interloper, and tells him that if he wants a family, he should make one of his own. Rejected, Paul watches Laser from outside the window, trying to get his attention, but Laser gets up from the table and leaves, ignoring him. Later that night, Jules tearfully admits her errors to her family and begs their forgiveness. The next morning, the family takes Joni off to college. While Nic and Jules together hug Joni to say goodbye, they also affectionately touch each other. During the ride home, Laser tells his mothers that they should not break up because they are too old. Jules and Nic giggle, and the film ends with them smiling at each other and holding hands."] ['Kyle  breaks up with Marc , his love interest from the first movie, accusing him of flirting with hotter men. Kyle, Tiffani  and Gwen, friends from the first movie, all become attracted to Troy , a chiseled farm boy from Troy, Illinois, who poses nude for their art class. Troy befriends and confides in them that he has slept with both girls and men, but is reluctant to embrace any gay feelings. Kyle and the girls devise a scheme in which Kyle pretends to be an ex-gay who is dating Tiffani, to overcome Troy\'s inhibitions and get him to sleep with the both of them. While Kyle and Troy start attending meetings with the campus ex-gay ministry, Marc notices Kyle becoming close with Troy and decides to try to seduce Troy himself. Troy eventually succumbs to Marc\'s advances during Gwen\'s homoerotic photo shoot, and the two fool around, but Marc cannot go through with it because he still has feelings for Kyle. Troy then overhears Gwen and Marc talking about the entire scheme. Wanting to get back at the schemers, Troy visits Tiffani and Kyle because supposedly they have an "arrangement" that lets Kyle sleep with men. They attempt a threesome, but Troy gets his revenge by goading them into performing an uncomfortable act of cunnilingus first. Gwen and Marc storm into Kyle\'s house after witnessing the debacle, and Troy scolds the group for being so sex-crazy. Troy ultimately concludes that he is bisexual  and Kyle admits he was wrong to leave Marc. The five then start scheming to out Jacob , the closeted leader of the ex-gay ministry, to his mother by tricking him to have sex with Octavio, another member of the ministry, in a portable toilet on wheels. Jacob finally comes out to his mother , and flees with Octavio. Troy takes a liking to Tiffani and they start a relationship. In the end, Marc and Kyle get back together after confessing their feelings to each other and start kissing. Gwen starts to date a girl experimentally.'] ['The film follows the relationship between Bob  and Brendan , roommates at George Washington University in Washington, DC, five years after Bob made his romantic feelings toward Brendan known. When the two reconnect at the wedding of college friends, Bob is in a serious relationship with a soap opera star Sterling Scott  while Brendan is single and re-examining his own identity.'] ['In the local cabaret "Hannah and Her Brothers", Hana relates the story of the main character, Martin, and his journey of self-discovery through the songs of the Slovak chanteuse Hana Hegerová. The music and lyrics play and important role illustrating and commenting on the action.'] ["On an island in the Paraná Delta of Argentina, Álvaro  works as a fisherman and a reed cutter. His homosexuality and love of books make him an outsider in the small village. The brutish El Turu  captains La León, the town ferry. He views Álvaro as a threat, bullying him almost constantly. However, as the film progresses, El Turu's hidden attraction to Álvaro becomes obvious.La León | 2007 Seattle International Film Festival | Santiago Otheguy | ArgentinaProgram - Sydney Film FestivalLa León Yahoo! Movies"] ['It\'s Christmas Eve and John  is asleep in a Los Angeles park. He awakens as someone is stealing his shoes, in which he keeps his money. He chases the thief but can\'t catch him. John is angered not only because those are his "lucky" sneakers but because he\'s trying to accumulate enough money for an overnight stay in a fancy hotel to celebrate his birthday, which is also Christmas. Each time John puts any money together, either by turning a trick, robbing the house of one of his regular "dates" or stealing from potential clients, it\'s taken from him either by robbery or in payback for a drug deal where he burned the dealer. Meanwhile, Donner , a fellow hustler who\'s new to the streets and has fallen for John, tries to convince John to go with him to Branson, Missouri. Donner has a relative who runs a theme park there who can get them jobs. John is initially resistant to the idea but, after some particularly bad experiences, agrees to go. John and Donner have enough money for two bus tickets to Branson but John takes one last "date" to earn money for expenses. After their sexual encounter at a motel, however, John\'s "date" turns violent, beating John unmercifully. Donner goes in search of John and finds him at the motel. Donner drags John\'s lifeless body from the bathroom to the bed and tearfully confesses that he\'s the one who stole John\'s sneakers and money in a desperate attempt to persuade John to leave town with him. The next morning, Donner dons John\'s lucky sneakers and boards the bus for Branson.'] ['The film stars Pascale Bussières as Camille Baker, a university literature professor at a religious college struggling with both her tenure-track career and her troubled relationship with fellow professor Martin . When a carnival subsequently comes to town, Camille is confused by her unexpected lesbian attraction to Petra , a sexy, free-spirited circus performer. The cast also includes Don McKellar, Clare Coulter, Tracy Wright and Tom Melissis.'] ['In 1950s South Africa, a land torn apart by apartheid, Amina epitomizes individuality and freedom. She runs the Location Café, a haven of fun, food and festivities open to all. Amina defines her own laws and lives on her own terms undeterred by the reproving police and the disparaging Indian community. Miriam demurely follows conventions and makes no demands on life. Her world is confined to being a doting mother to her three children and a subservient wife to her chauvinistic husband Omar. Amina has a covert business partner Jacob. By virtue of being ‘coloured’ he is not allowed to own a business. Jacob fancies a local white postmistress Madeleine but their desire to pursue a relationship is thwarted by the indignities and injustices of the prevalent laws. Omar’s sister Rehmat marries a white man against rules that forbid mixed marriages. When she needs protection from police Amina shelters her. Amina’s charm and strength of character captivate Miriam. When Amina accepts a farming job in her backyard Miriam secretly rejoices at the opportunity to connect with her. Amina notices Miriam’s inherent kindness and silent dedication and the mutual attraction between them grows. They bare their hearts to each other and their emotions get entangled. They contrive another reason to meet – driving lessons. The inescapable social distance between them makes them question their feelings but in the midst of hatred and oppression their only refuge is love. In the resplendent South African landscape with retro music strewn in the background, The World Unseen explores Miriam’s relationship with Amina and how it empowers her to make personal choices that change her world.'] ['Not long after coming to terms with his homosexuality, 17-year-old Gerardo has broken up with his first serious boyfriend. Trying to ease his pain he has a number of casual sexual encounters in Mexico City.'] ['In 1980s Europe, flamboyant and gay 16-year-old Chance Marquis shows up at an international high school in a top hat and tails, immediately attracting the attention of the "queer-hating" resident bully, among others. Through his involvement in the school newspaper, he meets an introverted photographer with a mysterious briefcase, and while practicing tennis, he befriends a catty fashionista, both of whom act as his wingmen in his new high school. He also meets the jock-next-door, with whom he forms a tentative friendship, despite the jock\'s cacophonous group of friends. The film follows Chance through a year of high school, with its attendant drama, successes, and hijinks—including sneaking into a drag bar, where Chance begins to explore his true self. Themes underscored throughout the film include facing one\'s fears as one grows into adulthood, and the barriers that people put up in order to cope with life. Chance claims to be strong with his nonchalant attitude, but when photos of him in drag show up all over school, Chance must face his own preachings of staying true to oneself.'] ['The film opens with Henry Kray being interviewed by a reporter about the events about to unfold on-screen. Henry is the son of a powerful and conservative Senator from North Carolina. Senator Kray has gained a national reputation in part by attacking homosexuality. Unknown to the senator, Henry is gay. The senator plans to kick off his re-election campaign at a luncheon at Henry\'s college campus and he expects Henry to deliver his introduction. Henry\'s sexuality is something of an open secret around campus, to the extent that the campus gay activist group has created a chart of his sexual partners. The night before Senator Kray is scheduled to arrive, Henry hooks up with Anthony, a former ACT UP activist who\'s drifted away from activism. The day of the speech, Anthony is approached by a campus activist who wants to enlist his help in outing Henry. Anthony and his friend Izzie have an argument about it and Izzie  storms off. She\'s hit by the limousine transporting the senator and his wife Eunice. The senator\'s party brings her along with them and Eunice takes a shine to her. She gives Izzie a suit and invites her along for the luncheon. Henry invites Anthony as well, insisting that he sit at the dais with him. Henry introduces his father, who begins his speech. As the speech continues, Henry stands up, pulls Anthony to his feet and kisses him in full view of the national media, outing himself before the activists have the chance to. In the firestorm of controversy, the Senator and his team decide to spin the event by stressing that the Senator still loves his gay son. Meanwhile, one of the campus activists congratulates Anthony for outing Henry, and even though Henry decided to "out" himself, the bond of trust that had started to form between him and Anthony shatters. The film closes with Henry summarizing the aftermath. He and Anthony don\'t see each other. Izzie has died of AIDS. The Senator won re-election despite, or perhaps because of, the controversy.'] ['The film chronicles the experience of a gay Swedish couple, Sven  and Göran Skoogh  as they move into a new suburban neighborhood and adopt a child, beginning with their welcoming party. After meeting their new neighbors and settling into their jobs, they decide to adopt a child. Although they are married, no country is willing to let a gay couple adopt any of its children. After initially being turned down by the adoption, a Swedish orphan becomes available, which they readily agree to adopt. However, a typographical error on the papers changed the child\'s age from "15" to "1.5". When their new son Patrik  arrives, they are shocked to find him a troubled teenager with a criminal background. Hurrying to the adoption agency to rectify the error, they arrive to find there\'s nothing that can be done until the next week. Over the next few days, Sven is appalled by Patrik\'s insulting behavior, even though Göran sees the good in him. Patrik is initially afraid of both men, believing stereotypes that homosexuals are all pedophiles. Once the agency reopens, all three are told by the officials that Patrik\'s only options are living with them or returning to the foster center where he came from. After living up to his troublemaking habits, Patrik causes Sven to leave in disgust over Göran\'s unwillingness to kick Patrik out. Göran agrees to look after Patrik until the agency can find a suitable home for him. Over the next few days, Patrik reveals his talent at gardening, and Göran grows to accept him. After several weeks, the agency notifies Göran that a family has been found for Patrik, who by this time has gotten past his initial fear and contempt for his surrogate parents. Sven returns as he and Göran both realize their issues weren\'t worth ending their relationship. Patrik\'s new father arrives to pick him up, and he leaves with him. After a short time, Patrik returns, and the three then live together permanently.'] ['Born in 1972 in Kansas, 8-year-old Neil McCormick  and Brian Lackey  are sexually abused by their baseball coach . Both boys are targets for abuse due to their dysfunctional families: Neil\'s single mother  is neglectful and preoccupied with a string of boyfriends, while Brian\'s parents are on the verge of divorce. Neil showed homosexual proclivities at an early age—he was fascinated with male models depicted in his mother\'s Playgirl magazines. He interprets the coach\'s abuse as an initiation into sexuality and becomes sexually compulsive, being particularly attracted to middle-aged men. Eventually Neil leaves home, drifts into petty crime, and becomes a prostitute in New York City. His friend Wendy , who harbors an unrequited crush, describes Neil as having not a heart, but "a bottomless black hole." Brian reacts to the abuse by developing psychogenic amnesia and forgetting the events. He remembers waiting for his parents to drive him home from a baseball game, followed by a gap of several hours after which he regained consciousness, bloodied and hiding under the crawl space of his home. For many years Brian suffers from chronic nose bleeds and bed-wetting. In his teen years, Brian becomes nerdy and withdrawn, perceived by others as nearly asexual. He has unsettling recurring dreams about being touched by a strange, bluish hand. These odd dreams lead Brian to suspect that he and another boy may have been abducted by aliens. At the age of 18, Brian meets a young woman named Avalyn  who also believes she was abducted by aliens. They begin to form a fragile friendship; though, when she takes a romantic interest in Brian and touches him sexually, he reacts with intense panic and refuses to speak to her again. While trying to untangle his confused memories, Brian sees a photo of his childhood baseball team, recognizing a young Neil as the boy from his bizarre dreams. Taking the initiative to meet his former teammate, Brian instead, in Neil\'s absence, comes to befriend Neil\'s friend, Eric , and through him learns about their common acquantance. After being beaten and raped by a trick, Neil leaves New York City and returns home. Eventually, the two young men meet for the first time in over a decade. After breaking into the home that was previously rented by the baseball coach, Neil explains how the coach groomed both boys to make the abuse seem normal and acceptable, and how a bluish porch light shining through the bedroom window gave the abusive incidents an eerie atmosphere. Brian breaks down and collapses into Neil\'s arms.'] ["Bobby Riley  is a gay man in the closet, afraid to come out to his three older brothers, even though he's over 30, makes his own money, lives on his own, and is being pressed by his more liberal sister, his boyfriend, and his lesbian beard to tell them. The death of his father and a fishing trip with his brothers provide occasions when he could tell them, but he fails. The expectations of a close-knit Irish Catholic family in Chicago are hard for him to overcome. Eventually all the family's secrets are revealed, his brothers' as well as Bobby's, and the siblings all grow closer in the process."] ["It is 1985: Ronald Reagan is in the White House, and AIDS is causing wide-scale death in America. In Manhattan, Prior Walter tells Lou, his lover of four years, that he has AIDS; Lou, unable to handle it, leaves him. As disease and loneliness ravage Prior, guilt invades Lou. Joe Pitt, a Mormon and Republican attorney, is pushed by right-wing fixer Roy Cohn toward a job at the United States Department of Justice. Both Pitt and Cohn are in the closet: Pitt out of shame and religious turmoil, Cohn to preserve his power and image. Pitt's wife Harper is strung out on Valium, causing her to hallucinate constantly , and she longs to escape from her sexless marriage. An angel with ulterior motives commands Prior to become a prophet. Pitt's mother and Belize, a close friend and drag queen, help Prior choose. Joe leaves his wife and goes to live with Lou, but the relationship doesn't work out due to ideological differences. Roy is diagnosed with AIDS early on, and as his life comes to a close he is haunted by the ghost of Ethel Rosenberg. As the film continues, these lost souls come together to create bonds of love, loss, and loneliness and, in the end, discover forgiveness and overcome abandonment.Part one Film4Part two Film4."] ['Two best friends, Ravi and Paul, go on vacation to India where they attend an all night, eye-opening gay sex party. Surprised by the openness of their hosts and the aggressiveness of the guests, the boys fall into the steadily growing Indian gay culture. Ravi is especially bitten hard as he falls for the good looking but deeply closeted Mani. Will caste, economics and customs allow these two love birds a happy ending or will the forces of tradition and homophobia keep them apart? Fueled by flirting, erotic performances and open sex, Yours Emotionally is a revealing film about the growing Indian gay community. The camera lingers over the hot bodies of Indian men and never shirks from giving gay men a sexuality seldom seen from this part of the world. Sridhar Rangayan uses both traditional and experimental film techniques to build a story of love, compassion and truth in a society that is only now beginning to accept gay people for who they are. Source - TLA Videos http://www.tlavideo.com/details/product_details.cfm?id2&snfalse'] ['In 1950s Christchurch, New Zealand, a 14-year-old girl from a working-class family Pauline Parker  befriends the more affluent English 15-year-old Juliet Hulme  when Juliet transfers to Pauline\'s school. They bond over a shared history of severe childhood disease and isolating hospitalizations, and over time develop an intense friendship. Pauline admires Juliet\'s outspoken arrogance and beauty. Together they paint, write stories, make clay figurines, and eventually create a fantasy kingdom called Borovnia. It is the setting of the adventure novels they write together, which they hope to have published and eventually made into films in Hollywood. Over time it begins to be as real to them as the real world. Pauline\'s relationship with her mother becomes increasingly hostile and the two fight constantly. This angry atmosphere is in contrast to the peaceful intellectual life Juliet shares with her family. Pauline spends most of her time at the Hulmes\', where she feels accepted. Juliet introduces Pauline to the idea of "the Fourth World", a Heaven without Christians where music and art are celebrated. Juliet believes she will go there when she dies. Certain actors and musicians are "saints" in this afterlife. During a day trip to Port Levy, Juliet\'s parents announce that they are going away and plan to leave Juliet behind. Her fear of being left alone makes her hysterical, culminating in her first direct experience of the Fourth World, perceiving it as a land where all is beautiful and she is safe. She asks Pauline to come with her, and the world that Juliet sees becomes visible to Pauline, too. This is presented as a shared spiritual vision, a confirmation of their "Fourth World" belief, that informs the girls\' predominant reality and affects their perception of events in the everyday world. Juliet has an attack of tuberculosis and is sent to a clinic. Again her parents leave the country, leaving her alone and desperately missing Pauline. Pauline is desolate without her, and the two begin an intense correspondence, writing not only as themselves, but in the roles of the royal couple of Borovnia. During this time Pauline begins a sexual relationship with a lodger, which makes Juliet jealous. For both of them, their fantasy life becomes a useful escape when under stress in the real world, and the two engage in increasingly violent, even murderous, fantasies about people who oppress them. After four months, Juliet is released from the clinic and their relationship intensifies. Juliet\'s father blames the intensity of the relationship on Pauline and speaks to her parents, who take her to a doctor. The doctor suspects that Pauline is homosexual, and considers this a cause of her increasing anger at her mother as well as her dramatic weight loss. Juliet catches her mother carrying on an affair with one of her psychiatric clients and threatens to tell her father, but her mother tells her he knows. Shortly afterward, the two announce their intention to divorce, upsetting Juliet. Soon it is decided that the family will leave Christchurch, with Juliet being left with a relative in South Africa. She becomes increasingly hysterical at the thought of leaving Pauline, and the two girls plan to run away together. When that plan becomes impossible, the two begin to talk about murdering Pauline\'s mother, Honora, as they see her as the primary obstacle to their remaining together. As the date of Juliet\'s departure nears, it is decided that the two girls should spend the last two weeks together at Juliet\'s house. At the end of that time Pauline returns home and the two finalize plans for the murder. Honora plans a day for the three of them at Victoria Park, and the girls decide this will be the day. Juliet puts a broken piece of brick into a stocking and they go off to the park. After having tea, the three walk down the path and when Honora bends over to pick up a pink charm the girls have put there, Juliet and Pauline bludgeon her to death. In a postscript it is revealed that the next day Pauline\'s diary was found, in which the plan for the murder had been outlined. The two are tried, convicted, and sentenced to prison. It is a condition of their eventual release that they never meet again.'] ["The film follows the lives of a group of gay friends in West Hollywood. Among the group is Dennis , a photographer who often holds the group together; Cole  a handsome, charismatic actor who &mdash; often unwittingly &mdash; ends up with other people's boyfriends; Benji , the youngest member of the group, with a penchant for gym-bodied men, who finds himself going through some bad times; Howie ([[Matt McGrath , a psychology student who is known for overthinking every situation; Patrick ([[Ben Weber , the cynic of the group; and Taylor ([[Billy Porter , who has long boasted about his long-term relationship, which has just come crashing to an end. Guiding them is restaurant owner Jack  who provides them with advice and jobs for some of them who work part time as servers at his restaurant. But when tragedy strikes, and the group's newest member, 23-year-old Kevin , attempts to fit in, their friendships are put to the test. The film also stars Nia Long, Mary McCormack and Justin Theroux, and features a cameo by Kerr Smith, who knew the director through their work on Dawson's Creek and enjoyed the script so much he asked to be a part of it."] ["Jet  is a handsome gay hustler whose sex appeal seems to know no bounds. Everyone wants to make love to him, but he is in love with no one but himself. Things change drastically when he notices what seems like a young couple in a shop, Sam  and Kana . At first sight, he falls in love with Sam and begins following the two around. Jet's friend Ching, who is also a hustler, runs a personal in a gay magazine for Jet, imploring Sam to contact Jet. At first, Jet is angry with Ching for not asking him, but his wrath subsides quickly when indeed he meets Sam again in what seems like a chance encounter, but actually is an outcome of the personal. Sam turns out to be a police officer and Jet starts to befriend Sam, hoping this will turn into a relationship. But Sam does not seem to notice Jet's intentions towards him. Unbeknownst to Jet, Sam had a homosexual affair with pop star K.S. five years earlier. At the same time, Ching had been in unrequited love with Sam  when the two were still office workers. Ching comes to his apartment shared with Jet when Jet and Sam are there, instantly recognizes Sam as Fai and is furious with Jet for stealing his beloved. Sam runs back to his apartment, but Jet pursues him. The two kisses, but they were interrupted by an unknown person at the door. Later, Sam believes the person to be his father, and unwilling to face his father's disappointment, he suicides. Jet lives on as a hustler, but receives a letter knowing that Sam has loved him."] ['Annabelle Tillman, the daughter of a senator, is sent to a Catholic boarding school after being expelled from two of her previous schools. Simone Bradley, a poetry teacher at the school, is in charge of her dormitory. Annabelle shares the dormitory with an amiable classmate, Christen. Katherine, who tends to bully people, and Colins, a student with a nervous disposition, also share the room. Simone is a dependable and respectable teacher who occasionally bends the rules out of concern for her students. Her personal life is synonymous with abiding by the conventions of society and religion. Annabelle is her antiagent – with unrestrained behavior, unconventional choices and outright defiance for authority. Annabelle receives a stern rebuke from the principal, Mother Immaculata, for audaciously flaunting her Buddhist prayer beads. Simone is given the responsibility of controlling her. At first Simone requests the principal to move Annabelle to another dormitory but soon notices her maturity and sensitivity and convinces her to comply with the school regulations. In the process Annabelle falls in love with Simone. Simone resists Annabelle’s delicate overtures until they are left alone at the school during spring break. Simone drives Annabelle to her beach house where Annabelle discovers painful personal details about Simone’s past. Annabelle holds Simone tightly in her arms as Simone breaks down. A deep emotional connection is established between the two. Simone fights a hard battle with herself but is eventually overpowered by Annabelle’s relentless pursuit. At the annual school dance when Annabelle pours her heart out with the song – "In the space between what’s wrong and right; you will find me waiting for you…" Simone is consumed by intense emotions and kisses Annabelle. They end up making passionate love. The next morning Mother Immaculata walks in on them getting dressed and demands to see Simone in her office immediately. On being questioned if she did the right thing Simone admits that she loves Annabelle. Government officials arrest Simone and just as she is leaving, Annabelle places her most prized possession &ndash; the Buddhist prayer beads &ndash; in her hands. Annabelle tearfully looks at her pictures taken by Simone at the beach house while Simone is driven away. The movie ends with the following quote – ‘For one human being to love another that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks…the work for which all other work is but preparation.’'] ["Francesco  and Marta  are an uptight Roman couple running a small design firm. Their marriage, once the most important thing to both of them, has lost all meaning. Francesco loses interest in Marta, prompting her to start an affair with their business partner. Then Francesco's aunt Anita, the black sheep of the family, dies in Istanbul, where Francesco goes to try to sell the property he has inherited from her as quickly as possible. The family who had managed the property under Anita's supervision and direction welcomes him with hospitality, but they are concerned about what the future holds for them. Their young son Mehmet  is particularly eager to show their handsome guest around. When Francesco discovers the property includes a derelict hamam, a Turkish bath, he instead decides to restore the hamam and reopen it to the public. During the restoration, he starts a relationship with Mehmet.Steam-Scene Meanwhile, Marta has arrived in Istanbul to get a speedy divorce from Francesco, but she is taken aback when she realizes how much Francesco has changed from his Roman self: both the hamam and Mehmet's unconditional affection were just what he needed, giving him back a purpose in life. Marta falls in love with him again, causing Rome and the divorce to lose importance for her. Francesco's unwillingness to sell the property makes him enemies, some of whom ultimately murder him. Marta decides to stay in Istanbul and run the hamam, the final scene suggesting she has turned into a second Anita."] ['The film is about a zombie named Otto who hitched a ride to Berlin and begins to explore the city. Otto is discovered by underground filmmaker Medea Yarn, who begins to make a documentary about him with the support of her girlfriend, Hella Bent, and her brother Adolf. Medea is trying to finish Up with Dead People, the epic political-porno-zombie movie that she has been working on and convinces its star, Fritz Fritze, to allow the vulnerable Otto to stay in his guest bedroom. Otto discovers that he has a wallet that contains information about his past life, remembering details about his ex-boyfriend, Rudolf. He arranges to meet him at the schoolyard where they met, with devastating results.'] ["Pierre  is a photojournalist from Montreal who's working on a reportage in Nicaragua. There he sees many people being executed and he takes photographs of them. Even of the death of a young child and of his mother crying. Back home in Montreal, his ten-year bisexual ménage à trois  is over. Sarah  and David  have moved out, leaving Pierre wondering why. Pierre is haunted by his experiences and memories in war, and those of his relationship with Sarah and David. The memories in his mind are most of the times shown in black and white mouvies with emotianal background-music. After some days, when he's been stalking David and Sarah with his photocamera, he meets the young deaf-mute Quentin . After a while he's able to begin a new life with Quentin."] ['Matty Dean , a young gay man, arrives in New York City by bus and immediately heads for Greenwich Village. There he falls in with drag queen La Miranda  and friends, who take him to the Stonewall Inn. There is a police raid and Mattie and La Miranda are arrested. They are bailed out by Bostonia , who is the African-American "mother" of the family of queens who hang out at the Stonewall. Bostonia is the secret lover of Vinnie , the deeply closeted mafioso who runs the Stonewall. Matty and La Miranda go back to La Miranda\'s place where she receives her draft notice. They talk all night until Matty leaves to attend a meeting of the Mattachine Society, where he meets Burt  and Ethan , who he\'d bumped into the night before while Ethan was distributing leaflets. The group is planning a picket at Independence Hall in Philadelphia. Ethan and Matty spend some time together after the meeting until Matty goes to meet La Miranda. They witness an initiation of sorts as a young man named José becomes the drag queen Camelia. After the ceremony they return to La Miranda\'s place and make love. Matty Dean spends more time with Ethan, who is a writer under a pseudonym for a homophile magazine. They flirt and become infatuated. La Miranda reports to the induction center in full drag and is ordered to go for psychological evaluation. La Miranda is terrified because of former bad experiences with psychiatrists, so Matty dons her clothes and meets with the doctor in her place, securing a rejection from military service for her as a "sexual deviant." On the subway ride home, Matty tells La Miranda he loves her. At a Mattachine meeting, Matty is disgusted by the guest speaker, a psychiatrist who discourses on the then-current disease model of homosexuality, and leaves. After the meeting Burt, Ethan and Matty argue about it on their way to meet with a reporter and photographer from the Village Voice newspaper. The group stages a "sip-in," trying to illustrate discriminatory alcohol service laws by being refused service but no one refuses to serve them until they go to the Stonewall. At the bar La Miranda and Ethan meet and Ethan treats her mockingly. La Miranda realizes that Matty hasn\'t told his Mattachine friends about her and storms out. Matty follows and they argue about La Miranda\'s refusal to conform and Matty\'s feeling the need to be with more masculine men. Matty seeks out Ethan and they begin an affair. Vinnie takes Bostonia to an isolated rooftop. He points out a clinic he calls the "Palace of Dreams" and tells her that he wants her to have sex reassignment surgery so that they can marry. Bostonia is vehemently opposed to this, declaring herself to be "a chick with a dick who ain\'t done with her dick yet." Vinnie is miserable and Bostonia reaches to comfort him, but Vinnie is terrified that someone will spot them through one of the distant windows. Following the Philadelphia picket, Ethan takes Matty to Fire Island, which Ethan describes as "heaven." "Heaven" includes such repressive features as men not being allowed to dance face-to-face, not being allowed to dance at all unless there\'s a woman on the dance floor and police performing random beach checks for "suggestive" bathing costumes. Given the choice between Ethan\'s acceptance of that sort of discrimination and La Miranda\'s defiance, Matty chooses La Miranda and they reconcile. It is the day of Judy Garland\'s death. Bostonia watches the television coverage, very depressed. To cheer her up, Vinnie takes her out in full drag in public for the first time. They have ice cream at a fancy restaurant, their open affection drawing disapproving stares from the other patrons, until asked to leave by the manager. As they wake up together the next morning, Vinnie asks Bostonia if he\'s ever told her that he loves her. She says no. Vinnie suddenly commits suicide with a bullet through the head and Bostonia becomes hysterical. Vinnie has left her a large amount of cash and scrawled "I LOVE YOU" on a mirror in lipstick. That night at the Stonewall there\'s another raid. Several of the queens are arrested, including Bostonia. As she\'s led out, the arresting officer says "Poor little faggot don\'t know whether to kill me or kiss me." Bostonia smashes him in the face, saying "I guess I made up my mind." She is attacked by other cops and other queens fight back, touching off the riots that would mark the beginning of the gay community\'s advocacy movement for its rights.'] ['Pierre, an idealistic twenty-year-old man, leaves his home in a remote district of the Pyrenees to travel to Paris, hoping to break away from his restrictive provincial life. Arriving in the French capital, he turns to the only person he knows in the city, Evelyne, a middle aged nurse, whom he had briefly met when working as a stretcher-bearer at Lourdes. She is vague and distracted, being preoccupied by the paralyzed mother with whom she lives. Nevertheless, she manages to get Pierre a job as a hospital orderly. He finds somewhere to stay and, in order to fulfill his childhood dream, buys a book on how to become an actor. A colleague at work, Said, takes him to dinner with two middle-aged men: they are both gay. The cellist, Dimitri, is Said’s lover, and the intellectual television personality, Romain, is fascinated by Pierre but insists his interest is platonic. Pierre is disgusted by the evening and when Romain gives him a ride home and stops in a park that is a pick up point for hustlers, he walks off in a huff, refusing to get back into Romain\'s car. Evelyne takes Pierre to an expensive restaurant to make up for her earlier indifference. They return to her house and spend the night together. She offers him free accommodation, he moves in and they start an affair. Pierre begins to attend acting classes but shows little talent. When he has to prepare for "Hamlet", he recites the role with no feelings and even forgets his lines. Humiliated, he flees in abandonment from his tentative ambition to become an actor. His relationship with Evelyne also comes to an abrupt end. She feels that he does not really love her and breaks away from him. When she leaves him some money, Pierre feels insulted, returns the money, and leaves the place she had offered him. He goes absent from work pleading illness and eventually loses his job. Homeless and forced to sleep on the streets, he falls victim to thieves who steal all his belongings. Now broke and homeless, Pierre returns to the park where Romain took him in, and sees him again. Pierre’s offer of sexual favors is refused, but Romain takes him on a trip to Spain. In Seville, the older man takes someone else as a lover and Pierre returns to Paris. With no job or home, Pierre has to adopt prostitution as his only way to make money. He makes his rules very clear to prospective male clients: "I don\'t kiss, I don\'t suck, I don\'t get fucked". Despite his initial aversion to sex with men, Pierre manages to make a success of his new career. During a police crackdown on streetwalkers, he meets Ingrid, another prostitute. He becomes infatuated with Ingrid, whose dream had been to become a singer. Both are arrested and after a night in jail, they spend an idyllic day together. They make love, but their liaison is discovered by her pimp, who with his gang beats up and rapes Pierre, forcing Ingrid to watch. Pierre leaves Paris and joins the paratroops; he voices to an interviewing officer a desire for revenge, and also for the "leap into the void" involved in parachuting at night. On a visit home, he tells his brother that he did not hate the city, he just was not ready for it. On release from his service, and about to leave once again for Paris and an open future, Pierre stops off at the beach, takes his clothes off and wanders into the sea.'] ["Oliver Wyatt  lives with his mother Hannah Wyatt  and her live-in boyfriend Frank Donally  and spends occasional afternoons with his father Martyn Wyatt . After Oliver suffers a series of mysterious physical injuries, on which he vaguely blames neighbordhood bullies, suspicions are raised by his General practitioner father against Hannah's boyfriend, Frank. While Martyn becomes firmly convinced Frank is abusing his son, Oliver maintains a silence about the true source of his injuries, and Hannah refuses to believe Frank could be abusing her son. Martyn begins court proceedings to gain sole custody of Oliver, though his homosexual relationship with Tom Dixon  is brought as evidence by Hannah's lawyer of the unsuitability of Martyn's home. Only after she catches Frank abusing Oliver does Hannah accept that her boyfriend is the source of Oliver's injuries, though she is swayed by Frank's pleas and agrees to remain quiet about the issue and promises Oliver that the abuse will end. In the climactic scene, Oliver attacks Frank and is saved from a terrible beating by his father, Martyn, who instead receives Frank's wrath. As Frank's savagery is witnessed not only by Hannah, Oliver, and Tom, but by Hannah's neighbors as well , the film ends with Hannah visiting Oliver, who now resides with his father, and asking him if he'd like to return to her home on occasion, now that Frank no longer lives with her.  Her request is met with stony silence from Oliver."] ["Gary  is a hustler walking through the streets of New York City, looking for business. On the way, he saves a young deaf transvestite from a group of gay bashers, but regrets it afterwards because the transvestite becomes infatuated with Gary and follows him everywhere. Gary introduces the transvestite to his friends: Valentino, a former porn star, and Mary Carmen, the Latina who works as a doughnut shop waitress and is in love with Valentino, with whom she has been living for some time. Together they form a bohemian family, which includes Veronica, a still-active porn star, and Nat, a tattoo artist. Gary is also in love with Valentino, who is dying of AIDS. Through the stages of the disease, Mary Carmen and Gary argue over what kind of care he should be receiving, and who is going to supply that care. As Valentino draws near death, Mary Carmen finds out she is carrying Valentino's baby. The three take stock of themselves and their relationships with one another."] ["A spy plants a capsule of microfilm on Albin and from then on spies and government agents pursue him. Albin and Renato travel to Italy to hide at Renato's mother's farm. At each point along the way we see the straight world's reaction to Albin."] ['Teenager Dedee Truitt  runs away from home after her stepfather\'s funeral and moves in with her half-brother Bill , a gay teacher in a conservative, suburban community in Saint Joseph County, Indiana. Dedee seduces Bill\'s young lover, Matt , then tricks him into believing he has impregnated her. In fact, the father of her child is her ex-boyfriend Randy Cates . She and Matt elope, leaving Bill and the uptight Lucia , the sister of Bill\'s deceased partner Tom, to track them down and sort out the mess. In the meantime, Matt\'s "bit on the side," Jason Bock , attempts to blackmail Bill in order to track down Matt, claiming Bill sexually assaulted him while he was a student. Bill and Lucia find Dedee and Matt, only to discover Dedee has stolen Tom\'s ashes and is holding them for ransom. Randy also finds Dedee; they inform Matt that they are taking the ashes and moving to have the baby elsewhere. They escape but soon get into an argument that leads to Dedee accidentally shooting Randy. She and Matt escape to Canada, and Bill eventually finds them. After giving birth to Randy Jr., Dedee returns Tom\'s ashes to Bill, apologizing for her actions in the past year. After a few months in prison, she moves back in with Bill, while Matt and Jason go traveling together, and Lucia marries her old friend Carl . Eventually, Dedee decides that Randy Jr. would be better off alone with Bill  and runs away. Narrating the ending, Dedee sarcastically concludes that sex is precisely the opposite of what people should want, leading as it does to kids, disease or, worst of all, relationships. At the end of the film, the vignettes of the various caring relationships among the characters show the opposite of superficial sexual gratification.'] ['“I feel I go through life like an American tourist, doing as many towns as possible”, explains Jean, a camera man and aspiring film director. Handsome, but self-centered, childish and hedonistic, he has a complicated sex life. He is bisexual and HIV positive. During a casting session he meets Laura, a lively eighteen-year-old. Captivated by her charm, Jean soon is pursuing her and she quickly falls in love with him. They start a passionate affair. At the same time, the restless Jean pursues a relationship with Samy, a young rugby player. Samy, who has emigrated with his mother and brother from Spain, is unemployed and equally troubled. He is straight and although living with his girlfriend, Marianne, he has no qualms about his homoerotic relationship with Jean, who has a big crush on him. Jean and Laura\'s relationship is complicated by him having HIV which initially he hides from her. Only after they have had sex does he tell her. At first, Laura is furious and her mother is equally livid. However, Laura is by then deeply in love with Jean. She not only continues the relationship but refuses to use condoms as Jean wanted. Jean is also deeply troubled in accepting his disease. “Drop your illusions. Learn from your disease” suggests his friend Noria. Peaceful acceptance does not come easy for him, his life ricochets from one coupling to the next, trying to make sense of his situation. He is a damned rebel, which he defines as, " Someone marked by fate and with real dignity inside". Laura has emotional problems too, at one point she erupts at the owner of the dress shop, where she works and loses her job. Her feelings reach a boiling point in dealing with Jean’s bisexuality that includes not only Jean’s relationship with Samy but anonymous sex with multiple partners in dark cruising spots. In these sex encounters, Jean releases his self-destructive drive and finds refuge from the frustrations brought by his illness and his affairs with Laura and Samy. As Samy acquires a taste for sadomasochism and violence, he turns to Jean. He moves in with him, leaving Marianne, who angrily berates Jean. After a fight with racist skinheads, Samy finally consummates his relationship with Jean and tells him that he loves him. Laura turns increasingly angry and desperate, disappointed in her relationship with Jean. "Help me to leave you!" is her pathetic cry. Jean is emotionally closed. After a night out of drinking and partying Jean yells "I want to live" to his friends but mostly he seems in denial that he is dying. The next morning Laura finds him in bed not only with Samy but with his ex-girlfriend. Laura throws a big tantrum, from then she leaves endless, long messages on Jean’s answering machine. In some she begs for love, in others she threatens to ruin his life. Reaching breaking point, Laura threats Jean with committing suicide and tells him that he has infected her with HIV. Only then, Jean intervenes and with Laura’s mother they find psychological help for her. Jean repeatedly fails to find meaning in his life. A conversation with his mother is only painful. Returning home, he is involved in car accident. He is as reckless in his sex life as with HIV medication, which he avoids when it interferes with his drinking and partying. After sometime, Jean looks again for Laura. He finally wants to tell her that he loves her but she has overcome her turbulent relationship with him. Making peace with herself, Laura has a new boyfriend. Jean and Laura have a short conversation, they kiss tenderly and part ways. Jean finally finds peace with his HIV status and with his life.'] ['The film was released in 2001 and is set in 1996, when the real team competed and won the national championships in Thailand. The two main characters, Mon and Jung, play two gay transvestites, who had been constantly overlooked by volleyball coaches because of their appearance. However, when a local team changes coaches, the new coach holds tryouts for a new team. When Mon and Jung are selected, most of the old players resign, leaving the new coach, Coach Bee, in a sticky predicament. Mon and Jung are then forced to enlist the help of other gay and transsexual friends who they used to play volleyball with in university. These new players include Wit, who hasn\'t told his fiancée he is gay, Pia, a transsexual dancer and Nong, a gay army conscript. When the competition begins, all but one player in the team are gay or transsexual. Because of their appearance on court, many of the match officials intend to ban the team, soon dubbed "The Iron Ladies", from the tournament. However, seeing how much the team is liked by the crowd soon changes many of their opinions. At the end credits of the film, the real "Iron Ladies" are shown as they were at the time of making the film.'] ["Fernando  meets Alexis , a handsome gay youth, at a party of one of his old friends and immediately falls for him. The two begin a relationship which, apart from the sex, consists mainly in Fernando telling Alexis how pastoral the city was when he left, while Alexis explains to Fernando the ins and outs of everyday robbery, violence, and shootings. Even though Fernando has come home to die, his sarcastic worldview is mellowed somewhat by his relationship with Alexis. He soon discovers that Alexis is a gang member and hitman  himself, and that members of other gangs are after him. After several assassination attempts fail because of Alexis' skillful handling of his Beretta, he is finally killed by two boys on a motorcycle. Fernando is partly responsible for this, as Alexis' weapon has been lost before the murder due to Fernando's suicidal impulses. Fernando visits Alexis' mother and gives her some money, and then walks through the streets aimlessly when he encounters Wilmar , who bears a striking resemblance to Alexis, not only in his looks but in his entire manner. He invites Wilmar for lunch and the two begin an affair, rekindling the kind of relationship he had with Alexis. Wilmar is also a killer, but it is a shocking revelation to Fernando when he finds out that Wilmar is the one who shot Alexis. He vows to kill Wilmar, but then learns it was Alexis who started the violence by killing Wilmar's brother, calling for vengeance on him by Wilmar. When Wilmar goes to say goodbye to his mother before he and Fernando leave the country together, he is killed as well. Seeing that the vicious cycle of atrocities in Medellín denies happiness, Fernando presumably commits suicide, if the last scene is taken to hint at that."] ["Berke Landers ([[Ben Foster  and his girlfriend Allison  were the quintessential high-school couple, but she breaks up with him immediately after the film begins. She then begins a new relationship with Striker , a 'foreign' student who was once the lead singer of a boy band. When Allison and Striker audition for the school's upcoming musical, Berke desperately tries to win Allison back by also auditioning for the play, despite having no theatrical talent and having a busy schedule as a member of the basketball team. Meanwhile, Berke's friends Felix  and Dennis  try to find a new girlfriend for him. With the help of Felix's younger sister, Kelly , a talented songwriter and singer, Berke wins a minor role in the play, a modern musical version of Shakespeare's comedy A Midsummer Night's Dream called A Midsummer Night's Rockin' Eve, written and directed by the school's domineering drama teacher, Dr. Desmond Oates . Striker plays Demetrius, Allison plays Hermia, Kelly plays Helena, and Lysander is to be played by the school's star actor, Peter Wong . But after Peter is injured in a freak accident, Striker nominates Berke to take over the role of Lysander, and, still intent on winning Allison back, Berke accepts. He gradually improves with continuing assistance from Kelly, but remains unaware of the growing attraction between the two of them. Meanwhile, Oates blames Kelly's singing for his own poorly written song and rejects her suggestions to improve it. At a party at Berke's house, Kelly kisses Berke, but he insists that a relationship between them could not work because she is Felix's sister. She leaves him, annoyed at his unwillingness to move on with his life, and Felix, coming across the two, punches Berke. At the same party, Berke and Allison catch Striker cheating on Allison with her best friend Maggie , and so Allison breaks up with Striker. On the play's opening night, the first half of the performance goes smoothly except for some onstage scuffling between Berke and Striker. During the intermission, Allison confides to Berke that she wants to get back together with him, leaving him with a difficult choice between her and Kelly. Meanwhile, Striker bribes two of the theater technicians to try and blow up Berke using stage pyrotechnics. Before the play resumes, Felix gives the orchestra sheet music for a love ballad written by Kelly to replace Oates' unpopular tune. After the curtain rises, Kelly sings her song so beautifully that Berke is reminded of their time together and finally realizes he loves her. As the fourth act begins, he abandons his lines from the script and makes up his own verse professing his character's love for Kelly's character Helena. The audience applauds as Berke and Kelly kiss. Striker protests this change, but unwittingly signals the technicians to set off the explosion, blowing him offstage. Kelly and Berke leave the theater after the show, looking forward to their future together as they discuss the next night's performance."] ["Laurent  and Loli  are a thirty-ish married couple living in southern France with their young children. He is an estate agent; she is a housewife. Laurent has extramarital affairs. Loli is unaware that her husband is unfaithful. Then one day, a campervan breaks down in front of their house. The driver is Marijo , a 40s-ish butch lesbian who works as a DJ. She asks to use their phone. Loli has a blocked sink, so in exchange for using the phone, Marijo gets Loli's drain back in working order. Loli and Marijo begin an affair. Laurent is upset, but then his friend Antoine  accidentally reveals Laurent's philandering to Loli. This seems to justify her romance. Marijo moves into the house. Antoine then suggests that Laurent let Loli have her way, cease all hostility, and wait for the affair to burn out. Laurent agrees, and the household becomes a seemingly idyllic ménage à trois. But his strategy has its effect, especially after another lesbian couple, old friends of Marijo, happen by. Laurent welcomes them, but Loli becomes annoyed and jealous. Marijo decides that the situation is not really going to work. She knows that Laurent wants her to leave. While Loli is away on a trip, Marijo makes a deal with Laurent. She will break up with Loli and leave immediately, if Laurent will give her something she has wanted for years: a baby. Laurent has sex with Marijo to get her pregnant, and Marijo departs before Loli returns. Laurent tells Loli nothing, as agreed with Marijo. Laurent and Loli settle back down to their old life, but their relationship has been deeply affected. Then Loli hears from a mutual acquaintance that Marijo is living in Paris and is several months pregnant. Loli is astonished and shocked. She insists that she and Laurent go to Paris and contact Marijo. They find her working as a DJ in a lesbian dance club. Their intrusion provokes a quarrel with the club owner, who fires Marijo. Loli and Laurent take her back to their home, where she has her baby. The ménage à trois is re-established, with the two mothers caring for their children. As a final twist, a handsome man  moves into the neighbourhood and he and Laurent gaze into each other's eyes..."] ['The film is set in an Upper East Side apartment in New York City in the late 1960s. Michael , a Roman Catholic and recovering alcoholic, is preparing to host a birthday party for his friend Harold. Another of his friends, Donald , a self-described underachiever who has moved from the city, arrives and helps Michael prepare. Alan ([[Peter White , Michael\'s  old college roommate from Georgetown, calls with an urgent need to see Michael. Michael reluctantly agrees and invites him to his home. One by one, the guests arrive. Emory  is a stereotypical flamboyant interior decorator; Hank , a soon-to-be-divorced schoolteacher, and Larry , a fashion photographer, are a couple, albeit one with monogamy issues; and Bernard  is an amiable black bookstore clerk. Alan calls again to inform Michael he isn\'t coming after all, and the party continues in a festive manner. However, Alan does appear unexpectedly and throws the gathering into turmoil. "Cowboy"  – a male hustler and Emory\'s "gift" to Harold – arrives. As tensions mount, Alan assaults Emory and in the ensuing chaos Harold finally makes his grand appearance. Michael begins drinking again. As the guests become more and more intoxicated, the party moves indoors from the patio due to a sudden downpour. Michael, who believes Alan is a closeted homosexual, begins a game in which the objective is for each guest to call the one person whom he truly believes he has loved. With each call, past scars and present anxieties are revealed. Michael\'s plan to "out" Alan with the game appears to backfire when Alan calls his wife, not the male college friend Justin Stewart whom Michael had presumed to be Alan\'s lover. As the party ends and the guests depart, Michael collapses into Donald\'s arms, sobbing. When he pulls himself together, it appears his life will remain very much the same.'] ["Annecy is no tourist destination for three working-class brothers and their father, in the months after their mother has died. Marc  is deeply troubled: he tries to stiff drug dealers and then plots revenge. Christophe  is released from jail, lands a job, and must overcome various temptations in order to keep it. Olivier , nearing 18, may be falling in love with Hicham , a young man who constantly practices capoeira on the shores of the lake. Both violence and fraternity are close to the surface of most interactions. How each brother emerges from his challenge comprises the film's drama. The film discusses about how these men can form a family."] ["It's the maiden voyage of R Family Vacations, the travel company founded by Rosie and Kelli O'Donnell which specializes in gay family vacations. The cruise starts in New York, New York on July 11, 2004, and sailed along the American east coast, stopping in Key West, Florida and then Nassau, Bahamas. Five hundred families attended the cruise, including LGBT parents as well as non-LGBT people. In the film, Rosie and Kelli's family, along with several other families on the cruise are interviewed, including former Hawaiian NFL star Esera Tuaolo along with his partner and their children. Comedian Judy Gold also makes appearances. When the ship stops in the Bahamas, the cruise members are met with protests from some local Christians, though interviews show that there were many locals who didn't have a problem with LGBT people and did not agree with the action of the protesters. Despite this, the trip continued as normal to the end."] ['The film takes place mainly over two days. Following a recent break-up, Juliet makes a to-do list, which includes - item 1 - to see Julie again after 15 years. Juliet tracks Julie down in the Eastern Townships of Québec. Day 1 sees the pair reconnect as they spend the day together. However, near the end of the night, Juliet kisses Julie. Surprised, despite a similar incident in their adolescence, Julie initially rejects Juliet. However, the next day when Juliet prepares to leave, Julie won’t let her go. Day 2 sees Julie work through her feelings for Juliet. Facing the prospect of losing Juliet again, Julie finally admits to having feelings for Juliet and eventually returns Juliet’s affections.'] ['Victorian adventurer and sexologist Sir Richard Francis Burton ([[John Robinson , following an "unfortunate encounter" with the Fountain of Youth in 1892, is 170 years old and living in Toronto, Canada. Burton, now living and working as the chief taxidermist at a Museum of Natural History, is searching for a centerpiece display for an exhibit in his Hall of Contagion. He comes up with the idea of featuring AIDS and the Patient Zero hypothesis. Accepting the popular belief that Zero introduced the virus to North America, Burton sets out to collect video footage from those who knew Zero to support the hypothesis. When Zero\'s doctor , mother  and former airline colleague Mary , who is now with ACT UP, all refuse to demonize Zero, Burton manipulates the footage to make it appear as if they do and includes doctored photographs of Zero showing signs of Kaposi\'s sarcoma. He presents this preliminary version to the press. The ghost of Zero  materializes at a local gay bathhouse. No one can see or hear him, until Zero runs into Burton while Burton is spying on Zero\'s friend George. Zero realizes that Burton can see him, although Zero does not show up on Burton\'s video camera. The two strike a deal; Zero agrees to help Burton with his Patient Zero exhibit if Burton finds a way to make Zero appear. The two return to the museum where Burton makes a ridiculous attempt to seduce Zero to ensure his participation. Rejecting his advances, Zero examines some of the other exhibits  before finding an African green monkey, another suspected early AIDS vector. The monkey  angrily denounces Zero for scapegoating her just as he has been scapegoated. Zero turns to Burton and they make love. Under pressure from his director and the exhibit\'s drug manufacturer sponsor, Burton steals Zero\'s medical records in hopes of discovering new information. Zero and Burton examine an old blood sample of Zero\'s under a microscope and discover Miss HIV , who points out that the original study that was used to label Patient Zero as the first person to bring HIV to North America did not prove any such thing, but instead helped prove that HIV was sexually transmitted, leading to the development of safer sex practices. Under this interpretation, Zero could be lauded as a hero for his candor in participating in that original study. As Burton ponders this, an unknown fluid squirts from the eye pieces of the microscope, drenching Zero and making him appear on video. He joyously declares his innocence on tape but the effect only lasts five minutes before he fades away again. Zero angrily accuses Burton of not caring for him at all and only wanting to use him for the exhibit, then storms out. Burton fails to complete the revised Patient Zero exhibit before its scheduled opening date. The museum curator substitutes the original presentation instead over Burton\'s protests, leading to a renewed rush of press scapegoating Zero. The night after the exhibit opens, Mary and other ACT UP members break into the Hall of Contagion and trash the exhibit. Zero returns and Burton explains that he tried to stop the exhibit. Zero forgives Burton but says he wants to disappear again completely. Zero merges with his disfigured video image and, smoking a cigarette inside the video, sets off the fire alarm. The sprinklers destroy the video player and Zero vanishes. A major subplot involves George , a French teacher and former intimate of Zero\'s. George is losing his sight to cytomegalovirus and is taking a drug that is manufactured by a company that, as a member of ACT UP, George is protesting. George struggles through the film to resolve his conflicted feelings over this, his guilt over abandoning Zero during the final days of his illness and his fear that the same thing will happen to him.'] ["In the upper echelons of traditional Middle Eastern society, Palestinians Reema and Omar prepare for the marriage of their daughter Tala to Hani in Jordan. But back at work in London, Tala encounters Leyla, a young British Indian woman who is dating Tala's best friend Ali. Tala sees something unique in the artless, clumsy, sensitive Leyla who secretly works to become a writer. And Tala's forthright challenges to Leyla's beliefs begins a journey of self-awareness for Leyla. As the women fall in love, Tala's own sense of duty and cultural restraint cause her to pull away from Leyla and fly back to Jordan where the preparations for an ostentatious wedding are well under way. As family members descend and the wedding day approaches, the pressure mounts until Tala finally cracks and extricates herself. Back in London, Leyla is heartbroken but learns to break free of her own self-doubt and her mother's expectations, ditching Ali and being honest with her parents about her sexuality. When Ali and Leyla's feisty sister Yasim help throw Tala and Leyla together again, Tala finds that her own preconceptions of what love can be is the final hurdle she must jump to win Leyla back."] ["Urbania follows Charlie  through a sleepless night. After an unsuccessful bout of masturbation to the sound of his upstairs neighbors having sex, he prowls the streets looking for a man he saw several months earlier. The implication is that he's had a one night stand with the man, cheating on his boyfriend Chris . This is reinforced by several phone calls Charlie places, leaving messages on Chris' answering machine. As he's walking, he has momentary flashes akin to hallucinations or waking dreams: a man's mouth; a bottle breaking; a man with a blood-stained shirt. After a series of encounters , he meets the man he's looking for. His name is Dean  and it makes no sense either that he'd trick with Charlie or that Charlie would trick with him. Dean is unabashedly racist, sexist and homophobic. Nevertheless, Charlie, pretending to be straight, buys Dean drinks and smokes a joint with him. Dean takes Charlie to a gay cruising area looking for victims, but Charlie is able to warn away the intended target. Dean is now almost incapacitated by alcohol and drugs and Charlie gets him into Dean's car and drives him to a secluded marshy area. As had been implied by Charlie's flashbacks, Dean and two of his buddies, several months earlier, had attacked Charlie and raped and murdered Chris. Charlie's purpose is finally revealed: he wants revenge. In a dreamlike conversation with Chris, Charlie relates what happened at the marshland. He pulled a knife on Dean and told him why he was there. Dean didn't remember him. Charlie forced Dean to drop his pants and was disgusted to see Dean had an erection. Charlie forced Dean to kneel and fellate the knife blade. Suddenly, Dean collapsed with an epileptic seizure. Charlie slit his throat. Chris challenges Charlie, not believing that he killed Dean. Charlie admits that he wanted to but couldn't. Instead, he drove off in Dean's car, abandoning him in the marsh. Charlie stands up from where he's been kneeling, at a makeshift memorial near where Chris was killed. He walks home and has one more hallucinatory flash. He sees himself on the street, cradling a dying Chris. He kisses Chris goodbye and passes by him. When he turns back, Chris is gone. Charlie makes it home and, finally, is able to sleep. Charlie presents aspects of his story in the form of urban legends. The film references a number of urban legends, both by having characters describe them as they're depicted and by presenting random people experiencing them."] ["A colorful family from a small Texas town must come to grips with the accidental death of the elderly family matriarch during a clandestine meeting in a seedy motel room with her much younger, married neighbor. The woman's family must deal with their own demons while preparing for what could be an embarrassing funeral."] ["In Inniston, Marc Hall  is popular and his sexuality relatively well-accepted by his classmates and later his parents. But when he decides to take his boyfriend to the prom as his date, he finds he has stepped over the line straight into the fight of his young life and sends ripples though Canada's media. From just an ordinary teenager, he becomes an icon for LGBT rights across the nation when he discovers he is battling discrimination to date whoever he wants within the spotlight of the nation's media cast center on his struggle,"] ['Anna has been rejected by her college, her girlfriend broke up with her, and her big sister is getting married. She meets Sadie, who invites her to join Clits In Action, or CA, a radical Third-wave feminist group. Anna soon gets in touch with her political side.Review of "Itty Bitty Titty Committee" by Danielle Riendeau She takes part in illegal activism with the group and becomes more aggressive in her daily life. Anna starts falling for Sadie, who has been involved for years with an older woman named Courtney. Courtney works with a more mainstream feminist organization and disagrees with the CA\'s method of creating awareness through public art, which usually involves vandalism. The group travels to take part in a gay marriage protest - instead of being for or against it, they argue that marriage is the wrong goal, as it is an institution rooted in sexism. Despite being warned by another member of the CA, Meat, that Sadie uses people, Anna shares a night of passion with her while they stay in a hotel. At the rally the next day, the outspoken Shulamith ends up nearly coming to blows with a protester. The fight is caught by a local news crew and the group\'s message is misconstrued as violent and homophobic. Meat also reveals that their website - which they considered the center of their activism - has not received hits from anyone besides themselves. CA attempts to have a meeting at Courtney\'s home, but personal conflicts come to a head. Anna believes Sadie is going to leave Courtney to be with her, but Sadie remains dependent on her partner. Meat and Shulamith announce that they\'re giving up on the group, Sadie stays behind with Courtney, and Aggie  comforts Anna, who is heartbroken over Sadie\'s rejection and the loss of the CA. They end up partying together and having a one-night stand. In the morning, Aggie has prepared breakfast and procured a flower for Anna, who only considers him a friend. Sadie arrives to talk about what happened the night before. Anna tries to explain that her night with Aggie meant nothing. He overhears and is deeply hurt. Sadie leaves and Anna finds herself truly alone. In an attempt to fix things, Anna formulates a master plan to get CA national attention. Meat and Shulamith like her idea, but insist she must make things right with Aggie. Anna apologizes, Aggie forgives her, and the four carry out the plan, without Sadie. Anna attends her sister\'s wedding, bringing joy to her family, but leaves early to execute her part of the plan - sneaking into the studio of a popular talk show with Aggie and Meat. Courtney is appearing on the show to argue about the appropriateness of a celebration over the  anniversary of the construction of the Washington Monument, which she feels is a distraction from real issues. When the host requests a live shot of the monument, the CA feeds their footage in. With the expert help of one of Shulamith\'s lovers, Calvin , and Meat\'s prowess with sculpture, a giant phallus has been erected atop the Washington Monument and is blown off with explosives. Back at the studio, Anna pulls the fire alarm and the group escapes. In the getaway car waiting for Anna, she is surprised to see Sadie, who has finally broken it off with Courtney. Sadie apologizes for her behavior, and the two agree to just be friends, but then kiss. Through text in the epilogue, it is revealed that Shulamith and Calvin volunteered to take the fall for the explosion, and received a reduced sentence because no one was hurt. Aggie started hormone therapy, started a new feminist group for men and got a girlfriend. Meat\'s sculpture appearing on TV launched her art career. Courtney took the talk show host, Marcy, out to dinner after fleeing the building together. Marcy subsequently left her husband to move in with Courtney. Anna and Sadie remain together, and Anna now attends college, where she has created a group focused on positive body image called the Itty Bitty Titty Committee.'] ["Mike , a gay street hustler, is standing alone on a deserted stretch of highway somewhere in Idaho. He starts talking to himself and notices that the road looks “like someone’s face, like a messed-up face.” He experiences a narcoleptic episode and dreams of his mother comforting him as he replays home movies of his childhood in his mind. Later, after being fellated by a client in Seattle, Washington, Mike returns to his favorite spots to pick up potential clients. He is picked up by a wealthy older woman  who takes him to her mansion where he meets two fellow hustlers also hired by the woman. One of them is Scott Favor , Mike’s best friend and the other is Gary . While preparing to have sex with the woman, Mike experiences another narcoleptic fit and awakens the next day with Scott in Portland, Oregon. Mike and Scott are soon reunited with Bob Pigeon , a middle-aged man and mentor to a gang of street kids and hustlers who live in an abandoned apartment building. Scott, the son of the mayor of Portland, admits to Bob in private that when he turns 21, he will inherit his father’s fortune and retire from street hustling. Mike yearns to find his mother, and he and Scott leave Portland for Idaho to visit Mike’s older brother Richard , who lives in a run-down trailer. Along this journey Mike confesses that he is in love with Scott. Richard tries to tell Mike who his real father is, but Mike says that he knows it is Richard. Richard tells Mike that their mother works as a hotel maid; when Mike and Scott visit the hotel, they find she has gone to Italy in search of her own family. Mike and Scott travel to Italy where they find the country farmhouse where Mike’s mother worked, as a maid and as an English tutor. The young woman, Carmella , who lives there tells Mike that his mother returned to the United States months ago. Carmella and Scott fall in love and return to the U.S., leaving Mike to return home on his own, facing heartache over Scott's leaving him. Scott inherits his fortune. Back in Portland, Bob and his gang confront a newly reformed Scott at a fashionable restaurant, but he rejects them. That night Bob has a fatal heart attack. The next day the hustlers hold a rowdy funeral for Bob, while in the same cemetery, a few yards away, Scott attends a solemn funeral for his recently deceased father. Mike is back on a deserted stretch of Idaho highway. He falls into another narcoleptic stupor and two strangers pull up in a truck, steal Mike’s backpack and shoes and drive away. Moments later, an unidentified figure pulls up in a car, picks Mike up, places him in the vehicle and drives off."] ['Stéphanie, a transsexual prostitute  travels to a small town to care for her sick mother. She is joined by her two flatmates, an Algerian hustler and an AWOL Russian soldier. Both men fall in love with Stéphanie and she decides to have a relationship with them both.'] ['The film begins as a mini-documentary of New York City\'s 1973 Gay Pride parade and rally, with a young lesbian unabashedly declaring, "being gay is a very natural thing." The action cuts to the protagonist, David , going through the ritual of being released from his vocation as a monk in a monastery. He then is seen as a public school teacher of English Literature in the New York City area, who spends his time off driving into the city to be with his "oldest friend from Schenectady," Alan  at a gay bar. One evening at the bar, David is singled out to dance by Mark , who portrays a businessman. They end up spending the night together, which at first seems like a one-night stand until David says he\'d like to see Mark again, and Mark agrees. Not long after, the pair begin a monogamous relationship, and David moves in with Mark. But when Mark wants to have sex with other men, the relationship starts to break down. He rejects the idea of modeling a gay relationship on heterosexual marriage, and he is irritated that David wants to "keep pushing this romantic thing." Mark would rather have an understanding that either of them can have sex with other men when they feel like it, but this ends up alienating them from each other. Mark refuses to say, "I love you" until David playfully wrestles with him and tells him, "Say it...again...once more for good measure." After a year, though, David realizes that the two of them are just marking time. The two go to Fire Island for a weekend in an attempt to spice up their relationship, and although David tries to please Mark by entering an orgy, he can\'t go through with it. After a fight, David temporarily moves in with his friend Alan, who gives David an objective perspective on what happened. In a later encounter with Mark at Coney Island, David finally realizes that there can\'t be a reconciliation, as Mark is more interested in sex than a romantic relationship. After a season of loneliness, David meets a divorced photographer named Jason  at the 1973 Gay Pride rally which began the film. David and Jason go to Jason\'s apartment and talk. In Jason, a divorced dad, we meet another member of the gay community, one who was living a heterosexual life prior to coming out. He still socializes with his ex-wife, who goes with him on photo shoots. On a parental visit with their toddler son  Jason tells his ex-wife that he is now seeing someone with whom he would be spending the upcoming Labor Day holiday. It appears that in Jason, David has found someone willing to pursue a romantic, committed relationship with him. Jason takes pictures of David while telling him things to say other than "cheese\', and the film ends by showing the two men together splashing naked in the surf on Cape Cod.'] ['Fruit Fly is a musical comedy about Bethesda, a Filipina performance artist finding home in the unlikeliest places. She moves into an artist commune in an attempt to workshop her latest piece which deals with finding her biological parents. In the process, she finds an artistic family, clues of her mother’s whereabouts, and the startling possibility that she just might be a fag-hag. Subplots include her relationship with her roommates in the artist commune, and their relationships with each other.'] ['Anthony "Tick" Belrose , using the drag pseudonym of Mitzi Del Bra, is a Sydney-based drag queen who accepts an offer to perform his drag act at Lasseter\'s Hotel Casino Resort managed by a female friend named Marion  in Alice Springs, a remote town in central Australia. After persuading his friends and fellow performers, Bernadette Basinger , a recently bereaved transsexual woman, and Adam Whitely , a flamboyant and obnoxious younger drag queen who goes under the drag name Felicia Jollygoodfellow, to join him, the three set out in a large tour bus which Adam christens "Priscilla, Queen of the Desert" for a four-week run in the Australian Outback town. While on the long journey through remote lands bordering the Simpson Desert, they meet a variety of characters, including a group of friendly Australian Aborigines for whom they perform, and the less accepting attitudes of rural Australia in such towns as Coober Pedy, and are subjected to homophobic abuse and even violence, including having their tour bus vandalised with the words "AIDS fuckers go home." When the tour bus breaks down in the middle of the desert, the trio meet Bob ([[Bill Hunter , a middle-aged mechanic from a small outback town who joins them on their journey. Before they arrive at Alice Springs, Tick reveals that Marion is actually his wife, as they never divorced, and that they are in fact going there as a favour to her. Continuing their journey, Adam is almost mutilated by a homophobic gang before he is saved by Bob and Bernadette. Adam is shaken and Bernadette comforts him, allowing them to reach an understanding. Likewise, the others come to terms with the secret of Tick\'s marriage and resolve their differences. Together, they fulfill a long-held dream of Adam\'s which is to climb Kings Canyon in full drag regalia. Upon arrival at the hotel, it is revealed that Tick and Marion also have an eight-year-old son, Benjamin , whom Tick has not seen for many years. Tick is nervous about exposing his son to his drag profession and anxious about revealing his homosexuality, though he is surprised to discover that Benjamin already knows and is fully supportive of his father\'s sexuality and career. By the time their four-week stint at the resort is over, Tick and Adam head back to Sydney, taking Benjamin back with them so that Tick can get to know his son and Marion can have a long-earned break. However, Bernadette decides to remain at the resort for a while with Bob, who has decided to work at the hotel after the two of them become close.'] ['Chris Cahill is a young athlete who competes unsuccessfully in the 1976 U.S. Olympic trials. She meets a more experienced track and field competitor, Tory Skinner, and their friendship evolves into a romantic relationship. Tory gives tips to Chris on how to improve as she trains for a shot at the 1980 Olympic team in the pentathlon, but their coach, Terry Tinghoff, insists on being the only one whose advice Chris follows. Anger and jealousy develop, more so when Chris begins a heterosexual relationship with Denny Stites, a swimmer.'] ['Paul Prentice  and Karl Foyle  were close friends during their prep school days. Paul used to defend Karl from the violent attacks of their classmates, who ridiculed Karl for being effeminate. Some years later they are reunited literally by accident, when Paul, on the motorcycle he drives as a courier, runs into the cab that Karl  is riding in. Paul is initially surprised to discover that Karl has become Kim, but asks her out to get re-acquainted. Their first date goes badly and Kim assumes that it\'s because Paul is nervous about being seen in public with her. Paul brings her flowers at her workplace  and they go out again. This date works out better and they end up back at Paul\'s place listening to music. The two continue to spend time together, with Prentice teaching Kim how to ride a motorcycle. Their next dinner date, at Kim\'s place, is disastrous. Paul, struggling to understand transgender issues, drinks too much and ends up in the courtyard outside Kim\'s apartment, exposing his penis and ranting. The police arrive and arrest him for indecent exposure. Kim places a hand on one of the officers and he arrests her for "interfering" with an officer. In the police van, one of the officers makes crude remarks about Kim and places his hand under her skirt. Prentice intervenes and is beaten by the officer. At the police station, Paul is charged with assaulting the officer. Kim, his only witness, is terrified of being in trouble and intimidated by the police into keeping silent. She flees to her sister\'s home. At Paul\'s trial on the assault charges, Kim is able to gather her courage and testify for Paul. While he is still convicted, he receives only a token fine. A reporter at the courthouse tries to buy Kim and Prentice\'s story but they refuse. They return to Kim\'s place, where Paul is surprised and delighted to discover that he and Kim are sexually as well as emotionally compatible; they make love. Paul, desperate for money following the repossession of his motorcycle, sells Kim\'s and his story to a London tabloid. With the story splashed all over the papers, Kim thinks she\'s going to be sacked from the greeting card company. Instead, her boss stands behind her. As the film draws to a close, it\'s revealed that Kim and Paul are living together and that it was Kim\'s idea for Paul to sell the story.'] ['Before Night Falls is based on the autobiography of the same name by Cuban poet and novelist Reinaldo Arenas. In the film, Arenas, who was openly gay, is born in Oriente in 1943 and raised by his single mother and her parents, who soon move the entire family to Holguín. After moving to Havana in the sixties to continue his studies, Reinaldo begins to explore his ambitions, as well as his sexuality. After receiving an honorary mention in a writing contest, Arenas is offered the chance to publish his first work. Through his work and friendships with other openly gay men , Arenas manages to find himself. The political climate in Cuba becomes increasingly dangerous, and in the early seventies Arenas is arrested for allegedly sexually assaulting minors, and for publishing abroad without official consent. In the next decade, Arenas is in and out of prison, attempting and failing to leave the country several times. In 1980, Arenas finally leaves Cuba for the US, starting a new life with his close friend and lover Lazaro Gomez Carriles. A few years later, Arenas is diagnosed with AIDS, and after spending several years suffering he dies in 1990 with the help of Lazaro.'] ['The action centres on several themes firstly a homosexual murder investigation involving one of the central characters  and his relationship with his girlfriend . The second narrative involves a gay punk  and a soul boy  in a relationship, which is the source of the narrative conflict as they face double prejudice of racism and homophobia, in both West Indian and white British communities. Ultimately, The film is a love story that could be seen as an allegory for racial and class unity, as their love transcends class and race barriers.'] ['David  is a well-known artist who is blocked. He decides to take a job as a waiter to try to find inspiration. His friend and roommate Shannon , a pre-op male-to-female transsexual, stumbles across the Main St. Diner, owned by Matt  and Violet , who are looking for a waiter. David gets hired and quickly becomes close with the couple although they don\'t know of his standing in the art community and are surprised to learn that he\'s gay. David\'s friend Kryla , a columnist for the Winnipeg Tribune, tracks David down at the diner against his wishes. An annoyed David demands that she write up the diner in her column, which she does. The diner\'s business picks up considerably. Shannon, whose sex reassignment surgery has been repeatedly delayed because of her HIV-positive status, begins to become ill. David has a painting installed and Kryla gets his photo in the paper. Matt and Violet see the photo and realize that he\'s famous. David and Matt start hanging out. Matt, who had tried his hand at drawing comic books, pesters David to show him his paintings but David resists. Matt confesses that he had once fallen in love with another man in college although he hadn\'t acted on it. David, finding himself drawn to Matt, paints him nude . He tells Matt that there\'s a painting he needs to see. Matt comes to David\'s place and sees the painting. He becomes aroused and the two begin an affair. David paints two more portraits of Matt, who still doesn\'t actually pose. Kryla and Shannon hail them as his best work and entreat him to exhibit them but Matt, nervous about how Violet would react, makes him promise not to. Each also tells the other that he loves him. They keep the relationship secret, though, especially in the face of the vehement disapproval Kryla expresses to David at the idea of his sleeping with a married man. Kryla soon discovers the affair when she walks in on David and Matt having sex. A panicked Matt tells David that he lied about loving him and flees. In the aftermath of the affair, Shannon convinces David to break his promise and exhibit the paintings. He does so under the title "Straightman." When Matt learns of the show he confronts David, first threatening to destroy the paintings and then offering himself again sexually. David contemptuously dismisses him. Matt tells Violet about the paintings and about the affair and admits that he is in love with David. She demands a divorce. Shannon, who has grown progressively more ill, decides to take her life. As she dies, David runs into Kryla at a bar and they have a bitter fight. Violet attends the opening but merely tells David that the paintings are very good. As she\'s leaving Matt arrives and she refuses to give him another chance. After the opening Matt again approaches David who also rebuffs him. At film\'s end, Violet sells the Main St. Diner and Matt has left town. David has also decided to leave. He and Kryla reconcile.'] ['The film starts with Monti Ward , a male prostitute, dead in a jacuzzi. Then in a voice over, Monti describes the circumstances that led to his fate. Jürgen Anger , a writer from Europe, is in California researching a book on gay prostitution and pornographic scene in Hollywood. While touring on the Santa Monica Boulevard, he meets Monti hustling on the street and develops a crush on him. Throughout the movie we discover various facets of Monti, including committing a hit and run, crippling a fellow hustler named Eigil . Jürgen unsuccessfully follows the devastatingly handsome rent-boy. As Jurgen continues his pursuit of the young man, the film follows Monti through his typical routine of various sordid and bizarre encounters with hustlers, johns and pornographers.'] ['Dark Smith  is an alienated, 18-year-old man struggling with daily life, fluctuating romantic status with his bisexual, polyamorous girlfriend Mel  and conflicting feelings for a shy gay classmate, Montgomery . The day starts off normally enough with Dark meeting up with his friends which include the intelligent Dingbat , Montgomery, Mel and her purple-haired, acid-tongued lesbian lover Lucifer  for breakfast at their local coffeehouse hangout, The Hole. Various mentions of a party at Jujyfruit\'s along with plans for a drug-fueled game of kick the can are made and the film segues into portions of the goings-on of the lives of the other characters in the film. As all of these plot lines develop, the story progresses towards the oft-mentioned party at Jujyfruit\'s house. A bacchanalian orgy of excess, drinking and drugs. Here the film descends from the innocuous and normal beginning with natural lighting and balanced visuals to very sureal, sharply contrasted and/or colored lighting, and seemingly hallucinatory visions and surrealistic visuals and events as well as chaotic and improbable happenings and reaches a chaotic finale where some of the issues come to a head. Dark and Mel argue about her desire to have an open relationship and Dark\'s desire for commitment. Zero and Zoe are ambushed by the Atari Gang on their way to Jujyfruit\'s house and their car, belonging to Zero\'s mother, is stolen while they are left helpless on the side of the road. Egg and Bart, separately watching the same televangelist , both decide the world is too messed up to live in and they commit suicide to reach heaven. Ducky receives word of his sister\'s death and attempts to drown himself in a swimming pool, but is saved by Dark and Dingbat. Bart\'s drug dealer Handjob is beaten to death by Elvis for selling them cut drugs, and Dark, covered in blood from his proximity to it, returns home, where Montgomery, who claims that he escaped from aliens that had abducted him during the game of kick the can, comes to Dark\'s window and asks if he can come in. The pair discuss their mutual attraction for one another and Montgomery asks Dark if he can spend the night. Dark agrees but makes Montgomery promise he will never leave him. They are seen in a momentary loving embrace before Montgomery begins uncontrollably coughing. As Dark shakes him to try to get him to stop, Montgomery explodes in a shower of flesh and blood and a cockroach-like alien who had apparently been using him as a host, turns to Dark and says, "I\'m outta here," before crawling out the window, leaving Dark covered in blood and staring at the camera while the credits begin to roll.'] ['The film follows the story of Jamie, a struggling butch lesbian actress who gets cast as a man in a film. The main plot is a romantic comedy between Jamie\'s male alter-ego, "Male Jamie," and Jill, a heterosexual woman on set. The film\'s subplots include Jamie\'s bisexual roommate Lola and her cat actor Howard, Lola\'s abrasive butch German girlfriend Andi, and Jamie\'s gay Asian friend David.<ref name67&id=15594 GayWired.com - Outfest Days Eight & Nine]'] ["Sydney , age 24, is a woman who has her whole life mapped out in front of her. Living with longtime boyfriend James, and working her way up at the respected high-art photography magazine Frame, Syd has desires and frustrations that seem typical and manageable. But when a crack in her ceiling springs a leak and Syd finds herself knocking on the door of her upstairs neighbor, a chance meeting suddenly takes her on a new path. Opening the door to an uncharted world for Syd is Lucy Berliner, a renowned photographer, enchanting, elusive, and curiously retired. Now 40, Lucy lives with her once glamorous, heroin-addicted German girlfriend Greta, and plays host to a collection of hard-living party kids. Before Syd's caught her breath, she's caught Lucy's fascination and is drawn into the center of Lucy's strangely alluring life upstairs. Syd mentions Lucy to her bosses  but they remain uninterested until they realise exactly who Lucy is. At a lunch, Lucy agrees to work for the magazine as long as Syd is her editor. Soon a working relationship develops between the two and a project is underway which promises a second chance for Lucy's career. But as Syd and Lucy's collaboration draws them closer together, their working relationship turns sexual and the lines between love and professionalism suddenly blur. As Syd slowly discovers the darker truths of Lucy's life on the edge, she is forced to confront her own hunger for recognition and the uncertain rewards of public esteem."] ["Harry went to Manila with his friend James to exact vengeance on his abusive father who used to pimp him and killed his mother. He ended up working as a Macho dancer in a gay club and became involved with a gay writer and a hooker. When he set out to look for his father to avenge his mother's death, he found him dying of AIDS in a shack in squatter's area and told him that his mother was alive after all. He looked for his mother and got reunited with her who taught him to forgive his father. His father eventually dies."] ['Candy Rain is a romantic drama which combines four intimate, lyrical tales exploring the range of women loving women in contemporary Taiwan. In the first episode, a young girl escapes a broken love for the uncertainties of friendship  in Taipei. In the second, another girl, seeking her ideal, finds herself involved with a wealthy woman instead. Yet another story follows a heroine trying to find a balance between marriage and separation from her true love. The final story takes us into a dynamic and difficult foursome anchored by singer-actress Karena Lam. A rich, bittersweet spectrum of love and loss, based on true stories.'] ["The story follows relationship between Walt , a gay store clerk, and two younger Mexican boys, Johnny  and Roberto Pepper . Walt and his female friend  convince them to come over for dinner, but Johnny and Pepper have to return to their cheap hotel because another friend is locked out. Walt makes his first pass at Johnny by offering him $15 to sleep with him. Johnny refuses and runs to his hotel room, leaving Pepper locked out with nowhere to spend the night but Walt's. Settling for second best, Walt lies down next to Pepper and allows him on top for sex. However, he does not give up on trying to win over Johnny. The film progresses from there into not always clearly defined relationships, unbalanced by age, language, race, sexuality, and money."] ["Naive countryman Chou T'ien-Tsai goes to Taipei to meet an internet friend face-to-face. Being a romantic, and believing in 'true love' , he is sorely disappointed when his friend suggests they have sex with no love. T'ien instead goes to a bar and runs into his ex-classmate Yu and in the process meets the 'Number One Playboy' Bai Tie Nan, who is notorious for one night stands. T'ien very quickly develops a liking towards Bai. After the night at the bar and becoming roommates with Yu, T'ien gets a job as a pool attendant and has several run-ins with Bai, who seems to like T'ien mutually. Scenes with Bai and his psychologist show that Bai has a problem kissing people. After being advised to practice kissing a mirror and then a dummy, both of which fail to help him, he tries to kiss his longtime friend, but can't bring himself to do it. One night, T'ien shows up at Bai's doorstep and they end up having sex consensually. True to his nature, Bai disappears the next day, leaving his friend to turn up at his house and explain to T-ien that 'he hopes you don't misunderstand'. T'ien, hurt and unknowing of the entire story behind Bai's intimacy issues, leaves a message saying that 'this kind of misunderstanding won't happen again'. T'ien prepares to leave his roommate's dwelling and return to his own home. In the meantime, T'ien's friends corner Bai. They asked Bai to tell them the truth Bai is very resistant to tell the story, so his best friend decides to share instead. As a young boy, Bai was told by a fortune teller that he is cursed and that anything that he loves will be doomed. A lifetime of self-fulfilling this prophecy is what led Bai to become a serial one-night stander and lose his ability to love. Falling in love with T'ien caught Bai off guard and, as a result, they both suffered. After a silent prayer for a second chance, he sees T'ien heading up an escalator. His first attempt to apologize fails, and T'ien literally runs away. He nearly gets run down by a scooter, but Bai saves him and they make up. The ending credits include a short segment on the three supporting cast members and their somewhat stereotyped views upon gay fashion. The film was the highest grossing fiction film in Taiwan in 2004."] ['Skin & Bone is an episodic account of three Los Angeles-area hustlers, Harry, Billy and Dean, and Ghislaine, their pimp. Ghislaine  constantly drives the streets of Los Angeles arranging client appointments. She relies on Harry , the most experienced member of her stable, to train new recruits, including Billy  and Dean . Harry services both male and female clients and always acts as a top; many male clients hire him to beat them. He fantasizes about a woman  he once knew. He has convinced himself that he is not a prostitute but an "actor" providing "fantasies." In his unsuccessful pursuit of an acting career, Harry goes on a casting call for a cop movie. The casting director asks if he will do nudity, implying a casting couch scenario. Harry says he\'s an artist and loses the role. Billy, though experienced, is still somewhat goofy and absent-minded. He sometimes helps Harry with scenes and Harry tries to convince him too that he is an actor and not a prostitute. On several occasions, Billy picks up men only to discover that the man is not actually his client. In one case he and the man fall in love and they plan to get Billy out of the business and start a life together. Shortly thereafter, Billy mistakes a man  for a client in a public restroom and that man stabs him to death. Dean is Ghislaine\'s most recent recruit. While training him, Harry again tries to impart the notion that their job is just acting. Following his training and first successful trick , Dean is humiliated when two women force him to start and stop masturbating seemingly at random. Dean then performs as a "nude cleaner" for a client. He learns that the client is an ex-Marine who was paralyzed in combat and still longs for the boy with whom he fell in love, who was killed. The client is still able to achieve an erection and Dean has sex with him. Harry is at an appointment with a regular, a uniform fetishist called "The General" . Usually Harry beats him, but unknown to Harry, the client has arranged for something different with Ghislaine. After showing Harry a picture of himself in which he closely resembles Harry, the General orders Harry to strip. When Harry hesitates, the General attacks him from behind, binds his hands with tape and rapes him. Harry asks his acting agent to set up an "interview" with another casting director. He lets the man fuck him. Later at Dean\'s place, Harry finds Dean sitting alone burning himself with a cigarette. Dean tells Harry he ran away from home after his father had him arrested at age 14 for stealing a candy bar. Dean was put in a cell with several men who took turns raping him. After allowing himself to be used by the casting director, Harry gets a small role as a cop in the film for which he had previously been rejected. On-set he impresses the producers and they offer him a part in a TV series. Ghislaine sends Harry to the local morgue with $2,500 to bribe an attendant . Harry sees Billy\'s body and realizes that Ghislaine is acquiring it for a client. He confronts Ghislaine, accusing her of arranging Billy\'s murder, and tells her he wants to quit and take Dean with him. Ghislaine agrees, if Harry and Dean perform one final scene. The scene is a cop/prisoner scenario which begins with the cop beating the prisoner then the prisoner overpowering the cop, binding and beating and finally shooting him. Harry plays the cop and Dean the prisoner. Bound and gagged, Harry sees Ghislaine switching his gun  for another gun, but fails to convey the danger to Dean. As Ghislaine and the client watch and the client tapes the scene, Dean pulls the trigger and kills Harry. Harry meets "Lovely Girl," who asks him how he feels being dead. Six months later, Dean is living on the streets. Ghislaine finds him and convinces him to return to work.'] ['Teenage lovers Jordan White  and Amy Blue  pick up a handsome drifter named Xavier Red  while driving home from a club. Jordan gives Xavier the nickname "X". A late-night stop at a convenience store leaves the three on the run when X accidentally kills the store\'s owner . The trio hides in a motel to avoid arrest. While Jordan and Amy have sex in the bath tub, X learns from the local television news program that the store owner\'s wife  disemboweled her children with a machete before committing suicide, thus, he concludes, removing any possibility of the trio being caught by the police. Later that evening, Amy has sex with X, even though they do not get along. Eventually Jordan finds out, and things become tense as the two men develop a lingering sexual attraction for one another. As the trio journeys across small-town USA, they continue to get into violent situations due to people either claiming to be Amy\'s previous lovers or mistaking her for such. The FBI has a meeting and declares it will find Amy and kill her . She is mistakenly identified by a fast food window clerk as "Sunshine" and later by a character played by Parker Posey as "Kitten". Jordan, Amy and X spend the night in an abandoned barn, where they engage in a threesome. While Amy goes to urinate, Jordan and X are attacked by a trio of neo-Nazis, one of whom had previously mistaken Amy for his ex-girlfriend "Bambi". The gang proceeds to beat up X and then hold Jordan down as the aforementioned neo-Nazi ties up and rapes Amy on top of an American flag. The group finally severs Jordan\'s penis with pruning shears and forces it into his mouth. After Amy breaks free, she kills the neo-Nazis with the shears and escapes with X, leaving Jordan for dead. The film ends with Amy and X driving aimlessly on the road. X is eating Doritos and offers Amy some, but receives no response. Amy simply smokes a cigarette and continues driving as the film fades to the end credits.'] ['Abandoned by his American lover, a poor, gay teenager from the mountains is forced to support himself and his family by entering into the underground urban world of male strippers, prostitution, illegal drugs, sexual exploitation and slavery, as well police oppression, corruption and murder. His only real friend is a successful selal bahagia'] [' A 50-year-old business man Léopold  arrives home with 20-year-old Franz , whom he has just met. Franz is not quite sure why he agreed to come home with Léopold as he is supposed to be meeting his fiancée Anna, but he accepts drinks from Léopold and they begin to get to know each other. Franz tells Léopold that he is not sure whether or not he loves Anna, that he does not really enjoy sex with her, finding more pleasure in books, theatre and life in general. Léopold asks him if he has ever slept with a man. Franz says he has not, but describes a dream where a man comes into his bedroom in an overcoat and has sex with him. Léopold says that although he once lived with a woman for seven years, he has always found sex with men more exciting. They kiss, and Léopold tells Franz to get undressed and into bed. He then appears beside the bed in an overcoat ready to re-enact Franz\'s dream.  Six months later, Franz is living happily with Léopold. He stays at home while Léopold goes on business trips. When Léopold returns, Franz tends to his every need and has become very passive. Léopold has become very domineering. The two men spend a great deal of time arguing and Franz worries about Léopold leaving him, but they still have a satisfying physical relationship. One night, a melancholy Léopold confesses that he believes he has driven one of his customers to commit suicide. Franz, unsure how to comfort Léopold, seduces him, and they perform the role-play from their first night together, this time with roles reversed.  Franz and Léopold are still enjoying sex together but the animosity between them is growing. Franz threatens to leave, but does not go through with it. When Léopold is away on business, Franz is bored and depressed. He finds a gun and imagines shooting himself. One day his ex-fiancée Anna  visits. She sees how unhappy he is and tells him that she still loves him and wants to be with him. They kiss, and Franz acts out the "man in overcoat" sequence with her.  Franz and Anna have been sleeping together in Léopold\'s apartment for two days. She has convinced him to leave and happily talks about the children they will have together. Although he still loves Léopold, Franz agrees that he should leave. Léopold returns from work early and finds them packing. When Anna tells him that Franz is leaving, Léopold just laughs and tells Franz to get them some coffee. Léopold\'s ex-girlfriend Véra  arrives and Léopold introduces her, explaining that she is a male-to-female transsexual. Véra is still in love with Léopold. He then tells them that Véra used to like being tied up, and that Franz likes it too. Franz, angry at being humiliated by the older man, says they are leaving, but Anna wants to stay. Léopold wants them all to have fun together. Léopold starts ordering the two women about. They are excited and start getting him whatever he wants. Franz is disgusted. Léopold tells him that although he does not need Franz, Franz needs him. When Léopold and the women go to the bedroom. Franz goes to join them but changes his mind. He fantasises about murdering Léopold. In the bedroom, Véra realises that the others do not need her and leaves them to it. She finds Franz lying on the floor crying. She tells him that she is Léopold\'s "creature", that after he stopped desiring her, she had a sex change operation for him. This worked for a while but Léopold eventually left Véra. Franz tells her that she is still beautiful and despite the fact that they both love Léopold, she suggests that they get together. Franz tells her that it is too late. He has taken some poison and is dying. He says that he is Léopold\'s creature too. Franz dies. When Véra tells Léopold, he seems unconcerned. Anna is shocked and upset to lose the father of her future children, but when Léopold tells her to get back into bed, she does. Léopold asks Véra to join them in bed, telling her that although he does not need her, she needs him.'] ["All Over the Guy is about Eli  and Tom . The film is told mostly in flashback, with Eli recounting his side to Esther , an HIV clinic worker as he waits for test results and Tom to a guy he meets at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting. Tom is the adult child of emotionally distant alcoholic WASP parents who never quite accepted his sexual orientation. Eli's parents are both Jewish psychiatrists who raised him to be emotionally open but ended up making him neurotic. Tom and Eli are set up on a blind date by their best friends, Jackie  and Brett , who think they would be a perfect match. They're both looking for 'The One', but don't recognize it when they find it. On the date, a boring evening is broken up only by an amusing diatribe by Tom against the movie In & Out. A few days later they run into each other at a flea market and hit it off, winding up back at Eli's place where Tom spends the night. The next morning Tom says that it was a mistake. Jackie and Brett decide to try again to set them up, and the two men start to develop a relationship. Tom's fear of becoming emotionally close coupled with Eli's own insecurities makes it difficult for them to maintain, but Jackie and Brett get engaged which forces Tom and Eli together. They disguise their unease behind petty arguments over meaningless details of grammar and pronunciation but are finally able to push past the pettiness and make love. Eli tells Tom he loves him and Tom, terrified, lashes out at him the next day and drives him away. The flashbacks end here on the day of Brett and Jackie's wedding. Esther tries to teach Eli to be more understanding of Tom's emotional needs. The AA member tries to sexually assault Tom, and when he tells Jackie she upbraids him for throwing Eli away for daring to fall for him. At the reception, Eli and Tom come to realize that they have to overcome their families' dysfunction and their own fears."] ["Lou falls in love with her best friend Sassafras who doesn't know. In order to bring their careers as performance artists forward they move to San Francisco where they get into the BDSM scene. Soon they start a princess/daddy role-play: Lou plays out a Sea Captain Daddy role and Sass takes on a brat princess."] ["April's Shower begins with a group of people gathered for a wedding shower for April. At first, it seems to be a normal gathering for such an occasion but, as time goes on, secrets and stories begin to be revealed. Alex  is a chef and a maid of honor at April's wedding. She ultimately reveals her true feelings which ends up taking an effect on everybody at the shower."] ["Tom  and Dan  meet in a bar and then proceed to Tom's apartment together. While there, Dan realizes that he had been in that same apartment before. Five years earlier, Dan and Tom had a one night stand there. According to Tom, that encounter with Dan was his first and only homosexual experience. Some years later, Tom's wife is found to be HIV positive. Despondent after receiving this diagnosis from her doctor, Tom's wife drives through a red traffic light and is killed in an ensuing collision. Subsequent to these events, medical tests reveal that Tom is also HIV positive. Tom blames himself for passing HIV on to his wife and, in turn, he blames Dan for passing the virus on to him. Reasoning that Dan, ultimately, is to blame for his wife's death, Tom devises a plan to exact revenge. He holds Dan hostage, keeping him bound and gagged to a chair in his apartment. He draws blood from Dan in order to conduct a test to determine Dan's HIV status. If Dan's test results are positive for HIV, Tom vows to kill Dan. If the results are negative, Tom agrees to release Dan unharmed. In the end, Tom returns to the apartment and lets Dan go. As Dan is leaving, Tom asks him when he had last been tested. A few moments later, he reveals that Dan's test was, in fact, positive. He decided to let Dan go because he realized that his positive status was the result of his choices which he couldn't blame on anyone else. The screen fades with Dan standing in Tom's doorway, in shock, and Tom resigned to his fate."] ["{{plot|dateContinuity This film continues the subplot that explores Strachey's past in the armed services, started in Third Man Out."] ["Marcos comes to Madrid to live with his aunt and uncle and work in their restaurant. He dreams of opening a restaurant of his own one day and of finding love. Love he finds in Daniel, a struggling young actor. The two quickly fall into a torrid relationship and Marcos moves in with Daniel. Their love is symbolized by a poster of Boy George that Marcos gives to Daniel, to commemorate where they first kissed . One night the couple is at a karaoke bar and, while they sing a duet, Marcos is injured by a falling disco ball. When he awakens the next day, he is no longer in love with Daniel and has even seemingly become straight. Although he tries for a short time to maintain a relationship with Daniel, eventually he moves back in with his family. He meets Marisol, a Dominican immigrant, and they fall in love. Desperate to win Marcos back, Daniel hatches a crazy scheme. He'll dress as a woman and win Marcos away from Marisol. His plan, inevitably, backfires and Daniel is humiliated. The film ends several years in the future. Marcos and Daniel run into each other at an airport and catch up. Marcos has opened his own restaurant and he and Marisol are married with several children. Daniel has become a movie star and has also gotten a happy romantic ending, pointing out his new love - Boy George ."] ['Pablo is a struggling poet who is living with HIV in Buenos Aires. Over the course of a year he deals with issues relating to his health, his family, his search for love and his developing involvement with leather fetishism. The year culminates with the publication of his diary in the form of a novel, Un Año sin amor.'] ['A Jewish doctor, Daniel Hirsh  and a young woman, Alex Greville  are both involved in a love triangle with contemporary sculptor Bob Elkin . Not only are Hirsh and Greville aware that Elkin is seeing the other but they know one another through mutual friends. Despite this, they are willing to put up with the situation through fear of losing Elkin, who switches freely between them. For Greville, the relationship is bound up with a growing disillusionment about her life, failed marriage and uneasy childhood. For Hirsh, it represents an escape from the repressed nature of his Jewish upbringing. Both realise the lack of permanence about their situation and it is only when Elkin decides to leave the country that they both come face to face . Despite their opposed situations, both come to realize that it is time to move on.'] ["Reena is a young Indian American lesbian who lives and works in New York. Her sister Sarita, who is happily married, discovers that she is infertile. Reena offers to be a surrogate mother for her sister's baby, hoping to improve her relationship with their mother, who disapproves of Reena's sexual orientation. Sarita and her husband accept Reena's offer but Sarita begins to have second thoughts. After Reena becomes pregnant, her relationship with her girlfriend Lisa suffers. When the baby is born, Reena and Lisa are reunited, as are Reena's family.{{cite book}}"] ['The older Paul Verlaine meets the dead Arthur Rimbaud\'s sister, Isabelle, in a café in Paris. Isabelle and her mother want Verlaine to hand over any copies he may still have of Rimbaud\'s poems so that they can burn them; they fear the lewdness of his writings. Verlaine reflects on the wild relationship he had had with Rimbaud, beginning when the teenaged Rimbaud had sent his poetry to Verlaine from his home in the provinces in 1871. Verlaine, instantly fascinated, impulsively invites him to his rich father-in-law\'s home in Paris, where he lives with his young, pregnant wife. The wild, eccentric Rimbaud displays no sense of manners or decency whatever, scandalising Verlaine\'s pretentious, bourgeois in-laws. Verlaine is seduced by the 16-year-old Rimbaud\'s physical body as well as by the unique originality of his mind. The staid respectability of married, heterosexual life and easy, middle class surroundings had been stifling Verlaine\'s admittedly sybaritic literary talent. His taking up with Rimbaud is as much a rebellion and a liberation as it is a giving in to self-indulgence and masochism. Rimbaud acts as sadistically to Verlaine as does Verlaine to his young wife, whom he eventually deserts. A violent, itinerant relationship ensues between the two poets, the sad climax of which arrives in Brussels when a drunken and enraged Verlaine shoots and wounds Rimbaud and is sentenced to prison for sodomy and attempted murder. In prison, Verlaine converts to Christianity, to his erstwhile lover\'s disgust. Upon release he meets Rimbaud in Germany, vainly and mistakenly seeking to revive the relationship. The two men part, however, never to meet again. Bitterly renouncing literature in any form, Rimbaud travels the world alone, finally settling in Abyssinia  to run a "trading post". There he has a mistress and possibly a young boy-lover. A tumor in his right knee forces him back to France where his leg is amputated. Nevertheless, the cancer spreads and he dies at the age of 37. When he dies, the image of one of his most famous poems, Le Dormeur du val, appears. During her conversation with Verlaine, Isabelle Rimbaud asserts that her brother had accepted confession from a priest right before he died, showing Christian penitence, which is why only the censored versions of his poetry should survive. Verlaine pretends to agree but tears up her card after she leaves. Later, Verlaine, drinking absinthe , sees a vision of the sixteen-year-old Rimbaud, returned from some transcendent realm to express the love and respect Verlaine has thus posthumously earned. The film ends with the young Rimbaud walking alone on a mountain range, Verlaine proclaiming that they were both happy together, and Rimbaud claiming to have finally found eternity.'] ['The movie, set in Bangor, Maine, is based on some of Verow\'s experiences in Maine. Joe , 18 year old high school senior lives with his single mother and his older sister Teresa , who works in a convenience store. They live in a notorious estate called the "Capehart Projects". Joe dreams of moving away from town for attending an arts school. Joe is attracted to men and has a crush on his friend Andrew , a football player in his high school. Upon the encouragement of Joe\'s friend Kris  and Andrew\'s friend Mandy , they explore their mutual attraction for each other and fall further in love. Kris and Mandy also experiment sex together. During one of his first sexual encounters with Andrew, Joe also admits to Andrew having been gang-raped by three older men, after witnessing his older friend Tim being raped by the same men at the warehouse he works in. Meanwhile Joe is determined to leave town to pursue arts and design studies at a college in Rhode Island, particularly after his sister leaves to Los Angeles having robbed the convenience store she has been working in for years to arrange for her airline ticket. Joe has a fling with the French language teacher in a bathroom and then blackmails him to get good grades, and to get the crucial recommendation he needs, as his passport to arts school. Joe also befriends an elderly disabled artist named Victor  who hires him as a model and a house boy. Joe actually moves in with Victor in his loft above the local opera house. For securing his services and occasional sexual favors, Victor provides Joe with recommendation and help to be accepted to an arts school, and decides to commit suicide with an overdose of drugs leaving all his money and possessions to Joe to fulfill his dreams. Andrew sinks into further trouble, theft and heavy drinking, while he\'s trying to reconcile with his own sexuality and what he wants to do with the rest of his life, and how can he keep Joe who is determined to go away. During their escapades to nearby Styxx gay venue, Joe happens to recognize his childhood friend Tim , now a gay man, but Tim shoves him off. Joe also recognizes one of his tormenters at the club and decides to get even with the help of Andrew, but insisting beforehand to make him realize that he was the boy the man had raped. The film ends with Joe and Andrew contemplating on what they need to do with their lives.'] ['One week before her vaginoplasty, Sabrina \'Bree\' Osbourne  receives a phone call from Toby Wilkins , a 17-year-old jailed in New York City. He asks for Stanley Schupak , claiming to be his son. Bree was previously unaware she had a son; she now wants to break with her past and renounce him. However, Bree\'s therapist  refuses permission for her operation if she does not face up to her past. Bree flies from Los Angeles to New York to bail Toby out of jail. Toby is a small-time drug user and male hustler. His mother committed suicide, after which he was raised by his stepfather, whom he does not want to see again. Bree pretends to be a Christian missionary and persuades Toby to ride with her back to the West Coast, secretly planning to leave him at his stepfather\'s along the way. When they arrive in the fictional town of Callicoon, Kentucky{{cite web}} it turns out that Toby\'s stepfather molested him as a child, and so this plan fails. Toby and Bree continue to Los Angeles together. They also stop by a house where a group of transsexuals are hosting a gender pride gathering. During the trip when Bree has to urinate, Toby accidentally discovers that Bree is transsexual. He is open-minded about it, but is angry that Bree had not told him. After their car and money are stolen by a "peyote shaman" hitchhiker , Toby makes some money by prostituting himself to a truck driver. To Bree he pretends that he got the money from selling some drugs he had taken along for his own use. They get a ride with a kindly rancher Calvin Many Goats ([[Graham Greene  to Bree\'s parents\' house in Phoenix, Arizona. Here they find her conservative and self-centred mother Elizabeth , her Jewish father Murray , and her rebellious and sarcastic sister Sydney . Elizabeth disapproves of Bree\'s transsexuality , but is excited to find out she has a grandson. She is kind to Toby and invites him to stay and live with them. Toby likes the luxury and kindness, but hesitates because he doesn\'t like how disrespectful they are to Bree. Realizing he has feelings for Bree, he proposes to have sex with her, saying that he will marry her if she wants. Bree realizes she must tell Toby the truth, that she was his real father. Toby is angry that Bree had not disclosed this earlier. Overnight he steals money from the house and disappears. Bree returns to L.A. She has a completely successful surgery, but isn\'t happy because she feels she messed up with Toby. The therapist visits her in recovery and Bree cries on her shoulder. Some months later Toby has bleached his hair and become an actor in gay pornography films in L.A. Bree is vibrant, happy, and enjoying her job as a waitress at the restaurant where she was formerly washing-up. The film ends with Toby showing up at Bree\'s door, and the two reconciled.'] ["A loner gunman named Maek is assigned to kidnap a police informant named Iht, but Maek has a change of heart when he takes Iht to the 'hit house'. Maek is ordered to kill Iht, but because he only kills scum and has discovered that Iht isn't bad, he refuses, turning the gun on the enforcers who had hired him to murder Iht. A gun battle ensues during which Maek is wounded, but Iht grabs Maek's gun and shoots their way out of the mobsters' headquarters. The two men then escape on Maek's motorcycle. Maek tells Iht to leave at gun point but he won't and takes Maek back to his rooftop hide-out. There, over a period of time, Iht tends to Maek's wound and finds himself attracted to him. In fact, Maek is also attracted to Iht, but keeps it hidden, while Iht cares for his former would-be killer with great tenderness. While giving Maek a bath one day, Iht kisses him on the mouth. Maek reciprocates and the two men engage in a passionate sexual experience. The next day, however, a conflicted Maek demands that Iht go away and leave him alone. Iht returns home to his fiancee, Sai, but is no longer interested in continuing a relationship with her. Iht spends his days pining over Maek, and tracks down Maek's brother, Mhok, and their mother. Mhok is HIV positive, as the result of sexual abuse by his and Maek's stepfather, and their mother is dying of AIDS. Maek remains elusive, hiding from Iht when he visits the hideout, but leaving signs that he's there so Iht will return. Though Maek avoids making contact with Iht, eventually he goes to visit his mother and brother, and Iht corners him at the entrance to the building, declaring his love for Maek and stressing how much he misses him. They kiss passionately. They are unfortunately covertly observed by Sai, Iht's live-in fiancee. Maek's dream is to take his mother and brother away from Bangkok to the mountains of Mae Hong Son Province. But after Maek's mother overhears that Mhok has prostituted himself to survive after contracting AIDS from his stepfather, she commits suicide by hanging herself. The brothers take her down, and as they are rushing her from the apartment, she is killed by a gunshot fired by an unseen sniper. The bullet is presumably intended for Maek. Maek's former mobster employers are gunning for him and Iht. Maek decides to hunt them down first, and he succeeds in killing them. After Mohk informs Iht what Maek is doing, Iht goes to the capo's house to try to stop Maek, but he is too late and misses Maek by a second. Iht is injured when the capo's wife shoots at a clock that shatters in Iht's face. Maek, meanwhile meets his brother at the railway station to leave Bangkok for good. But before he can board the train, he is apprehended by the police and taken away. Mhok breaks down. He's the sole witness to his brother being apprehended. Years pass by. Iht visits Maek in prison and reveals that he was left blind in the final gunbattle with Maek's ex-boss. Mhok commits suicide while at a Hospice of Watphrabahtnamphu in Lopburi because he no longer has the energy to fight his disease. Eventually, Maek is released from prison, and Iht meets him. But before the two men can leave to start their life together, Maek is shot dead by a single bullet fired by an unseen assassin. A bewildered, blind Iht collapses over his lover's corpse, swearing his love for him again and again. Iht eventually regains his sight, and is finally able to view on his mobile phone a video recorded by Maek himself many years before, admitting that all along, he had loved Iht and that he would love him to his last breath."] ['Luster takes place over a weekend in Los Angeles.  Jackson wakes up in the aftermath of an orgy and heads to his job at his friend Sam\'s alternative record store. At the store he gets a call from Sonny Spike. On his way out the door, Jackson runs into customer Derek, who professes his love at first sight. Jackson meets Sonny at his hotel and Sonny asks him to write the lyrics for Sonny\'s next album. Stoked, Jackson stops back at his house where he finds his cousin Jed in the shower, which immediately inspires thoughts of incest. Jackson and Jed head back to the store, just in time to head out to a book signing by Kurt Domain with Sam . At the book signing, Jackson runs into Billy, who he\'d met at last night\'s orgy. Jackson professes his love at first sight for Billy, who agrees to have coffee but flatly informs Jackson he won\'t have sex with him. The author spots Jed, and, taking him as his muse, writes a piece on Jed\'s body.  Jackson, inspired by Jed, writes several poems. Meanwhile, Jed is in the desert, serving as muse to yet a third artist, Alyssa. A bloodied Billy calls Jackson at the record store. Jackson picks him up and takes him home. Billy explains that his ex-lover sexually tortured him. Leaving Billy to sleep, Jackson gives his poems to Sonny, who thinks they\'re great but changes the sex of the subjects to female. Jed returns to Jackson\'s place and crawls into bed next to Billy. Jackson goes back to work, where Derek is waiting for him. Derek again professes his love. Jackson explains he doesn\'t feel the same but they kiss anyway. Jackson drives Derek home. Alyssa takes her photos of Jed to a gallery and lands a showing in New York City. Billy wakes up next to Jed and engages in some sexual torture of his own. Sonny decides he must meet Jackson\'s inspiration and sends a private investigator to get him. The P.I. finds Billy and brings him to Sonny. It was Sonny who had tortured Billy previously. Billy tells Sonny that he tortured someone that morning and realized that he hated it and that he wants to enslave himself to Sonny. Sam visits his mother and surprises her with the news that he\'s paid off her mortgage. Jackson returns home and finds Jed handcuffed in the shower.  Sam, Jackson and Jed go on a bar crawl through the city. Jackson runs into Sonny and Billy in the restroom of one bar and beats Billy up for what he did to Jed. Sonny gets turned on by it. When Jackson leaves the bar, Sam and Jed are arguing over Sam\'s unrequited love for someone. Sam drops Jackson and Jed off at Jackson\'s and gives Jed a videotape to give to Jackson. Jed goes inside and he and Jackson make love.  Jackson takes Jed to the airport for his flight back to Iowa. Jed tells him about the tape. Jackson returns home to find Alyssa and her girlfriend Sandra, who tell him that Sam has killed himself. On the tape, Sam says he\'s in love with Jackson. He knows he\'ll never be able to be with Jackson the way he wants to and that he has a lot of pain because of that. Distraught, Jackson runs all the way to Derek\'s place before the tape even ends. He has Derek reassure him that Derek loves him. Jackson strips naked and tells Derek "I\'m all yours." Jackson says he doesn\'t know if he loves Derek but he does think Derek\'s pretty special, and special is "pretty fuckin\' good."'] ['Frédérique is a rich and beautiful woman who picks up a female street artist called "Why". It is December and they go to her villa in Saint Tropez, which is inhabited by a couple of odd gay men. Both women fall for the local architect Paul Thomas. However Why says that she is not interested in him, so Frédérique invites him to move into the villa.'] ['{{plot}} At the home of John Rutka and Eddie Santin, Rutka is apparently shot by an unknown assailant. Later, private eye Donald Strachey arrives at the Albany Medical Center to meet with a client. While there, he sees his partner, Tim Callahan, who is escorting his boss, a prominent New York state senator who is there for a photo op with the comatose Catholic Bishop McFee whose diocese consists of, among others, St. Michael\'s Catholic Church. Strachey is approached by Santin, who reveals that the client that approached him is none other than Rutka, who Strachey despises for his activities outing prominent local closeted homophobes. Despite attempts by Rutka and Santin to convince Strachey to help find out who shot John, Donald declines the assignment. That night, a man determinedly barges into Rutka\'s hospital room unauthorized, only to find that Rutka has already checked out. Rutka visits Strachey\'s home, but he remains unmoved, until Rutka offers him a $5,000 retainer. Strachey relunctantly accepts the job, mostly because of recent money troubles stemming from a home renovation bearing on his mind. Timmy, who has an even stronger distaste for Rutka\'s tactics, objects at first, but also agrees that they can\'t afford to pick and choose their clients in their current financial situation. The next morning, Rutka shows Strachey his attic, where he keeps his various files on both his past and prospective outing targets. One of them is Bruno Slinger, a prominent state politician who has voted against gay rights in the past, on whom Rutka has a file which includes photographic evidence of his sexual involvement with men. Suddenly, a fire breaks out at Ruka\'s house, which Strachey puts out and then investigates. As the case progresses, Strachey becomes convinced that Rutka and Santin are staging the various criminal incidents themselves, thanks in part to the assertion by Detective Sean "Bub" Bailey that Rutka has a long history of deception. Finally, Strachey decides that he can no longer continue with the case and informs Rutka that he will return the unused portion of the retainer. The next morning, a news program reports that Rutka was killed hours after Strachey severed ties with him and the investigation. Santin calls them, expression indignation that Strachey refused to believe that the death threats against Rutka were genuine. Strachey expresses remorse, and then goes back with Santin to the attic to retrieve all of Rutka\'s files for safekeeping. With John officially dead, Strachey\'s search for Rutka\'s would-be assassin is now a murder investigation. He asks Santin who the next target might have been, but Santin only knows that it might have been one of three people—Slinger, local children\'s show host Ronnie Linklater, and a mysterious third possibility identified only in Rutka\'s records as "Ultimate Hypocritical Asshole". Donald finds a plastic mud flap, torn off of an unidentified person\'s car. Later, he comes across initials for three persons who received substantial payments from Rutka—N.Z., H.G., and D.R. Through local sex worker Dik Steel, he obtains the identity of the first - Nathan Zenck, who runs a fancy hotel -- and spies on his guests\' sexual rendezvous through hidden video cameras. Strachey confronts Zenck, who mentions that Bruno Slinger is sexually connected to Ronnie Linklater and reveals that the second initials are undoubtedly those of Howie Glade, who owns a lower quality motel. The third initials remain unknown, but after interrogating Glade, Strachey finds out that Linklater was previously involved in sexual liaisons every Wednesday night with an unknown man  who was injured and possibly killed by a fallen ceiling mirror weeks ago; Glade was unable to find out the man\'s identity, but manages to get the license plates to his car. Strachey manages to trace the plates to a used car dealer named Art Murphy, who refuses to cooperate with the investigation, threatening to bludgeon Donald until he retreats. At the couple\'s home, Timmy is attacked by the man who visited Rutka\'s hospital room earlier. Strachey arrives in time to drive him away, but Timmy is hospitalized. Timmy recovers, but the experience shakes Donald enough to consider abandoning the case, until Timmy, who has had a change of heart about Rutka, convinces him to press on. Next, Strachey interviews Linklater in his studio dressing room, but the kids show host denies that either he or Slinger had any involvement in Rutka\'s death, and refuses to reveal the identity of the man the motel mirror fell on. However, after Donald\'s talk with Ronnie, he gets the impression the man survived the accident. As Strachey leaves the studio, the man who attacked Tim ambushes Donald, knocking him unconscious. When he wakes, he is greeted by the man\'s boss -- Slinger, who also denies involvement in Rutka\'s murder and demands that he hands over the file Rutka had on Bruno. Slinger allows Strachey to leave unharmed, but the P.I. can\'t get any answers from the Congressman, who says that Ronnie never told him the identify of the man injured in the motel fall. Strachey gets a slight lead from the exchange, learning that Linklater and Rutka were both involved in St. Michaels\' choir. Back at the hospital, Tim is ready to be discharged, but the couple come across Art Murphy and his wife, visiting Bishop McFee. At Strachey\'s behest, Tim finds out that McFee is Murphy\'s brother-in-law and that he was the man that drove the car every Wednesday—and was sexually involved with Linklater, explaining the true nature of the accident that had put McFee into a coma until now. Tim then uses his connections in the seminary to ask St. Michael\'s local priest, Father Morgan, who would have been the parish priest when John Rutka was in the church choir. Morgan excuses himself, heading out the back way, but the authorities are there waiting for him. Strachey, who had been holding onto the car flap, identifies it as part of the car McFee drove on Wednesdays, and now driven by Morgan. Morgan is arrested, not only for his part in covering up McFee\'s history of sex crimes, but also for the apparent murder of John Rutka. Scandal hits Morgan, McFee and the entire parish. Come Saturday, Strachey, Tim, Eddie, John\'s sister Ann, and other friends are attending John Rutka\'s funeral. Eddie graciously offers Donald the remaining fee for his work in solving Rutka\'s murder and gives the couple a business card to send the bill to. Strachey looks at the name and figures out the last of the trio of mysterious initials - David Resuto, the Rutka family lawyer. Strachey immediately grills Ann as to why Resuto would be getting $14,000, the largest of the payments made out to anyone in Rutka\'s financial ledger. Ann reluctantly explains that the payments were for a life insurance policy—and the beneficiary is Eddie. The private eye, suspicious of the payments after being told earlier that Santin was removed from Rutka\'s will, follows him to the airport and catches up to him. As he confronts Eddie, he is shocked to see a very alive John Rutka standing next to him. John explains his elaborate plan to fake his death, frame Father Morgan for a fake murder, expose McFee as a pedophile , and use the insurance money to start up a network of cheap drugs for AIDS patients in Mexico. He knew that the controversy of outing has faded as acceptance of people based on sexual orientation is rising. Rutka reveals that Eddie initially believed his lover was dead, and that John was the one who planted the mud flap where Strachey could find it. Donald is outraged at the deception, until Rutka reveals that he too was a victim of McFee\'s molestation, starting when John was only 9. Donald protests that regardless of the sex abuse cover-up, Morgan will go to prison for a murder that he did not commit. Rutka agrees that Strachey can tell the authorities that he saw him still alive, and exonerate him for that part of his sentence. Donald wavers from his determination to turn Rutka in for his crimes, but before he allows the couple to leave the country, he follows-up on a throwaway comment Rutka made earlier. Rutka reveals that he had a file on Strachey, a former Sergeant in the U.S. military, who had to leave the service with an honorable discharge when his sexual orientation was revealed—at the expense of the lieutenant he was caught in bed with, who received a much more severe punishment as the scapegoat of the two. Rutka is allowed to leave the country. Donald and Timmy realize how much insight on the complexities of life—and people—this experience has given them, and they conclude that life is not as black and white as both of them previously thought. This doesn\'t stop them from toasting their new perspective—and their now finished fireplace—by performing the one act of absolute good they are still sure of—the destruction of Rutka\'s file on Strachey.'] ["Matt Riddlehoover wrote, directed, edited and stars in this seriocomic feature about a gay playwright who feeds off his stubborn attraction to the wrong type of guy . When he attracts the attention of a newspaper columnist  who will champion his work, success seems guaranteed until he meets her boyfriend - played by Brandon. The film excels in Riddlehoover's delivery as the self-absorbed, flawed hero. His timing is impressive, given that he was also directing himself. Winner of the MySpace Film User's Choice Award."] ['The film explores the lives of the characters Felice Schragenheim , a Jewish woman who assumed a false name and who belongs to an underground organization, and Lilly Wust , a married mother of four children, unsatisfied with her husband . Felice takes the initiative in the love affair. Lilly, fascinated with the strength of Felice and her friends, realizes that she can give her love more fully to a cosmopolitan woman than a man. The film features both erotic encounters and sentimental love poems , and during one love scene a poetic line emerges in which Lilly is an Aimée to Felice as Jaguar. Then one day Lilly’s husband gets leave from the front and arrives home, only to find Felice and Lilly in bed. Although he then hoped merely to punish her for her indiscretion so that his marriage would return to normal, Lilly surprises him by asking for a divorce. He later dies at the front. Felice and her friends stop seeing Lilly for the sake of their own survival. On one occasion, Lilly erupts in anger over Felice’s unexplained absence for days, so Felice shares her secret that she is Jewish. After the 20 July Plot, Lilly’s friends fear for their lives and arrange to flee Germany before they are rounded up. Felice prefers to take her chances in order to enjoy the love of her life, though unfortunately not for long, as Felice is captured by the Gestapo. She is sent to the Theresienstadt concentration camp from where the two still manage to correspond, but all contact is lost by the end of 1944. The story has two bookends. When the film begins in 1997, an 83-year-old Lilly  is taking up residence in a dilapidated flat that once served as an underground hideout. Lilly’s German maid Ilse , who was rounded up during 1945, is already a tenant. Lilly and Ilse reminisce as the film ends. Lilly, though saddened by the tragedy that she caused her friends and lovers, is unable to imagine how her life could have been any different, given her obsessive live-for-today-for-tomorrow-we-die mood, common among besieged Berliners. Lilly Wust lived in Berlin until her death on 31 March 2006. The tagline of the film is "Love Transcends Death".'] ['Raquela, a Filipino transsexual prostitute dreams of making a new life in Paris. She becomes an internet porn star and meets Valerie, an Icelandic transsexual, and Michael, the owner of the website she works for.{{cite web}}'] ["The film tells of two very different men who share a Brazilian prison cell: Valentin Arregui , who is imprisoned  due to his activities on behalf of a leftist revolutionary group, and Luis Molina  a homosexual in prison for having sex with an underage boy. Molina passes the time by recounting memories from one of his favorite films, a wartime romantic thriller that's also a Nazi propaganda film. He weaves the characters into a narrative meant to comfort Arregui and distract him from the harsh realities of political imprisonment and the separation from the woman he cares about. Arregui allows Molina to penetrate some of his defensive self and opens up. Despite Arregui occasionally snapping at Molina over his rather shallow views of political cinema, an unlikely friendship develops between the two. As the story develops, it becomes clear that Arregui is being poisoned by his jailers to provide Molina with a chance to befriend him, and that Molina is spying on Arregui on behalf of the Brazilian secret police. Molina has namely been promised a parole if he succeeds in obtaining information that will allow the secret police to find the revolutionary group's members. However, Molina falls in love with Arregui, and Arregui responds after a fashion, culminating in a physical consummation of their love on Molina's last night in prison. Molina is granted parole in the hopes Arregui will reveal information about his contacts when he knows Molina will be out of prison. Arregui provides Molina with a telephone number and message for his comrades. Molina at first refuses to take the number, fearing the consequences of treason, but he relents, and he and Arregui bid farewell with a kiss. In the final scenes Molina calls the telephone number, and a meeting is arranged with the revolutionary group. But the secret police have had Molina under surveillance, and a gun battle ensues, with the revolutionaries, assuming Molina has betrayed them, shooting him. As he wanders the streets wounded, the policemen catch up with him and demand that he disclose the telephone number in exchange for them taking him to the hospital for treatment, but Molina refuses and succumbs to his wounds. On the orders of the homophobic police chief , the policemen dump Molina's body in a rubbish pit and fabricate a story about his death and involvement with the revolutionary group. Meanwhile, back in the prison Arregui is being treated after being tortured once again. As the doctor administers him morphine to help him sleep, risking his job in the process, Arregui escapes into a dream where he is on a tropical island with the woman he loves. Although not made explicit, it is implied that he dies from his wounds."] ['Underground actress Divine lives under the pseudonym "Babs Johnson" with her mentally ill, egg-loving mother Edie, delinquent son Crackers, and traveling companion Cotton. They all live together in a pink trailer on the outskirts of Phoenix, Maryland, in front of which can be found a pair of eponymous plastic pink flamingos. After learning that Divine has been named "the filthiest person alive" by a tabloid paper, jealous rivals Connie and Raymond Marble set out to destroy her career but come undone in the process. The Marbles run an "adoption clinic", which is actually a black market baby ring. They kidnap young women, have them impregnated by their homosexual manservant, Channing, and sell their babies to lesbian couples. The proceeds are used to finance a network of dealers selling heroin in inner-city elementary schools. Raymond also gets money by exposing himself  to unsuspecting women in a park and stealing their purses when they flee. The Marbles send a spy named Cookie in the guise of what Crackers thinks is a date. In one of the film\'s most infamous scenes, the two of them have sex while crushing a live chicken between them as Cotton looks on voyeuristically. Cookie then informs the Marbles about Babs\'s real identity, her whereabouts, and her family, as well as information about her upcoming birthday party. The Marbles send a box of human faeces to Divine as a birthday present with a card addressing her as "Fatso" and proclaiming themselves "The Filthiest People Alive". Worried her title has been seized, Divine proclaims whoever sent the package must die and her two associates agree. Meanwhile, at the Marbles, Channing dresses up as Connie and Raymond, wearing Connie\'s clothes and imitating their earlier overheard conversations. When the Marbles return home, they catch Channing imitating them and react with outrage, firing him and locking him in a closet until they can return from their chores and kick him out for good. The birthday party begins as the Marbles arrive to spy on it. Divine receives an assortment of gifts, including lice shampoo, a pig\'s head and an axe. Later on, they all witness a topless dancing woman with a snake and a contortionist who flexes his anal sphincter in rhythm to the song "Surfin\' Bird." One of the guests, the Egg Man, who delivers eggs to Edie daily, confesses his love for her and proposes marriage. She accepts his proposal and he carries Edie off in a wheelbarrow for a honeymoon around the egg industry. The Marbles, disgusted by the reveling, call the police, but this proves unsuccessful as Divine and the other party-goers kill the cops. Divine hacks up their bodies with the axe and the party goers eat them. After the party ends, Divine and Crackers head to the Marbles\' house  where they lick and rub everything in their house to spread their "filthiness", which excites them to the point of engaging in oral sex. Licking the furniture later causes it to "reject" the less filthy Marbles when they return home: when they try to sit down, the cushions fly up, throwing them to the floor. Divine and Crackers find Channing locked away, but they have no sympathy for him. Once they\'re in the dungeon, Divine and Crackers use a large knife to cut the bonds and free the two captive women, then hand over the knife. The women emasculate him offscreen. Meanwhile, Connie and Raymond burn Divine\'s beloved trailer to the ground. Afterwards, Crackers, Cotton, and Divine find the trailer reduced to flame and ash. This is the last straw for Divine, and soon after Connie and Raymond find that Channing has bled to death from his penis and the two girls are gone, Divine takes them hostage at gunpoint. She then calls the local tabloid media to witness the Marbles\' trial and execution, as she proclaims her belief in "filth politics": {{cquote}} Divine holds a "kangaroo court", asks Cotton and Crackers for their biased testimony, and sentences the bound and gagged Marbles to death for "first-degree stupidity" and "assholism". Divine sarcastically offers them the opportunity to speak on their own behalf, but they\'re of course gagged and they move straight to the execution. They tie the Marbles to a tree, coating them in tar and feathers. Divine then shoots them in the head and the media leave shortly afterward, satisfied with their scoop of a "live homicide". Divine, Crackers, and Cotton talk about where to base their seat of operations next and they enthusiastically decide to relocate to Boise, Idaho. The legendary ending opens as Crackers, Cotton, and Divine walk down the street, where they spot a dog and its owner. They look at the dog excitedly and hungrily for some reason. Then we see the dog defecates on the sidewalk, and Divine sits down next to it. She takes the faeces in her hand and puts it in her mouth, proving as the narrator states, she is "not only the filthiest person in the world, but is also the world\'s filthiest actress". She spits some of the faeces back off and grins.'] ['Mary Griffith  is a devout Christian who raises her children with the conservative teachings of the Presbyterian Church. However, when her son Bobby  confides to his older brother that he may be gay, life changes for the entire family after Mary learns about his secret. Bobby\'s father and siblings slowly come to terms with his homosexuality, but Mary believes that God can "cure" him. She takes him to a psychiatrist and persuades Bobby to pray harder and seek solace in Church activities in hopes of changing him. Desperate for his mother\'s approval, Bobby does what is asked of him, but through it all, the Church\'s disapproval of homosexuality and his mother\'s attempts to suppress his growing behaviors in public causes him to grow increasingly withdrawn and depressed. Stricken with guilt, Bobby moves away with his cousin, hoping that some day, his mother will accept him. He moves to Oregon, giving up on his hopes of defeating homosexuality. He finds a boyfriend, David ([[Scott Bailey , at a gay bar. However, Mary makes it clear that she still does not want her son to continue as he is. Despite meeting David\'s parents, who assure them that things will change, Bobby continues thinking of his mother\'s words, and also sees David with another man. Finally, Bobby\'s subsequent depression and self-loathing intensifies as he blames himself for not being the "perfect" son, and one night, he free falls off a freeway bridge into the path of an oncoming eighteen-wheeler truck, which kills him instantly. The family receives the horrible news the following day, and is devastated. Faced with their tragedy, Mary begins to question herself and her Church\'s interpretation of the Scripture. Through her long and emotional journey, Mary slowly reaches out to the gay community and discovers unexpected support from a very unlikely source. She becomes acquainted with a local gay reverend, who convinces her to attend a meeting of Parents, Families and Friends of Lesbians and Gays . It is there that she realizes that she knew Bobby was different from conception and that his true value was in his heart. {{cquote}} She becomes an advocate for gay rights and eventually gives a speech in a town council meeting in support of a local "gay day". She urges people to think before they say, voice, or support homophobia because "a child is listening". The measure is rejected, but she and her family travel to San Francisco with fellow PFLAG members and walk in a gay pride parade, during which she sees another young man just like Bobby observing the parade. She walks over and hugs him, finally coming to terms with her son\'s death and vowing to work hard for the rights of gays and lesbians.<ref namehttp://www.mylifetime.com/on-tv/movies/prayers-bobby |titleMyLifetime.com |accessdate = 2009-01-10 }}'] ['The plot centres on the handsome Belgian sailor Georges Querelle ([[Brad Davis , who is also a thief and murderer. When his ship, the Vengeur, arrives in Brest, he visits the Feria, a bar and brothel for sailors run by the madame Lysiane , whose lover Robert is Querelle\'s brother. Querelle has a love/hate relationship with his brother; when they meet at La Feria, they embrace, but also punch one another slowly and repeatedly in the belly. Lysiane\'s husband Nono  tends bar and manages La Feria\'s underhanded affairs with the assistance of his friend, the corrupt police captain Mario. Querelle makes a deal to sell opium to Nono, and murders his accomplice Vic. After delivering the drugs, Querelle announces that he wants to sleep with Lysiane. He knows that this means he will have to throw dice with Nono, who, as Lysiane\'s husband, has the privilege of playing a game of chance with all of her prospective lovers. If Nono loses, the suitor is allowed to proceed with his affair. If the suitor loses, however, he must submit to anal sex with Nono first. "That way, I can say my wife only sleeps with assholes," Nono says. Querelle deliberately loses the game, allowing himself to be sodomized by Nono. When Nono gloats about Querelle\'s "loss" to Robert, who won his dice game, the brothers end up in a violent fight. Later, Querelle becomes Lysiane\'s lover, and also has sex with Mario. Luckily for Querelle, a construction worker called Gil murders his coworker Theo, who had been harassing and sexually assaulting him. Gil is also considered to be the murderer of Vic. Gil hides from the police in an abandoned prison, and Roger, who is in love with Gil, establishes contact between Querelle and Gil in the hopes that Querelle can help Gil flee. Querelle falls in love with Gil, who closely resembles his brother . Gil returns his affections, but Querelle betrays Gil by tipping off the police. Querelle had cleverly arranged it so that his murder of Vic is also blamed on Gil. In parallel there is a plot line concerning Querelle\'s superior, Lieutenant Seblon , who is in love with Querelle, and constantly tries to prove his manliness to him. Seblon is aware that Querelle murdered Vic, but chooses to protect him. Near the end of the film, Seblon reveals his love and concern to a drunken Querelle, and they kiss and embrace before returning to Le Vengeur.'] ['James Sanchez is a 29-year-old gay man who feels he has reached a dead end in his life. While his best friend Roxy, an actress-turned-activist, struggles to show him there is life beyond the glitz of the disco ball, his other friend, Brandon works on getting James to socialize. Feeling out of place in the world and caught between his Hispanic-American heritage and his homosexuality, James grows, realizing that life is in the journey, not the destination. Throughout his long journey to find a partner, James dates many different guys, many of whom he meets in gay bars. He attempts to find a man online, which leads him to Mike. They go on a date, which seems to be "perfect," but Mike never calls back. Throughout his relationship troubles, James also deals with his parents, who try to be much too accepting , a lack of a job, a lack of inspiration for his talents as an actor and his lack of confidence to approach the man to whom he crushes on, the hot and sexy coffee barista in the cafe down the street. After going through friendship troubles, all too depressing moments and losing his apartment\'s electricity, he struggles his way back into life by getting an acting job and perhaps finding the man of his dreams.'] ['Brandon Teena  is a young female-to-male non-operative transgender man, whose birth name was Teena Renae Brandon. When Brandon is discovered to be anatomically female by the brother of a woman he once dated, he becomes the target of physical threats. Not long after, he is involved in a bar fight and is evicted from his cousin\'s trailer. Brandon moves to Falls City, Nebraska where he cultivates friendships with ex-convicts John Lotter  and Tom Nissen ,  and their friends Candace  and Lana Tisdel . Brandon becomes romantically involved with Lana, who is unaware of his biological sex and troubled past. The two make plans to move to Memphis, where Brandon will manage Lana in a karaoke career. Brandon is detained for charges that arose prior to his relocation and placed in the women\'s section of the Falls City prison. Lana bails Brandon out. After Lana asks why Brandon was in a women\'s prison, Brandon lies to her, saying he was born a hermaphrodite and will soon receive a sex change. Lana declares her love for Brandon, "no matter what he is." Tom and John become suspicious after they read a newspaper article about Brandon that refers to him by his birth name, Teena Brandon. Tom and John force Brandon to remove his pants, revealing his genitals. They try to make Lana look, but she shields her eyes and turns away. After this confrontation Tom and John chase Brandon to an isolated location, where they beat and violently rape him. Afterward, they take Brandon to Nissen\'s house. Though injured, Brandon escapes through a bathroom window. Having been threatened by his assailants and told not to report the attack to the police, a distressed Brandon is nonetheless convinced by Lana to file a report. One evening, John and Tom get drunk, and decide to kill Brandon. Despite Lana\'s attempts to stop them, John and Tom drive to Candace\'s remote house where they find Brandon, who has been hiding in a shed on Candace\'s property. John shoots Brandon under the chin, and Tom shoots Candace in the head while Lana fights them and screams for them to stop. John stabs Brandon\'s lifeless body and Tom attempts to shoot Lana, but is stopped by John. John and Tom flee the scene, while Lana lies with Brandon\'s dead body. The next morning, Lana wakes up on Brandon\'s dead body. Her mother arrives and takes an emotionally wrenched Lana away from the scene. The film ends with Lana leaving Falls City while a letter Brandon wrote her is read in a voice-over.'] ["The film tells a tale of six central characters, their failures, obsessions and darkest desires. Set in an army post, it tells the story of Maj. Weldon Penderton  and his wife Leonora . Other central characters are Lt. Col. Morris Langdon  and his sick wife Alison , the Langdons' houseboy Anacleto  and a mysterious soldier, Pvt. Williams . The story begins at an Army base in the 1940s. Maj. Penderton assigns Pvt. Williams to a private house call instead of his usual duty, which is maintaining the stables. Meanwhile we are introduced to Maj. Penderton's wife, Leonora, who is about to go horseback riding with Lt. Col. Langdon. From the first scene with Leonora the viewer is aware of her extramarital affair with Langdon, as well as her strong bond with her horse, Firebird. Also a point made in the film is Williams's strong bond with all the horses in the stable. On one of their rides, Langdon and Leonora witness Pvt. Williams riding nude. Leonora and Penderton have an argument that same night which Williams witnesses through a window of their home, which develops into Williams spying on them from outside at first, then breaking into the house and watching Leonora sleep at night. As the nights continue Williams starts to sift through her feminine things, and caresses her lingerie. Penderton takes Leonora's horse and rides wildly into the woods, but he falls off and is dragged a distance by the horse. He then beats the horse. Pvt. Williams while riding naked comes to the horse and brings him back to the stable to tend the horse's wounds. Penderton becomes infatuated with Williams and starts to follow him around the camp. Upon finding out about her horse, Leonora interrupts her own party and repeatedly strikes her husband in the face with her riding crop. Alison Langdon, the wife of Lt. Col. Langdon, is recovering from having sliced off her nipples with a pair of pruning shears, the apparent result of depression following the death of her newborn child. Alison's only bond is with her effeminate Filipino houseboy. Alison, being very aware of her husband's adulterous behavior, decides to divorce him, but is then forced into an asylum by her husband as she tries to leave him. Langdon falsely tells Leonora and Penderton that Alison was going insane. Soon, Penderton is informed that Alison died of a heart attack, but in truth she committed suicide. One night Penderton looks out of his window to find Williams outside his house. He thinks that Williams has picked up his subtle signals and is coming to see him, but instead watches Williams enter his wife's room. He then enters his wife's room and shoots Williams."] ['In 1963, Ennis Del Mar  and Jack Twist  are hired by Joe Aguirre  to herd his sheep through the summer in Wyoming. After a night of heavy drinking, Jack makes a sexual pass at Ennis, who is initially apprehensive but then succumbs to Jack\'s advances. Although he warns Jack that it was a one-time incident, they develop a sexual and emotional relationship. Shortly after learning their summer together is being cut short, they briefly fight, and each is bloodied. After Jack and Ennis part ways, Ennis marries his longtime fiancée Alma Beers  and fathers two children. Jack returns the next summer, but Aguirre, who witnessed Jack and Ennis on the mountain, does not re-hire him. Jack meets, marries and starts a family with rodeo rider Lureen Newsome . After four years, Jack visits Ennis. Upon meeting the two kiss passionately, which Alma accidentally witnesses. Jack broaches the subject of creating a life together on a small ranch, but Ennis, haunted by a childhood memory of the torture and murder of a man suspected of homosexual behavior, refuses. He is also unwilling to abandon his family. Ennis and Jack continue to meet for infrequent fishing trips. The marriages of both men deteriorate. Alma and Ennis eventually divorce. Ennis sees his family regularly until Alma finally reveals her knowledge of the nature of his relationship with Jack by making homophobic remarks which incites a violent argument. Ennis subsequently severs his ties with Alma. Lureen abandons her rodeo days and becomes a businesswoman with her father and expects Jack to work in sales. Hearing about Ennis\'s divorce, Jack drives to Wyoming hoping they can live together, but Ennis refuses to move away from his children. Jack finds solace with male prostitutes in Mexico. Ennis meets and has a brief romantic relationship with a waitress, Cassie Cartwright . Jack and Lureen meet and befriend another couple, Randall and Lashawn Malone, and it is implied that Jack and Randall begin an affair behind their wives\' backs. At the end of a fishing trip, Ennis attempts to push back their next meeting. An argument erupts over Jack\'s frustration at seeing Ennis so infrequently and Ennis blames Jack for being the cause of his own conflicted emotions. Jack attempts to hold him and there is a brief struggle, but they end up locked in an embrace. A flashback of Ennis saying goodbye to Jack during their summer on Brokeback Mountain fades back to Jack watching Ennis drive away. Sometime later, a postcard Ennis sends to Jack is returned stamped "Deceased". In a telephone conversation, Lureen tells Ennis that Jack died when a tire he was changing exploded; while listening, Ennis imagines Jack being beaten to death by a gang. Jack\'s actual fate is left "deliberately ambiguous".{{cite journal}} Lureen tells Ennis that Jack wanted to have his ashes scattered on Brokeback Mountain, but she does not know where it is. Ennis travels to meet with Jack\'s mother and father , where he offers to take Jack\'s ashes – but the father refuses, preferring to have them interred in a family plot. In Jack\'s childhood bedroom, Ennis finds the bloodstained shirt he thought he lost on Brokeback Mountain, realizing that Jack kept it hanging with the bloodstained shirt Jack himself wore during that fight. Ennis holds them up to his face, breathing in their scent and silently weeping. Jack\'s mother allows him to keep the shirts. Later, 19-year-old Alma Jr.  arrives at her father\'s trailer with the news that she is engaged. She asks Ennis for his blessing and invites him to the wedding. Ennis asks her if her fiancé really loves her, and she answers "yes". After Alma\'s departure, Ennis goes to his closet. Hanging on a nail pounded into the door are the shirts, with a postcard of Brokeback Mountain tacked above. Now Jack\'s shirt is tucked inside of Ennis\'s. Ennis fastens the top button of Jack\'s shirt, and with tears in his eyes mutters, "Jack, I swear..." while straightening the postcard, before closing the door and walking away.'] ["Omar Ali is a young man living in 1980s London. His father, Hussein, is a Pakistani journalist who lives in London but hates Britain and its international politics. His dissatisfaction with the world and a family tragedy has caused his alcoholism to take over, so that Omar has to take care of him. By contrast, Omar's paternal uncle Nasser is a successful entrepreneur and an active member of the London Pakistani community. Omar's father asks his uncle to give him a job and, after working for a brief time as a car washer in one of his uncle's garages, he is assigned the task of running a run-down laundrette and turning it into a profitable business. At Nasser's, Omar meets a few other members of the Pakistani community: Tania, Nasser's daughter and possibly a future bride; and Salim, who traffics drugs and hires him to deliver them from the airport. While driving Salim and his wife home that night, the three of them get attacked by a group of right-wing extremists shouting racist slogans. Among them, Omar recognizes an old friend of his, Johnny. Omar asks Johnny to resume their friendship. Johnny decides to help with the laundrette and they resume a romantic relationship which  had been interrupted after school. Running out of money, Omar and Johnny sell one of Salim's drug deliveries to make cash for the laundrette redecoration. The laundrette becomes a success. At the opening day, Nasser visits the store with his mistress, Rachel. They dance together in the laundrette while Omar and Johnny are having sex in the back room. Omar and Johnny are almost caught by Nasser, but Omar claims they were sleeping. Tania confronts Rachel about having an affair with her father, Nasser. Nasser and Rachel leave the laundrette and fight in the road; Rachel storms off because she feels humiliated by Tania and her presence. Later in the film, she falls ill with a skin rash apparently caused by a ritual curse from Nasser's wife, and Rachel decides to leave him. Omar, while drunk, proposes to Tania. She agrees on the condition that Omar gathers money. Omar's father also stops by, late in the night, and appeals to Johnny to persuade Omar to go to college because he is unhappy with his son running a laundrette. Omar decides to take over two laundrettes owned by a friend of Nasser, with the help of Salim. Salim drives Johnny and Omar to view one of the properties, and he expresses his dislike of the British non-working punks . Salim attempts to run over the group of punks who had previously attacked Omar's car and injures one of them. The group of working class punks decides to wait for Salim around the laundrette. While the punks circle the laundrette, Tania drops by and tells Johnny she is leaving and asks if he will come with her. He refuses Tania by revealing his relationship with Omar, and she departs. When Salim enters the laundrette, the punks trash his car. Upon noticing their destruction, he runs out of the laundrette and is then ambushed and attacked. He is beaten and bloodied until Johnny decides to save him, despite their mutual dislike. The punks turn their attention to attacking Johnny instead for supporting the Pakistani community, and beat him savagely until he is saved by Omar. The film cuts to Nasser visiting Omar's father, and their discussion about Omar's future. Nasser sees Tania at a train platform while she is running away, and he shouts to her but she disappears. Omar proceeds to clean up Johnny's wounds, and the two bond. The film ends with them playfully splashing each other with water from a sink while topless, implying they are continuing their relationship."] ["Gabriel , an office temp by day and aspiring Broadway composer by night, becomes smitten with Mark , a go-go dancer, in a gay bar with whom he makes eye contact. The two meet again in the subway that very night, and go back to Gabriel's place to have sex. They're thwarted in the attempt, however, first by Gabriel's aspiring actress friend Katherine , who is obsessed with her role in an adaptation of Salomé set in a women's prison, and then by Gabriel's roommate Rich , who returns home with his girlfriend Judy , with similar  plans for the apartment. Gabriel and Rich argue over which of them should get to use the apartment that night, and decide to settle the matter with a coin toss. When Gabriel loses the coin toss and he and Mark have to leave, Gabriel seeks out his friend Perry  to request the use of Perry's place. Unfortunately, as Perry escorts Gabriel and Mark there, they run into Perry's ex-boyfriend . Perry and his ex tearfully reconcile and they go back to Perry's, frustrating Gabriel and Mark yet again. The two then decide to hit a gay club for some dancing. There, a malicious drag queen  corners Gabriel in the restroom. She badmouths Mark to Gabriel, telling him of the time they tricked{{spaced ndash}}which sounds very much like how Gabriel and Mark met{{spaced ndash}}and how Mark left abruptly after climaxing, leaving her with a fake phone number to boot. Crushed by this news, Gabriel decides to take off. Mark follows Gabriel back to Gabe and Rich's apartment to talk{{spaced ndash}}and also because he's left his house keys there. They go in to look for the keys and try to talk things out while Judy mediates topless. Mark asserts that while he did indeed trick once with Miss Coco, it was actually the latter who tried to take advantage of him by secretly videotaping their encounter without Mark's consent. Gabriel accepts this story but still doesn't trust Mark, so Mark angrily leaves. Judy then finds Mark's keys, and Gabriel chases after Mark with them down into the New York subway system. Just when it seems that Mark is gone forever, he reappears; he and Gabriel made a connection after all. Having reconciled, they decide to get something to eat but{{spaced ndash}}in yet another turn of events{{spaced ndash}}run into Katherine and some of her theatre friends at a diner, where Katherine proceeds to monopolize the conversation. Gabriel finally blows up at her, and Katherine, humiliated, melts down and leaves in a huff. Gabriel chases after her and apologizes; they smooth things over and Katherine and Company depart. As the new morning dawns, Mark gives Gabriel his phone number, they kiss, and Mark heads home. Gabriel calls the number on a nearby payphone, and is relieved to learn that it's Mark's actual number. While they never found a spot to trick, Mark and Gabriel instead formed a budding relationship beyond the simple one-night-stand they'd first been trying for."] [" Lilies is set in a Quebec prison in 1952. Jean Bilodeau , the local bishop, is brought to the prison to hear the confession of Simon Doucet , a dying inmate. But Doucet in fact has a very different revelation for Bilodeau: he has enlisted his fellow inmates to stage a play set in 1912, when Bilodeau and Doucet were childhood friends.  Most of the film consists of the play within the film, presented by the inmates for Bilodeau and Doucet. Because it is taking place within a prison, the female roles are portrayed by the male prisoners. The young Bilodeau and Simon are performed by younger inmates . The play dramatizes a period during Bilodeau and Simon's childhood in Roberval, Quebec, when they were both coming to terms with their homosexuality. Simon has a romantic relationship with Vallier , while Bilodeau remains repressed and tries desperately to convince Simon to join the seminary with him. All three are involved in a school play dramatizing the martyrdom of Saint Sebastian, with Simon in the lead role. The St. Sebastian play's homoerotic undertones contribute to Bilodeau's sexual awakening, which involves an unrequited love for Simon. Bilodeau recognizes the nature of the relationship between Simon and Vallier, and confronts them one afternoon after the rehearsal of the St. Sebastian play. Simon and Vallier attack and subdue Bilodeau, so that Simon can engage him in a derisively passionate kiss. In the middle of the kiss, Vallier's mother, the Countess de Tilly  enters the arena, forcing Simon to break off the kiss and flee. Vallier's mother  is unperturbed at what she has seen, and has Vallier escort her to the arrival of a Parisian aristocrat arriving in a hot air balloon. Simon's father is also at the arrival, where Vallier's mother unwittingly reveals to him that she saw his son passionately kissing Bilodeau. In a rage, Mr. Doucet finds Simon and brutally beats him, to the point where he must find medical attention for his wounds. He chooses to see a Parisian doctor staying at the hotel in town , and he meets Lydie-Anne , a young Parisian baroness. Because of the beating, Simon renounces his love for Vallier and appears to fall in love with Lydie-Ann, eventually becoming engaged to her. However, Vallier's mother, encourages Vallier to attend the engagement party and declare his love for Simon. At the party, it becomes apparent that Simon never stopped loving Vallier and was only using Lydie-Ann to pass as heterosexual. Because her feelings are hurt, Lydie-Ann reveals to Vallier's mother that her estranged husband is living happily in Paris with a new wife and child. She also tells her that she came to Roberval on the recommendation of Vallier's father, and while he mentioned structures and the landscape of the town, he never once spoke of the wife or child he left behind there. After the party, Simon and Vallier meet for one last romantic encounter. Afterwards, Vallier's mother says that she will be going to Paris, and invites Simon and Vallier to see her off. Instead, she leads them to a place in the woods, where she lies down in a shallow grave and has Vallier strangle her to death. Bilodeau witnesses the murder, and is spurred to confess his love for Simon. When rejected, he sets fire to the room where Vallier and Simon are staying and locks the door, so that they cannot escape. Because there are no windows and no other way to ventilate the space, the two young men are soon overcome by the smoke and heat. Bilodeau is remorseful and returns in time to drag Simon to safety, but leaves Vallier in the room. Bilodeau falsely tells the policemen who have arrived on the scene that Vallier is already dead, so they do not go back to save him, and he perishes in the flames.  The play reveals that Vallier's murder is the crime for which Simon Doucet was falsely arrested and convicted. Thus, the play was designed not as Doucet's confession of his sins, but a ploy to extract a confession of guilt from Bilodeau. As a result, Bilodeau asks Doucet to kill him, but Doucet refuses."] ['Walter Kranz , a former revolutionary poet is lost for new ideas and penniless. Fortunately he can obtain a cheque from nymphomaniac Irmgart von Witzleben  who wants to be threatened by a gun. Walter fires and disappears. Some more obscure things happen but in the end everybody is back on stage.'] ["Su-min is an orphan who, having turned 18, is required to leave his orphanage. Unable to pay for university, he heads for Seoul where he works various jobs to pay for computer classes. One of those jobs is driving drunks home from bars. After losing his factory job, Su-min ends up taking a job at a host bar. Initially the boss of this host bar is reluctant to take him on, as he knows from experience that openly gay hosts will often leave when they become romantically involved with one of their clients. Having given up on love, Su-min believes that this won't happen to him, until one day a man from his past enters the host bar. That man, Jae-min, is a former driving client, who has fallen in love with Su-min. Su-min refuses his advances, and accepts him as a client only once, and threatens to kill him if he hires him again. Jae-min is undeterred, and after several weeks go by, Su-min gives in. They are very happy in their relationship until Jae-min's mother discovers them together. She orders Jae-min to marry the woman he's been dating halfheartedly. Su-min is angry. With another man from the host bar, they kidnap Jae-min one night and take him to a shallow grave in the forest. Su-min watches passively as his colleague throws dirt on Jae-min, but eventually moves to stop the plan. His colleague already depressed over a two-timing girlfriend, whacks Su-min with the shovel and leaves the two there in the grave. Jae-min later awakens and takes Su-min to the car and they crash a tree while going back. As dawn breaks in, the two of them start to awake at the same time cops show up at the scene but inside, without paying attention to the cops, Su-min and Jae-min silently reconcile."] ['Young, beautiful and intelligent, Trevor Holden  is in a stalemate. Entangled in an unhealthy relationship with Darrell , a self-destructive heroin addict, and trapped at a low-paying job, Trevor finds scant comfort in Los Angeles\' vapid party scene, where conversation rarely rises above inquiries like "So, are you an actor?" Worse still, he and his two best friends - roommate Andie  and singer Jake  - are being pulled apart by boredom and discontent. At the hospital for his boyfriend\'s latest overdose, Trevor finds a potential new beginning in Ephram , a medical intern with ambition, a warm demeanor and strikingly good looks. After they spend a romantic evening together, Trevor seems poised to make some changes. He begins by ending his relationship with Darrell and then strives to reconnect with Andie and Jake. But what should be a joyous event - a party celebrating a negative HIV test - results in Andie secretly discovering she is HIV positive because of a drunken hookup. Later on, Trevor gets into a fight with Darrell at the party, which is overheard by the guests and causes a rift between Trevor and Ephram. Trevor is devastated by the tragic death of Darrell after an overdose. Ephram informs Trevor of Darrell\'s death and seeks to comfort him in the aftermath. After being offered a job in New York City, Ephram confesses his love for Trevor and suggests he abandon his life in Los Angeles and come live with him. Andie, reeling from her frightening revelation, seeks comfort in Trevor and pleads with him to not leave. Trevor is torn between pursuing the love of his life or staying to assist a dear friend in need. Trevor remains committed to bettering his life, but realizes that some people are too precious to abandon.'] ['Steven Jay Russell  is on his deathbed, recalling the events of his life. He spent his early adult years in Virginia Beach as a police officer. He plays the organ at church, has unenthusiastic sex with his wife, Debbie , and spends his off hours searching for his biological mother, who gave him up as a child. Steven locates his biological mother, but she rejects him without explanation. After a car crash, Steven leaves his family and previous life behind , and explores the world as his true self – a gay man. He moves to Miami, finds a boyfriend , and lives a luxurious lifestyle. To keep himself and his boyfriend in the style to which they have become accustomed, Steven becomes a con man. Steven is caught and sent to prison, where he falls in love with inmate Phillip Morris . Steven cannot bear to be separated from Phillip. After being released, he helps get Phillip freed from prison by posing as a lawyer, then attains wealth by fraudulently acquiring a position as chief financial officer of a large company. Steven eventually gets caught embezzling from the company, and goes back to prison. Phillip is also sent to jail as an accomplice, and angrily tells Steven he never wants to see him again. Months later, Phillip learns from another inmate that Steven is dying of AIDS. Heartbroken, Phillip calls Steven while he is in the infirmary and confesses that while he is still upset with Steven for lying to him, he still loves him. Phillip is later told that Steven has died. Sometime later, Phillip is taken to meet with his lawyer and finds Steven waiting for him. Steven describes how he faked having AIDS and dying in order to see Phillip again, and promises to never lie to him again. He runs one last con to break Phillip out of jail, only to be caught when he runs into an old coworker. The end of the movie explains that the real-life Phillip Morris was released from jail in 2006, but Steven is still imprisoned, on 23-hour lockup, only having one free hour a day to shower and exercise. The last scene shows Steven laughing joyfully while running across the prison yard, guards in pursuit, in another attempt to be with Phillip.'] ["Noah Nichols  and his ARC: Alex Kirby , Ricky Davis , and Chance Counter , retreat to Martha's Vineyard for Noah's intimate marriage to Wade Robinson . While Alex's hubby, Trey , video chats from home to babysit their newly adopted Ethiopian child, Chance brings his husband, Eddie , and Ricky is accompanied by the 19-year old Brandon  for some lighthearted fling-dating. But as the four couples hole up and attend separate bachelor parties, each relationship begins to unravel. Alex's pill-popping throughout the weekend, compiled with surprise drop-ins from Noah's boss, Brandy  and rapper Baby Gat , don't help Noah and Wade work through last-minute jitters."] ["Lianna  is the wife of a college professor teaching film and media at a University in a small to midsized town in New Jersey, and the mother of two children. In an attempt to give her husband more freedom - at his request - and cure her boredom in being a housewife, she takes a child psychology class with her friend Sandy. Becoming more involved in the class and interacting with the female professor, she realizes she has a crush on the instructor, Ruth. Ruth invites Lianna over to her home for dinner and they talk into the night, Lianna explaining that she was a graduate student at one time who married the professor. They eventually sleep together and begin an affair, complicated by Lianna's husband's affair with one of his students. Lianna expresses interest in leaving her husband for Ruth, but Ruth backs away, warning Lianna that living with another woman would jeopardize her career as a child psychologist - and she has a partner in another city. Lianna leaves her husband after a particularly ugly fight to live alone for the first time in years. Lianna visits a lesbian bar and attempts to connect with other lesbians through a string of affairs to explore her new identity. The film explores her loneliness, her changing relationships with her children, and her new relationship with Sandy, who is shocked at Lianna's revelations at first, but slowly begins to accept it and support Lianna."] ['Working class cockney teenagers Dot  and biker Reggie  get married. Their marriage soon turns sour. During an unsuccessful honeymoon at a holiday camp Reggie becomes alienated from the brassy and self-absorbed Dot. Afterwards, they begin to live increasingly separate lives as Reggie becomes more involved with his biker friends, especially the eccentric Pete . Reggie also loses interest in having sex with Dot. When Reggie\'s grandfather dies, Dot merely complains that his support for his bereaved grandmother  has stopped them visiting the cinema. Her boorish behaviour at the funeral and her refusal to move in with Reggie\'s grandmother leads to a major argument. She leaves and Reggie stays with his gran, who will not leave her own house. He brings in Pete, who has been forced to leave his lodgings, to stay as a lodger with her. The two share a bed at her house. Meanwhile Dot shows an interest in Brian , another biker. The following day Pete and Reggie drive to the seaside. Reggie wants them to chat up a couple of girls, but Pete shows no interest. Reggie intends to return to Dot. Dot herself has already hatched a plan to get him back by pretending to be pregnant. Dot is sitting with Brian when she tells Reggie of her "pregnancy". Believing he can\'t be the father, Reggie accuses Brian and the two fight. Reggie knocks out Brian. Dot visits Reggie\'s gran\'s house and learns that he is sharing a bed with Pete. She taunts them, calling them "queers". Reggie is disturbed by this, and asks Pete to deny that he is homosexual, but Pete avoids answering. The bikers organise a race from London to Edinburgh and back in which Reggie, Pete and Brian all take part. Dot rides with Brian. When Brian\'s bike breaks down, Reggie carries Dot on his. Dot admits she is not pregnant. The two start to rekindle their relationship. When they get back, Pete manages to separate Reggie from Dot, taking him to the pub. They come back to their room drunk. When Pete passes out, Reggie sits up thinking. The following morning he decides to return to Dot. Pete gets upset, and says he can\'t understand why Reggie would want to return to Dot, since they get on so much better. He says they should go to America together. Reggie says that he needs a woman. He returns to Dot, but discovers her in bed with Brian. In despair, he meets up with Pete and says he wishes to leave for America as soon as possible. Pete says he can get them passage working on a ship. While Pete is arranging things, he leaves Reggie in a pub, which turns out to be a gay bar. Reggie realises that the clientele are gay when one starts chatting him up. When Pete walks in they all recognise him and Reggie suddenly understands that Pete too is gay. He leaves.'] ['Eddie and Michael are best friends on the brink of adulthood. They are both gay, but hold diametrically opposed outlooks on life. Eddie likes watching old movies on video with his mum. Michael likes video games and the street. They are total opposites that argue like an old married couple. Leaving behind the grim, oppressive reality of Liverpool , they stumble into the bizarre fantasy world of a transvestite nightclub called The Fruit Machine, run by "Annabelle". There, they witness a brutal gangland murder by Echo that transforms their quest for adventure into a run for their lives. Alone and afraid, yet hopeful, they wind up in Brighton with Vincent and Eve at Wonderland, where their path is strewn with manipulation, deceit and murder.'] ['Billy Collier ([[Sean Hayes  is an aspiring photographer in Los Angeles who has had little artistic success and much romantic frustration. He comes up with the idea of recreating iconic screen kisses from Hollywood movies  using drag queens in the female roles. While out for coffee with his roommate Georgiana , he meets Gabriel ([[Brad Rowe , the server. That night at a party, Billy\'s friend Perry  agrees to finance Billy\'s Screen Kiss project and Billy serendipitously runs into Gabriel. Billy recruits him to model and the two develop a friendship . Billy quickly becomes infatuated with Gabriel, but cannot figure out if Gabriel is really straight; Gabriel does little to help, continually sending ambiguous signals. At Perry\'s invitation, the two attend an exhibit by photographer Rex Webster, who tries to poach Gabriel as a model . Webster offers to take Gabriel to Catalina Island for an underwear ad shoot, sparking Billy\'s jealousy. Back at Gabriel\'s place, Billy and Gabriel seem to be getting closer but their rapport is interrupted by a phone call from Gabriel\'s girlfriend Natalie. Billy shoots his first setup with Gabriel, the Lancaster-Kerr kiss. Following the shoot, Gabriel tells Billy that his relationship with Natalie is over. Billy mentions the Kinsey scale, on which Billy describes himself as a "perfect six," but Gabriel admits he does not know where on the scale he falls. Back at Billy\'s apartment, they continue to talk and drink and Gabriel asks if he can spend the night on the couch. Billy suggests that Gabriel sleep in his bed , to which Gabriel eventually agrees. When the two are in bed, Billy makes tentative overtures, to which Gabriel seems to respond initially; however, Gabriel suddenly pulls away, after which Billy apologizes and gets up to sleep on the couch. Gabriel gets the underwear modeling job and goes to Catalina. Billy follows after him to Catalina with Georgiana, who, on the rebound from her boyfriend, Andrew , hooks up with drug-addled island resident "Gundy" . Billy crashes Rex Webster\'s  underwear shoot looking for Gabriel, but does not find him. Billy eventually tracks Gabriel down at Rex\'s party later that night and the two talk on the beach. Billy relates to Gabriel how confused he was when he came out, saying, "I swore to myself that if I could ever be there for somebody, I would, so that that person wouldn\'t have to go through all the shit I went through. What I\'m trying to say is, if you\'re having problems figuring out where you stand, even if you\'re not sure of what you\'re supposed to want-" Abruptly, however, before Billy can finish, one of Gabriel\'s fellow male models walks up to them. Billy instantly realizes that the two of them are in some kind of relationship with each other and Gabriel tells Billy straightforwardly, "Billy, I\'m pretty sure what I\'m supposed to want." Gabriel tries to soften the blow, but Billy rebuffs him. Billy feels hurt and even wonders if Gabriel used him to get his modeling career off the ground. Later, Perry tries to console Billy, telling him that a few years earlier Perry had similarly fallen for someone who did not return his affections; Perry confesses that that man was Billy. The next morning, Georgiana has ditched Gundy. Billy and Georgiana then head back home. The movie ends with the opening of Billy\'s "Hollywood Screen Kiss" series exhibition in Los Angeles, which includes his photos of Gabriel. The exhibit appears to be very successful and Billy receives many congratulations from various visitors. Perry shows Billy a magazine with an underwear ad featuring Gabriel and suggests that Billy give him a call. Billy demurs, saying he needs some time away. Toward the end of the night, after his friends have gone, Billy meets a handsome young man named Joshua  who enthusiastically admires Billy\'s photographic work. It is suggested that along with his newfound artistic success, Billy may at last find romantic fulfillment as well. The film is punctuated with Billy\'s fantasy sequences of himself and Gabriel in pastiches of romantic film scenes, including the aforementioned From Here to Eternity and the films of Fred Astaire. Billy carries a Polaroid camera with him everywhere, and his reminiscences are illustrated with Polaroid photographs. The film in fact opens with such a monologue, with Billy relying on a series of Polaroids while relating how he grew up gay "in a small town in Indiana, where there\'s plenty of corn, fast cars, and straights. Lots and lots of straights. I mean, a lot." Billy\'s opening narrative demonstrates his awareness that he is in a film and breaking the fourth wall. Several scenes in the movie are backed up by classic songs of bygone times sung by notable and lesser known divas; these are lip-synced by more or less the same troupe of drag queens, a running gag throughout the film.'] ["The story centers around four gay friends who have recently graduated from San Torum High School.http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AnotherGayMovie Andy  is an awkward, sex-crazed character who frequently masturbates with his mother's fruits and vegetables. Jarod ([[Jonathan Chase  is a handsome and fit jock who is quite insecure. Griff  is a nerdy, well-dressed guy who is secretly in love with his best friend. Nico  is the most flamboyant, outgoing, and effeminate of the group. The four of them decide to make a pact to have sex by the end of the summer. Each boy proceeds to pursue sex in different ways, with both tragic and comedic results. Nico tries to secure an online date with a man named Ryder ([[Matthew Rush , but ends up with Muffler's grandfather . Andy pursues his long-time crush, his math teacher, Mr. Puckov , but fails; he instead ends up going threesome with Angel , a male stripper, and Beau , a baseball pitcher. Jarod seeks out fellow jocks, including Beau, but ends up dumping him in order to have sex with Griff, who tries to earn the affection of Angel; it starts out successfully, but then Griff chooses Jarod as his true love. Much of the humor comes from how awkward each boy is at romance and how naive they are about sex. Each plot backfires horribly, until the boys finally begin to change their attitudes towards sex at the end of the film."] ["It is 1963 and John Lennon flies to Barcelona with The Beatles' manager Brian Epstein for a weekend of relaxation for John. On the flight over they meet air hostess Marianne. John flirts with her and gives her their hotel telephone number. John asks Brian about gay sex and says that he thinks about it sometimes, but is put off by the thought that it would be painful. They play cards and Brian tells John he is surprised that he brought that up, that he feels awkward about it, that the situation between them is hopeless. John tells him that he finds Brian charming but does not want to have sex with him. He is angry at the thought that everyone they know thinks they are having a sexual relationship. He goes to bed and receives a telephone call from his wife, Cynthia. She says that she misses him, and John says that he misses their son, Julian. John and Brian go to a gay bar and meet a Spanish man named Quinones. John invites him back to the hotel where the three of them have drinks. Quinones is gay but married. After some friendly conversation he leaves early. Brian is angry with John, calling Quinones a fascist, and saying that nothing matters because he cannot have the one thing he wants. He goes to bed and confides in Miguel, the hotel boy. He asks Miguel for oral sex but then says he is only joking. Later he talks to his mother on the telephone. The pair look around Barcelona and John takes photographs of Brian. They discuss, among other things, John’s relationship with Cynthia, which he does not like to talk to Brian about. John has a bath and plays the harmonica. Brian enters and sits on the bath. John asks him to scrub his back with a flannel, which Brian starts doing. John starts kissing Brian, who quickly undresses and gets into the bath. They kiss a little more, then John abruptly gets out of the bath and leaves the room. Brian finds him smoking in bed. John says he is not angry but can not put into words what he is thinking. The telephone rings, it is Marianne. John tells her to come up. Brian is angry, saying that he is tired of making allowances for people. Marianne arrives and Brian leaves. Marianne asks John why Brian is upset, and they argue. She says that she can see they care about each other but she thinks John torments Brian. She has brought a new Little Richard record, which they dance to. John asks Brian about his first time in Barcelona. Brian says he was sent there by his mother a couple of years previously following an incident where he had been robbed and blackmailed by a man he met for sex. Following the trial, Brian was forced to see a psychiatrist and his mother sent him to Spain. Two months later he met the Beatles. Brian tries to get John to promise to meet him in Barcelona in 10 years, no matter what they are doing. John agrees to at least remember the arrangement. Later, Brian lies awake in bed with John sleeping next to him. Brian remembers a time when he took John to his “special place”, the roof of his family’s shop and told John how special the time they spent together was to him. Later, Brian and John plan to go to a bull fight, and John hopes he will not be too squeamish for it."] ['Eyal is an agent in Mossad, the Israeli security service. He is a hitman who targets enemies of Israel. His wife has recently committed suicide, and the agency decides that he needs to take on a less challenging assignment: to find an aging Nazi war criminal and get him "before God does". In order to track down the old man, Eyal poses as a tour guide and befriends the Nazi\'s adult grandchildren, Axel and Pia. Pia lives on a kibbutz, an Israeli commune. Her brother Axel visits her in order to convince Pia to return to Germany for their father\'s seventieth birthday. It is later revealed that Pia\'s estrangement with her parents began when she discovered that they were hiding her grandfather. She shares this information with Axel. Although he has a job to perform, Eyal truly befriends Axel and Pia. Axel and Pia are decent people who demonstrate that most Germans have gotten beyond the hatred that led to the Holocaust. They spend time together and Eyal enjoys himself, even if he would not openly admit so. His friendship with Axel allows him to display some humanity, letting down his tough-guy machismo. Eyal and Axel even take a mud bath by the Dead Sea, showering off together in the nude afterward. When the three are at dinner one night in a Tel Aviv restaurant, Axel speaks privately to the Palestinian waiter, Rafik, and finds out where the best club in town is. Later that evening, Axel, Pia, and Eyal arrive at the club. Eyal is shocked to discover that it is a gay club. He sees Axel dancing with Rafik and is taken aback. Eyal is initially disgusted and disappointed to discover that Axel is gay. He asks to be removed from the assignment, not attempting to hide his homophobia as the reason. His boss, Menachem, insists that Eyal finish the mission. Eyal visits Germany and comes to realize that Axel\'s orientation is unimportant. During the visit, Eyal defends a group of Axel\'s transsexual friends from attackers and, in doing so, reveals that he is fluent in German. He tells Axel that his parents were German, leaving out that most of the Jews in his mother\'s region of Germany had been killed by Axel\'s grandfather. Later during the visit, Eyal runs into Menachem, whose family was also killed by the grandfather\'s Nazi activities. Axel invites Eyal to his father\'s birthday party. The guests are uncomfortable about Eyal\'s nationality and religion, but still polite. After the cake is brought out, Axel\'s parents surprise the guests by bringing out Axel\'s aged grandfather. Axel angrily confronts his mother and goes to Eyal\'s room, only to find a folder full of information on Axel\'s family. Meanwhile, Eyal meets with Menachem and tells him that they can easily take the grandfather and bring him to Israel to be tried for his war crimes. Menachem reveals that they are the only two on this mission, and the aim is to kill the grandfather. Eyal is clearly conflicted, but takes the case of poisons that Menachem gives him. Eyal arrives at Axel\'s house and enters the grandfather\'s room, unbeknownst to all but Axel. Axel sneaks up behind Eyal and watches as he fills a syringe with poison, doing nothing to intervene. Ultimately, though, Eyal is unable to fulfill the task. He leaves, and Axel tenderly caresses his grandfather\'s face before turning off his oxygen tank, killing him. He goes to Eyal\'s room, where Eyal tells him that the suicide note his wife wrote told him that he kills everything that comes near him. Eyal says that he doesn\'t want to kill anymore and breaks down in Axel\'s arms. The story jumps ahead 2 years. Eyal and Pia are married with a child named Tom and living on the Kibbutz. Eyal and Axel remain good friends.'] ['A teenage schoolgirl spends the summer with a couple whose marriage is on the rocks and develops a crush on the wife. Meanwhile, she pursues a local teenage boy and tries to find a “suitable male lover” for the wife.http://filmfanatic.org/reviews/?p=133 Although Bilitis can be best described as a coming of age film, the title character, Bilitis, ends up returning to school at the end of the film realizing she is not yet ready for adulthood.'] ['Sandusky, Ohio, 1984: Eric Hunter is a Eurythmics-obsessed, musically driven teenager coming to terms with his sexual identity. When Eric and his best friend, Maggie, accept summer jobs in food service at the local amusement park, they befriend their lesbian manager, Angie, and a gay college student named Rod. Sparks fly between the two boys, even as Maggie waits patiently in the wings for Eric\'s affections. Eric and Rod eventually go on a date, but then Rod promptly heads back to Ohio State. The encounter leaves Eric to have mixed feelings, but he is now more sure of his sexuality. After beginning his senior year of high school, Eric starts to change up his appearance by letting Maggie dye the top half of his hair blonde, and wearing more effeminate clothes. This raises eyebrows with his loving parents, but Eric learns that his mom is going to get a job to help send him to study music in New York. While at a party with Maggie, several guys from their school call Eric gay slurs that cause him to leave. Later that night, Eric ventures out to the local gay disco "The Universal", a hopping joint run by none other than his old boss, Angie, who tells him not to worry about what everyone else thinks. He dances with a guy who takes him out to his car where the guy gives Eric a rim job, but then leaves shortly afterwards. Stung by a meaningless sexual experience, he calls Rod, who at first seems happy to hear from him, but them tells Eric that he probably shouldn\'t call him anymore. Eric then goes to Maggie\'s house where he finally tells her that he is gay. Maggie does not seem to be that surprised since she suspected Eric\'s relationship with Rod, but she comforts him nevertheless. Eric starts visiting the bar frequently, where he feels accepted by Angie and her close circle of friends. While waiting to meet up with Maggie one night, Eric clicks with a local college student named Jonathan. When Maggie finally comes to the club, she is heckled by Angie\'s friends for being Eric\'s "fag hag", and leaves. He follows Maggie, but she is really upset at Eric for previously leading her on. Eric goes back to the club to find Jonathan, only to discover that he is already gone. He goes to the Ohio State dorms in hopes of finding him, but decides to find Rod instead. They go back to Rod\'s room where they end up having sex for the first time. Eric is shown to be uncomfortable during it, and leaves after Rod falls asleep. When Eric goes home, he is ambushed by his mother, Bonnie, about his recent behavior and appearance, and says that people are getting the wrong idea about him. Eric leaves, and goes to see Angie. While at her house, Angie explains to Eric that it\'s difficult to accept yourself for who you really are, and that he should give himself some time. He reconciles with Maggie in order to have a normal heterosexual relationship, but quickly realizes that it was a mistake after sleeping together. Crestfallen at his rejection and his willingness to toy with her affections, Maggie ends the friendship. After she leaves, Eric\'s mother confronts him about a pair of matches she found in his clothes that were from the bar. He quickly denies ever going to the Universal, and leaves. When Eric finally comes home, he finds his mother playing on the piano. He comes out to her; feeling a weight being lifted off his shoulders. The film ends with Eric going back to the bar just as Angie begins to sing.'] ["The story involves an unusual love triangle: a straight gigolo , his lesbian best friend , and her former lover, an attractive bisexual woman . Lynch is desperate to win Fenn back and Baldwin volunteers to break Fenn's heart to convince her that heterosexual relationships are inferior to lesbian ones. The hope is that the disaster will cause her to return to Lynch. Neither counts on Baldwin having feelings for Fenn nor expects her to discover the trick."] ['After entering a local "drag queen of the year" contest in New York City, Noxeema Jackson  and Vida Boheme  win a trip to Hollywood to take part in an even bigger, national drag queen contest. Before they depart, Vida persuades Noxeema to take along the inexperienced \'drag princess\' Chi-Chi Rodriguez  as their protégé . To do this, they trade in their airplane tickets for cash and buy a stylish but old Cadillac convertible with money given to them by John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt . The three of them set off for Los Angeles by car, carrying with them an iconic photo of Julie Newmar  that Vida purloined from a restaurant wall. While on the road they are pulled over by the racist, homophobic Sheriff Dollard , who tries to force himself onto Vida. He discovers Vida is not biologically female and, in the commotion, Dollard falls backwards and is knocked unconscious. The trio think he is dead, and they hurry off and leave him behind. As they recover from the incident at a rest stop, their car breaks down. A young man, Bobby Ray  from the nearby small town of Snydersville, happens by and gives them a ride, where they take refuge in a bed and breakfast owned by Carol Ann  and her abusive car repairman husband, Virgil . The drag queens become stranded in the town for the weekend as they wait for the replacement part for their car to arrive. While there, they are confronted by the town\'s small-mindedness, though it focuses not on their Genderqueer identities, but rather on their status as females, which addresses the social difficulties faced by those who are not white heterosexual males. Chi-Chi is harassed by a group of roughnecks, but is saved by Bobby Ray. The drag queens are ecstatic to find vintage fashions from the 1960s in the town\'s clothing store and give the town\'s female residents  a make-over. Following their make-over, the group is abused by the same roughnecks that attempted to attack Chi-Chi. Fed up, Noxeema handles the situation in a typically New York manner and teaches their ringleader a lesson in manners. Vida, Noxeema, and Chi-Chi do what they can to be positive, and they set out to improve the lives of the townspeople, including offering assistance in organizing the annual "Strawberry Social" event. Meanwhile, Sheriff Dollard is ridiculed by his colleagues, who believe he was beat up by a girl. He goes in search of the drag queens. Vida, meanwhile, becomes acutely aware of Carol Ann\'s abuse at the hands of her husband Virgil and, shortly thereafter, the three queens overhear Virgil giving Carol Ann another beating. Vida decides to intervene and beats up Virgil before throwing him out of the house. The next day, Virgil runs into Sheriff Dollard at a bar and the two realize that the newcomers to town are the same people Dollard has been searching for. They head back to Snydersville, and Dollard demands that the townspeople turn over the drag queens. However, the townspeople, who now realize the biological gender of their new friends, begin to protect them. One by one they step up and confront Dollard, each one claiming to be a drag queen (in similar fashion as in the film [[Spartacus . Dollard is humiliated and flees. The Strawberry Social commences with everyone dressed in vibrant red outfits for the party. Shortly after, Carol Ann repairs their car and the three queens are finally able to leave Snydersville, though they are now slightly saddened to leave behind their new friends. Carol Ann reveals to Vida that she knew Vida was a drag queen all along due to her Adam\'s Apple, which cisgender women do not have. In honor of their friendship, Vida gives Carol Ann the photo of Julie Newmar that has accompanied the queens on their trip. The trio eventually makes it to Los Angeles where Chi-Chi, after having received many tips from Vida and Noxeema during their ordeal, wins the title of Drag Queen of the Year. Fittingly, the crown is presented by Julie Newmar herself.'] ['The story opens in the 1950s, after the Korean War; it has been more than a decade since James Whale, director of Frankenstein and Bride of Frankenstein, has retired. He lives with his long-time housemaid, Hanna, who loyally cares for him but disapproves of his homosexuality. Whale has suffered a series of strokes that have left him fragile and tormented by memories: growing up as a poor outcast, his tragic World War I service, and the filming of The Bride of Frankenstein. Whale slips into his past, and indulges in his fantasies, reminiscing about gay pool parties and also tormenting a starstruck fan who comes to interview him. Whale battles depression, at times contemplating suicide, as he realizes his life, his attractiveness, and his health are slipping away. Whale befriends his young, handsome gardener and former Marine, Clayton Boone and the two begin a sometimes uneasy friendship as Boone poses for Whale\'s sketches. The two men bond while discussing their lives and dealing with Whale\'s spells of disorientation and weakness from the strokes. Boone, impressed with Whale\'s fame, watches The Bride of Frankenstein on TV as his friends mock the movie, his friendship with Whale, and Whale\'s intentions. Boone assures Whale that he is straight and receives assurance from Whale that there is no sexual interest, but Boone storms out when Whale graphically discusses his sexual history. Boone later returns with the agreement that no such "locker room" discussions occur again. Boone is invited to escort Whale to a party hosted by George Cukor for Princess Margaret. There, a photo op has been arranged for Whale with "his Monsters": Boris Karloff and Elsa Lanchester from "ancient" movie fame. This event exacerbates his depression. A sudden rain storm becomes an excuse to leave. Back at Whale\'s home, Boone needs a dry change of clothes. Whale can only find a sweater, so Boone wears a towel wrapped around his waist. Whale decides to try to sketch Boone one more time. After some minutes, he shows his sketches to Boone, disclosing that he has lost his ability to draw. Boone drops his towel to pose nude. Whale uses the opportunity to make a sexual advance on Boone. Boone becomes enraged and attacks Whale, who confesses that this had been his plan and begs Boone to kill him to relieve him of his suffering. Boone refuses, puts Whale to bed, then sleeps downstairs. The next morning, Hanna is alarmed when she can\'t find Whale, prompting a search by Boone and Hanna. Boone finds Whale floating dead in the pool, as a distraught Hanna runs out clutching a suicide note. Boone and Hanna agree that Boone should disappear from the scene to avoid a scandal. The film closes roughly a decade later as Boone and his young son, Michael, watch The Bride of Frankenstein on television. The son is skeptical of the claim that his father knew Whale, but Clayton produces a sketch of the Frankenstein monster drawn by Whale, and signed, "To Clayton. Friend?" "Friend?", being a plea from the original misfit, Frankenstein\'s monster, and disclosing Whale\'s true intentions.'] ['Maggie  has recently moved out on her own, and has started a relationship with another woman, Kim . However, Maggie\'s mother Lila  and brother, who are forced to move into her loft sublet with her, are unaware that she is a lesbian. Maggie\'s freedom is compromised, and she believes she must keep her blossoming affair a secret. However, the clandestine romance introduces Maggie\'s family to a host of new experiences, many of which are "better than chocolate". The cast also includes Ann-Marie MacDonald as Frances, the owner of a lesbian bookstore where Maggie works, and Peter Outerbridge as Judy, a trans woman with a crush on Frances.'] ['Main cast"wikitable" ! Actor ! Role |- | Yoshikazu Kotani|| Kairo Aoi |- | Atsumi Kanno || Sora Amakami |- | Yuuki Kawakubo || Ichiyō Mizuki |- | Kazunori Tani || Riku Hanazono |- |}  {{Main}} The story has been adapted into a manga by shōjo manga artist, Kaim Tachibana. The manga is also entitled Boys Love.'] ['Sixteen-year-old Tru has been raised in San Francisco by two lesbian mothers and two gay fathers. When one of her mothers gets a well-paid job in a multi-cultural but more conservative suburb in Southern California, Tru and her mothers relocate. When Tru first starts at her new school, teachers welcome her but a group of male football jocks and their female friends bully her and say she looks like a "dyke." One of the footballers, Lodell, changes his mind about her and they start dating, but the relationship never becomes sexual. When they attend The Marvelous Wonderettes musical, Lodell flirts with a man. Tru\'s fathers suggest that Lodell is gay, and when Tru questions him he finally, reluctantly admits that he is a closeted homosexual. She tells him that she "doesn\'t want to be his Katie Holmes" but agrees to be his beard so he can continue to be accepted at school. Tru begins to spend time with Lodell\'s best friend, fellow footballer Manuel, but when he bullies openly-gay classmate Walter, Tru defends Walter and they become friends. They try to establish a Gay Straight Alliance and although a conservative teacher and a closeted English teacher refuse to support the group, the school drama teacher agrees to be the faculty sponsor. The first meeting is successful, with several people attending a long discussion on same-sex marriage in California, but during football practice at the same time, the coach calls the players "ladies," rants that "kids can\'t even say prayers in class, but the fags...get their own club!" He then asks his team if they want to "put a little muscles into these plays or go meet [their] boyfriends at the Gay Scouts of America," to which they answer that they want to "play ball." At the end of the Gay Straight Alliance meeting Tru meets a gay-rights supporter, hipster-geek senior Trevor. She initially thinks he\'s gay, but they quickly form an intimate relationship. Trevor, raised by his uncle, a gay fiction author, is open-minded about Tru\'s family arrangement. Later, Tru discovers that Lodell and Walter are sexually involved, and she ends her faux-relationship with Lodell. When Lodell and his teammates destroy a Gay Straight Alliance banner, Trevor sends out a mass coming out e-mail from Lodell\'s account. Tru is upset by this but eventually forgives him. Tru\'s mothers have a small backyard commitment ceremony attended by teachers and other locals. Lodell arrives to announce that he has left another faux-relationship, and he has the opportunity to reconcile with Walter and meet David Kopay. Manuel arrives with his football coach and punches Lodell for not revealing his sexuality. He refuses to accept homosexuality, but promises to continue being a friend to Lodell. Lodell performs a self-penned song, the school principical dances with Trevor\'s uncle, and the closeted English teacher is advised by friend and fellow teacher Ms. Maple  to be open about his sexuality. In the short final scene, Lodell comes out to his mother and grandmother and introduces Walter as his boyfriend.'] ['The film tells the story of Orton and Halliwell in flashback, framed by sequences of Lahr researching the book upon which the film is based with Orton\'s literary agent, Peggy Ramsay. Orton and Halliwell\'s relationship is traced from its beginnings at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts. Orton starts out as the uneducated youth to Halliwell\'s older faux-sophisticate. As the relationship progresses, however, Orton grows increasingly confident in his talent while Halliwell\'s writing stagnates. They fall into a parody of a traditional married couple, with Orton as the "husband" and Halliwell as the long-suffering and increasingly ignored "wife" . Orton is commissioned to write a screenplay for The Beatles and Halliwell gets carried away in preparing for a meeting with the "Fab Four", but in the end Orton is taken away for a meeting on his own. Finally, a despondent Halliwell kills Orton and commits suicide.'] ['In 1922, 18-year-old Salvador Dalí  arrives at university in Madrid. The Residencia de Estudiantes, or Students\' Residence, is a modern environment which encourages Spain\'s brightest young minds. Salvador, who is determined to become a great artist, soon catches the attention of the Resi\'s social elite — poet Federico García Lorca  and aspiring filmmaker Luis Buñuel . Together they form the nucleus of the most modern group in Madrid. Their private lives become increasingly complex as Federico ignores the advances of devoted friend and writer Magdalena , and Salvador himself feels the pull of García Lorca\'s magnetism. Luis, becoming increasingly isolated by the duo\'s closeness, decides to move to Paris to fulfil his own artistic ambitions. Meanwhile, Salvador and Federico leave Madrid to spend the summer at the seaside village of Cadaques, at the home of Dalí\'s family. Federico finds himself acceptedAccording to Ian Gibson, Lorca was "utterly at home with his hosts and by now hopelessly involved with Salvador" into the Dalí family as he and Salvador grow closer until, one night, their friendship becomes romantic.http://www.ariafilms.co.uk/projects/LittleAshes.pdf Even as they draw closer, their relationship appears doomed. Luis visits them at university and becomes more suspicious and appalled by their apparent closeness. Dalí finds García Lorca\'s obsession with him more than he is prepared to handle and moves to Paris. Consumed by the high society and decadence, Dalí is soon entangled with Gala , a married woman with a penchant for celebrities. When García Lorca visits, he finds his friend is a changed man, in his life and his politics.'] ["In the movie, Lan Yu , played by Liu Ye, a poor architecture student from northern China desperately needed money.  It is the late 1980s. Meeting an acquaintance, Li Zheng , who suggested to Lan Yu that the youth turn to prostitution, supposedly for one night only, to remedy his financial situation. Naively, Lan Yu agreed. That night, he arrived at Li’s bar and pool hall to meet his John. While there, Li introduced him to a successful businessman and international trader named Chen Handong .  Lan Yu is evidently smitten for he left with the older man rather than the man he was to meet. The night they spent together was not only a sexual, but also an emotional awakening, for the boy. While Lan Yu immediately fell in love with Chen Handong, the older man, who was very closeted, wanted no emotional relationship, only sex. He tried his best to avoid any attachment whatsoever with the youth, instead he showered Lan Yu with money and expensive gifts. His efforts to turn Lan Yu’s love for him into a dependent, loveless relationship failed until Lan Yu discovered Chen in the middle of the seduction of a young college athlete. Crushed, Lan Yu left Chen's apartment. They would not meet again until June 4, 1989, when Chen went looking for Lan Yu, fearing for the youth's safety amid the army’s Tiananmen Square crackdown. Finding Lan Yu disheveled and distraught, the incident reunited the two and opened a new chapter in their relationship. Although Chen Handong still could not commit totally to Lan Yu, he now gave the youth time and attention as well as money, a car, and an expensive villa in the Beijing suburbs. None of the material things were what Lan Yu really wanted although he now accepted them. Chen now lived, somewhat surreptitiously, with Lan Yu and that was all that mattered to the latter. Unfortunately, Chen Handong, being the only son of a top government bureaucrat, was under increasing pressure to marry. After a whirlwind courtship, Chen Handong married Jingping , a translator who helped him negotiate a successful business deal with the Russians. Upon this marriage, Lan Yu moved out of the villa  and Chen Handong and he lost all contact. Shortly thereafter, Chen Handong and Jingping divorced. A chance meeting at the airport and Lan Yu’s invitation to a home-cooked meal reunited the pair. Finally, Chen Handong reciprocated the love and commitment Lan Yu had so freely given and the two were truly a couple. But, Chen Handong’s company, perhaps because of the Russian deal, had aroused government suspicion. An investigation of charges of smuggling and money-laundering started. With his father dead and no longer able to protect him, Chen Handong faced a long prison term, if not execution. Lan Yu took his savings and the proceeds of the sale of his villa and all of Chen’s other gifts and raised enough funds to get Chen Handong out of legal and financial trouble. Unfortunately, just as he realized that the younger man was truly his beloved and his destiny, Lan Yu is killed in a traffic accident. Three years later, Chen Handong is still grief-stricken and that is how the film begins with his thinking back on the past and what might have been."] ['Luke is a restless and reckless drifter and Jon is a relatively timid and pessimistic movie critic. Both are gay and HIV positive. After an unconventional meeting, and after Luke kills a homophobic police officer, they go on a road trip with the motto "Fuck everything."'] ['After getting dumped by his girlfriend Tiffani von der Sloot , University of Arizona student Caleb Peterson  commiserates with his roommate Kyle , who notes that while he has trouble getting the men he wants, he could get any woman because he\'s gay. Later at a party, Gwen Anderson  dumps her boyfriend after he comes out to her. Caleb sees her and becomes infatuated and meets Marc Everhard , with whom Kyle is infatuated. Marc, meanwhile, sees Caleb and is instantly attracted. Kyle comes up with a crazy scheme. He tells Gwen that Caleb is gay so she\'ll set him up with Marc. Kyle figures that Caleb can use Marc to get to Gwen, while Kyle uses Caleb to get to Marc. Also, Tiffani lives next door to Gwen and Marc so seeing Caleb date Marc would make her crazy. Caleb and Marc go out on a date then go back to Marc\'s place to watch a movie. Marc tries to put the moves on Caleb, who\'s unresponsive. Suddenly Gwen, who\'s stuck at a friend\'s house and bored, calls. She talks to Caleb, relaxing and seducing him verbally while Marc takes advantage by performing oral sex on him. Gwen hangs up to come home and Marc masturbates next to Caleb. Caleb, feeling confused and insecure, leaves. He passes Gwen on her way home and she seduces him again, this time physically. Caleb goes home and goes to bed. The next morning, Marc calls Caleb and leaves a message. Kyle overhears it and realizes that Marc and Caleb had sex. As Kyle storms into his room, Marc calls back. After the call Caleb goes to Kyle and tells him he\'s invited Gwen and Marc to dinner to clear everything up. Caleb also tells Kyle that he knows Kyle has feelings for him and that, if Caleb were at all gay, he\'d love Kyle. Gwen and Marc come over for dinner and Caleb is chagrined to see that Kyle\'s invited Caleb\'s family as well. Kyle convinces Gwen to "pretend" to be Caleb\'s date and Marc to "pretend" to be his. Dinner is going well, if a little awkwardly, until Tiffani inexplicably crashes the party. Gwen takes it upon herself to out Caleb to his parents . His parents take it quite well and everyone ends up in a bizarre group hug. After Caleb\'s family and Tiffani leave, Gwen verbally attacks Kyle, thinking he\'s trying to steal Marc from Caleb. Caleb convinces Marc to talk to Kyle and Gwen figures out the entire scheme, which she thinks is the sweetest thing anyone\'s ever done for her in light of the lengths to which Caleb went to sleep with her. Marc goes to talk to Kyle and tells Kyle that he loved him all along . In a post-credits scene, Marc and Kyle finally get together.'] ['A young woman called Mickey  reads a poem to an audience at a bar. When she leaves, she gets into an unseen person\'s car. Jill Fitzpatrick  is a former police officer and a private detective who investigates missing persons. She gets a job to look for Mickey, who has been missing for two weeks. Jill goes to Mickey\'s university and meets her poetry professor, Diana . Jill is quickly attracted to Diana, who is married. They meet several times for coffee, not always talking about Mickey, and go out for a drink. They eventually sleep together. Jill hears from Mickey\'s parents that Mickey\'s body has been found. They want Jill to continue investigating because the police are "no help". Jill continues working but is distracted by her affair with Diana. One day Diana\'s husband catches them together, but he is not bothered. Jill\'s friend Lou introduces her to the poet community. She meets two poets, Bill and Tony, both of whom are older men who were having sexual relationships with Mickey. Neither want to talk to Jill. Jill reads some of Mickey\'s poems that were written about Bill. Sexually explicit, Diana calls them "victim poetry" and calls Mickey a "nympho". Jill starts receiving threatening telephone messages from someone with their voice disguised. Mickey\'s flatmate gives Jill a video taken of Mickey in the bar the night she went missing. One night Diana chokes Jill during sex to achieve erotic asphyxiation. Later Diana asks her if she enjoyed it. Jill says she cannot remember. Jill meets Bill who tells her that Mickey "broke" him and made him write filth. He says he has evidence connected to the case and will come to Jill\'s house with it. On his way to her house, Bill\'s car explodes and he dies. Jill tells Diana that Bill had told her about some "evil" poems Mickey had written. Diana says they must track them down. Jill begins to wonder who else was in Mickey\'s life and asks Diana if Mickey ever wrote poems for her. Diana says she does not know, but that Mickey was straight, that other women were just competition to her. Jill gets upset that Diana seems unconcerned by Mickey\'s death, and leaves. She goes to Brisbane to meet the poet Tony. He tells her that Mickey kept a diary, that she handed it in to Diana as a poetry assignment. Later, Jill breaks into Diana\'s office but the diary is gone. She now knows that Diana has lied to her. Tony\'s wife Barbara comes to see Jill. She tells her that Diana tampered with Bill\'s car and that Diana has been seeing Tony for months and is crazy about him. She told Tony that Jill seduced her. Jill goes home to find it broken into. The video of Mickey has been destroyed. Jill finds the copy of the tape she made and watches it. She sees Diana on the tape, talking to Mickey. She then sees Mickey leave the bar with Diana and her husband. Jill meets Diana\'s husband Nick. She asks him if he loves Diana. He says yes, and that Jill does too. He flirts with her and they begin to have sex. He puts his hand on her throat and she asks him if he killed Mickey. He tells her he did, and that Diana was there. It was a sex game that went wrong. Jill takes her evidence to the police. She meets Diana who tells her that if she tells anyone what she knows, they will sue her. Meanwhile, the police look at the evidence and listen to an audio tape Jill took of Nick confessing.'] ["Set on the bleak motorways of Lancashire, Butterfly Kiss tells the story of Eunice , a lesbian serial killer, and Miriam , a naive, innocent and lonely young girl who falls under her spell. Miriam runs away from home and meets Eunice, who soon completely dominates her, leading her into sex and murder. At a truckstop, Eunice first offers the unwilling Miriam to a trucker for sex, then rescues her in mid-rape by murdering the driver. When the hitchhiking duo are picked up by another licentious male, Miriam returns to their motel room to find Eunice and their benefactor having rough sex in the shower. Mistaking the consensual sex with the rape from which Eunice earlier rescued her, Miriam returns the favor by beating their benefactor to death with the hand-held showerhead, to Eunice's delight. Eunice finally brings Miriam to the ocean, where she has Miriam assist her in a watery suicide. Miriam is arrested and ends up in an insane asylum, still innocently unaware of the gravity of her offenses."] ["Angie , and Helen , are in love and they live and work together - they design women's clothes and run their own fashion business in Vancouver. Helen wants to be a mother. Angie loves Helen and if Helen can't feel fulfilled without a child she is willing for them to become parents."] ['Hank , a trucker, turns out new hire Joe on a long haul to the West Coast. The men masturbate together while on the road and participate in an all-male orgy at a truckers\' bunkhouse in Los Angeles. The film features several trucking related double-entendres such as "wide load", "heavy load" and "men at work".{{sfn}}'] ["Claire of the Moon is set in the 1990s in the Pacific Northwest. Claire Jabrowski , a famous heterosexual author, decides to attend a retreat for all-female writers. Claire's roommate at the retreat is Dr. Noel Benedict, author of a book called The Naked Truth. The movie culminates in a sexual encounter between the two authors.<ref nameA Therapist And a Satirist Fall in Love |url9F0CE3DD1F3DF935A25757C0A965958260 |lastJanet |authorlinkThe New York Times |date2007-02-09 }}"] ["Young and handsome Sergio  works the night shift as a trash collector in Lisbon. He is uninterested in his pretty female co-worker Fatima, who displays an avid interest in him, so instead Sergio roams the city. Eventually Sergio becomes fascinated with a sleek motorcycle and its arrogant owner - a young man totally indifferent to Sergio. Sergio's surfacing desires unleash his darkest impulses, sending him down a dangerous path of violence, depravity, and degradation."] ['The film is about a gay couple, Jørgen and Jacob, who live in a happy partnership. One day Jacob asks Jørgen to marry him, and he happily accepts. But then Jacob falls in love with the woman Caroline, who happens to be married to Tom - Jørgens brother! Jacob is torn, because he wants both Jørgen and Caroline. When he gets Caroline pregnant, he decides to marry her, but in the church, just before the "I do", he changes his mind.'] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ['Seventeen-year-old Megan  is a sunny high school senior who loves cheerleading and is dating football player Jared . She does not enjoy kissing Jared, however, and prefers looking at her fellow cheerleaders. Combined with Megan\'s interest in vegetarianism and Melissa Etheridge, her family and friends suspect that Megan is in fact a lesbian. With the help of ex-gay Mike , they surprise her with an intervention. Following this confrontation, Megan is sent to True Directions, a reparative therapy camp which uses a five-step program  to convert its campers to heterosexuality. At True Directions, Megan meets the founder, strict disciplinarian Mary Brown , Mary\'s supposedly heterosexual son Rock ,In A Critical Introduction to Queer Theory, Nikki Sullivan calls Rock "overtly homosexual" and says that Mary\'s desire to cure her son of homosexuality is the inspiration for the True Directions program. <ref name"nb" and a group of young people trying to "cure" themselves of their homosexuality. With the prompting of Mary and the other campers, Megan reluctantly agrees that she is a lesbian. This fact, at odds with her traditional, religious upbringing, distresses her and she puts every effort into becoming heterosexual. Early on in her stay at True Directions, Megan discovers two of the boys, Dolph and Clayton , making out. She panics and screams, leading to their discovery by Mike. Dolph is made to leave and Clayton is punished by being forced into isolation. The True Directions program involves the campers admitting their homosexuality, rediscovering their gender identity by performing stereotypically gender-associated tasks, finding the root of their homosexuality, demystifying the opposite sex, and simulating heterosexual intercourse. Over the course of the program, Megan becomes friends with another girl at the camp, a college student named Graham  who, though more comfortable being gay than Megan, was forced to the camp at the risk of otherwise being disowned by her family. The True Directions kids are encouraged to rebel against Mary by two of her former students, ex-ex-gays Larry and Lloyd , who take the campers to a local gay bar where Graham and Megan\'s relationship develops into a romance. When Mary discovers the trip, she makes them all picket Larry and Lloyd\'s house, carrying placards and shouting homophobic abuse. Megan and Graham sneak away one night to have sex and begin to fall in love. When Mary finds out, Megan, now at ease with her sexual identity, is unrepentant. She is made to leave True Directions and, now homeless, goes to stay with Larry and Lloyd. Graham, afraid to defy her father, remains at the camp. Megan and Dolph, who is also living with Larry and Lloyd, plan to win back Graham and Clayton. Megan and Dolph infiltrate the True Directions graduation ceremony where Dolph easily coaxes Clayton away. Megan entreats Graham to join them as well, but Graham nervously declines. Megan then performs a cheer for Graham and tells her that she loves her, finally winning Graham over. They drive off with Dolph and Clayton. The final scene of the film shows Megan\'s parents  attending a PFLAG meeting to come to terms with their daughter\'s homosexuality.'] ['{{Plot}} Zac was born on Christmas 1960. At his request, his mother, Laurianne, bought him a baby carriage at age 6, but his father, Gervais, made her return it, telling her it would "turn him into a fairy." Zac brags about Gervais to his classmates, adding "For a few precious years, I was his favorite." He describes his three older brothers as “morons” and Raymond as his “sworn enemy”. When the family\'s fifth son, Yvan, is born, Laurianne lets Zac push Yvan\'s stroller around the block. On Christmas 1967, Gervais comes home to find Zac wearing his mother\'s clothes and jewelry and talking to baby Yvan as his mother. Gervais finds his favorite Patsy Cline record, an imported collector\'s edition featuring the song “Crazy”, smashed into pieces; Zac confesses it was an accident. Gervais confides in his wife that Zac has "changed" and "dresses like a girl”. Laurianne says he is “gentle”. Overhearing them, Zac prays not to be "soft". Laurianne takes him to see "the Tupperware lady," who convinces Laurianne of Zac’s gift for healing people. In 1975 Zac, his cousin Brigitte, and her boyfriend Paul smoke a joint together, and a "shotgun" sparks Zac’s sexual attraction to Paul. Later, Michelle, Zac\'s friend, tries to kiss him, but Zac urges her to stop before she ruins their friendship. Disappointed to learn Brigitte has a new Italian boyfriend, still haunted by the memory of Paul, and hoping to cure his asthma, Zac deliberately runs a red light on his motorcycle. He is struck by a car and hospitalized. Zac later learns Brigitte is back with Paul. Toto, one of Zac\'s classmates, makes a sexual advance toward Zac and begins to follow him. Zac begins a sexual relationship with Michelle, but one day while the two are in the park, he notices Toto watching and later beats up Toto at school. Zac\'s relationship with Michelle causes his father to ease off. However, Gervais sees Zac and Toto stepping out of his car as Zac adjusts his crotch. Gervais angrily confronts him, saying what he did was wrong. Gervais tells Laurianne that homosexuality is learned and unnatural and determines to strip Zac of it through therapy. Zac tells the therapist that he and Toto masturbated together in the car but did not touch each other. The therapist says that Zac intentionally, albeit subconsciously, did it so his father would catch him and accept Zac\'s homosexuality. At Christmas dinner in 1980, Zac and Michelle\'s relationship has become closer and more physical. Christian announces his engagement. Raymond moves back in with his parents, constantly borrowing money, not returning it, and lying to his parents about staying clean. Outside Christian\'s wedding reception, Zac and Paul are viewed by a passer-by who mistakenly believes they are kissing and informs another guest. Gervais overhears, and confronts Zac, and Zac confesses that he and Paul were giving each other shotguns. Gervais does not believe him. Zac yells, “Yeah, something happened, but not with him! You know with who. Nothing happened earlier, but I would\'ve fucking loved it if something had!" A sobbing, eavesdropping Michelle runs out of hiding. Zac flies to Jerusalem. Disgusted with himself after a gay sexual escapade, he walks into the desert and collapses in exhaustion. At the same time in Quebec, his mother awakens, splashing water on her face while Zac lies in the desert. A Bedouin, who has found Zac, is dripping water on Zac\'s face and takes Zac into his care. Zac returns home to find Raymond has been hospitalized after a heroin overdose. Gervais admits partial blame for Raymond and Zac\'s troubles but also admits an inability to accept Zac\'s homosexuality. Zac makes amends with Michelle. Raymond dies. After the funeral, "Crazy" plays as the brothers say goodbye to their parents, each seeming surprised to receive a hug from Gervais, Zac’s especially emotional. At the end of the movie, Zac narrates, "I don\'t know if it was Raymond\'s passing, or if time heals all wounds, but my father had become my father once more. Although, it took him 10 years to allow me into his home with a lover, and we\'ve never mentioned our differences since nor Patsy Cline.”'] ["Alex  is a 15-year-old intersex person, with both male and female genitals, who has been living as a girl and using medicines to suppress masculine features, such as a beard, and to attempt to have more feminine features. However, recently Alex has stopped taking her medication. Alex's parents moved with her from Argentina to a village by the sea in Uruguay, to avoid society's negative stigma. Her father, Néstor Kraken , is a marine biologist who has written a book on sexuality and makes a living treating wounded animals found by fishermen. Her mother, Suli , invites friends from Argentina: a surgeon, his wife and teenage son Álvaro . The purpose, unknown to Néstor and Alex, is to discuss the possibilities of a gender reassignment operation. Alex directly tells Álvaro that she would like to have sex with him. Alex seduces Álvaro and begins to have anal intercourse with him , but they are interrupted when Néstor catches sight of them through an open door. When Alex later apologizes, Álvaro admits that he liked it. Three boys from the village forcibly pull down Alex's pants to see her genitals. Néstor realizes that reporting this to the police would cause the whole village to know about Alex's condition. However, Alex decides that it does not matter. Alex also decides that she does not want to resume taking medicines or have an operation."] ['Twenty-eight-year-old Jessica Stein, a Jewish copyeditor living and working in New York City, is plagued by failed blind dates with men, and decides to answer a newspaper\'s personal advertisement containing a quote from Rilke that she had read and admired earlier. The advertisement has been placed by Helen Cooper, a thirtysomething bisexual art gallerist who is seeking a lesbian relationship to replace her unsatisfying and meaningless sex with men. Given some of the men Jessica is shown to be test-dating at the start of the film, ranging from borderline gay to nerd, some would probably say that it\'s no surprise she\'d want to fan out her prospects a little. As nervous as Jessica is about dating Helen, she realizes after a surprise kiss that even a different experience can be good. Through the early part of their relationship, Jessica finds in Helen everything she\'d dreamed of finding in a man. They are compatible, they like many of the same things, and they are caring for one another. Even when Helen gets sick&mdash;which she says earlier in the film never happens to her&mdash;Jessica is there to care for her. The only predicament for the relationship is Jessica\'s nervousness concerning same-sex intimacy. Over the early weeks of their relationship, she and Helen slowly work on building up her confidence in this area by gradually extended make-out sessions. Eventually, they graduate to full intimacy, which is initiated by Jessica during an over night stay at her parents\' home in Scarsdale. In spite of Jessica\'s happiness with Helen, she keeps the relationship secret. Jessica\'s secrecy means that she has to endure scenes that would not happen had she been open about the two of them. One example occurs during a dinner to celebrate her brother\'s engagement. Her mother had invited an IBM executive in hopes of setting him up with Jessica. Helen and Jessica later get into a quarrel about Jessica\'s refusal to inform her family of their relationship, resulting in an apparent breakup. It isn\'t until later, as her brother\'s wedding approaches, that her mother figures out that they are dating. Her mother reminds Jessica of when she was little and had been given the lead in the school play, but after the first rehearsal, Jessica had deemed her co-star not to be up to the task. She quit the play because she thought the play wouldn\'t be "the best ever." Her mother says that she worries about Jessica having this attitude towards life, and that sometimes she thinks back to that night and thinks that if Jessica went on, maybe it wouldn\'t have been the best, but it might have been pretty good&mdash;and who knows, maybe it would have been the best ever. She then tells Jessica that she thinks Helen "is a very nice girl." This acceptance on her mother\'s part gives Jessica the confidence to come out in the open with her relationship with Helen, and invites her as her guest to her brother\'s wedding. Helen quickly becomes popular with the other women at the reception, who don\'t seem to mind at all her lesbian relationship with Jessica. At the same time, Jessica gets a love confession from her ex-beau and current boss Josh, who declares he\'s had for a long time feelings for her. Jessica rejects him, explaining that she already has Helen. Jessica and Helen move in together, but their relationship, while good in most respects, begins to suffer from a lack of frequent sexual intimacy. Jessica\'s behavior towards Helen is more akin to that of a sister or friend rather than a sexual partner. The relationship ends amidst Jessica\'s tears and Helen\'s realization that she wants more than Jessica is willing to offer. After moving beyond the heartbreak, Jessica and Helen appear to remain friends, and it is suggested that Jessica might have now a renewed interest in Josh, after both have left the newspaper where they both previously worked.'] ["Social worker Nina Borowski  is a bright young woman living in a cozy Brooklyn apartment. Nina attends a party given by her stepsister Constance  and her husband, Sidney . There Nina meets George Hanson , a young, handsome, and gay first grade teacher. Nina tells George that her stepsister is constantly trying to fix her up with somebody from higher society, completely ignoring the fact that Nina has a boyfriend, Vince . During the conversation, Nina offers George a room in her apartment as she has just heard from his boyfriend, Dr. Robert Joley , that George is looking for somewhere to live. George, not knowing about Robert's plans, is taken aback and heartbroken, and after the party the two split up. George accepts Nina's offer and moves into her apartment. The two soon become best friends; they watch films together and go ballroom dancing. Everything is perfect until Nina announces that she is pregnant. Vince  wants to marry her, but his constant care drives Nina crazy; she leaves him and asks George to help her bring up her child. For some time, they live together in her apartment in Brooklyn. Everything is perfect again until Nina finds that her love for George is growing every day, especially after he tells her he had a girlfriend in high school, leading her to believe he might change his ways. One afternoon, George and Nina are about to have sex when George gets a phone call from Robert who tells him how much he has missed him and invites him away for the weekend. George is confused but agrees to go. Nina feels threatened and gets jealous. George and Robert do not get back together, but George meets Paul James , a young actor, and the two fall in love and have sex. Meanwhile, Nina is staying with Constance at a vacation mansion and is extremely moody. She has a horrible time and decides to head back home and asks George if he would return as well. She is mugged on the way back through the city, and then gets a ride home from a friendly police officer, Louis . Nina and George decide to invite Paul and his elderly acting mentor, Rodney, over for Thanksgiving. Paul stays the night and has sex with George, resulting in a fallout between George and Nina. The following day, they start arguing again at George's brother's wedding. Nina fully explains to George her feelings for him. George, who loves Nina as his best friend, tells her that he wants to be with Paul. A few hours later, Nina gives birth to a beautiful girl whom she names Molly. Vince comes to visit the hospital, ecstatic, but, soon after arriving, he leaves to fill out paperwork leaving Nina and George alone with Molly. Nina asks George when he plans to move out to which he replies that he doesn't know. She asks him to please move out of her apartment before she gets home from hospital, stating that it would hurt her too much to have him stay any longer knowing that he doesn't love her. The end of the film takes place at George's school eight years later, in which all of the characters go to see Molly in a musical production that George has directed. Nina is now in a relationship with Louis, and George is with Paul, both of them now happy. The film ends as Nina, George, and young Molly   walk together down the sidewalk, hand-in-hand, on their way to get coffee."] ['When the Fabre family move into their dream house with wonderful neighbors, everything seems perfect except for one thing - the youngest child Ludovic is a transgender girl; while she was born biologically male, she knows that she is a girl and wants to live as female. The rest of the family humor her as best they can, rationalizing that Ludovic is only trying to find her identity and will be over it soon. Trouble begins when Ludovic befriends Jérôme, the son of her father\'s boss, and expresses a desire to marry him when Ludovic is finally "not a boy." When visiting Jérôme\'s house, Ludovic enters his sister\'s room and puts on one of her dresses, not realizing that the sister is deceased and the room was merely kept in memory of her. Jérôme\'s mother sees this and she and the rest of the neighbors are horrified. The community turns against Ludovic and, by extension, the rest of the Fabre family. After Ludovic stands in as Snow White in a school play, the parents of the other students send in a petition to have her expelled. Ludovic\'s father, under strain as an employee of Jérôme\'s father, is unable to cope and causes conflict within the family. After a particularly bad argument, Ludovic attempts to mend the situation by hiding in a freezer to commit suicide. She is found in time and allowed to wear a skirt to a neighborhood party. While the other neighbors greet him warmly, the father gets fired the next day and finds his house spray painted with graffiti. Ludo runs out of the house saying she got her period. Hannah, Ludovic\'s mother, gets furious at Ludo for saying that. She blames Ludovic for everything that has gone wrong. Hannah wants to set Ludo straight so she cuts her hair to make her look like her brothers. Ludo hates her mother for doing this and wants to live with her grandmother. When Ludo and her grandmother go visit Ludo\'s parents one weekend, the father announces that he has a new job but it\'s out of town, and they have to move. At their new house, Ludovic is befriended by Christine "Chris" Delvigne, a female-to-male transgender boy. Chris\'s mother invites Ludovic to Chris\' dress-up birthday party, which she attends in a musketeer outfit. Chris, unhappy in his princess outfit, asks Ludo to swap and has her friends force Ludo to do so when she refuses. When Ludovic\'s mother sees her in the dress, she fears that their troubles are beginning again and lashes out by hitting her until the other party guests restrain her. She follows Ludovic to a billboard where she is shocked to see Ludovic in the picture, running away with a living Barbie-like doll named Pam. When she tries to follow, she falls through the ground and awakens at home. She and Ludovic\'s father assure Ludo that she may wear skirts if she wishes and she in turn assures her mother that she never really intended to run away with Pam.'] ['Elder Aaron Davis , a young Mormon from Pocatello, Idaho, is sent to Los Angeles with three other missionaries to spread the Mormon faith. They move into an apartment next to openly gay party boy Christian Markelli  and his roommate Julie, an aspiring singer. Christian and Julie work as waiters at Lila\'s, a trendy restaurant owned by retired actress Lila Montagne . Christian makes a bet with his co-workers that he can seduce one of the Mormons, and soon realizes that Aaron, the most inexperienced missionary, is a closeted homosexual. Aaron and Christian become acquainted after several encounters in the apartment complex. When Christian accidentally cuts himself on a metal hose reel and faints, Aaron helps him indoors and cleans his wound. Christian attempts to seduce Aaron, but the hesitant Mormon becomes upset by Christian\'s remark that sex "doesn\'t have to mean anything." Aaron accuses him of being shallow and walks out. Worried that Aaron is correct, Christian joins Project Angel Food, delivering meals to people with AIDS. Aaron\'s fellow missionary, Paul Ryder , has a cycling accident. Returning to his apartment, a distraught Aaron encounters Christian, who tries to comfort him with a hug. Both men are overwhelmed by their feelings and end up kissing, failing to notice the return of Aaron\'s roommates. Aaron is sent home in disgrace, leading Christian to confront Ryder, who is angry that Christian corrupted Aaron for no reason. Christian admits that he initially just wanted to win a bet, but says "it\'s not about that" anymore. Recognizing Christian\'s distress, Ryder tells him that Aaron\'s flight has a five hour layover in Salt Lake City. Christian finds Aaron standing in the snow outside the airport terminal. Christian confesses his love, and despite his misgivings, Aaron admits his own feelings of love. With all flights canceled due to a snowstorm, Christian and Aaron spend an intimate night in a motel. When Christian awakes, he finds Aaron gone. Aaron\'s pocketwatch, a family heirloom, has been left behind. Christian returns to Los Angeles. In Idaho, Aaron is excommunicated by the church elders, led by his own father, Farron , who is the stake president. Aaron is rejected by his father and scolded by his mother , who tells him that he needs to pray for forgiveness. When Aaron suggests that he might be gay, his mother slaps him. Overwhelmed by despair, Aaron attempts suicide. He is subsequently sent by his parents to a treatment facility to be cured of his homosexuality. Christian is desperate to find Aaron and locates his home address and phone number. Aaron\'s mother informs him that "Thanks to you, my son took a razor to his wrists; thanks to you I have lost my son." Believing that Aaron is dead, Christian spends the next few days thinking continually about Aaron. Julie discovers an entry about Christian\'s feelings in his cellphone journal and uses it as the basis for her new song. Christian travels to the Davis home in Idaho, where he tearfully returns Aaron\'s watch to his mother. During an encounter with Julie, she hesitantly shows him her new video, which upsets Christian, realizing that part of the lyrics came from his personal journal without his consent. Julie tells Christian that she hoped something good would come from it. In the treatment facility, Aaron hears a female voice singing and investigates. He discovers a music video playing on television, the song performed by Julie. The video prompts Aaron to return to Los Angeles in search of Christian. Upon arriving at Christian\'s apartment, Aaron is heartbroken when a stranger answers the door. Thinking that Christian has returned to his party boy ways and moved on, and having nowhere else to go, Aaron makes his way to Lila\'s restaurant, having befriended the owner while on missionary work after her life partner died. Christian is overjoyed to see Aaron alive, they reconcile and later celebrate Thanksgiving with Christian\'s co-workers. Lila tells everyone that, no matter what, they will always have "a place at my table, and a place in my heart".'] ["Jeff , lives with his widower father Harry Mitchell . Much of the movie is about Harry's over-eager support for his son, and his concerns that Jeff doesn't have a boyfriend. Harry meets an attractive but judgemental divorcee through a dating service, and this leads to some conflict between the two main characters. Halfway through, though, the story takes unexpected, darker turns and attains a new level of profundity, becoming a meditation on the enduring strength of love, both familial and romantic, in the face of adversity."] ['Maxi  is the chef and owner of a restaurant, Xantarella, who aspires to win a Michelin Star but is having financial difficulties. He helps Álex , a maître d’ who is desperately looking for a boyfriend. It has been a while since Maxi has come out of the closet and declared his homosexuality. Since then, he left behind his wife and his two children whom he hasn’t seen in the last seven years. His wife’s death leads to him to have to take care of his two estranged kids. Meanwhile, an Argentinian soccer player, Horacio , comes into Maxi and Alex’s lives and passes himself off as heterosexual when in reality he’s homosexual. The film develops from the love triangle formed between Maxi, Álex, and Horacio, Maxi’s responsibility to his kids, and the future of the restaurant.'] ['{{Expand section}} Joe comes out and goes to college. He finds himself one-third of a love triangle with two other guys, one gay and the other "straight with issues."'] ['Welcome to wildly eclectic and diverse West Beach High, where the annual Student Body President election will pit the quirky, much-beloved incumbent Sissy Frenchfry against a handsome, charismatic – and socially intolerant – transfer student with a devious plan to restore the status quo. Sissy Frenchfry is the most popular student at West Beach High. He’s got bleached blond hair with pink tips, earrings, and a decidedly unique fashion sense. The eternally good-natured Sissy is Student Body President, a member of every club on campus, and head of the yearbook and newspaper. Sissy IS the big man on campus, until one day… A transfer student named Bodey McDodey arrives at West Beach. Bodey is the quintessential All-American jock: handsome, arrogant, charming, and accomplished. He’s ready to assume command as Alpha male in what should be a familiar high school setting; however, he’s astounded at what he finds at West Beach. QB & Ross, the school’s quarterback and linebacker, are boyfriends and openly affectionate; the talented yet plump Georgia Peach holds the head cheerleader position despite not being a size 2; and the school’s student videographer and Sissy’s best friend, Dana Aquino, is a goth transgender student. “What is wrong with this school?” Bodey asks himself. The worst of all is the fact that Sissy Frenchfry, someone Bodey considers a loser and a nuisance, holds the position of ultimate authority and respect in the school: Student Body President. Bodey sets his sites on the presidency, aiming to change West Beach forever. What follows is Bodey bribing, seducing, and manipulating his way into a position of popularity and power. Sissy must choose between his integrity, his duty to maintain the peace of the school, and his own desire to win the election. Will Sissy win back the school? A Feature-length version of this award winning short-film is in development. In addition, there is a limited-edition line of Sissy Frenchfry products available thru Cafepress.com with proceeds going toward the feature production.'] ['Daniel Chang  is a twenty-something second-generation Chinese-American living at home in San Francisco with his widowed mother, who can speak broken English, and his grandmother , who cannot speak English. Ever since his father died, he has fulfilled his patriarchal duty as first and only son by managing the family business and looking after his mother. Being gay, he avoids the second major responsibility of carrying on the family line through heterosexual marriage and reproduction. Out of respect for his mother\'s values, he tries to keep, as he puts it, his home life and his "homo life" separate. By not directly telling his mother that he is gay, he has unwittingly found himself in a tense but hilarious situation where his mother continually pressures him to marry women of her choosing. Luckily, Daniel\'s female friend, Michelle, graciously rescues him from the constant onslaught of potential dates by pretending to be his steady girlfriend , which deflects his need to come out to his mother. Besides the extra money Mrs. Chang makes playing Mahjong, she also rents out the basement illegally. Daniel relates how he was quite happy to leave the previous female tenant alone. Daniel expects his mother to replace the previous tenant with another woman and is astounded when the new tenant turns out to be Robert, a young attractive white man from Indiana. Daniel immediately has a crush on him. Following a plumbing mishap that floods the basement with raw sewage, Mrs. Chang apologetically moves Robert into the only other bedroom that is not hers—Daniel\'s room. Even though reality has merged with Daniel\'s deepest fantasies, he bows to the paranoia that his mother will find out he is gay and decides to sleep on the living room sofa. Mrs. Chang eventually kicks Daniel off the couch so she can watch her late-night TV programs, and he is forced to share his bed with Robert. Daniel manages to be prudish for a few nights but eventually the two become lovers. Daniel\'s fear of being caught making out with a man constantly gets in between his relationship with Robert, and Daniel begins to wish that the basement repairs would finish soon so they could move their lovemaking to a safer area. However, one day Mrs. Chang and Grandma return home earlier than expected right in the middle of one of Daniel and Robert\'s trysts. Grandma walks in on them during copulation to offer them mooncakes, one of the few English words she knows. She sheepishly leaves the mooncakes on the nightstand and exits, giving them enough time to roll apart to opposite sides of the bed just as Mrs. Chang walks in. Daniel quickly chastizes her for not knocking and makes up the excuse that he was napping. Mrs. Chang does not seem to notice that both he and Robert are naked, but she bluntly tells Robert to move his belongings back into the basement that night. With the basement repaired, Daniel imagines he can finally spend time with Robert away from his mother\'s prying eyes, but the very next day a San Francisco building inspector stops by. Daniel suspects his own mother called the inspector, who gives the Chang\'s a list of expensive home improvements that would be needed to legally rent the room. Mrs. Chang jumps at the chance, arguing with Daniel that she has no choice but to make Robert move out. Their argument echoes in the basement and Robert hears Daniel give in without too much of a fight. Heartbroken, Robert moves away to a friend\'s place in Pasadena. Daniel reaches his breaking point. Miserable and determined not to be alone forever, he comes out to his mother the very next time she starts talking about available young women. This time he is direct and asserts that he wants to be with Robert. Mrs. Chang reacts angrily, lecturing Daniel in her native tongue and storming away from him. In her confusion, disappointment and fear of losing Daniel , she turns to the only other woman she knows with a gay son, Robert\'s mother. Robert\'s mother asks Mrs. Chang if it wouldn\'t be so bad to have another son, a clever way of getting around the cultural taboo of same-sex love. Shortly thereafter, Mrs. Chang calls Daniel back home to meet another potential date. Daniel flips out and races back home to stand up to his mother for the last time. He opens the door bellowing out, "Mother!" but almost chokes from surprise when Robert walks toward him instead. Mrs. Chang had invited Robert to be part of their family.'] ['1960 Baltimore; juvenile delinquent Dawn Davenport ([[Divine , a regular troublemaker at her all-girls school, receives a failing Geography grade and a sentence of writing lines for fighting, lying, cheating, and eating in class. On Christmas morning, Dawn fails to get the cha-cha heel shoes she wants for Christmas. After breaking into a violent rage and pushing her mother into the Christmas tree, Dawn runs away from home and, while hitchhiking, gets picked up by Earl Peterson , a fat man driving an Edsel station wagon. Peterson drives Davenport to a dump, where they have sex on a dirty mattress on the side of the road. When she later finds herself pregnant and demands money from him, he tells her, "Go fuck yourself", which Divine had indeed done by playing both roles. Dawn gives birth to her daughter Taffy and works as a waitress, go-go dancer, hooker, and petty thief—working the latter two jobs with delinquent friends Chicklette ([[Susan Walsh  and Concetta  through the mid \'60s. 1968: Taffy  is now eight years old and driving her mother to violence . Dawn complains to Chicklette and Concetta about the demands of motherhood, and they suggest she cheer herself up by getting her hair done by a stylist named Gator , who lives with his morbidly obese aunt, Ida  who constantly pleads with him to "turn queer". Dawn becomes a client of Gator\'s at the Lipstick Beauty Salon, owned by Donald  and Donna Dasher . Dawn and Gator marry, but five years later, in 1974, their marriage is complicated by the fact that Taffy , now fourteen years old, hates Gator. When Taffy catches her mother and stepfather having sex, Gator suggests she join them in bed, to which Taffy replies, "I wouldn\'t suck your lousy dick if I was suffocating and there was oxygen in your balls!" Fed up with Gator\'s infidelities and his penchant for reading magazines while penetrating her with tools such as hammers and pliers, Dawn leaves Gator and starts divorce proceedings. She seeks solace at the Lipstick Beauty Salon, where the diabolical Dashers ask her to be a "glamorous guinea pig" for a "beauty experiment": they want to test Jean Genet\'s theory that "crime equals beauty". At their behest, Dawn performs several crimes including knocking her daughter unconscious with a chair after a fight during which a narcissistic Dawn happily poses for their photographs. Ida then bursts into Dawn\'s house and disfigures her face with acid when Gator leaves to pursue work in the auto industry in Michigan. Dawn lands in the hospital and though hideously disfigured, the Dashers and her other friends convince her she\'s pretty and discourage her from having reconstructive plastic surgery. After leaving the hospital, Dawn returns to find her home redecorated by the Dashers, who\'ve kidnapped and confined Ida to an oversized bird cage. After encouragement from the Dashers, Dawn cuts off Ida\'s hand. Taffy comes home and after becoming unhinged at the sight of a grown woman in a bird cage with a bloody stump, pleads with her mother to reveal the identity of her real father, which she reluctantly does. Taffy finds her father living in a dilapidated house and drinking excessively. She stabs him to death with a butcher knife after he tries to sexually assault her. Taffy returns home and announces she is joining the Hare Krishna movement. Dawn warns her she will kill her if she does. Dawn, now with grotesque hair, make-up, and outfits provided by the Dashers, creates a nightclub act. Backstage on opening night, Taffy appears after freeing Ida from the bird cage. Upon discovering that Taffy is now a Hare Krishna, Dawn strangles her to death while the Dashers and their minions cheer her on. Dawn performs her nightclub act, which includes jumping on a trampoline and wallowing in a playpen filled with dead fish. She revels in the ideal that beauty is an art form born from crime: {{cquote}} She then yells out, "Who wants to be famous? Who wants to die for art?", and commences shooting into the crowd. Several people are wounded and others are trampled while fleeing the scene. Police allow the Dashers to leave after Donald and Donna claim they are upright citizens caught in a bloody rampage. Dawn flees into a forest but is soon arrested by the police. At Dawn\'s trial, the Dashers are granted "total immunity" by the judge in exchange for their testimony against her. They claim to be shocked by Dawn\'s crime spree, although they engineered and encouraged it. Ida testifies against Dawn for kidnapping her and amputating her hand, when actually the Dashers kidnapped Ida and told Dawn to cut off her hand . After Dawn is found guilty and sentenced to die in the electric chair, the Dashers are seen paying Ida for her testimony. In jail awaiting execution, Dawn has a lesbian affair with another prisoner . Dawn tells her lover being executed will make her famous, "like winning an Academy Award". Indeed, when a delirious Dawn is strapped to the electric chair, she gives a speech as if she were winning an Oscar: {{cquote}} After receiving a fatal electric shock, Dawn is immortalized as her distorted face is shown in freeze frame with the end credits rolling over it.'] ['Hunky writer Markus  returns home to find his boyfriend of four years naked with another man. Newly single, he begins waiting tables at a swinging Chelsea hotspot where the indelible supporting cast of co-workers offers conflicting directions on the off-road map to love and lust in New York City. http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0411883/plotsummary'] ['In 1989, and in the shadow of the collapse of Communism in Europe, a group of young rural Norwegians form a band. Preparations for their first gig are derailed when the lead singer, Jarle, is smitten by a new arrival, Yngve. Confused and not completely in touch with his own emotions, Jarle neglects his band, his mother and his girlfriend to spend more time with his new crush. At a party after the concert, he lashes out at Yngve but also admits he loves him. Yngve becomes depressed and flees to a bridge with the intention of committing suicide, but decides not to. He ends up in a mental hospital, and stays there until Jarle sees him again, few weeks after the incident.'] ['The scene opens on a rural Thai coffee shop, run by an elderly man and his attractive teenage daughter. A gang of local toughs come in and start roughing up the customers and get abusive with the daughter. Suddenly, an elaborately coifed and tastefully dressed woman shows up and rescues the young woman and her father from further harm. This is Iron Pussy. She disappears into the bushes and re-emerges as a slight, shaven-headed man, who then gets on the back of a motorcycle taxi and heads into Bangkok. Along the way, the motorcycle driver, Pew, relates his memories of the day he and Iron Pussy met – Pew, crazed from a drug overdose, had taken a young woman hostage. Iron Pussy came on the scene and rescued not the young woman, but Pew, and the two have been a couple ever since. Iron Pussy arrives at her job. She is a clerk in a 7-Eleven in Bangkok. Unfailingly courteous and professional, she greets a man who she believes is just another customer, in the shop to pay his phone bill. When Iron Pussy scans the bill, a message comes up on the computer screen: "Hello Iron Pussy". It is a secret message from the prime minister. It seems there\'s a job for Iron Pussy. Once again in the guise of the superheroine secret agent, the demure Iron Pussy goes to the meeting place with the prime minister, a Buddhist temple, where she takes time to make merit by releasing some turtles and fish into the nearby river. She meets with Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra and his cabinet , who take time to sing a song, extolling the virtues of Iron Pussy. Iron Pussy is tasked with uncovering the nefarious activities of Mr. Henry, a foreigner who frequently visits Thailand and leaves with full bank accounts. Mr. Henry will be attending a lavish party at the luxurious mansion of Madame Pompadoy, so Iron Pussy must infiltrate the housekeeping staff as a maid. Her charms win over Madame Pompadoy\'s debonair son, Tang, who is nonetheless in another relationship, being engaged to marry Rungraree, globetrotting socialite. Iron Pussy feels herself falling for Tang\'s charms as well, but she has a nagging feeling that something is not right about that relationship. Donning an all-black Spandex outfit and mask one night, Iron Pussy uncovers Mr. Henry\'s plot – he\'s making a mind-control drug. And Tang is involved in the scheme, which breaks Iron Pussy\'s heart. Later, at the big party being thrown by Madame Pompadoy, Iron Pussy steps up when the main entertainment doesn\'t show up, and sings a song that really impresses everyone. The next day, the family is going into the jungle for its annual deer hunt. This is when everything comes out – that Iron Pussy is actually a secret agent, but it\'s also revealed that Madame Pompadoy is Iron Pussy\'s mother, who gave Iron Pussy up for adoption long ago, which means, of course, that Tang is Iron Pussy\'s brother.'] ['Andrew Beckett  is a senior associate at the largest corporate law firm in Philadelphia. Although he lives with his partner Miguel Álvarez , Beckett is not open about his homosexuality at the law firm, nor the fact that he has AIDS. On the day he is assigned the firm\'s newest and most important case, one of the firm\'s partners notices a small lesion on Beckett\'s forehead. Shortly thereafter, Beckett stays home from work for several days to try to find a way to hide his lesions. While at home, he finishes the complaint for the case he has been assigned and then brings it to his office, leaving instructions for his assistants to file the complaint in court on the following day, which marks the end of the statute of limitations for the case. Beckett suffers from bowel spasms at home and is rushed to the hospital. Later that morning, while still at the ER, he receives a frantic call from the firm asking for the complaint, as the paper copy cannot be found and there are no copies on the computer\'s hard drive. However, the complaint is finally discovered and is filed with the court at the last possible moment. The following day, Beckett is dismissed by the firm\'s partners, who had previously referred to him as their "buddy", but now question his professional abilities in light of the misplaced document. Beckett believes that someone deliberately hid his paperwork to give the firm a pretext to fire him, and that the firing is actually as a result of his diagnosis with AIDS. He asks several attorneys to take his case, including personal injury lawyer Joe Miller , with whom he had been involved in a previous case. Miller, who is admittedly homophobic and knows little about AIDS, initially declines to take the case and immediately visits his doctor to find out if he could have contracted the AIDS through shaking Beckett\'s hand. The doctor explains the methods of HIV infection. The doctor then offers to take a sample of Miller\'s blood, suspecting that Miller was asking about AIDS because he suspected he had contracted it and was trying to hide it. Miller dismisses the request by laughing it off, taking it as a joke. Unable to find a lawyer willing to represent him, Beckett is compelled to act as his own attorney. While researching a case at a law library, Miller sees Beckett at a nearby table. After a librarian announces that he has found a book on AIDS discrimination for Beckett, others in the library begin to first stare and then move away, and the librarian suggests Beckett retire to a private room. Disgusted by their behavior, Miller approaches Beckett and reviews the material he has gathered. It is obvious he has decided to take the case. Upon receiving a summons by Miller, the head of the firm, Charles Wheeler , worries about the damage the lawsuit could do to his business and reputation, although one partner  unsuccessfully tries to convince them to settle out of court with Beckett. As the case goes before the court, Wheeler takes the stand, claiming that Beckett was incompetent and claiming that he had deliberately tried to hide his condition. The defense repeatedly suggests that Beckett had invited his illness through promiscuity and was therefore not a victim. In the course of testimony, it is revealed that the partner who had noticed Beckett\'s lesion had previously worked with a woman who had contracted AIDS after a blood transfusion and so would have recognized the lesion as relating to AIDS. In one of the most dramatic scenes, and to prove that the lesions would have been visible, Miller asks Beckett to unbutton his shirt while on the witness stand, revealing that his lesions were indeed visible and recognizable as such. During cross-examination, Beckett admits that he was originally planning to tell his law colleagues that he was gay, but changed his mind after hearing them make homophobic jokes in the sauna of a health club. When asked about the truth of how he got infected, he confirms that he engaged in anonymous sex with another man at a pornographic movie theater. However, he and Miller gain an advantage when the partner who advised settling out of court confesses he long suspected Beckett had AIDS but never said anything, and how he regrets his inaction. Beckett collapses during Wheeler\'s testimony. During his hospitalization, the jury votes in his favor, awarding him back pay, damages for pain and suffering, and punitive damages totaling more than $5M. Miller visits Beckett in the hospital after the verdict and overcomes his fear enough to touch Beckett\'s face. After Beckett\'s family leaves the room, he tells Miguel that he is ready to die. A short scene immediately afterward shows Miller getting the word that Beckett has died. The movie ends with a reception at Beckett\'s home following the funeral, where many mourners, including the Millers, view home movies of Beckett as a healthy child.'] [" An elderly couple, Edith  and Abby  sit in a cinema watching a lesbian-themed film The Children's Hour. A couple walks out of the theater in disgust at the film, and a group of kids laugh when they see Edith and Abby holding hands. Later at the home they have shared for 30 years, Abby falls from a ladder. At the hospital, doctors tell Edith that Abby may have suffered a stroke. Edith spends the night in the waiting room and in the morning she learns that Abby died during the night, and none of the hospital workers informed her after it had happened. Edith telephones Abby's nephew, Ted , to tell him the news. Before Ted and his family come for the funeral, Edith removes all traces that they were a couple. She makes it look like they had separate bedrooms and removes photographs of the two of them together. At the house afterwards, Ted and Edith talk about the fact that the house was in Abby's name. Although Edith contributed equally to the mortgage, she legally owns no part of it. As Alice packs up Abby's belongings, Ted tells Edith that he would consider letting Edith staying in the house and paying him rent. Edith tells him that Abby would have wanted her to stay in the house, as that was what they always talked about. Ted eventually tells her that it would be better if he sells the house and she finds a place of her own although he says that he'll wait till she finds a new place before putting the house on the market. The family leaves, with Ted telling Edith that he will be in touch in a couple of weeks to discuss what she is going to do.  Linda ([[Michelle Williams , a young student, now shares the house with three friends, all lesbians. They face conflict with the feminist group they are part of when the other women do not want to include lesbian issues despite the fact that Linda and her friends helped to found the group and fought for free contraception on campus with their straight friends. At a lesbian bar they have not been to before, they are surprised and disappointed to see women apparently fulfilling traditional butch and femme roles. They laugh at Amy , a young butch woman who is wearing a tie. Amy asks Linda to dance but she refuses while her friends are still there. The others soon leave and Linda stays behind and dances with Amy. Later, Amy gives Linda a ride home on her motorcycle and they kiss. Linda invites Amy to return the next day. The next day Linda and the others are arguing with a woman from the feminist group when Amy arrives. Linda is embarrassed and is short with Amy who quickly leaves. Linda's friends tease her about Amy and question how they can be taken seriously as feminists if they associate with people like Amy. They cannot understand why a woman would dress like a man when they have fought so hard to escape such stereotypical roles. Linda goes to Amy's house and apologizes. They sleep together. The next morning Linda sees a picture of Amy as a child, dressed like a boy. She asks Amy if Amy is supposed to be the man and Linda the woman. Amy says no and accuses Linda of being afraid that people will know what she is if she is seen with Amy. Amy goes to Linda's house for dinner. Linda urges her friends to give Amy a chance but an awkward evening deteriorates when Linda's friends laugh at Amy and try to make her change her clothes. Amy leaves, upset. Linda follows her home and tells her that she was never ashamed of Amy, but only of herself. They reconcile.  The house is now inhabited by Fran  and Kal , a couple hoping to have a baby together. They hope to get a sperm donation from Tom  and Arnold , a gay couple, but when the men are reluctant to agree to stay out of the baby's life, the women decide not to go ahead. Later, Kal tells Fran that she does not want to know the father of the baby and they agree to use an anonymous donor. They look for donors on the internet and find a company to use. Going through endless profiles of potential donors, Kal gets upset that she herself cannot get Fran pregnant. When they discover that Fran is ovulating, Kal hurries to the donor company to get the sperm. She inseminates Fran, but with no success. They share their worries for their child. They know that their baby will face discrimination but hope that their love for each other and their child will be enough. After three attempts to get pregnant, they go to a doctor to help them conceive. Shortly afterwards they discover that Fran is pregnant."] ["Lucy  is a frustrated erotic novelist exploring whether a weekend of sexual passion with Sloan , a bisexual poet, can liberate her from writer's block."] ['Socket is a dark sexual tale of a gay man being drawn into a cult of electricity addicts after being struck by lightning. It is reportedly the first gay sci-fi thriller. However, it is also unique in that it is a film where the sexuality of the four lead characters is inconsequential to the plot. Socket tells the story of Bill , a surgeon who is struck by lightning and winds up recovering in his own hospital. There he meets an intern named Craig , who suffered the same natural accident and has developed an appetite for electrical voltage. After meeting him, Bill realizes he has the same craving. Craig introduces him to an underground group of people who all share this addiction. Bill then uses his surgical knowledge to come up with a method of inserting electric sockets and prongs into the members\' wrists so they can "juice up". But after Bill accidentally discovers that he can mainline electricity from living people, he becomes hooked on absorbing this particular kind of power.'] ['Vincent  is a shy boy who is in the swim team and is also a good student with his girlfriend Noémie  and a best friend, Stéphane , life in school can\'t be better for him. But then, he suddenly start to have encounters with the new boy, Bejamin . They have a private meeting and then some boys write on a wall "Molina is a fag". Vincent start to being bullied and is forced out in his high school, changing his life and his relationships with family and friends in ways he will have to accept.'] ['Longtime Companion chronicles the first years of the AIDS epidemic as seen through its impact on several gay men and the straight sister of one of them. The film is split into several sections identified by dates.  Willy  a personal trainer, and his friend John  are spending time with affluent gay couple David  and Sean  at their beach house on Fire Island for the 4th of July. Sean is a screenwriter for the popular daytime soap opera Other People and David comes from a blue blood background and has a large trust fund. Back in the city, Howard ([[Patrick Cassidy  is preparing to audition for Sean\'s soap. His boyfriend is Paul  a business executive and their next-door neighbor is Lisa , whose brother Fuzzy ([[Stephen Caffrey , is a lawyer who represents Howard. That morning, The New York Times publishes its first article about the rise of a new "gay cancer." The news spreads as friends call each other. Some are immediately concerned, others dismissive. Willy meets Fuzzy at a tea dance later in the afternoon and they begin a relationship. Howard lands the role.  John is the first among the group to be diagnosed with the new disease, contracting pneumonia. Howard is given script pages in which his character is slated to become the first openly gay character on daytime television. He\'s very concerned about typecasting, fearing that by playing gay he won\'t be offered other sorts of parts. Willy and Fuzzy move in together. John dies shortly after his admission to the hospital.  Willy, Fuzzy, Lisa, David and Sean gather back on Fire Island with friends Michael and Bob to watch Howard\'s character come out on the soap opera. The group also discuss a sick neighbor who has become a pariah on the island. That evening, Sean and David argue over Sean\'s fears that he might be getting sick.  Paul is hospitalized with toxoplasmosis. Sean is also hospitalized. Willy visits Sean and is so terrified of becoming infected that he dons a surgical mask and protective gown and, when Sean kisses him on the neck, excuses himself to the bathroom to scrub the spot. Michael is also visiting Sean, bringing with him homeopathic preparations and a book by Louise Hay. Howard visits Paul and breaks down sobbing. Paul tries to reassure and comfort him.  Sean has deteriorated to the point of dementia. David is helping with his writing and deceiving the studio into thinking that Sean is still able to work. Fuzzy tries to get Howard a movie role but the producer refuses to cast him because of the rumor that he has AIDS. Paul is back in the hospital following a seizure. David takes Sean for a walk but has to take him home when Sean urinates in a fountain. That night Willy catches Fuzzy checking himself for swollen glands and they talk about their fear of dying. "What do you think happens when we die?" Fuzzy asks. "We get to have sex again" is Willy\'s reply.  Sean has deteriorated to the point of near-catatonia and is in constant pain. He has to be strapped into his bed and has lost control of his bowels and bladder and has to wear adult diapers as a result. After sending Sean\'s nurse on an errand, David sits with Sean and tells him that it\'s all right to let go, to stop fighting to stay alive. Sean dies. Willy and Lisa come by to help David and they pick out a suit for Sean to wear to be cremated. Fuzzy calls Gay Men\'s Health Crisis to find a funeral home. In a rare moment of levity, Lisa and Willy stumble across a slinky red dress in Sean\'s closet and consider giving it to the undertaker. "What could they say", asks Willy, "if we said we knew him and we knew that\'s the way he wanted to be remembered?" Ultimately they decide against it, since "it needs a hat. A big Bea Lillie thing!" The four go to a Chinese restaurant to write Sean\'s obituary and include David as his "longtime companion."  David has died in his sleep and this is the day of his memorial service. Bob and Willy eulogize him. At the reception following the service, the friends recall a time when David tried on his sister\'s wedding dress, accidentally tripped, and fell down the stairs, still wearing the dress.  Fuzzy and Lisa are volunteering answering phones at GMHC. Willy is a "buddy" to a GMHC client, Alberto. Howard has been diagnosed as being HIV positive. Although it\'s not mentioned, the presumption is that Paul has died. Howard exploits his remaining fame as a former soap opera star to raise money for AIDS causes by hosting a benefit which includes a performance by Finger Lakes Trio of the Village People song "YMCA" performed in a pastiche of chamber music style.  Willy, Fuzzy and Lisa walk along the beach. While it is again unstated, the presumption is that Howard has died. They talk about an upcoming ACT UP demonstration. They talk about remembering a time before AIDS and wonder about finding a cure. The film ends with a momentary fantasy sequence, with the friends and others lost to AIDS appearing with them on the beach, before they vanish again and the three are left to walk off the deserted beach while the song "Post-Mortem Bar", by Zane Campbell, plays on the soundtrack.'] ['Alex is a married Junior Leaguer with a penchant for interesting shoes. Her Junior League chapter\'s annual project is to volunteer at Hope House, an AIDS hospice that recently opened in her home town of Azalea Springs, Texas. Alex and her League friends, including her friend Sloan, tour Hope House. Alex runs into her best friend Spencer, whose lover Bruce is a resident, and Grace, a friend from high school who had recently moved back to Azalea Springs to work at Hope House as a nurse. That night at the town\'s annual Azalea Ball, a drunken Spencer tells a society matron that his homosexuality was caused by drinking the local water. An equally drunken Sloan overhears and spreads the story. A panic ensues, with the local newspaper printing the story and commissioning testing of the water supply. Mark, the son of the publisher, objects to his father, but because Mark is himself struggling with his homosexuality and attending meetings of an ex-gay group at the local church, he\'s limited in what he can do to mitigate the story and the resultant damage. The leader of the ex-gay group, Brother Daniel, announces plans to protest for the closing of Hope House. Alex and Grace renew their friendship and Grace comes out as a lesbian to her. Grace returned to Azalea Springs because her husband found out about an affair she was having with another woman and is now in prison for assaulting Grace. At an ex-gay meeting, Mark meets Tomas, a painter. Mark hires Tomas to re-paint his dining room. The Junior League decides not to continue volunteering at Hope House. Alex, who\'s resigned from the League, goes to work full time at the hospice over her husband Robert\'s objections. Alex develops some curiosity about her possible lesbianism and rents a number of classic lesbian-themed films: Desert Hearts; Lianna; Personal Best; Heavenly Creatures; Bar Girls; Claire of the Moon; The Incredibly True Adventure of Two Girls in Love; an unnamed, presumably pornographic video; and, inexplicably, The Godfather, Part III. At Hope House, Alex gives in to her growing attraction to Grace and they kiss passionately in a supply room. Sloan catches them and spreads the story all over town. After Tomas paints Mark\'s dining room, they go out on a dinner date, where Mark learns that Tomas stumbled into the ex-gay meeting by mistake. After dinner they go to Tomas\'s studio and Tomas shows Mark his paintings. They make love. Reaction is immediate and hostile, with Alex suffering indignities great and small, everything from the breakup of her marriage to the closing of her credit account at the local fried pie shop. Following this, Mark gains the courage to break up with the woman he\'s been dating as a "beard" and to come out to his father. He demands that his father drop the story on the water supply  and stop the negative coverage of Hope House. Mark and Tomas and Alex and Grace go out dancing at a big-city gay club, where they see Ray Ray, the son of Alex\'s family housekeeper, performing as a drag queen called Obsession. Ray Ray leads Mark and Tomas to a leather bar where they catch ex-gay leader Brother Daniel in full leather gear . Meanwhile, Alex and Grace go to a hotel room where they make love for the first time. Back in Azalea Springs, Spencer\'s lover Bruce dies of AIDS-related complications. At his funeral, Alex\'s father comforts her and her mother, while still upset over Alex\'s lesbianism, shows that she still loves her daughter .'] ["Angelo Barberini is the oddball son of Italian immigrants Gino and Maria, who inadvertently ended up in Canada rather than the United States of America. Angelo shocks his parents - and his sister, Anna - by moving out on his own without getting married, and, shortly after that, shocks them further still when he reveals as gay. But his boyfriend , policeman Nino Paventi, isn't as ready to come out of the closet - especially not to his busybody Sicilian mother, Lina."] ['Narrated by their friend David , World and Time Enough is the story of Mark  and Joey . Mark is an HIV-positive art student who creates temporary "sculptures" on topics including AIDS, abortion and the Bush economy. Joey works as a garbage collector, picking up trash along the roadways. He sometimes brings home interesting items that he finds on the job. Mark\'s mother was killed when he was a child, in a freak accident in a church when she was crushed by a large falling cross. Since that day, his father has been obsessed with building model cathedrals. Mark and his father are somewhat distant and out of touch and Mark reaches out to him through a series of phone calls, leaving messages on his father\'s answering machine. Unknown to Mark, his father has died alone in his home but hasn\'t yet been discovered. Joey\'s relationship with his adoptive parents is also strained because of his father\'s issues with Joey\'s homosexuality. Although he remains close with his sister, Joey feels the need to seek out his birth parents through the adoption social service agency. Mark discovers his father\'s body and in his grief he assumes his father\'s obsession with cathedral building. Rather than a model, however, Mark begins work on a full-size cathedral in a local open field. Joey learns the identity of his birth parents, but also learns that they have died. He visits their gravesite and says the things there that he would have told them while they were alive. Mark experiences a vision of his father, who tells him that he\'s making a mistake, to go home. Mark feverishly climbs the scaffolding and falls off it to the ground. Joey discovers him there. Later, together, out of the scaffolds, surviving bits of Mark\'s sculptures and the things Joey\'s gathered, they build their own "cathedral."'] ["Jean-Pierre is a literature professor in Switzerland. Due to the vagarities of Swiss law, he is selected, basically at random, to be the guardian of a parentless teenage boy named Antoine. Conflict comes into the story as Jean-Pierre, who has just accepted a major promotion, must now deal with caring for a teenage boy he doesn't want to care for, as well as handling his own jealous boyfriend. Then his wife steps into the picture. Things get complicated from there as Jean-Pierre tries to get out of his guardianship."] ['The film opens with Franz Sommer  and his newlywed wife, Helene ([[Mary Johnson . They are going through hard times, and Sommer is without steady employment, partly due to his honest-to-a-fault nature. Helene takes a job selling cigars and cigarettes at a restaurant. When a patron advances on Helene and ignores Sommer\'s warning to leave her alone, Sommer pushes him away. He falls and hits his head, dying some days later. Sommer is arrested and sentenced three years in prison. Sommer is kept in large cell with four other people, one of which, Steinau , is soon acquitted and promises Sommer to help his wife while he\'s incarcerated. This he does by giving her a better job at his business and offering her his friendship while they both work to get Sommer out. For much of the remainder of the film, the men\'s sexual frustration from being separated from women is the focus, with scenes such as making nude sculptures from breadcrumbs and water and fighting for a woman\'s handkerchief smuggled in from visitation. At the same time, there is a strong homoerotic undercurrent throughout, though only hinted at. The fifth act brings changes to both Helene and Sommer\'s stories. Helene, delirious from Sommer\'s absence, goes to Steinau one night after madly trying to gain entrance to the prison, and sleeps with him. Meanwhile, Sommer\'s relationship with fellow inmate Alfred Marquis  begins to move from subtext to foreground. At the prison church service, Sommer and Marquis sit next to each other, and as the preacher tells them to "Yield not to temptation", Marquis is writing Franz and Alfred in the cover of his Bible. He shows it to Sommer, who does not respond. That night, Sommer, seeing Marquis completely absorbed in thought, asks him what he is thinking about. Marquis asks if his nonresponse means he hates him and holds out his hand. Sommer takes it, and begins moving into Marquis\'s bed as the scene fades to an exterior night shot of the prison. The next day, Helene arranges with the warden for a private visit with Sommer, where she intends to tell him about Steinau, but she does not. Nor does Sommer say anything. The short meeting is awkward and distant. Later, Steinau makes his presentation calling for a penal system reform, but the representative is unswayed. Steinau asks Helene to divorce Sommer and marry him, but she refuses. Marquis is released, and Sommer shortly after him. Marquis is briefly seen by the river with another man, happily commenting that Sommer got out today. The other man cynically responds that he could make a good deal of money if Sommer is rich, to which Marquis takes offense and walks away. Though not spelled out, the suggestion is that one could use Paragraph 175  to blackmail Sommer, in the a same way that it is used against Paul Körner in Different From the Others. Sommer goes home, where his wife is happy to see him, and he is happy to be free, but confesses he no longer loves her. Helene thinks he has found out about Steinau, but when she mentions him, he knows nothing of it. It is at that point that there is a knock at the door and Helene opens it to find Marquis with a bouquet of flowers come to see Sommer. Helene then figures it all out. Sommer, now even more depressed, sends him away. He leaves the flowers on the newelpost in the hallway while offering his apologies to Helene, who sees him out. Going back inside, she sees Sommer eying the gas valve on the heater. He tells her he cannot go on living and urges her to leave, but she will not. He turns on the gas and together, they both die.'] ['From the official website: :What do you get when you fall in love? "Inlaws & Outlaws" cleverly weaves together the true stories of couples and singles— both gay and straight — and all into a collective narrative that is as hilarious as it is heartbreaking. :At the top of the film, you meet real people one on one. You don’t know who’s gay or straight or who’s with whom. As their stories unfold and stereotypes fall by the wayside, you won’t care because you’ll be rooting for everybody. With candor, good humor, great music and real heart, Inlaws & Outlaws gets past all the rhetoric to embrace what we have in common: We love.http://www.inlawsandoutlawsfilm.com/about/the_pitch.php'] ['During a trip to a windswept beach, Maurice Hall, an 11-year-old schoolboy, receives instructions about the "sacred mysteries" of sex from his teacher, who wants to explain to the fatherless boy the changes he would experience in puberty. Years later, in 1909, Maurice is attending Cambridge, where he strikes a friendship with two fellow students: the aristocratic Lord Risley and the rich and handsome Clive Durham. Durham falls in love with his friend and surprises Maurice by confessing his feelings. At first, Maurice does not react favorably to the revelation. Soon, however, he realizes that he reciprocates his friend\'s feelings. The two friends embark in a love affair but, at Clive\'s insistence, their relationship remains platonic. To go further, in Durham\'s opinion, would diminish them both. Clive, a member of the upper class, has a promising future ahead of him and does not want to tarnish his future. Their close relationship continues after Maurice is expelled from Cambridge, and begins a new career as a stockbroker in London. The two friends keep their feelings secret, but are frightened when Lord Risley is arrested and sentenced to six months hard labor after soliciting sex from a soldier. Clive, afraid of being exposed as a homosexual, breaks with Maurice. After his return from a trip to Greece, Clive, under pressure from his widowed mother, marries a naive rich girl named Anne, and settles into placid domesticity. Heartbroken, Maurice looks for help from the family physician, Dr Barry, who dismisses Maurice\'s doubts as "rubbish". Maurice then turns to Lasker-Jones, who tries to cure his homosexual longings with hypnosis. During his visits to Clive\'s estate of Pendersleigh, Maurice attracts the attention of Alec Scudder, the under-gamekeeper who is due to emigrate with his family to Argentina. Maurice not only fails to notice Scudder\'s interest in him, but initially treats him with contempt. This does not discourage Scudder, who spies on Maurice at night. Simcox, the butler at Pendersleigh, suspecting the true nature of Maurice and Clive\'s past relationship, gave some clues to Scudder. On a rainy night, Scudder boldly climbs a ladder and enters Maurice\'s bedroom through an open window. Scudder kisses Maurice, who is completely taken by surprise, but does not resist his advances. After their first night together, Maurice, after receiving a letter from Scudder proposing they meet at Pendersleigh\'s boathouse, believes that Scudder is blackmailing him. Maurice returns to Lasker-Jones, who warns Maurice that England is a country which "has always been disinclined to accept human nature". When Maurice fails to appear at the boathouse, Scudder travels to London to find him. Maurice and Scudder meet at the British Museum and the blackmail misunderstanding is resolved. Maurice begins to call Scudder by his first name, Alec. They go to a hotel room. However, their prospects for a long-term relationship seem dim. Alec is leaving for Argentina. Maurice decides to give Alec a sendoff. He is taken aback when he does not find Alec at the port. Maurice goes to Pendersleigh and talks to Clive, telling him about Alec. Clive, who was hoping that Maurice would marry, is bewildered after hearing what has transpired. The two friends depart and Maurice goes to the boathouse looking for Alec, who is there waiting for him. Scudder tells him that he sent a telegram to Maurice stating that he was to come to the boathouse. Alec has left his family, and his plans to emigrate, to stay with Maurice, telling him, "Now we shan\'t never be parted."'] ['Paul  and Eddie  have just begun previews of an Off-Broadway musical titled Adam & Steve: Just the Way God Made \'Em. Their lives mimic those of the characters they are playing on stage, in that Paul is himself seeking the ideal male partner, and Eddie finds that his religious upbringing conflicts with his homosexuality. After his boyfriend dumps him for being accused of having HIV, though he does not, Paul decides he is through with relationships and wants to be promiscuous, or as he so eloquently sung, "I wanna be a slut." Eddie, meanwhile decides he must finally tell his conservative parents that he is gay. Eddie comes out to his family, who do not accept the news well. Paul turns to the Internet for dates, but can\'t even get a decent one-night stand. However, Paul continually bumps into a fan who has developed romantic feelings for him, and after a series of disastrous one night stands, he starts dating Michael at the end of the musical\'s opening night. Eddie\'s religious parents, on a different note, decide to attend the musical because of a promise they made to their son, even though they are appalled by homosexuality and the theme of the show. As the play goes on though, they begin to believe that maybe they judged their son too harshly, and come to accept the fact that he is gay. Eddie\'s parents make up with him at the end of the show\'s opening night.'] ['Veidt portrays a successful violinist, Paul Körner, who falls in love with one of his male students. A sleazy extortionist threatens to expose Körner as a homosexual. Flashbacks show us how Körner became aware of his orientation and tried first to change it, then to understand it. Körner and the extortionist end up in court, where the judge is sympathetic to the violinist, but when the scandal becomes public, his career is ruined and he is driven to suicide. The film opens with Paul Körner  reading the daily newspaper obituaries, which are filled with vaguely worded and seemingly inexplicable suicides. Körner, however, knows that Paragraph 175 is hidden behind them all &mdash; that it hangs over German homosexuals "like the Sword of Damocles." After this thesis statement, the main plot begins. Kurt Sivers ([[Fritz Schulz  is a fan and admirer of Körner, a violin virtuoso, and he approaches Körner in hopes of becoming a student of his. Körner agrees and they begin lessons together, during which they fall for one another. Both men experience the disapproval of their parents. Neither are out, but Sivers\'s object to the increasingly large amount of attention he focuses on the violin and his unusual infatuation with Körner, and the Körners do not understand why he has shown no interest in finding a wife and starting a family. Körner sends his parents to see his mentor, the Doctor . The Doctor appears several times in the film, each time to deliver speeches more intended for the audience than the advancement of the plot. In this, his first appearance, he tells Körner\'s parents: {{cquote}} After Körner\'s coming out, he and Sivers begin seeing each other more openly. While walking together, hand in hand, through the park, they pass a man who recognizes Körner. Later that day, when Körner is alone, this man, Franz Bollek  confronts him and demands hush money or else he will expose Sivers. Körner pays him and keeps it a secret from Sivers that he does so. Eventually, however, the blackmailer\'s demands become too great and Körner refuses to pay.  Bollek decides instead to break into Körner\'s house while he and Sivers are performing, but he is discovered by Sivers and Körner on their return and a fight breaks out. In the course of the fight, Bollek reveals to Sivers that he has been blackmailing him. Sivers runs away and faces hardships trying to survive alone. Körner is left dejected and, over a photo of Sivers, remembers his past. His first memory is of boarding school, when he and his boyfriend Max are discovered kissing by their teacher and he\'s expelled. Next, he remembers University and his solitary and lonely life there, and the growing impossibility of trying to play straight. He remembers trying an ex-gay hypnotherapist, but finding him only to be a charlatan. Then he first met the Doctor, whose reaction was much different from those he had previously met. Among other things, he told him: {{cquote}} Remembering on, he recalled first meeting Bollek at a gay dance hall, and Bollek leading him on before ultimately turning on him and using his homosexuality to blackmail him. Back in the present, Körner takes Else Sivers , Kurt Sivers\' sister, to the Doctor\'s lecture on alternative sexuality. The Doctor speaks on topics such as homosexuality, lesbianism, gender identity, intersexuality, the perils of stereotypes, and the idea that sexuality is physically determined, rather than a mental condition. Körner reports Bollek for blackmail and has him arrested. In retaliation, Bollek exposes Körner. The Doctor gives testimony on Körner\'s behalf, but both are found guilty of their respective crimes. Bollek is sentenced to three years for extortion. The judge is sympathetic to Körner, and gives him the minimum sentence allowable: one week. Allowed to go home before his starting his term, Körner finds himself shunned by friends and strangers alike, and no longer employable. Even his family tells him there is only one honorable way out. He attempts to dance wearing only Max\'s old lederhosen but slips over. He then takes a handful of pills and kills himself. Sivers rushes to his side as he lies dead. Körner\'s parents blame Sivers for what has happened, but Else harshly rebukes them. Meanwhile, Sivers attempts to kill himself as well, but the Doctor prevents him and delivers his final speech: {{cquote}} The movie closes with an open German law book, turned to Paragraph 175, as a hand holding a brush crosses it out.'] ["Anne Lister  is a young unmarried woman living in 19th century Yorkshire, at Shibden Hall, with her aunt  and uncle . The one thing she wants from life is to have someone to love and to share her life with. The person she has in mind is Mariana Belcombe , with whom she has been conducting a secret romantic and sexual relationship. The relationship breaks apart when Mariana marries a rich widower named Charles Lawton . Depressed, Anne devotes her time to studying. A year after Mariana's wedding, Anne begins to think about finding another lover. She meets a young woman in church named Miss Browne , and they become close friends. Mariana asks Anne to meet her in a hotel in Manchester. There, the two women talk and Mariana tells Anne that she has missed her, and that one day, when her husband has died, they might live together as widow and companion. She says that her husband is not healthy, and will not have long to live. Anne agrees and they buy wedding rings, to wear around their necks until they can live together. Returning to Shibden, Anne ignores the attention of Miss Browne. A local industrialist named Christopher Rawson  proposes marriage to Anne. She turns him down and says that she could only marry for love. He tells her that people talk about her and call her 'Gentleman Jack.' Later, Anne tells her aunt and uncle that she does not want a husband, that she wants to be independent and intends one day to live with a female companion. Mariana visits her on her birthday and they continue their sexual relationship. Anne attends a party with her acquaintances, including Rawson and the Lawtons. Mariana sees Anne wearing her wedding ring clearly on show and is unhappy with Anne drawing attention to herself. Anne complains that Charles Lawton is not as unhealthy as Mariana had led her to believe. Rawson sees the two women talking together and has a conversation of his own with Lawton. When Mariana returns to her husband's side, he looks dazed and asks her how Anne loves her. After the party, Mariana writes to Anne and tells her that her husband is suspicious. She tells Anne not to write to her anymore. Anne's uncle dies and she inherits his wealth. She writes to Mariana, asking her to come to live with her at once. Mariana replies that she will be travelling nearby in a month's time and that they will discuss what to do then. When the time comes, Anne meets Mariana's coach coming along the road and excitedly gets in. Mariana is angry at her drawing attention to herself. She tells Anne that she would rather die than have people know about their relationship. She says that they could be happy together, but would have to live apart. Anne tells her that she wants to spend her life with someone, and leaves. When Rawson offers to buy some land from Anne to sink a mine, she declines and says that she will mine it herself. She forms a business alliance with Ann Walker , an unmarried acquaintance who has recently inherited her own fortune. They become close friends. Soon the two women are intimidated and harassed by Rawson, now their business rival. For protection, Ann Walker goes to stay at Shibden with Anne. Her aunt  comes to tell her niece that people are spreading shocking rumours about the two women. She asks Ann to return home before she ruins her family's name and warns her that she may ruin her chance of finding a husband. Ann tells her that she does not want a husband. When her aunt leaves, she tells Anne that she wants to live at Shibden with her. Anne asks her if she understands what the rumours and insinuations are about. Ann says that she does and makes it clear that she wants them to be together romantically. Mariana visits Anne and says that she could leave Charles now. She asks if there is still a place for her in Anne's heart, but Anne says that she has found someone she is happy with now, and Mariana leaves. Her husband lives to the age of 89."] ['Frankie  is a young Italian American man living with his family in The Bronx, New York. He works in a pizza parlor but, inspired by the likes of Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, he wants to be an actor. After catching his fiancee  cheating on him with his brother, Frankie decides the time has come to move out and pursue his dream. He starts by checking the classifieds for roommate ads. He finds an ad from a "GWM." In classified-speak this stands for "gay white male" but Frankie and his friend Joey  interpret it as "guy with money." The GWM in question is Warren , an actor who\'s recently broken up with his director boyfriend. Frankie and Warren each have some initial misgivings - Frankie over Warren\'s being gay, Warren over Frankie\'s being a "Guido" or stereotypical Italian - but Warren lets Frankie move in. Warren\'s ex, Dakota , returns and offers Warren a part in his new play. Warren initially accepts but after being injured in an attempted gay bashing, has to withdraw. Frankie replaces him, but the part involves a same-sex kiss, which makes him nervous. At the premiere Frankie gives a good performance  for an audience that includes his family, who come to understand and accept his decision to become an actor.'] ['Timothy  is an openly gay student at a private boy\'s school. Although now in his senior year, he is still persecuted by the aggressive rugby team, on whose captain, Jonathon , he has a crush. Timothy lives with his mother, Donna , who is struggling with her son\'s sexuality and with getting a job, and his father who is not a part of his life. Timothy is cast as Puck in the senior production of A Midsummer Night\'s Dream. While reviewing his lines, he discovers the recipe for creating the flower love-in-idleness. Timothy uses the flower to have the homophobic town take a "walk in his shoes". The entire town is thrown into chaos as previously heterosexual community members fall in love with their same-sex friends, bosses, and co-workers: whomever they first saw after being sprayed by the flower. The school drama teacher, Ms. Tebbit , guides Timothy towards the question of whether his actions have caused more harm than good.'] ['Desert Hearts is set in 1959. Vivian Bell , an English professor at Columbia University, travels to Nevada to establish six-week residency to obtain a divorce. She stays at a guest house for women waiting for their divorces to be finalized, owned by Frances Parker . Vivian meets Cay Rivvers , a free-spirited sculptor to whom Frances is a surrogate mother. Cay works at a casino as a change operator in Reno, and is ending a relationship with Darrell, her boss, because as she put it, she "allowed self to be attracted to his attraction" for her. When Vivian arrives, Cay notices her, and tightly controlled and elegant Vivian in turn is taken aback by Cay\'s boldness and lack of concern of what others think of her. Cay reveals that she has had relationships with women in the past. Frances notices that Vivian is becoming a bigger part of Cay\'s life and resents her for it, afraid that Cay will leave her and she will be alone. When everyone attends an engagement party for Cay\'s best friend Silver, Cay drives a drunken Vivian to Lake Tahoe afterwards and kisses her. Vivian returns it passionately and is so surprised by her response that she begs Cay to take her home. When they return at the ranch in the early morning, Frances has had Vivian\'s bags packed and a taxi waiting for her, furious  that she has seduced Cay. Cay leaves the ranch immediately and Vivian endures the rest of her stay in a hotel casino. After some days apart, both Cay and Vivian are clearly confused and hurt. Cay goes to visit Vivian at her hotel and overcomes Vivian\'s resistance to making love to another woman and they begin an affair. With Vivian\'s impending finalization of her divorce, they must sort out the future of their relationship, Vivian afraid of what people will think of her, and Cay unsure of what she would ever do in New York City. Frances and Cay are brought together, and Cay admits to Frances that Vivian has "reached in and put a string of lights around her heart". As Vivian is at the train station to take her back, she convinces Cay to discuss coming with her just until the next station.'] ['Matt  is a London music promoter who wants to one day own his own club. His flatmate is Paula , a pop singer whose music he helps promote. While accompanying her on a personal appearance at a gay club in Blackpool, Matt meets Craig , an unemployed youth who makes ends meet as a backroom bareknuckles fighter. They go back to Craig\'s place to have sex but it\'s Craig\'s first time and he freaks out. Matt leaves his card and takes off. Craig wins his next fight and the fight promoter plans to put him against an opponent Craig labels a maniac. Rather than fight, Craig goes to London and finds Matt. Matt invites him to stay, but Paula\'s not pleased about it. Also not pleased is Kelvin , Matt\'s boss, who wants Matt to help put over his new pop group ZKC and doesn\'t want him distracted. Matt agrees to put the final touches on ZKC\'s music video in exchange for the opportunity to run Kelvin\'s club when it re-opens. Meanwhile, a friend of Matt\'s offers Craig a staff job at his club. Unfortunately, on his first night he gets into a fight with one of the patrons. He calls Matt, who ditches a video editing session to retrieve Craig. Kelvin is livid, but invites Craig to a party at his house anyway. The invitation is a pretext, however, to break up Matt and Craig. Kelvin offers Craig a job doing "market research"  to keep him away from Matt for several weeks. He also aims Jamie, a member of ZKC, at Craig, who has a drunken one-night stand with him the night before he leaves for his job. While Craig is away, Matt learns about his fling with Jamie. Paula also acts to keep them apart, refusing to give Matt his messages from Craig. Craig returns to London the night of a music awards show at which Paula and ZKC are scheduled to perform. Matt confronts Craig but forgives him, then has to calm down Paula, who\'s terrified of performing live, and Jamie. Kelvin tells Craig that he won\'t be needed any longer for "market research." Jamie and Matt have had a previous fling as well and, while high on cocaine, they start making out. Craig catches them and storms out. Matt catches up to him and Craig asks him to leave with him right then. Matt hesitates and Craig leaves. Craig returns to Blackpool and agrees to take the fight. Matt, preparing for the club opening, decides to go to Blackpool after him. Kelvin fires him from the club and the record company. Matt meets Craig\'s brother Tony, who figures out the nature of their relationship. Tony, who just wants Craig to be happy, helps Matt find him, finally tracking him down at the fight. Craig loses badly, but he\'s bet all the money he made in London against himself and makes a big payday. Matt and Craig decide to give it another go.'] ["Jim ([[Alun Armstrong  is a Latin teacher who is retiring after a long career at the same public school he attended as a boy. He has led a sheltered and lonely life and is determined to see the world and fall in love. His plans are delayed when his father ([[David Morris  has a stroke. The cab that picks Jim up from school is driven by Ray ([[Paul Freeman , a widower whose grown children, Caz  and Little Ray , use him as an unpaid babysitter for their kids. Ray also feels lonely and unfulfilled, and the terminal illness of his friend Billy  has made him face his own mortality. He is inspired to take charge of his own life after learning of Jim's plans. Despite their different backgrounds, shy academic Jim and former football hooligan Ray become friends. Although Jim is sexually inexperienced and Ray has lived a lifetime as a heterosexual, their friendship eventually develops into a romantic relationship. The situation is further complicated by the reactions of Ray's children."] ["The film recounts the events in the life of Colonel Margarethe Cammermeyer which led to her retirementCammermeyer's website from the Washington National Guard under the U.S. military's gay exclusion policy."] ['The story takes place in Manhattan during the height of the AIDS epidemic and revolves around the title character ([[Steven Weber , a gay man who has sworn off sex because of it. Almost immediately thereafter he meets Steve , a hunky, charming HIV+ man. He then experiences an emotional conflict as he must face his fear in order to accept love, often breaking the fourth wall to do so.'] ["Henry Hart is a successful gay artist from New York City who returns to his rural hometown in Montana to care for his ailing grandfather. Henry is welcomed back by the townsfolk, all of whom are aware of his sexuality and are highly accepting and even supportive towards him . However, during the months he stays in the town, Henry is forced to confront his unresolved feelings for his high school friend Dean Stewart, while simultaneously beginning to fall in love with Pike Dexter, the shy Native American owner of the town's general store."] ['Finding North tells the story of Rhonda , a bank teller who\'s depressed upon turning 30, and Travis , a gay man who\'s recently lost his lover to AIDS and grown suicidal. Travis receives an audio tape recorded by his lover, Bobby, before his death which sends him on a scavenger hunt of sorts to Bobby\'s home town in Texas. Through a series of mishaps, Rhonda ends up accompanying him on his journey. Together they follow Bobby\'s instructions as best they can, collecting items that represent Bobby\'s past, despite the many changes to the town in the years since Bobby left. Ultimately they end up at the gravesite Bobby\'s parents had prepared for him decades earlier. They bury the collected items at Bobby\'s instruction and together start to try "finding North" .'] ['After filming a porn video and being ripped off by the producer , India  meets a street hustler. Moments later they are attacked by a pair of gay bashers. They split up and run and the bashers pursue India in their Jeep. They stop short at the sight of India standing next to Destiny  a vigilante African American drag queen pointing a gun at them. Destiny vandalizes the Jeep and takes the coat from one of the bashers. Destiny invites the homeless India to live with her. There he meets Lester , a young lesbian and another of Destiny\'s "orphans." The next morning, upon learning that Destiny is a porn director India panics and plans to leave. He tells Destiny about being ripped off and she asks if he wants to kill the producer. He says yes, and that he wants to kill all straight people. India goes to the producer\'s home with a gun. He finds the producer and pulls the trigger, but the gun is not loaded. A few days later, as they discuss plans to foment the collapse of the straight world, Destiny, India and Lester meet Spencer , a graffiti artist and self-proclaimed "bomber," They immediately "adopt" him. After spending the night together, Spencer and India discover the basher\'s address inside his coat and decide they want to go bash him. As Destiny and her friend Matinee  socialize in Destiny\'s car, Officer Vic Damone  comes to warn them that the police are on the lookout for roving bands of vigilante drag queens and to watch out for themselves. Destiny  advises him that they\'re already always watching out for themselves. Spencer and India are approached on the street by a photographer. As the pair pose together nude on a bed, Spencer recites a litany of injuries he has received at the hands of his parents and other straights. India tries to comfort him but Spencer says he no longer has feelings and doesn\'t let anyone in. India vows to protect him from the straights. The next morning, on the way to the basher\'s house, India discovers a detonator in Spencer\'s backpack. Spencer tells him that he plans to blow up his parents. India tries to dissuade him but Spencer is not convinced that bombing straights isn\'t the way to go. India and Spencer spot the basher in his neighborhood and argue over whether they should bash him as Spencer wants or try to "save" him as India wants. India has adopted Destiny\'s theory, that all gay bashers are themselves repressed gays who need to be saved. India returns the basher\'s jacket. The basher, Guy , admits that he\'s gay. He packs his things and tells the other basher, his roommate Quentin  that he\'s gay, he loves him and believes Quentin loves him too. Quentin has a gun to his head, contemplating suicide, but is interrupted by his brother. Quentin angrily acknowledges that he is gay and drives away. Destiny tells Vic she\'s in love with him and Vic tells Destiny he\'s in love with her too. As Vic leaves for work, he passes India, Spencer and Guy with his gun pointed in their general direction. They confront Destiny about being involved with a cop, until Destiny realizes who Guy is and orders him out. India and Spencer threaten to leave with him, but Guy agrees to go. India appeals to Destiny and she relents. India and Spencer chase after him but can\'t find him. Meanwhile, Guy returnes to the apartment and apologizes for attacking them. Destiny accepts him and Lester nicknames him "Killer." India wants to make plans for the evening with Spencer but Spencer already has plans, to blow up his parents. India begs him not to go, saying that he won\'t come back from it. Destiny interrupts another gay bashing. The basher strikes her with a baseball bat and Destiny shoots him. Later, Vic comforts her and Destiny tells him he has to be careful around her kids. They all have "police stories." Quentin, in response to a message from Guy, arrives at Destiny\'s apartment, where he finds Guy in bed with India and Spencer. Quentin orders him to come away with him, giving him the choice of "straight or dead." The boys argue that Quentin is in love with Guy and Quentin breaks down, admitting how much in love with Guy he is. Quentin again points the gun at his own head but Guy stops him and they kiss. India appeals again to Spencer not to blow up his parents. He says that if Spencer really wants to kill them, he will help, but if Spencer really wants to blow them away, he will stay with India. "All we have to do is kiss, because when two guys kiss it\'s like a bomb going off in the straight world. Our kisses are louder than bombs." Spencer admits that he has fallen in love with India but is terrified because he\'s losing control. But he also feels safe, like he\'s home. India tells him that wherever they are, as long as they are together they\'re home. They kiss, and with each kiss they call out a target that their kiss has destroyed like a bomb, finally declaring that they will blow up the whole straight world.'] ['Antonio  is a curious fifteen-year-old boy who is beginning to come to terms with his own sexuality. Although his straight best friend, Mike , has been supportive of his coming out, his first sexual conquest has led to the destruction of his friendship with his other best buddy, Nathan . Antonio’s exploration of his identity unfolds as his family begins to break up. His altruistic mother, Tere  is in complete denial that his father has already abandoned them. Antonio temporarily shares his room with his uncle Jonbert . He sexually touches his uncle while the latter is sleeping. The next day Jonbert tells Antonio that he noticed what Antonio did, and enjoyed it. From then on they regularly masturbate each other and have oral sex. However, one day Jonbert wants to anally penetrate Antonio, and rapes him when he declines. His mother arrives and kills Jonbert.'] ['Hank  and Gene  are fired from their trucker jobs after an alcohol-fueled brawl. The two search for opportunities in the blue-collar workforce, but are often distracted by other men along the way.'] ['The movie is set in a small Argentine town in south Patagonia. Lucas , a 16-year-old boy full of testosterone, plays in a punk rock band with his friend Nacho . When he meets a girl, Andrea , the three mutually engage in drug use and sexual exploration.{{cite website}}'] ['{{Unreferenced section}} Howie Blitzer  is deeply affected by the death of his mother in a car accident on the Long Island Expressway, a situation made worse by his relationship with his distant father Marty , who brought a trophy girlfriend into the house less than a month after his wife\'s death. Howie\'s only solace is the company of his best friend Gary Terrio ([[Billy Kay , a juvenile delinquent and hustler. Gary is attracted to Howie, but Howie is unsure of his own sexuality. They have two other friends their age, one of whom, Kevin , has an incestuous relationship with his sister. The four boys routinely break into neighborhood houses. One night, they break into the house of Big John Harrigan ([[Brian Cox  during his birthday party. Gary knows his way around the house; it is later revealed Big John is one of his steady clients. Big John discovers them, ripping a pocket off Howie\'s pants as they escape with a pair of valuable North Vietnamese pistols. John confronts Gary over the burglary and Gary names Howie as his accomplice. He approaches the boy at a diner, pretending that he knew his mother. He offers the boy a ride home and Howie is impressed that Big John happens to drive Howie\'s dream car. Once he has gained Howie\'s trust, however, he pulls out the torn pocket and demands that Howie return the guns. Howie gets only one gun back from Gary\'s room, and returns it. John wants $1000 compensation for the other gun and Howie offers to work for him to pay off the debt. John puts on a pornographic video, then sits down beside Howie. He starts to stroke the boy\'s thigh and says, "What have you got that\'s worth a thousand dollars?" Howie does not respond to his advances, and quickly leaves the house. When he returns home, Howie masturbates to a fantasy involving both John and the girl in the video. Gary then steals money from Howie\'s father and disappears to Los Angeles. This abandonment affects Howie and his confusion over his sexual identity worsens. John and Howie begin a tenuous friendship in which John becomes a kind of father figure to the boy. There is no sexual activity, but there is talk of sex. Howie realizes that he wields sexual power over John, something John is all too aware of. Howie stays over at John\'s house and John asks Scott, his 19-year-old lover, to go and stay in a motel for a few nights. Howie wanders round the house and discovers a stash of child pornography. Some are pictures of a younger Gary and others are of a blond 11-year-old boy, confirming that John is a pedophile. Scott  comes into the room and warns Howie not to take John from him. Meanwhile, Marty, whose fraudulent construction practices are unraveling, happens to see Howie playing hooky from school. He loses his temper and hits the boy. That same day, he is arrested for installing cheap wiring, and when Howie returns home to find him missing, believes his father has abandoned him. Later that evening he comes into John\'s bedroom wearing just his underpants, expecting John to sleep with him. When John tells Howie his father didn\'t abandon him, but is in jail, Howie breaks down and cries. John leaves him to sleep by himself. The next morning, John is all charm, fixing Howie breakfast and taking him to see his father in jail. Howie\'s father apologizes for hitting him, and promises to spend more time with him once he is out of prison. Howie is unconvinced, and merely tells his father never to hit him again. After dropping Howie off, John returns to the local rest area where young hustlers wait for johns, and sits in his car. Scott, devastated by John\'s abandonment, drives by and shoots him dead. In the final scene, Howie contemplates the expressway, vowing he won\'t let it get him too.'] ["Dorian realizes he is gay in his final year of high school. He meets another gay youth locally, but remains confused, and finally comes out to his brother, Nicky. Nicky is a scholarship-winning quarterback and favorite son to their heteronormative and argumentative father. Dorian starts therapy, then resorts to confession in the Church. When his therapist and the church politely avoid offering any real help, Dorian has his first intimate encounter with a local gay youth. Dorian goes back to Nick, who was at first reluctant to accept his brother's sexuality. Nick attempts to teach Dorian how to fight and arranges to have him spend a night with a prostitute in order to make him become straight; from these efforts Dorian gains only a concussion and lesson in dancing, respectively. After much soul-searching, Dorian comes out to his father  for which he is kicked out of the house after a very surreal argument over whether or not Dorian is gay. Dad is very preoccupied with who else may know of Dorian's defective nature although Nick confesses that he knows and an anticlimatic scene resolves with Dorian packing his bags. Dorian moves to New York City, a city he adores. Dorian expresses all kinds of angst over his life style, defending his true nature to his father over the Christmas holidays. Returning to New York, Dorian experiences a series of encounters with the darker side of homosexuality. Dorian finds a boyfriend, but he gets dumped after two months with no reason given. Dorian develops a deep depression and finally, in despair gives in to it, coincidental to Nicky visiting Dorian in the city. Nicky reluctantly joins Dorian with friends at Dorian's favorite local gay bar. Just as Dorian pleads with a friend to flaunt his newly found popularity, Nicky reunites with obsequious football friends—stealing Dorian's thunder. Dorian then learns his exboyfriend dumped him for another close friend. The after-discussion of the evening revolves around Nick defending his sexuality to Dorian in the face of Nick's football friends being gay and Dorian defending his own sexuality to his brother. Later that night, Dorian awakes to Nicky crying and learn that Nick was cut from the football team and was stripped of his scholarship. In the middle of the discussion, they both learn their father has died of a heart attack. At the funeral, Dorian's mother, finally freed of the overbearing influence of Dorians father, tells Dorian she regrets not stopping his father from being angry with him."] ["Elvira , an attractive but insecure twenty something, joins her sisters Jimena  and Sol  at their mother's house. As they prepare to celebrate their mother Sofía's birthday, their mother —a divorced concert pianist—announces that she's fallen in love, but is interrupted by the doorbell as she describes her new partner. While she goes to get the door, the three sisters gleefully speculate about her new boyfriend. Their joy suddenly gives way to shock though when their mother returns with Eliska , and they realize that their mother is a lesbian. The girls handle the shock in different ways. Elvira confides in her shrink Mazo while Sol composes a song about her mother and her lesbian relationship for her band. While Jimena herself doesn't act out in the same way, her husband is concerned about how his mother-in-law's sexuality affects his image at work. When the girls find out that their mother has given the much younger Eliska a significant amount of money, they become suspicious of Eliska and plot to find a way to get their mother to break up with her."] ['Guy Stone  is blissfully closeted, picking up tricks for one-night-stands, while capturing the country\'s heart as "America\'s most eligible bachelor" . However, Guy\'s carefully managed façade collapses when he comes up for the lead in S.R.O. studio\'s version of Ben-Hur. Things turn sour for the film idol when a fellow actor, Freddie Stevens  , decides to steal the lead in Ben-Hur from Guy by taking a picture of Guy exiting a gay bar. Freddie plans to out Guy to the world and ruin his career. Jerry , Guy\'s repressed lesbian ball-bustingly ambitious agent, connives to cover up the impending outing and ensure Guy the role in Ben-Hur by marrying her client off with great fanfare to the studio head\'s secretary, Sally , who just happens to also be a slavishly devoted Guy Stone fan. However, Sally isn\'t aware the marriage is a sham. To avoid his adoring new bride as much as possible, Guy has Jerry sign him onto the next available film, which turns out to be \'Blood Mine\' — a disastrously arch pro-union film about the corrupt goings on at a coal mine . The studio head, in fear of the red-baiting going on in Hollywood at the time, decides — true to Hollywood stereotype — rather than stop production on the film to instead water down the pro-union content wherever possible. The young, idealistic, and terribly handsome writer of the novel that the film is based on, Rick Foster, quickly gets roped into convoluting the plot of this already-bad adaptation of his heartfelt book largely because of a chance meeting between him and the film\'s star, Guy. The attraction the two men feel for one another is instantaneous and propels the rest of the plot forward.'] ["The film follows Quentin Crisp’s move in the late 1970s from London to New York, where he was embraced by celebrities and artists.<ref namehttp://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1|authorCynthia Nixon joins 'Englishman'|work22 August 2008|accessdate http://web.archive.org/web/20080917074849/http://www.variety.com/article/VR1117990954.html?categoryid1| archivedate no}}"] ["The film deals with the myriad complications arising from Venla's  desire to have a child. Her longtime boyfriend Antero  is reluctant, fearing that fatherhood will imperil his last chance to succeed in his speed skating career and by seeing his friend go through fatherhood. Antero does some extreme things to avoid getting Velna pregnant and she begins to be equally devious in her attempts to conceive. Venla seeks help from her bisexual co-worker at a fertility clinic and the relationship between the two begins to blossom amongst many setbacks."] ["The film opens with Oscar Wilde's 1882 visit to Leadville, Colorado during his lecture tour of the United States. Despite his flamboyant personality and urbane wit, he proves to be a success with the local silver miners as he regales them with tales of Renaissance silversmith Benvenuto Cellini. Wilde returns to London and weds Constance Lloyd , and they have two sons in quick succession. While their second child is still an infant, the couple hosts a young Canadian named Robbie Ross , who seduces Wilde and helps him come to terms with his homosexuality. On the opening night of his play Lady Windermere's Fan, Oscar is re-introduced to the dashingly handsome and openly foppish poet Lord Alfred Douglas , whom he had met briefly the year before, and the two fall into a passionate and tempestuous relationship. Hedonistic Alfred is not content to remain monogamous and frequently engages in sexual activity with rent boys while his older lover plays the role of voyeur. Alfred's father, the Marquess of Queensberry , objects to his son's relationship with Oscar and demeans the playwright shortly after the opening of The Importance of Being Earnest. When Oscar sues the Marquess for criminal libel against him, his homosexuality is publicly exposed; he is eventually tried for gross indecency and sentenced to two years' hard labour. In prison, he is visited by his wife, who tells him she isn't divorcing him but is taking their sons to Germany and that he is welcome to visit as long as he never sees Douglas again. Oscar is released from prison and goes straight into exile to continental Europe. In spite of the advice or objections of others, he eventually meets with Alfred. Throughout the film, portions of the well-loved Wilde story The Selfish Giant are woven in, first by Wilde telling the story to his children, then as narrator, finishing the story as the film ends."] 