["Rafael, a young man from the provinces, works as a waiter in a resort and helps himself economically having sex for money with rich older women. During a bomb threat, he is discovered in bed with one of the guest, Leonor Marchioness of Montenegro, and he is fired as a consequence. The Marchioness of Montenegro is an aging aristocrat, ruined economically, but still with wealthy and influential friends. She helps Rafael finds a new job in Madrid as the gardener in the mansion of Antonio Fernández Herrador, Minister of economy in the new democratic Spanish government. Rafael quickly adapts in his job as a gardener and befriends Chema, the son of Angelina the mansion’s housekeeper. Chema explains to Rafael that Martha, the minister’s secretary, is the most powerful person in the household. Rafael is brought to the notice of his employers when he suffers a mild injury during a botched attempt to the life of the minister. Immersed in his political career, the minister neglects his beautiful young wife, Teresa. Their marriage is going through a rough patch. Teresa, sexually frustrated with her husband’s impotence, begins to pay attention to the attractive young gardener. Martha, a lesbian who actually lust after Teresa, has sex with Manuel before the young man becomes Teresa’s lover under the watchful eyes of both Martha and the Marchioness of Montenegro. The Marchioness, who truly cares about Rafael, wants to take advantage of the situation. She offers her help to the lovers and her house becomes the retreat for Teresa and Rafael's intimate encounters. Soon after, the Marchioness presses the Minister Fernández Herrador to help her obtain a large bank loan necessary to save her from total economic ruin. The situation become murkier when a leftist terrorist group contact Rafael. They need the gardener’s help in order to know the whereabouts of the Minister since they are planning his kidnapping. Rafael does not want to get involve and, afraid, tries to escape to his hometown, but the terrorist threaten him. Desperate, Rafael tells the situation to the Marchioness who offers her help since she still has powerful friends in the security forces loyal to the old regime. However, before she can do something, the terrorist, who have been following Rafael’s every move, kill the Marchioness. Her assassination is considered political motivated since she was a well-known activist in right wing causes. Teresa becomes pregnant by her lover and wants to have the baby. She gives the news to Rafael who tells her about the terrorist and his certainty that they killed the Marchioness. Rafael and Teresa talk about it with Martha, who advised them to confess all to the Minister. The minister is outrage. He would like his wife to have an abortion, but she is determined to have the child. Confronted with his wife threats of divorce, the minister reluctantly accepts the situation since otherwise a scandal would ruin his political ambitions. The minister confines these problems to Lara, a member the security forces. Lara assigns the investigation of the terrorist kidnapping threats to Romero, a hard-boiled detective linked with the security forces of the government. Romero interrogates Rafael, who identifies the terrorist through photographs. Soon after, the terrorist are killed by secret security agents of the government. Romero tells Rafael that the terrorist were killed in a settling of accounts among themselves. Lara and Romero meet to talk about the investigation, but during a brief absence by Romero, Lara is killed by a gunman. The plan to kidnap the minister is actually a hoax in which Fernández Herrador has been involved all along with Martha’s complicity. The minister has accepted a three thousand million bribery deal from an international corporation interested in building five nuclear plans. Fernández Herrador’s idea is to run away with the money to South America under the cover of a new identity. To all, he would have been killed by his kidnappers. Romero discovers the minister’s plans and confronts him, but Fernández Herrador persuades Romero to accept money in exchange for his silence. Martha’s motivation has been to have Teresa only for herself once the minister has escaped. She wanted to kill Rafael, but Chema sees her threatening Rafael at gun point and Romero stos her. Perplexed at her husband’s plan, Teresa tells all to Rafael, who has been an unwilling participant in the minister’s plan. She encourages her lover to flee. The next day, Rafael hears the news on T.V that the Minister Fernández Herrador has been kidnapped. Rafael wants to buy a ticket to travel outside Madrid, but he is stopped by Romero. Romero said he has a job to offer him."] ['Cops take sexual advantage of the men they pull over on the beat. A newbie cop is forced to choose between his emotions and his ambition.'] ["The film tracks Jack Wrangler's evening at the titular Adonis Theatre, a notorious Times Square movie house."] ["A homeless schizophrenic , thinks he's an alien zombie sent to earth. Roaming the streets of Los Angeles in search of dead bodies, he tries to bring the dead back to life by engaging in homosexual sex."] ['First Novella of the Third Day: Eric Flower is the deaf-mute drifter looking for work; Jean Franko, Alberto Ventura and Marco Sisto are the farmers. Eight novella of the Eight Day: Jean discovers that his best friend and his own boyfriend are messing around behind his back and sets out to get even.'] ["Four episodes set in/around a Tuscan farm. The narrator  daydreams about the many men he's longed for: Mark and Pietro in the first flashback, Jean Franko and Alexy Tyler cruising each other by the pool, Roberto Giorgio and Ethan Clarke messing around in their bedroom, Lucas Andrades and Glenn Santoro at the trattoria. In the final flashback, Samuel reminisces about his affairs with Mark Federico."] ['Tony Stefano finds Steve Henson and Mike Raymond breaking into his apartment. After he deals with them, Tony then goes to his bed and then fantasizes a male-to-male threesome scene. Meanwhile, Mark Miller, Christopher Lance, Bill Joseph, and Kevin Luken are engaging an orgy on the roof of the apartment building. In the next scenario, Mike Raymond voyeurs at Tom Brock by the window and then engage each other. In the last scenario, Jim Pulver and Jeff Quinn hook each other up in an empty subway car.This bracketed phrase actually appears in the film. in the next Matt Sterling film, coming February 1986". * Scene 1: Tony Stefano, Steve Henson, and Mike Raymond * Scene 2: Mark Miller, Christopher Lance, Bill Joseph, and Kevin Luken * Scene 3: Steve Wright, Doug Jensen, and Toby Matson; Tony Stefano, fantasizing * Scene 4: Mike Raymond and Tom Brock * Scene 5: Jim Pulver and Jeff Quinn'] ['Michael Lucas plays Marcus Von Halpern, head of a New York fashion empire, who enlists the help of Valentine Moore, played by Gus Mattox. Von Halpern wants Moore, a world-renown photographer and "player", to seduce Sebastian Lacroix , the new lover of Von Halpern\'s ex-boyfriend, Tom Mercedes ([[Kent Larson . Moore agrees on one condition: he gets a night with Von Halpern as his reward. Lacroix receives a call from his modeling agent informing him that he\'s booked for a photo-shoot with Moore. His boyfriend, Mercedes, warns Lacroix about Moore\'s reputation and advises him that Moore is not trustworthy. This segues into the first sex scene of the film, with Lacroix and Mercedes each topping the other in a flip-flop encounter. In the following scene, Mercedes is seduced by his employee Matt Cody . They engage in sexual activity on the conference table in the boardroom when the cleaning guy  shows up and joins in. Meanwhile, Moore sets up his photography session with Lacroix and engages another model, J., to seduce Lacroix. Lacroix is later guilt-ridden. Cody meets with Von Halpern, who wants to solicit information about Cody\'s boss, Von Halpern\'s ex-boyfriend, Mercedes. Another sex scene ensues. Von Halpern\'s current boyfriend Bobby  discovers Von Halpern\'s infidelity and seduces Moore to get even. Since Von Halpern has reneged on his payment to Moore in the form of a night together, Moore responds favorably to Bobby\'s advances. The cameo appearances occur during the final scene, set as the opening night of Moore\'s new gallery exhibit. There is an additional plot twist as a main character is murdered at the end.'] ['The movie starts off with the live action sequence of two real life guys lying in bed watching Saturday morning cartoons. The two guys are obviously a gay couple. They then find on television, The House of Morecock and the viewer then watches what the twosome can see on their TV. We are then introduced to Jonas Morecock, and we then follow him on a series of adventures, including meeting Bigfoot, a chance encounter with a Merman and being face to face with the Loch Ness Monster. All of the situations end up with Jonas having sex with at least one other guy. The film parodies a lot of mainstream television and films including The Little Mermaid, The Blair Witch Project, Godzilla, The X-Files, Titanic, Psycho and Jaws. There are a total of ten episodes contained on the DVD, each featuring a different story involving Jonas.'] ['The boss of a car shop  is in dire need of a good mechanic to fix a broken down car. The shop is completely run by men, but a female mechanic named Billie  decides to apply after seeing a "help wanted" sign. The boss gives her a shot if she can fix broken down vehicle that all the other mechanics haven\'t been able to fix. If accomplished she\'s hired, but if she doesn\'t, she must leave the premises and go out on a date with him. To the dismay of the men, she agrees to the challenge, as she is looking for a job. She gets the car started and stuns everyone with her skills and is immediately hired. All the mechanics make it difficult for her, especially one of the men , play practical jokes and pranks to get her to leave. Cameron and Billie do not like each other, but there is strong tension between them. After catching each other watching the boss and his girlfriend ([[Lola  engaging in sex inside the office, they become friendly with one another. The next time the guys start trouble with Billie, Cameron jumps in to defend her and tell all of them to leave her alone. The film ends with Cameron and Billie falling in love and embracing each other with a kiss. The film stars Blake Riley, Cameron Marshall, Wolf Hudson, Johnny Hazzard, Shy Love, Lola, Lee Stephens, Krystal Kali, Britney Amber, Cody Springs and Ryan Alexander.'] ['Five vignettes, each illustrating a different attitude towards sex. Passionate love-making, rape, casual sex, repression and obsession are explored by a mostly Italian cast, led by newcomers Bruno Boni, Daniele Montana and Alessio Mancini.'] ['New Secret Service agent Mike Connelly, assigned to protect President-elect Jack Cahill, becomes uneasy having to protect a President who is having an affair with a friend\'s wife. Connelly feels even worse about it after preventing an assassination attempt aboard the President-elect\'s plane by shooting to death a mole agent who was about to shoot the President-elect. Cahill is unharmed, but a flight attendant is accidentally killed in the process. Connelly\'s boss tries to assure him that his job is to protect the Presidency itself without regard to the President\'s personal issues. Sensing Connelly\'s discomfort in the President\'s personality, Connelly is reassigned to a new post where he wouldn\'t have to worry about protecting the President at all; guarding the President\'s nuclear football. In this movie, the nuclear football is a high-tech laptop computer inside a briefcase, which can only be accessed using a two key system  along with thumbprint and eye retina scans from the President. Just like the real football, the agent guarding it must be within 30 seconds of the President at all times and must protect the football at all costs, even if the President himself is in danger . Meanwhile, the newly inaugurated President is planning on a meeting with Fung, the President of Taiwan to discuss the strained relationship between Taiwan and the People\'s Republic of China. Later, Agent Phillips returns home and finds his family being held hostage, by who are later revealed to be Fung\'s henchmen and force Phillips to participate in a plot to steal the football from the President. When President Cahill and President Fung are at Taiwan aboard Fung\'s ship, Fung insists that he feels that peaceful co-existence with mainland China may no longer be possible and that drastic action must be taken to ensure China does not invade Taiwan. Soon afterwards, Fung\'s henchmen beginning killing all the other agents, leaving Agent Connelly as the only loyal agent left . Fung\'s men along with Fung\'s girlfriend Iris are successful in stealing the football and Fung, with Agent Phillips  at gunpoint, forces Phillips to open the football . Agent Phillips is then killed afterward and has his football key taken from him. Revealing his true intentions, Fung forces Cahill to activate the football , explaining that he will use the US\'s ICBMs to launch a nuclear strike on China, beginning with Beijing, hoping that this will lead a revolution among his people towards "a new beginning" of Taiwanese freedom and pointing out that since he alone controls all of the US\'s missiles, he would not have to worry about mutually assured destruction of both China and the United States, just the United States when China retaliates. Meanwhile, Vice President Valdez is informed of the situation and Fung makes a phone call to her explaining that he has seized control of the United States\' nuclear missiles and will launch one against Beijing unless within 24 hours both China and the United States recognize Taiwan\'s independence and pledging that the United States will use its fully military might against China if it tries to invade Taiwan. Valdez insists that this would never be possible and later Fung follows through with his threat, launching a first strike against Beijing using an ICBM from Nebraska. Valdez first contacts the President of Russia to assure that the missile is not targeted towards Russia. Then Valdez contacts Chairman Tzu of China to explain the situation and that the United States did not launch the missile and is therefore not responsible. She also offers to give Tzu the chance to shoot the missile out of the sky but Tzu angrily points out that this would be impossible. It is then that he gives the order to launch a retaliatory strike against the United States using one of China\'s ICBMs, which he calls "an eye for an eye". True to his word, the missile is targeted for Washington, DC. After Beijing and later Washington are destroyed, Tzu launches a second strike using several of China\'s missiles as further retaliation for the destruction of China\'s capital. Meanwhile, Iris is revealed to Agent Connelly to be an undercover Chinese agent whose assignment was to recover the football and return it to Beijing. But even she had no idea Fung would actually launch missiles against her country, and points out that China would no doubt retaliate against the US in response to the attack, thus she points out now they both have a common interest. Together they are able to escape Fung\'s ship and follow Fung and the still kidnapped President to Hong Kong. They are both ultimately successful in taking out all but one of Fung\'s henchmen. The last remaining one strangles Iris to death however and continues his search for Agent Connelly. Meanwhile, Connelly finds President Cahill held at gunpoint by Fung who still has the football. Fung along with Agent Thornton orders Connelly to surrender or else either Fung or Thornton will kill the President. It is then Cahill says for Connelly to "remember your duty". Fung at first thinks he means the duty of protecting the President, but then Connelly points out that he is on football duty and that it\'s "some other guy\'s job" to protect the President. Connelly shoots the President in the leg which shocks Fung and distracts him just long enough to allow Connelly to take him and Agent Thornton out. Connelly and President Cahill now are in control of the football and begin the process of deactivating it. The last of Fung\'s henchmen however, is able to fatally wound the President before Connelly can take him out. But not before President Cahill is successfully able to deactivate the football. By doing so, Vice President Valdez and NORAD have regained control of the United States\' nuclear arsenal. Valdez gives this news to Chairman Tzu and says that he may now order the destruction of his missiles. Tzu refuses, thinking Valdez is bluffing. Valdez then gives the order to NORAD that "Stage One is a go", which Tzu is horrified to find out is in fact a launch of several of the US\' ICBMs. Valdez warns Tzu has one minute to destroy his missiles, and if he does, Valdez will destroy her missiles and points out to Tzu that he does not want to know what "Stage Two" is. Just when it seems all hope is lost however, Tzu complies with Valdez\'s instructions and destroys all his missiles which soon afterwards Valdez does the same with hers. Thus a major nuclear war was narrowly averted.'] ["In this mockumentary, Vance ([[Michael Venus  and Pepe , two hosts of a renowned reality makeover series, find out their show has been cancelled. Desperate for work, they anxiously devise a plan to use their fame to find new careers in the porn industry. Sensing a train wreck is near, a documentary crew follow the 'famous' reality TV duo as they try to create a porn based on 'Showgirls' and 'Twilight' but find out that making it big in porn is a long and hard process."] ['Hank , a trucker, turns out new hire Joe on a long haul to the West Coast. The men masturbate together while on the road and participate in an all-male orgy at a truckers\' bunkhouse in Los Angeles. The film features several trucking related double-entendres such as "wide load", "heavy load" and "men at work".{{sfn}}'] ['Giorgio Salieri swears off dating men. He packs and relocates to a remote village in Tuscany. But the village is no shelter and Giorgio must once again fend off the many temptations. In the process, Giorgio decides he wants to give love a second chance.'] ['The core plot begins with the kidnapping of Patrick, the son of a wealthy industrialist. Sexual and romantic engtanglements push the drama forward. At the film\'s climax, Gudrun delivers a soliloquy on the importance of personal life in revolution. She puts particular emphasis on the breaking of heterosexual and possessive sexual norms, urging her comrades to join "The Homosexual Intifada". The pressure of Gudrun\'s controlling personality causes the group to break up. Most of the urban guerrillas escape into the night. In the dénouement, the characters are visited some time later. Several have found happiness in the homosexual relationships established during their revolutionary activities. Che has become a terrorist trainer in the Middle East. Patrick escapes with Clyde, where they embark on a spree of bank robberies. This action is reminiscent of Patty Hearst\'s actions with the SLA. Gudrun and Holger settle down and have a child named Ulrike , whom Gudrun believes could embody the next generation of the Red Army Faction.'] ['The movie opens on the lab of mad scientist Dr. VonFockingcock, testing his new invention, The Ultimate Orgasmarator, via a sex romp with his twink assistant. An aircraft attacks the lab, and the scientist and his creation are captured. In futuristic yet gothic Eros City, the local superhero Stonewall and his young sidekick Riot are introduced while chasing down and catching the villain Doctor Cocktopus. Afterward, the city\'s police chief informs the pair of the attack on VonFockingcock, and they determine to find the culprit, and foil what they reason must be a grand plan to wreak havoc on the city with the scientist\'s invention. Riot suspects master criminal Polecat, who\'s recently been released from prison on a legal technicality, and they raid his gay strip joint, the Kit Kat Club. The ensuing battle and sex scene with the flamboyant villain reveals that Polecat is guilty... of a completely different robbery, and knows nothing of VonFockingcock and his Orgasmarator. Stonewall then suggests local rogues gallery The Masters of Doom, and he and Riot depart for the Masters\' headquarters. There, the team (Snake Johnson, Dr. Probe, The Flame, [[bondage  are brainstorming plans for "the total sexual domination of Eros City" when the heroes crash in an orgy breaks out. The experience is enjoyable for all, but again the duo have the wrong guys. They return to their base, and after a flashback details Stonewall\'s origin story, the pair split up and a montage sequence follows, detailing their investigations of and romps with Webmaster, Chicken Hawk, Polar Bear, and Size Queen ... exhausting all of the remaining suspects, except for the insane crime boss French Tickler. Attacking his base, they find that the Tickler is holding VonFockingcock, and planning to use the Orgazmarator to cure his sexual dysfunction and plunge the city into climax and chaos. Stonewall brings the villain to his knees, while Riot engages the henchmen, and the doctor is rescued and the plot foiled. The film ends when Stonewall and Riot flys to the reporting citing of Cockmander and Arse Lick. After the credits, the talking dildo attempts to call his mother although he doesn\'t have any hands.'] ['Last Summer on the Italian Riviera. Love and lust set the hotel afire: the bellboys get busy, Dario falls in love with Erik, his father struggles with his own sexuality, his best friend wastes no opportunity.'] ['Demetrius and Octavius are Roman countrymen sold into slavery for not paying their taxes during Emperor Caligula\'s reign. Demetrius is purchased by the Emperor and taught to be a "good slave" by Argus while Octavius is claimed by a sadistic commander. The commander wants the bound Demetrius but is refused. Octavius sneaks in while the guards are asleep and frees Demetrius.'] ['17-year-old Justine  bemoans being a virgin so, after being stood-up on a date, goes to a virtual reality exhibition with friend Chas . There she encounters a virtual makeover machine which she uses to create a 3-D image of her perfect man. After a freak power-cut Justine finds herself inside that male body, becoming her own ideal mate . Naming this alternate self "Jake", she/he moves in with Chas to try and come to terms with being a teenage boy. Jake then realises that an unaltered version of Justine is still around unaware of his existence. This unaltered Justine, on meeting Jake, falls for him unaware of the complications this poses. Jake fends her off by feigning interest in the infamous local man-eater known as "the Hoover". A frustrated Justine then decides she must lose her virginity at any cost, and dates town sleaze Alex to achieve this. As the big date looms, Chas and Jake do all they can to thwart Justine\'s plans.'] ['Hank  and Gene  are fired from their trucker jobs after an alcohol-fueled brawl. The two search for opportunities in the blue-collar workforce, but are often distracted by other men along the way.'] 