['Paul  is a projectionist in a Detroit theater who is reading about the 16th century disappearance of the Roanoke Colony when the lights suddenly go out in the theater. He finds that all the staff and patrons have mysteriously vanished, leaving only their clothes and non-biological parts behind. He comes across a security guard who is holding a flashlight. As Paul had a headlamp on for his reading they deduce that people holding sources of light are protected against whatever dwells in the darkness. The guard\'s flashlight goes out, and he vanishes. As Paul investigates, his head lamp goes out as well. The following morning, news reporter Luke  wakes to find that there is no power in the building. After descending from his apartment, he notices that the doorman is missing and the paper is still the previous day\'s edition. People have completely vanished from downtown streets, now littered with abandoned cars and pieces of clothing. He heads to the news station to find his girlfriend, and it is later revealed that he discovered a recording which shows his girlfriend vanishing on air when the lights go out. The only thing he is able to recover is her ring. Three days pass, and Luke is alone trying to scavenge flashlight batteries or other sources of light. He briefly encounters a man who is taken by the darkness, before coming across a bar being powered by a backup generator. The bartender\'s young son, James , allows Luke to enter, followed soon after by another survivor, Rosemary . Rosemary proves distant due to the trauma of her baby disappearing during the blackout, while James is convinced that his mother is at a church down the street and will soon return. They hear a man outside, and see Paul, who has mysteriously ended up under the lit sign of a bus stop across the road. Luke leaves the safety of the bar to recover him and Paul reveals that he had been taken by the darkness, but the headlight that he had on had activated and he had found himself in the street three days later. Due to Paul\'s massive concussion, Rosemary says that they need to find a hospital, and Luke suggests going to Chicago, where he saw a recording of a man just before the power went out at the news station three days prior. Paul tells them about the mystery of the Roanoke Colony where over a hundred settlers disappeared overnight, and they seem to be experiencing the same sort of occurrence. He tells them that the word "CROATOAN" was found carved into a tree at the site of the empty colony when the next ship arrived. With the generator running down due to extended use, they realize it is only a matter of time before the power goes out on them. Luke comes up with a plan to take one of the nearly dead trucks on the street and feed power to it with the generator. He and Rosemary leave to obtain one, nearly getting caught in the darkness when the vehicle breaks down and they lose the light. Rosemary hears a baby crying in the dark, ignoring Luke\'s warnings that it is the darkness trying to trick her, she is lured under a solitary street light, and the lamp goes out taking her with it. At the bar, James goes to get Paul some water, and the drain on the power causes the lights to flash out. Wearing a glow-stick necklace, James is safe, but Paul vanishes from the pool table on which he is lying. Luke manages to push a truck back to the bar, and he escapes with James use the generator to get the truck started. As they pass the church up the block, James gets out to find his mother. Luke leaves, but after a conflict of conscience, and seeing the word "CROATOAN" carved into a sign hanging off a bridge, he returns, using the high beams from the truck to fend off the darkness. When Luke gets out of the truck to get James, the car battery dies and Luke too disappears. As James cowers under the glow of candles, which begin to go out, he pleads with the darkness "I exist." and all but one candle goes out. James wakes to daylight and sees the last candle had been burning all night. A little girl, Briana , appears and insists that James is sleeping on her bed, but urges him to stay with her. She shows him her flashlight, which is solar powered, allowing it to stay on all night without having to search for new batteries. As they leave the church, they encounter a police horse eating spilled apples on the ground and decide to take it to Chicago. As the sun sets on the children leaving the city, the camera pans to the bar, casting the shadows of Luke, Paul and Rosemary watching the two leave as the darkness falls. As it gets dark, Briana\'s light comes on, ensuring their protection against the darkness as they begin their journey.'] ['The year is 1910. In the rural German village of Vandorf, seven murders have been committed within the past five years, each victim having been petrified into a stone figure. Rather than investigate it, the local authorities dismiss the murders for fear of a local legend having come true. When a local girl becomes the latest victim and her suicidal lover made the scapegoat, the father of the condemned man decides to investigate and discovers that the cause of the petrifying deaths is a phantom. The very last of the snake-haired Gorgon sisters haunts the local castle and turns victims to stone during the full moon.'] ['The story takes place in 1851 and deals with a small Spanish village apparently plagued by what we would now call a serial killer, as corpses are discovered bearing both savage mutilation and precise surgical incisions. Clues point toward Manuel Romasanta , who confesses to the crimes, but claims that he is a victim of lycanthropy. A scientist, Professor Philips , argues that Romasanta suffers not from a supernatural curse but from a mental disorder. Based on a script by Alfredo Conde, according to the end credits the film is based on a true story, that of Manuel Blanco Romasanta, Spain’s first documented serial killer. Conde is a descendant of one of the doctors involved the original Werewolf of Allariz court case that took place in 1953/54 in Galicia, Spain. He went on to write a fictional novel, The Uncertain Memoirs of a Galician Wolfman: Romasanta.Alfredo Conde The Uncertain Memoirs of a Galician Wolfman: Romasanta Antípodas Monographs 2006 ISBN 0-9775868-0-4 The same case previously provided the basis for the 1968 Spanish film El bosque del lobo .'] ["Bruno , a student at the rundown FW Murnau Film School comes across the thanatoscope, an ancient instrument of death. The instrument, created by scientist Girolamo Fumagalli immortalises on a plate the last image seen by the victim’s retina. The school's teachers, led by Countess Orsini  are involved in a secretive plot concerning the instrument."] ['{{tone}} Seeking a legendary fortune in jewels, troublesome Collins family handyman Willie Loomis opens a hidden coffin in the Collins family crypt, releasing vampire Barnabas Collins from his 150-year confinement. Barnabas makes Willie his slave, then presents himself to the modern day Collins family  as a "cousin from England." Barnabas moves into the "Old House" on the Collins estate, where the "first" Barnabas had lived. To thank his gracious hosts, Barnabas throws an elaborate costume ball. Barnabas becomes attracted to the family governess Maggie Evans, who looks just like his long-lost love, Josette. When Carolyn, who has become one of the vampire\'s victims, threatens to reveal his secret out of jealousy, Barnabas kills her. Carolyn rises from the grave as one of the undead, and seeks out her former lover, Todd Jennings. Professor T. Eliot Stokes uses the young man as bait for Carolyn, who is eventually trapped and staked by Stokes, aided by the Collinsport police. Meanwhile, a doctor, Julia Hoffman, has studied blood samples from the victims and begins to conclude that vampirism is real and that it may be a curable disease. She has accidentally discovered, while using a compact mirror, that Barnabas is the vampire. She makes a pact with Barnabas and develops a serum to cure him. The cure works for a while, and Barnabas\'s courtship of Maggie proceeds. He gets her boyfriend, artist Jeff Clark, out of the way by arranging a showing of the young man\'s paintings in nearby Boston. However, Julia, who has fallen in love with Barnabas, discovers his dalliance with Maggie. Insanely jealous, Julia gives Barnabas an overdose of the serum, with the result that he ages to his true 175 years. Barnabas angrily kills Julia, and restores his youth  by biting Maggie. He flees with the young woman. Stokes and Roger Collins quickly research the family history of Barnabas in 1797, and Stokes is convinced that Barnabas intends to take Maggie as his bride. The search extends to St. Eustace, an island off the shore of Maine. Jeff discovers that both Stokes and Roger Collins have become vampires, and he has to destroy them both—Stokes with the silver bullets intended for Barnabas, and an arrow through the heart for Roger. Jeff tracks the vampire to an abandoned monastery, where Barnabas is planning to make Maggie his bride. Jeff attempts to shoot Barnabas with a crossbow, but Willie, who is also infatuated with Maggie, rushes over to the altar to stop Barnabas. The arrow that Jeff aims at the obsessed vampire hits Willie in the back. Barnabas pulls the crossbow bolt from Willie\'s back, then Barnabas takes Jeff under his hypnotic control, simultaneously dropping the crossbow bolt to the floor, next to Willie. As Barnabas is about to vampirize Maggie, Willie revives and plunges the wooden bolt into Barnabas\'s back; the vampire spins to see Willie, and in a rage, strangles the dying Loomis. Wounded, Barnabas\' hypnotic control is broken, which allows Jeff to finish off Barnabas with the stake, which bursts through the vampire\'s chest, bringing an end to the undead existence of Barnabas Collins. With Barnabas\' death, Maggie is no longer in a trance, and recognizes Jeff, who carries her in his arms, both briefly observing the bodies of Barnabas and Willie, before leaving the monastery. After the end credits roll, the seemingly dead Barnabas turns into a large bat and flies away, but this death-defying feat  goes unexplained.'] ["Norman Taylor , a psychology professor lecturing in belief and superstition, discovers that his wife Tansy  is practicing witchcraft. She insists that her charms have been responsible for his academic career, despite him being the youngest and newest among his colleagues, and his well being. A firm rationalist and angry at her superstition, Taylor forces her to burn all magical objects in the house. Almost immediately things start to go wrong: A female student accuses him of violation, her boyfriend threatens him, and an unseen menace tries to break into their home. Tansy, willing to sacrifice her life for her husband's, almost drowns herself and is, as the film suggests, only saved in the last minute by Taylor giving in to the practices he despises. Later, Tansy attacks him with a knife, but he manages to disarm her and lock her in her room. Her limping walk during the attack gives Taylor a hint where to find the person responsible for his ill luck. He identifies university secretary Flora Carr , wife of a colleague whose career stalled in favour of Norman's, as the perpetrator. Flora has his home, where Tansy is still locked in, go up in flames. Then, with the help of a ritualistic sound recording, she awakens the giant stone eagle which presides on the top of the university building's entrance to attack Taylor. Flora's husband arrives at the office and stops the tape machine. The eagle disappears, and Tansy manages to escape her burning home. On her way out of the campus, Flora passes the again immobile stone eagle. The statue topples over and buries Flora under her, killing her in an instant."] ['An American ballet student, Suzy Banyon , arrives from her flight in Munich, Germany on a stormy night to enroll in a prestigious dance academy in Freiburg. After Suzy is unable to gain access into the academy, she decides to spend the night in town. Meanwhile, Pat Hingle , a former student who is expelled from the academy and seen leaving the academy in a somewhat frightened mood by Suzy, finds refuge at a friend\'s apartment in town. After Pat locks herself inside of the bathroom, a mysterious arm smothers Pat against the glass and repeatedly stabs her with a large knife and then graphically disembowels her. Her friend overhears her screaming and tries to scream for help, although nobody replies. Pat is then bound with a cord before she is hung in mid-air after crashing through a large stained-glass ceiling. Her friend is killed directly below by the falling glass and metal. Upon Suzy\'s arrival at the academy the next morning, she is introduced to Madame Blanc  and Miss Tanner . She is escorted to the ballet students\' locker room, where she meets Sarah  and Olga , the latter with whom she has arranged to stay with off-campus. The following morning, Blanc offers Suzy a dormitory room, but she declines Blanc\'s offer. After a strange encounter with the academy\'s cook , Suzy seemingly struggles before fainting during a lesson. Later that night, Suzy awakens to discover that she has been moved into a dormitory room against her wishes. The doctors then tell Suzy that she is to be "medicated" with a glass of wine daily. Suzy befriends Sarah after the two are roomed together. As Suzy and the rest of the students prepare for dinner, hundreds of maggots fall from the ceiling. The students are told this was due to spoiled food boxed in the attic. The girls are then invited to sleep in the practice hall overnight. During the night, Sarah identifies a distinctive whistling snore as that of the school\'s director, who is not due to return to the academy for several weeks. The next morning, Tanner orders Daniel to leave the academy immediately after his guide dog bites Albert. Later that night, Sarah overhears the teacher\'s footsteps and begins to count them whilst Suzy becomes irresistibly drowsy and falls asleep. Meanwhile, while Daniel and his guide dog cross a plaza within the city, Daniel senses a strange presence. Suddenly, his seemingly calm dog lunges at Daniel and tears his throat out, killing him. The next day, Suzy recalls the words "iris" and "secret" from Pat\'s mumbling before leaving the academy. Later that night, Suzy and Sarah go for a swim while Sarah reveals to Suzy that she and Pat were close friends, and recalls that Pat had been "talking strangely for some time". The two girls search for Pat\'s notes in Sarah\'s room, but they appear to have been stolen. Suzy suddenly becomes drowsy and falls asleep before Sarah flees to the attic after hearing approaching footsteps. Sarah is chased by an unseen pursuer and, thinking she will be able to escape through a window into another room, falls into a huge pile of barbed wire. Becoming entangled, she struggles in anguish until a mysterious black-gloved hand of a dark figure appears and slits her throat. The following morning, Blanc and Tanner inform Suzy that Sarah has abruptly left the academy. Confused and suspicious, Suzy goes to meet one of Sarah\'s acquaintances, a psychologist named Dr. Mandel , who explains that the academy was founded by Helena Markos, a cruel Greek émigré who was widely believed to be a witch. Dr. Mandel\'s colleague, Professor Millus, then tells Suzy that a coven can only survive with their queen. Upon Suzy\'s return to the academy that night, she discovers that all of the students have gone to the theater. She overhears the footsteps Sarah identified before and follows them to Blanc\'s office. She suddenly recalls Pat\'s mumbling after discovering irises painted all over the walls of Blanc\'s office. After entering a hidden passage, she discovers Blanc, Tanner and the staff forming a ritual where they plot Suzy\'s death. Unseen, Suzy then turns to find Sarah\'s body nailed to a coffin. Frightened, Suzy then sneaks into another room, where she accidentally awakens a shadowy figure who reveals herself as Helena Markos. Helena then orders Sarah\'s nearby corpse to rise from the dead to murder Suzy. Suzy then stabs Helena with one of the room\'s decorative knives, which appears to kill her  and Sarah\'s reanimated corpse. Helena\'s demise causes the building to set alight. As the academy is slowly destroyed with the coven inside, Suzy manages to escape before the entire building catches on fire.'] ['The story takes place in Northern Italy, during the early 14th century. Franciscan monk William of Baskerville and his novice Adso of Melk  arrive at a Benedictine abbey where a mysterious death has occurred ahead of an important theological Church conference. William, known for his deductive and analytic mind, confronts the worried Abbot and gains permission to investigate the death – a young illuminator appears to have committed suicide. Over the next few days, several other bizarre deaths occur, and the two gradually discover that everything is not what it seems in the abbey. William and Adso also make the acquaintance of Salvatore, a demented hunchback who speaks gibberish in various languages, and his handler and protector, Remigio da Varagine who, as events prove, also has a shady past. William quickly deduces from Salvatore\'s speech, that he had once been a member of a heretical sect and infers that Remigio likewise had been involved. He suspects that they may have been involved in the killings. Meanwhile, Adso encounters a beautiful semi-feral peasant girl who has apparently sneaked into the abbey to trade sexual favours for food; she seduces him, and he falls in love with her. Investigating and keen to head off accusations of demonic possession, the protagonists discover and explore a labyrinthine library in the abbey\'s forbidden principal tower. William is astonished to find that it is "one of the greatest libraries in all Christendom," containing dozens of works by Classical masters such as Aristotle, thought to have been lost for centuries. William deduces that the library is kept hidden because such advanced knowledge, coming from pagan philosophers, is difficult to reconcile with Christianity. It becomes clear that the only remaining copy of Aristotle\'s Second Book of Poetics is somehow related to the deaths. He further deduces that all of those who died had read the book. His investigations are curtailed by the arrival of Bernardo Gui of the Inquisition, summoned for the conference and keen to prosecute those he deems responsible for the deaths. The two men clashed in the past, and the zealous inquisitor has no time for theories outside his own. Salvatore and the girl are found fighting over a black cockerel while in the presence of a black cat. Gui presents this as irrefutable proof that they are in league with Satan and tortures Salvatore into confessing. Salvatore, Remigio, and the girl are dragged before a tribunal, where Gui intimidates the Abbot into concurring with his judgment of heresy. But William, also "invited" by Gui to serve on the panel of judges, refuses to confirm the accusations of murder. Gui resorts to extracting a confession from Remigio by the threat of torture, and clearly plans to take care of William for good, later. When another monk succumbs like the others, William and Adso ascend the forbidden library, and come face to face with the Venerable Jorge, the most ancient denizen of the abbey, with the book, which describes comedy and how it may be used to teach. Believing laughter and jocularity to be instruments of the Devil, Jorge has poisoned the pages to stop the spread of what he considers dangerous ideas: those reading it would ingest the poison as they licked their fingers to aid in turning pages. Confronted, Jorge throws over a candle, starting a blaze that quickly engulfs the library. William insists that Adso flee, as he manages to collect an inadequate armload of invaluable books to save; the volume of Poetics, Jorge, and the rest of the library are lost. Meanwhile, Salvatore and Remigio have been burned at the stake, and the girl is soon to follow, when the local peasants take advantage of the chaos of the library fire to free her and turn on Gui. Gui attempts to flee but they throw his wagon off a cliff, to his death. William and Adso later take their leave. A much older Adso reflects in his closing narration that he never regretted his decision to continue on with William, and that the girl was the only earthly love of his life, yet he never learned her name.'] ['Three children of the Merrye family live in a decaying rural mansion with their guardian and chauffeur, Bruno . The children suffer from "Merrye Syndrome", a genetic affliction unique to members of their family, which causes them to mentally, socially, and physically regress down the evolutionary ladder, starting in late childhood. Two distant relatives arrive with their lawyer and his secretary in order to examine and claim the property as rightful heirs. Bruno\'s shaky control over the children deteriorates; murder, chaos, and insanity ensue. http://www.rickmcgrath.com/jack_hill_movies/spider_baby.html/ The siblings, Ralph , Virginia , and Elizabeth , are inbred, demented and dangerous. These overgrown children exhibit playful innocence mixed with brutality and feral madness. Virginia is known as "Spider Baby" because of her obsession with spiders. She stalks and eats bugs, moving with a strange and spider-like grace. She also enjoys trapping unsuspecting victims in her rope "web," "stinging" them to death using two butcher knives. After murdering an innocent delivery man , Virginia cuts off one of his ears, which she keeps in a match box. Spider Baby\'s brother, Ralph, is a sexually advanced but mentally deficient simpleton who moves through the house via the dumb-waiter. Unable to speak, Ralph communicates with only grunts and leers. He becomes sexually aroused with the arrival of the two visiting women. Several mysterious aunts and uncles who have regressed even further than the Merrye siblings live in the cellar. The skeleton of the family\'s dead father is kept in a bedroom and is kissed goodnight by Virginia. Bruno, the children\'s sworn and loving protector, has been able to maintain control and keep the family secrets hidden. But when the snooping, greedy Emily  and her brother Peter  arrive to take possession of the property, the bizarre behavior of the Merrye clan is revealed. Peter, Emily, their lawyer, Schlocker , and his assistant, Ann Morris , insist on staying at the house. Dinner is served after Ralph happily kills a cat for the main course. The revolting meal includes insects, mushrooms, and a garden salad made of weeds. Bruno leaves on an errand. Despite warning the children to "behave", events spiral downhill as the Merrye kids run merrily amok. Virginia and Elizabeth murder Schlocker and dump his body into the basement, where the demented beastly relatives apparently eat him. The basement dwellers are unleashed. Meanwhile, Emily models some black nightclothes as Ralph is peeking in. After being chased and then raped by Ralph, Emily becomes sexually aggressive and murderous. Bruno returns and realizes that he has lost control of the children and of their secret unsavory lives. He lights a bundle of dynamite, blowing himself, the house, and the children to bits. This seems to kill all carriers of "Merrye Syndrome." A smug, surviving cousin Peter is recounting the story as the movie comes to a close. However, the camera cuts to Peter\'s young daughter who eerily resembles Virginia. We see her admiring a spider in its web. Has the curse been eradicated? Or does it remain to afflict further generations?'] ['Five teen friends after stealing for a store end up in a gothic cemetery. While there they enter a tavern where the bartender challenges them to stay the night in a cursed crypt and if they survive the night, they get a treasure.'] ['In Edinburgh in 1831, one year before the Anatomy Act was passed, a surgeon  hires a cabman  to dig up graves to provide him with fresh corpses for dissection &ndash; but the body provider turns to murder to get new corpses for the doctor.'] ["Robert Kraft  is the newly appointed chairman of a committee that oversees a large cemetery. The cemetery caretaker, Andy MacKee , keeps a map in the cemetery office displaying the grounds and each grave site. Filled graves are marked by black pins and unoccupied but sold graves are marked with white pins. New to the position and unobservant, Kraft accidentally places a pair of black pins where they don't belong, only to discover later that the young couple who had bought the grave sites in question died in an automobile accident soon afterwards. He believes that he marked them for death. Hoping it will give him peace of mind, Robert replaces a random white pin with a black pin. When that person dies later in the week, however, he becomes increasingly convinced that either he or the map has some kind of dark power. Repeated experiments, undertaken upon the insistence of skeptical friends and co-workers, yield the same result. Kraft slips into deep guilt and depression and believes he is cursed. The police, who are initially skeptical, eventually begin to take notice and, in the hopes that it will reveal the cause of the deaths, ask Robert to place a black pin on the grave of a person who is known to be in France. Although he does so, Robert continues his slide into despair. That same night, he decides that if black pins give him the power of death, white pins might give him the power of life. He replaces all of the recently-placed black pins with white pins. When he goes to the associated grave sites later that night, he discovers that they have all been dug up, with the bodies gone. Upon returning to the cemetery office, Robert receives a call informing him of the passing of the man in France. As he hangs up the phone, the cemetery caretaker comes up behind him, covered in dirt. He reveals that he has been killing all of the marked people as revenge for being forced to retire. However, when Robert informs him of the passing of the man in France, the caretaker, who couldn't have killed the man, begins to lose his mind. When the police arrive, they find the caretaker dead and tell Robert that the news of the man's death was all a ruse to flush out the cemetery caretaker."] ['While on a tour in Hollywood, a young couple, Joel and Donna Gregory , arrive at the house of Lorna Love, an infamous actress who died in 1935. There, they meet with housekeepers Clara Josephs  and Oscar Payne , to investigate the mystery behind Lorna and finish a book that they are writing on the actress, an interest that came out of the discovery that Joel\'s father was her lover. While staying at the mansion, strange incidents occur. The couple immediately notice a portrait of Lorna, painted by Joel\'s father, and shortly after, Donna catches a 1930s-dressed woman at the center-located shrine in the garden. At their first night, they are visited by Conan Carroll , a film director who directed Lorna in her first breakthrough film Gone of Desire. Conan claims that Lorna ruined his life, and that Joel Sr. was the only person ever to walk away from her, after telling her that she had no soul. He quickly wants to exit the mansion, leaving Joel and Donna with even more questions. As Conan leaves, he is attacked by an unknown creature, and falls in the fountain, in which he drowns following a heart attack. While processing this information, Donna finds a mysterious blade that was commonly used in witchcraft and one of her photos torn apart. Joel, meanwhile, tries to find out more on a locked room, and finds out through Clara that it was Joel Sr. and Lorna\'s bedroom. Later that day, Joel and Donna visit Denise Christian , an aged actress and former rival of Lorna at a set for a commercial. Denise explains that Lorna tried to blackball her at every studio as soon as Denise became as big of a star as her. She continues to tell that she first met Joel Sr. at the studio - where Joel Sr. was working in the art department - and that Lorna stole him from her just to bug Denise. Denise concludes to reveal that Lorna contacted a healer for eternal beauty and youth, and could not sleep ever since: after Joel Sr. smashed all the windows and left, she lived in a spiritual world of eternal fire. Back at the mansion, Joel finds a book about witch spells, and becomes obsessed with Lorna, fantasizing about her . Moments later, the same man who scared Conan tries to murder Donna through carbon monoxide poisoning in a locked bathroom, and Joel and Clara are only just in time to save her. Donna initially insists on leaving, but decides to support her husband as he explains that he is near discovering Lorna\'s secrets and thus can\'t leave yet. They next meet with Marcella Geffenhart , Lorna\'s self-proclaimed best friend. She tells them about "Father Eternal Fire", a spiritual man, though refuses to elaborate on the witchcraft blade that Donna found. After the conversation, Donna claims that Marcella is the woman who ran past Lorna\'s shrine on the first day of their arrival, and wants to continue meeting with Marcella. Joel, however, forbids her from doing so, explaining that Lorna deserves to have secrets. That evening – in an obsessed rage - Joel breaks into Lorna\'s bedroom and reads about details of Joel Sr.\'s affair with her. Donna, meanwhile, has again spotted the woman from day one and reaches out to Joel for help. The next morning, Donna pleads to leave, but Joel again protects Lorna and refuses to go. Donna then meets with Oscar reveals that part of the healer\'s activities involved fire, and that her husband is not safe in the mansion. Donna hurries to save Joel, and finds a terrified Marcella at the mansion along with the witchcraft blade cut through a photo of her. As she looks around, she finds out that Clara Josephs is actually a very alive Lorna. She rushes to save Joel, but he does not recognize her and instead turns to Clara/Lorna. While under her spell, Joel kisses her at the shrine and fire breaks out. Donna goes in to save Joel, and leaves Clara/Lorna to burn to death.'] [' Rose  and her husband, Christopher Da Silva , are concerned about their adopted daughter, Sharon , who has been sleepwalking while calling the name of a town, "Silent Hill". Desperate for answers, Rose takes Sharon to Silent Hill. As they approach the town, she is pursued by police officer Cybil Bennett . A child appears in the road, causing Rose to swerve and crash the car, knocking herself unconscious. When she awakens, Sharon is missing, while fog and falling ash blanket the town. Rose wanders the empty streets of Silent Hill looking for her daughter and instead encounters monsters. Rose meets a woman named Dahlia Gillespie  who speaks of her own daughter, Alessa, being abused by the townspeople and, upon seeing a photo of Sharon in the locket around Rose\'s neck, claims that Sharon is Alessa. Rose returns to her car and runs into Cybil, who arrests her. After they discover that the road leading out of town leads to a fracture, they pair up to search the town. Meanwhile, Christopher also simultaneously scours the town, shown to be abandoned and without mist and falling ash, with the assistance of officer Thomas Gucci . Christopher discovers documents revealing that the town was abandoned after a coal seam fire thirty years ago, along with a photograph of Dahlia\'s daughter, who bears a strong physical resemblance to Sharon. Told to stop investigating under threat of incarceration, he returns home. Rose and Cybil meet Anna , a woman who leads them to a local church for refuge. As they approach it, Anna is killed by the monster Pyramid Head . In the church, Rose and Cybil discover a cult, headed by a woman named Christabella . Christabella tells Rose about a demon, who knows Sharon\'s whereabouts. After convincing Christabella to help them locate the demon, Rose and Cybil are taken to a local hospital. There, Christabella also sees the photo of Sharon in Rose\'s locket and, seeing the likeness between Sharon and Alessa, condemns Rose and Cybil as witches. Cybil allows herself to be captured by the townspeople in order for Rose to escape and descend into the hospital basement. There, Rose encounters a burned Alessa on a bed and a being in the form of a girl who strongly resembles Sharon. In a flashback, Rose discovers that Silent Hill had a long history of witch burnings, stemming from the cult\'s beliefs. Thirty years prior to Rose\'s arrival, Alessa was stigmatized for having been born out of wedlock by an unknown father; her schoolmates bullied her, while the adults made no effort to protect her. Dahlia agreed to Christabella\'s suggestion that she allow the cult to "restore innocence" in Alessa. When not allowed to follow Alessa into the ritual, Dahlia realized that they intended to kill her daughter and ran to the police. Alessa was ritually burned, but in the midst of the ritual, a fire accidentally burst out. When Dahlia returned with the police, Alessa was badly burned, but alive. While in the hospital, Alessa\'s pain and rage caused her "dark" side to manifest in the form of a duplicate of herself, who refers to itself as the darkness inside Alessa.{{cite web}}{{cite web}} Rose learns that Sharon is the manifestation of Alessa\'s remaining innocence and goodness. After the flashback, Rose is told that she must aid Alessa in her revenge by granting her entry into the church and that Christabella will soon find Sharon and attempt to burn her as well. Rose enters the church after Cybil has just been immolated by the townspeople, and Sharon is about to suffer a similar fate. She confronts Christabella with her knowledge of the truth, attempting to convince the cult that they are in denial of their own fate. Christabella stabs Rose, causing her blood to drip onto the church floor. The blood serves as a portal, which Alessa rises out of and proceeds to kill Christabella and the townspeople, leaving Dahlia, Rose, and Sharon the only survivors.  Rose and Sharon return home; though they are in the same room as Christopher, who has also returned home, they cannot see each other.'] ['A seminary student must survive three nights in prayer guarding the deceased witch maiden while she, along with an army of hellish demons, try to lure him out of his Holy Ring of Chalk.'] ["Tourist Lisa Rainer  wanders away from her tour group in Toledo, Spain and encounters a man called Leandro  who resembles the portrait of the devil in a fresco she has just seen. When she is unable to find the tour group again, she takes refuge in a crumbling mansion owned by a blind Countess , where Leandro is the butler. The Countess's son  is drawn to Lisa because of her physical resemblance to his dead lover. As people begin to die off at the villa at the hands of a mysterious killer, Lisa finds herself in a surrealistic nightmare from which she cannot escape."] ["The film starts with Baron Victor Frankenstein  in prison awaiting execution for murder, where he tells the story of his life to a priest. The story begins in his youth when his father's death results in his succeeding to the Frankenstein estate. He is mentored by a man named Paul Krempe ([[Robert Urquhart  and, as Victor ages, the two begin to collaborate on scientific experiments. One night, after a successful experiment in which they bring a dead dog back to life, Victor suggests that they create a human life from scratch. Krempe assists Victor at first, but eventually withdraws, unable to tolerate the continued scavenging of human remains. The body parts of Frankenstein's monster are assembled from a corpse found swinging on a gallows and both hands and eyes purchased from charnel house workers. For the brain, Victor seeks out an aging and distinguished professor so that the monster can have a sharp mind and the accumulation of a lifetime of knowledge. He invites the professor to his house in the guise of a friendly visit, but subsequently pushes him off the top of a straircase, killing him in what appears to others to be an accident. After the professor is buried, Victor proceeds to the vault, but Krempe finds him there and the brain is damaged in the ensuing scuffle. With all of the parts assembled , Frankenstein finally brings life to the monster . Unfortunately, the creature Frankenstein creates does not have the professor's intelligence and is both violent and psychotic. Frankenstein locks the creature up, but it escapes and kills an old blind man it encounters in the woods. Victor and Krempe hunt it down, shoot it, and bury it in the woods. After Krempe leaves town, Frankenstein digs up and revives the creature. He uses it to murder his maid, Justine , when she threatens to tell the authorities about his strange experiments. Eventually, however, the creature escapes again and threatens Victor's bride, Elizabeth . Victor again pursues it, and this time burns it with a lantern, causing it to fall into a bath of acid. Its body is completely dissolved, leaving no proof that it ever existed and Victor is imprisoned for Justine's death. He implores the returning Krempe to testify to the priest and his gaolers that it was the creature that killed Justine, but Krempe refuses and Frankenstein is led away to be executed. The viewer is left uncertain whether Frankenstein's story is true or simply the ravings of a homicidal lunatic."] ['After being shuttered for over 500 years following a horrific, intentionally staged family massacre, a mysterious Hungarian castle opens its doors with the apparent intention of attracting tourist business. A diverse group of people from different parts of the globe is assembled at the eerie dwelling after having been chosen when they applied for a visa. But once they arrive some begin to wonder if there is more going on than meets the eye. First they hear terrible stories about savage packs of wolves that used to roam the area and then people begin to disappear, only some of whom are found later with their throats torn out. It soon becomes clear that a murderer is among them, and the culprit may only partially be human. However, as the story progresses and the ultimate truth is revealed, ties between predator, prey and the very castle itself will be fatally exposed.'] ["The film takes place in England in 1865. Having been grotesquely disfigured in an African voodoo ceremony for a transgression against the native populace, Sir Edward Markham  is kept locked in his room by his guilt-ridden brother, Julian . Tiring of his captivity, Sir Edward plots to escape by faking his death. With the help of the crooked family lawyer, Trench , they hire witchdoctor N'Galo ([[Harry Baird  to concoct a drug to put Sir Edward into a death-like trance. Before Trench has time to act, Julian finds his 'dead' brother and puts him in the oblong box. Embarrassed by his brother's appearance, Julian asks Trench to find a proxy body for Sir Edward's lying in state. Trench and N'Galo murder landlord Tom Hacket  and offer his corpse to Julian. After the wake, Trench and his young companion Norton , dispose of Hacket's body in a nearby river, while Julian has Sir Edward buried. Now free of his brother, Julian marries his young fiance, Elizabeth , while Trench, Norton and N'Galo go their separate ways. Sir Edward is left buried alive until he is dug up by graverobbers and delivered to Dr. Neuhartt . Neuhartt opens the oblong box and is confronted by the resurrected Sir Edward. With his first-hand knowledge of his illegal activities, Sir Edward blackmails the doctor into sheltering him. Sir Edward then conceals his face behind a crimson hood and embarks on a vengeful killing spree. Norton is first on Sir Edward's list and has his throat slit. In between killings, Sir Edward finds time to romance Neuhartt's maid Sally , but when Neuhartt finds out about their affair, he discharges Sally and she goes to work for Julian. While searching for Trench, he is sidetracked by a couple of drunks who drag him into a nearby tavern. Here he ends up with prostitute Heidi , who tries to roll him for his money, only to be killed by Sir Edward's knife. The police get involved, and the hunt is on for a killer in a crimson hood. Meanwhile, Julian has become suspicious about the body which Trench supplied to him, after his friend Kemp  finds it washed up on a riverbank. Julian confronts Trench, who tells him the truth about Sir Edward's 'death'. Soon after, Trench is dispatched by Sir Edward, but not before he tells him the whereabouts of N'Galo. Hoping he will cure him of his disfigurement, Sir Edward asks N'Galo for his help. Here Sir Edward learns the truth about his time in Africa- in a case of mistaken identity he was punished for his brother's crime of killing an African child. N'Galo fails to cure Sir Edward, and they fight, N'Galo stabbs Sir Edward and is rewarded with a face full of hot tar. Sir Edward returns to Neuhartt's home, where Neuhartt tends to his wound. Mistrusting Neuhartt's medical treatment, Sir Edward fatally wounds him and sets off to confront his brother. Back at the Markham ancestral home, Julian learns the whereabouts of his brother from Sally and leaves for Dr. Neuhartt's home, only to find him near death. Meanwhile, Sir Edward arrives back home to find Sally, who is repulsed by her former lover's killing. Sir Edward drags her out onto the grounds of the house, pleading for her love. Julian arrives back home and gives chase with a shotgun. Out on the grounds, Sally snatches Sir Edward's hood from him and his deformed face is revealed for the first time. Julian catches up and Sir Edward confronts him about his crime. As Sir Edward lurches forward, Julian shoots him. Cradling the dying Sir Edward in his arms, Julian is bitten by him. Once again in his oblong box, Sir Edward is resurrected by a vengeful N'Galo , but this time he is six feet under with no hope of escape. While back at the Markham mansion, Julian is occupying his brother's old room, where he is beginning to show the first signs of the voodoo curse."] ["Lilliana Hoffman dies in a carriage accident in the woods, caused by wolves that attack both the horses and the coachman. Her husband Frederick, at his dying wife's urging, reluctantly performs a caesarean section to save their unborn daughter. Years later, the young Lilli Hoffman—the Snow White of the title, although she is never addressed or referred to as such in the film—plays mischievously on the grounds of the Hoffman estate. Lilli greets her new stepmother, Lady Claudia, somewhat reluctantly. Lady Claudia gives the reticent Lilli a Rottweiler puppy. Lilli is pleased, but runs off with the puppy without thanking her. On the Hoffmans' wedding night, Lilli spoils the communal blessing of the marriage bed by dashing the contents of her small ceremonial cup at Claudia. As Lilli grows into womanhood, Claudia keeps her dressed in girls' clothing. Their relationship has not gotten any better, though Claudia does try her best to be civil with Lilli. Lilli continues to be rebellious and cruel to her stepmother's feelings. On the night of a ball, Claudia gives Lilli a dress that belonged to her mother and tells Lilli that it is now her turn to wear it as her stepdaughter. Lilli rebels by wearing one of her own mother's gowns to the ball. Her father is startled, then pleased at Lilli's evocation of her mother; as the two dance, Claudia, in a paroxysm of jealousy, goes into an early labor and delivers a stillborn boy. The doctor informs Frederick that Claudia can never have another child. Claudia, looking haggard from her ordeal, stares into her wardrobe-like mirror, where an ideally beautiful reflection replaces her real one and demands revenge against Lilli for doing this to her. Claudia orders her brother Gustav to kill and eviscerate Lilli in the woods. When Lilli escapes, Gustav kills a pig and presents its organs to Claudia, who keeps what she believes to be Lilli's heart. Claudia orders Gustav to place the rest of the remains in the stew pot, then coos over the deliciousness of the stew as she eats and urges Frederick to join her. When Claudia learns the truth from the mirror, she drives a terrified Gustav to suicide. In the meantime, the quite alive Lilli is found by seven rough, combative miners — outcast by civil or ecclesiastical authority — who grudgingly give her shelter. When one of them threatens her with rape, their unofficial leader, Will, stops him. Meanwhile Claudia discovers that Lilli is still alive and uses her black magic to kill her, instead killing two of the miners, all the while keeping an injured Frederick infirm and afflicting the estate's staff with the Black Death. Claudia then convinces Lilli's fiancé, Dr. Peter Gutenberg, to continue searching for Lilli. As the four remaining miners mourn their losses, Lilli touches Will's scars, inflicted by Crusaders, and the two share a lover's kiss. Claudia disguises herself as an old woman and turns her brother's eviscerated heart into a poisoned apple. Transported to Lilli's refuge, the disguised Claudia speaks kindly to her and gives her the apple, which puts her into a locked-in syndrome that makes her appear dead. Will finds Lilli seemingly dead on the ground from a bite of the apple. Dr. Gutenberg, the last person still searching for Lilli, arrives and pronounces her dead. Seeing her eyes appear to open through her mosaic glass coffin during her burial, Will leaps into the grave, pulls Lilli's body from the coffin, and shakes her as he commands her to breathe, causing the piece of apple lodged in her throat to fall out so that she wakes. Gutenberg takes Lilli back to the mansion to destroy Claudia; Will follows and joins them to help. Lilli's grown dog attacks Will; Lilli counterattacks with her torch, and they escape. On finding her father, Lilli charges Will with getting him safely outside. Claudia kills Gutenberg, and Lilli — rather gratuitously armed with a crossbow — confronts Claudia. Claudia gloats, clutching her newly revived, not fully formed baby boy; disappears; then reappears to attack Lilli, smashing her into mirrors and deliberately cutting her face with one of the shards. Scrambling for safely, Lilli knocks over a burning brazier. When the fire threatens the baby, Claudia is distracted; Lilli finds a knife, and the evil mirror cries out to warn Claudia. Realizing the source of Claudia's strength and weakness, Lilli plunges the knife into the mirror. Claudia then burns to death. Lilli joins Will and a delirious Frederick, who finally recognizes her."] ['Caroline Ellis , is a New Orleans nurse who takes a position as a private hospice caregiver at an isolated plantation house deep in the bayous of southern Louisiana. The lady of the house Violet Devereaux , looks after her husband Benjamin Devereaux , a stroke victim who is expected to pass away soon. At first, Caroline is unsure about taking the job, as Violet is very hostile and condescending towards her, but with some prompting from the family\'s estate lawyer, Luke Marshall , she accepts the position. Caroline, through her curiosity, soon discovers that the mansion has a dark past. Finding her way into a secret room in the attic  using a skeleton key that Violet gave her, she discovers dolls, a book of spells, potion jars, and various other magical paraphernalia. Violet reveals to Caroline, shown through flashbacks, that the room belonged to two house servants who had been employed there in the 1920s. The couple, Mama Cecile  and Papa Justify  were renowned practitioners of hoodoo, a form of Afro-Caribbean folk witchcraft. The couple, as revealed by Violet, were lynched when it was discovered that they were performing Hoodoo spells with the children of the house owners. Violet also told her that they do not keep mirrors in the house because they see the reflection of the servants. Caroline, however, remains a skeptic. In order to find answers about the ever-present hoodoo magic, which Caroline believes is affecting Ben\'s illness in a psychosomatic way, she takes the advice of her friend Jill and goes to a local cleaners with a hidden Hoodoo shop to acquire a defense against the supposed Hoodoo being used on Ben. Caroline does not believe in magic, but she thinks Ben does, and making him believe that he is getting cured with magic might help. There, an old woman tells her the same thing Jill told her: that hoodoo cannot hurt you if you do not believe in it. The woman gives her various things and teaches her a ritual to cleanse Ben\'s illness. She also tells Caroline about the use of brick dust, which according to hoodoo tradition, is meant to keep away those who mean one harm. When she did the ritual, it returned some of Ben\'s ability to talk, and he tells Caroline to get him out of the house because Violet is a threat. Because of this, Caroline tells Luke about her suspicions but Luke, who is afraid that Caroline might leave the couple, rebuffs her idea. They then travel to a gas station that Caroline previously noticed to be lined with brick dust. There, a blind woman tells her of one of the most powerful hoodoo conjurations, the conjure of sacrifice. Caroline had previously discovered a record with this title on it in the secret attic room and feels as though it had something to do with Ben’s illness. The old woman tells Caroline that this powerful spell is one of immortality, in which the caster sacrifices someone and gains the remaining years of their life. When this is revealed to Caroline she begins to sense that Ben is in danger. Again, Luke tells her that the idea is absurd and questions her that he thought she doesn\'t believe, to which she answers she really does not, but the people do and that accounts for something. With this on mind, Caroline uses some brick dust to confirm her suspicions of Violet. She then drugs the old woman and tried to escape with Ben. However, the gates are locked, and this pushes Caroline to hide Ben and escape all by herself, promising the old man that she\'ll be back. Violet tries to shoot her with a shotgun but she is able to escape through the swamp. After the failed attempt to get Ben out of Violet\'s grasp, Caroline seeks help from Luke. At Luke\'s house, Caroline discovers clues leading to the revelation that Luke is in league with Violet. Just as Caroline is about to act, Luke captures her, ties her up and gags her to take her back to the manor. Caroline is held captive but manages to get free and scatter brick dust throughout the house. This enchantment succeeds in keeping Luke away, but Violet gets to Caroline and blows a powder in her eyes  that distorts her vision. After a brief struggle, Caroline manages to push Violet down the stairs and breaks her legs. With Luke and Violet now downstairs, Caroline flees to the attic to find that the room has been set up for some kind of ritual. She follows the instructions on a piece of paper that she snatched from Violet earlier and forms a protective circle around herself. However, the protective spell was a trick intended to capture Caroline instead of protect her. Violet comes into the ritual room and explains that hoodoo magic only works on those that believe in it, and "they" have been waiting for her to believe. Caroline realizes that it was in fact she who was in danger and not Ben. Caroline tries to deny the fact that she now believes in hoodoo but cannot convince herself. Violet pushes a mirror at Caroline, which initially contains the image of the little girl, then of Violet, and ultimately of Mama Cecile. The mirror smashes into Caroline, knocking her unconscious. Caroline then wakes up and walks over to Violet, who is barely awake. She remarks that it has become much harder for them to make people these days believe. This reveals that the soul of Mama Cecile is now inside Caroline\'s body, and Caroline\'s soul is now in Violet\'s body. As well, Luke\'s body is revealed to be possessed by the soul of Papa Justify. Ben, who was previously the host to Papa Justify\'s soul, is revealed to be the real Luke. Caroline/Mama Cecile gives Violet/Caroline a liquid that causes a pseudo stroke. This prevents her from talking so she can\'t reveal the presences of Mama Cecile and Papa Justify. When Caroline\'s friend Jill  arrives at the Plantation, Luke/Papa Justify informs her that "Ben" and "Violet" left the house to "Caroline," thus leaving Mama Cecile and Papa Justify to continue occupying the house. The film ends with Caroline and Luke looking at each other helplessly, trapped in Violet and Ben\'s bodies. When "Mama Cecile" and "Papa Justify" were lynched after performing the same spell with the children, it was actually the children who were lynched while occupying Mama Cecile and Papa Justify\'s original bodies, with Mama Cecile and Papa Justify actually living on in the children\'s bodies.'] ['Martha  and Jim Schmidt  live on an isolated farm named \'Our Blessing\', where most of its population are "Hittites", an austere religious community who according to one of the characters "make the Amish look like swingers". Jim was a Hittite, but left the community when he got married. Jim tells a neighbor, Louisa Stohler , who is the mother of Faith  that his wife, Martha is pregnant and that Louisa\'s services as a mid-wife will soon be needed by them. Louisa and Faith are not part of the Hittite community, either. In fact, they do not like them due in part to the constant harassment of Faith by William, who chases her and calls her, and all "outsides", Incubus. That night, Jim searches in the barn after hearing strange noises from inside, but is murdered when a mysterious figure runs him over with his tractor. This is seen as a mechanical accident. Friends Lana Marcus  and Vicky Anderson  visit Martha after Jim\'s funeral. When William Gluntz  goes to the house at night to search for his shoe he accidentally left earlier when sneaking around, he is stabbed through the back by an unseen figure.The following day, William\'s father and Jim\'s father and the leader of the Hittites, Isaiah Schmidt come to the farm looking for William after he does not return home after being sent by his father to retrieve a "lost" shoe. Martha tells the men she has no idea where William is and they start to leave, Isaiah goes back to the door and offers to buy back the farm from Martha but Martha refuses, after Isaiah insults her and calls her the incubus, she asks him if he would like his answer immediately, and "answers" by slamming the door in his face. Martha is now being accused of being the incubus. Lana enters the barn the next day to look for something in the for the tractor but all the doors and windows suddenly close, trapping her inside. In a panic, she searches for a way out but encounters a figure dressed in black. When escaping out the now open barn door, William\'s corpse swoops down at her, hanging from a rope. The police clean up the mess as the sheriff  advises the three friends to move out of town, as someone may be after them. However, Martha decides to stay where she is and buy a gun for protection. Multiple events follow, such as a snake being put into Martha\'s bathroom while she\'s taking a bath by an unseen figure who creeps in her house. She manages to get out of the bath and kill the snake with a fireplace poker. John Schmidt , Martha\'s brother-in-law is unwillingly engaged to Melissa  his cousin. However John feels attracted to Vicky. John is eventually expelled from home and the community when he retaliates against his father who begins hitting him. John meets Vicky outside the cinema and she lets John drive her car, giving him a sense of freedom. They stop at the side of a road and begin to engage in sex but they are attacked by an unseen figure who stabs John multiple times and sets fire to the car, which eventually blows up with Vicky still inside. Lana has a nightmare in which a pair of hands take hold of her head, forcing her to open her mouth as a spider falls in. When she wakes up she finds blood in a juice bottle as Martha finds a scarecrow tied in her room with a flower that was buried with Tom. When Martha hurries to Tom\'s grave she finds him dug up. Martha also discovers it was Louisa and Faith who committed the murders as they attack Melissa. Martha is chased back to her home where she engages in a quick battle with Faith. During the struggle, Faith\'s shirt is ripped open, revealing her to be a man who has been in love with Martha. Lana and Martha have to fight Louisa and Faith. When Martha shoots Faith she is confronted by Louisa with a shotgun. Fortunately, she too is shot by Lana. However, Faith has survived her gunshot and tries to kill Martha once more but she is killed when Melissa stabs her in the back. Isaiah turns up and tells them that the incubus is now dead. The day after, Lana leaves Martha to go back to LA. When Martha enters her home a ghost of Jim warns her about the incubus. The film ends immediately after the real incubus bursts through the ground and pulls Martha back with it.'] ['In 1921, German director Frederich Wilhelm Murnau  takes his Berlin-based cast and crew on-location in Czechoslovakia in order to shoot Nosferatu, an unauthorized version of Bram Stoker\'s 1897 novel Dracula. Much to their frustration, Murnau keeps his team very much in the dark about their schedule, and even more so about the actor he has found to play the part of the vampire Count Orlok. It is left to the film\'s other main actor, Gustav von Wangenheim  to explain to them that the mysterious lead is apparently an obscure German theater performer named Max Schreck , who, according to Murnau, is a highly professional character actor. In order to involve himself fully in his role, Schreck will only appear among the cast and crew in full make-up, and will never break character. After filming the beginning scenes of his film in a sound stage with his leading actress, Greta Schroeder  who is incredibly displeased about having to leave Berlin, Murnau and his team travel to the remote inn where they will be staying and shooting further scenes for the picture. During their stay, however, the landlady becomes distressed at Murnau removing many of the crucifixes around the inn, and the cameraman, Wolfgang Muller  begins to fall in to a strange, hypnotic state. Further strange things happen as Gustav discovers a bottle of blood in amongst the team\'s food supplies, and Murnau delivers a caged ferret to a derelict cellar in the middle of the night, apparently as food for a strange creature. One night, Murnau rushes his team up to the main setting for his film, an old Slovak castle, for the first scene with the vampire. Schreck appears to them for the first time, and his appearance and behavior both impress and disturb them. The film\'s producer, Albin Grau  however, suspects that Schreck is not really a German theater actor, and is confused when Murnau tells him that he in fact found Schreck in the old castle. Soon after the completion of the scene, Wolf is found collapsed in a dark tunnel. Upon returning to the inn, the landlady appears frightened by his pale, weak appearance, and mutters "Nosferatu" while clutching at a rosary. The next night, Murnau and his team continue filming up at the castle, and the tension between Murnau and his star begins to show. Whilst filming a dinner scene between Gustav and Count Orlok, Murnau deliberately startles Gustav, making him cut his finger with a bread knife. Schreck reacts wildly at the sight of the blood, and, urged on by Murnau, tries to drink from Gustav\'s wound. The rest of the crew look on in horror, when suddenly, the generator powering the lights fails, plunging everything in to darkness. When the lights come back on again, Murnau is furious to find Schreck pinning Wolf to the floor, apparently draining his blood. Albin orders filming to end for the night, and the crew rushes from the castle, carrying Wolf and leaving Schreck behind. Left alone, Schreck curiously examines some of the camera equipment, and appears fascinated and entranced by some footage of a sunrise. It is revealed that Schreck is in fact a true vampire who Murnau has made a deal with, in order to create the most realistic vampire film possible. Schreck has been promised Greta as a prize for completeing his role in the film, but he remains difficult and uncooperative with the fanatical Murnau, until the entire production is at his mercy, and in danger of ruin. With Wolf close to death, Murnau is forced to bring in another cinematographer from Berlin, Fritz Arno Wagner  in order to continue filming. During Murnau\'s absence, Albin and the film\'s scriptwriter, Henrik Galeen  share a drink together by a campfire, when Schreck approaches them. They invite him to join them, and begin to question Schreck  about the accuracy of the Dracula novel. Schreck  points out the flaw of the centuries old Count Dracula still being able to remember how to do everyday \'human\' activities, such as preparing a meal, even though he hasn\'t eaten food in centuries. He tells Albin and Henrik that he himself is so old, he cannot remember how he became a vampire  and cannot create more of his own kind. A bat flies by and Schreck catches it with a quick hand, sucking its blood, ecstatically from its body. The others are left stunned and impressed by what they still assume is talented acting. The troubled production is eventually left stranded on an island in the middle of the North Sea, and Murnau, in a drug-induced stupor, admits to Albin and Fritz Schreck\'s true nature. The two of them realise that they have no choice but to complete the film and give Greta to the vampire in the last scene if they wish to leave the island alive. When an unsuspecting Greta arrives for filming, however, she notices that Schreck casts no reflection in a mirror. Murnau, Albin, and Fritz are forced to drug her, and Schreck feeds on her while the others film the scene. At dawn, with Greta nearly dead, the remaining three attempt to let sunlight in to the building to destroy Schreck, but find that he has anticipated their trickery. Schreck kills both Fritz and Albin while Murnau  continues to operate the camera. However, the rest of the crew arrive in time to open up the doors and flood the set with sunlight, finally destroying Schreck while Murnau films his death. Murnau completes the filming and calmly states "I think we have it", while his rescuers look on at the carnage.'] ['Meanwhile a local priest discovers the theft and is morally outraged. The young child of the deceased who witnessed the theft identifies both the body-snatcher and his employer. The priest angrily confronts each in turn, and interrupts Frankenstein\'s attempt to restore life to the heart, smashing vital equipment in the lab. Forced to leave town because of their experiments, Frankenstein and Hans return to the Baron\'s hometown of Karlstaad, where they plan to sell valuables from the abandoned Frankenstein chateau in order to fund new work. Nearing the village, the pair nearly run over a wild haired, deaf-mute young woman, who is being accosted by a couple of thugs; she flees to the hills. The men find a festival is in progress and are able to pass through the village unquestioned. The chateau is found to have been looted by the locals and the laboratory appears to be in ruins. In a flashback, Frankenstein recounts to Hans the events that led to his exile: Ten years prior, he had brought a being to life. While reasonably functional in most aspects, the creature would eat nothing but fresh, raw meat and wantonly killed local livestock, eating their entrails. A police constable and some farmers encountered the creature with Frankenstein in the woods, and shot at both of them. Frankenstein suffered a grazed arm, the monster a non-lethal head wound. Baron Frankenstein was arrested, while the creature escaped to a nearby mountain.  Frankenstein was briefly imprisoned, charged with assault of a police officer and having committed acts of heresy. He was fined and exiled, since up to that point the creature had not caused any human harm. The flashback sequence ends with the Baron lamenting the destruction of things humanity doesn\'t understand . The following day, the Baron and Hans enter Karlstaad for a meal, donning festival masks as a precaution. They enter a crowded inn and place an order. While waiting, Frankenstein spies the corrupt Burgomeister wearing one of his rings and is outraged, causing a scene which forces a hasty departure. The authorities have now recognized him, so the Baron flees with Hans through the village festival, eventually hiding at the hypnotist, Zoltan\'s, exhibit. The arrogant Zoltan clashes with the police and is arrested, covering the escape of Frankenstein and Hans. Later that evening, Frankenstein bursts into the Burgomeister\'s apartments, again outraged at finding the corrupt official has largely stolen for himself Frankenstein\'s "confiscated" valuables. During his tirade, the police  breaks in to arrest the Baron. Frankenstein manages to escape. He and Hans retreat to the mountains where they again encounter the deaf girl. She leads them to her makeshift shelter in a cave to avoid an impending storm and soon, all go to sleep. Some time later, the waif awakens and skulks off, awakening Frankenstein. Curious, he searches through the cave and finds his original creation frozen inside a glacier. Calling Hans, they build a fire; thaw the creature out; carry it down the mountainside to the chateau; and restore it to life. However, the creature\'s brain, while functioning, will not respond to commands. Frankenstein, desperate to restore active consciousness to his creation, comes up with the idea of obtaining the services of Zoltan, the hypnotist, to reanimate the creature\'s mind. Zoltan has been banished from Karlstaad for not having a license to perform. After clever psychological manipulation by the Baron, he agrees to the task. Zoltan is successful but has less than scientific interests at heart. With the monster responding only to his commands, Zoltan uses the creature to rob and take revenge upon the town\'s authorities. Frankenstein evicts Zoltan, who then instructs the creature to attack Frankenstein. He wards off the monster\'s attack with a oil lamp, frightening the monster. The creature in turn brutally kills Zoltan, who is blocking the creature\'s path. The creature quickly goes into a fit of violent rage. The Baron orders Hans to get the girl out of the room while he tries to confront his creation. In the middle of its rampage, the monster rips apart the electrical components which had been used to resurrect it, causing a fire to break out in the laboratory. Frankenstein tries to give the creature a dose of chloroform to subdue it, but it drinks it instead. Disgusted and poisoned, the creature stumbles, knocking over bottles of flammable liquids and causing a switch to short-circuit and explode into flames. Hans asks the Baron if he can hear him, but Frankenstein orders Hans to get away from the place while he tries to shift the rubble blocking the doorway. The creature stumbles about in terror of the surrounding flames. Realizing that there is no other way out, the Baron grabs a chain and launches himself into the midst of the inferno in a desperate attempt to find another exit. From a distance, the villagers see Hans and the girl fleeing from the chateau. They look back to see black smoke pouring out from the tower where the laboratory is. Suddenly there is an explosion and half of the tower is thrown over the edge of the cliff. Seeing this, Hans murmurs to himself that; "They beat you after all"... The viewer is left wondering if Baron Frankenstein escaped the chateau\'s destruction.'] ['In the year 1202 A.D., an army led by three vampire elders (Markus, Viktor, and [[Amelia  arrives at a Lycan ravaged village. After killing several werewolves, Viktor and Amelia capture their target: Markus\'s brother, William Corvinus, the first and most powerful werewolf. Despite Markus\'s defiance, Viktor orders that William be imprisoned in a secret location forever. In the present day (just after the events of the [[Underworld , Selene takes Michael to a safe house so that she can return to the mansion to confront Kraven. She knows Kraven intends to kill Markus and plans to stop him. However, Singe\'s blood has already awakened Markus before Kraven arrives. Markus wipes out Kraven and his men, and destroys the mansion. Lorenz Macaro, an elderly and imposing man, sends in a team of "cleaners" to investigate the aftermath from the battle in the Lycans\' lair. When Macaro examines Viktor\'s body he finds a metal disk inside his ribcage which is the match to Sonja\'s pendant. The other half of the pendant is in the possession of Selene and Michael. Markus learns of Selene and Michael\'s location from camera surveillance of various safe houses and leaves to track them down. He attacks Selene and Michael, who evade him and hide in a warehouse. While inside, Selene and Michael share their feelings and have intercourse. Now knowing that the pendant is of some importance to Markus, Michael and Selene set out to solve its mystery. Selene recalls that she\'d seen it as a child, but doesn\'t know its significance. To find answers, they travel to the hideout of the exiled vampire historian, Andreas Tanis. Selene and Michael confront Tanis, who reveals that Markus, not Viktor, was the first vampire; one of the three sons of Alexander Corvinus, the first immortal. Markus was bitten by a bat and became a vampire; his twin brother, William, was bitten by a wolf and became a werewolf. The third son remained human his entire life and gave rise to a line of descendants including Michael, who became the first Lycan-Vampire Hybrid. The first werewolves created by William were entirely animal and unable to take human form again. Due to William\'s destructiveness, Markus approached Viktor, a warlord dying of old age, and offered to turn him and his army into immortal vampires in exchange for tracking down and stopping William, and in destroying those he had infected. Markus intended to capture his brother and tame him, but Viktor ordered that William be locked away forever, far away from Markus. Viktor did not kill the brothers because he believed that doing so would result in the immediate extinction of all other vampires and his Lycan slaves . Tanis also reveals that Selene\'s father was the architect who built William\'s prison and that the pendant is a key. After Lucian\'s escape, Viktor killed Selene\'s family as they knew of the prison\'s location, but turned Selene into a vampire. Tanis then refers Selene and Michael to Lorenz Macaro for help. Shortly after they leave, Markus arrives and questions Tanis, who lies desperately and tries to evade telling Markus he told Selene the family secrets. Tired of hearing Tanis\' lies, Markus learns the truth by drinking his blood, leaving Tanis dead. Selene and Michael go to see Lorenz Macaro, who is actually Alexander Corvinus. Alexander reveals that he has devoted his life to containing the Vampire-Lycan War from the mortal world, however, he refuses to help kill his sons. When Markus arrives, he impales Michael on a small pole and learns the location of William\'s hidden prison by drinking Selene\'s blood. He then attacks and mortally wounds his father and obtains the other half of the pendant, after deriding his father\'s refusal to help William and revealing he and William intend to rule the world as god-like masters of a race of hybrids. On Alexander\'s bidding, Selene drinks his blood, enhancing her physical strength and healing abilities to a level equivalent to that of a Hybrid such as Michael and Markus themselves.{{citation needed}} When Selene asked what she would become, Alexander simply stated "the future". Afterwards, Alexander blows up his ship, killing himself. Selene, aboard Corvinus\' helicopter, leads the cleaners to the prison to confront and destroy Markus, but he has already freed William. A battle ensues in which William bites the cleaners and begins turning them into werewolves. Michael, presumed to be dead inside his body-bag aboard the helicopter, suddenly regenerates and joins the fight in his Hybrid form. He ultimately kills William by tearing his head apart. Selene is then stabbed in the abdomen by Markus, but it doesn\'t kill her and she pushes him into the crashed helicopter\'s spinning blades, killing him. After the battle, Selene suddenly notices that her hand is fully bathed in sunlight coming from the roof above, and she remains unharmed. Selene narrates that she fears the days ahead, as the death of the Elders will cause nothing but chaos, but she is nevertheless hopeful.'] ["In 19th century Paris, the famed detective Vidocq  disappears while pursuing a murderer called the Alchemist. Etienne Boisset , a young biographer of Vidocq's, follows in his footsteps and progressively uncovers Vidocq's investigations. He learns how Vidocq was first called in to investigate a series of assassinations by lightning, which led him to pursue the Alchemist. Etienne discovers that the Alchemist is a wizard of sorts who wears a mirrored mask and kills virgins to maintain eternal youth. Even the sex of the Alchemist is a mystery, because it sometimes utters mocking feminine sighs during combat with Vidocq. Etienne probes deeper into Vidocq's investigations and eventually comes to learn that the Alchemist uses virgin blood to make magical mirrors that consume human souls."] ["In a small Southern town bordering a swampy region, unexplained murders and rumors of mysterious happenings surround the swamp-based home of the reclusive but respected Curt Ingston . Ingston uses a wheelchair, and has invited to his home the three doctors who were trying to cure him when his paralysis set in. Already in the household are his grim-humored butler Rolf; a lecherous chauffeur, Lawrie; a mannish housekeeper, Miss Judd; an Eastern mystic, Agar Singh; and Ingston's allegedly mentally-ill sister, Margaret. Outside, the gate is watched by a shrivelled old hunchback called Torque. Coincident with the arrival of the three male physicians is the appearance of a woman psychiatrist, Dr. Lynn Harper, summoned secretly by Margaret to prove she is not insane and help her secure freedom from the control of Ingstrom and Miss Judd. She arrives accompanied by neighbor mystery-writer Dick Baldwin, who has rescued her after her car's broken down in the swamp. Neither Ingstrom nor Miss Judd welcome her presence, but must contend with keeping her overnight until her car can be fixed. Following dinner, at which Ingstrom's conviction that the three doctors are directly responsible for his current condition, the party witness an exhibition of materialization of an Egyptian skeleton by Agar Singh. Dr. Harper is forbidden to meet with Margaret. Then, one by one, the doctors are frightfully killed as they prepare for bed. Suspecting Ingston, Dick and police Captain Beggs confront him in his room, but discover he is actually not paralyzed but a quadruple amputee. Suspicion then falls on Lawrie, who was last seen driving a murdered ex-employee of the household back to town; but he too winds up dead. In the climax, Dick confronts the killer outside the estate as he menaces Lynn, and discovers it is Ingston after all: by studying under Agar Singh, he has learned how to materialize arms and legs, hands and feet for himself, long enough to accomplish his evil deeds. As Dick struggles with him to the death, Margaret sets fire to the unholy house, committing suicide while taking the malevolent Miss Judd to the grave with her. As the house burns to the ground, Dick and Lynn are saved by Agar Singh, when Singh shoots Ingston. Only Captain Beggs escaped the burning household."] ["In 1765, the inhabitants of the New England town of Arkham are suspicious of the strange goings-on up in the grand 'palace' that overlooks the town. They suspect its inhabitant, Joseph Curwen, of being a warlock. One stormy night, a young girl from the town wanders up to the Curwen palace in a trance-like state, and is led by Curwen and his mistress, Hester, down in to the dungeons of the palace. The girl is then subjected to a strange ritual, where an unseen creature rises up from a covered pit below her, in wreaths of green smoke. The townspeople, however, observe the girl wandering off in to the night, and storm up to the Curwen palace to confront its mysterious owner. Though the girl appears unharmed, the townspeople deign that she has been bewitched to forget what happened to her, and drag Curwen out to a tree where they intend to burn him. However, the leader of the mob, Ezra Weeden, insists that they do not harm Curwen's mistress Hester  Before dying, Curwen puts a curse on Arkham and its inhabitants, saying he will rise from the grave to take his revenge on the descendants of the five men who burned him - Ezra Weeden, Mikus Smith, Benjamin West, Priam Willet, and Gideon Leach. In 1875, 110 years later, Charles Dexter Ward and his wife Anne arrive in Arkham after inheriting the palace from Charles' great great grandfather, Joseph Curwen. They are confused to find the townsfolk wary and even hostile towards them, and are particularly disturbed by the horrific deformities that afflict many of Arkham's inhabitants. Up at the palace, Charles is surprised by how well he seems to know the old house, and is also struck by the strong resemblance between him and a portrait of Curwen above the fireplace. He and Anne meet Simon, the peculiar palace caretaker, who persuades them to stay at the palace for a while, and not to be scared of the townspeoples' hostility towards them. During their stay, Charles becomes more and more obsessed with the portrait of Curwen, and at times seems to change in his personality. Charles and Anne befriend the local doctor, Dr. Willet  and he explains to them that the townspeople blame the many deformities plagueing the town on Curwen's curse. He tells them of a legendary black magic book, known as the Necronomicon, which was believed to be in Curwen's possession, and which Curwen apparently used to summon the Elder Gods, Cthulhu, Yog-Sothoth, and other dark creatures. Curwen's plan was to mate mortal women with these beings in order to create a new race of super-humans, which apparently led to the many disfigured people of Arkham. The townspeople are now terrified that Curwen has come back in the form of Charles to seek his revenge against the people who killed him. Dr. Willet finally advises Charles and Anne to leave the town. Despite Anne's eagerness to leave, Charles seems to be falling under the control of something, and insists that they stay in Arkham. One night, Charles finally succumbs to the spirit of Joseph Curwen, and becomes possessed by him. Curwen is then reunited with his two assistants, Simon and Jabez  and the three hastily make plans to continue their work and resurrect Hester. Curwen's hold on Charles, however, is limited, and he tells Simon and Jabez that Charles' will is fighting against him. Anne, frightened by the changes in her husband, seeks help from Dr. Willet, but Curwen manages to convince Dr. Willet that Anne is mad. Meanwhile, Curwen begins enacting his revenge on the descendants of the mob that burned him alive. He kills Weeden's descendant by releasing Weeden's monstrously deformed son from his locked room, and then attacks Leach's descendant with fire. The townspeople discover Leach's charred corpse, and decide to take matters in to their own hands, banding together to storm the palace and find Curwen. Dr. Willet and Anne race to try and save Charles, unaware that Curwen has now taken complete control of him, and that Curwen, Simon, and Jabez have finally succeeded in resurrecting Hester. Dr. Willet and Anne discover the secret entrance to the palace dungeons, and are ambushed by Curwen, Simon, Jabez, and Hester. Anne is offered as a sacrifice to the otherworldly creature that lives in the pit beneath the palace, while the residents of Arkham break in and begin to burn the palace down. The portrait of Curwen is destroyed, apparently breaking Curwen's hold over Charles. With his mind finally restored, Charles rushes down and releases Anne, then urges Dr. Willet to save her, while Curwen's associates pin him down. Dr. Willet helps Anne to escape from the burning palace, before running back to rescue Charles, finding Simon, Jabez, and Hester gone. The two of them barely manage to escape the flames, and Charles and Anne fervently thank Dr. Willet for saving their lives. As Charles turns towards the camera, however, it is made apparent to the viewers that Joseph Curwen still inhabits his mind. The film ends with the final verse of Poe's poem -  '...While, like a ghastly rapid river, through the pale door, a hideous throng rush out forever and laugh - But smile no more'."] ["{{plot}} A boy named Carlos  arrives at an orphanage, thinking that he will be staying there temporarily, until his father returns from the Spanish Civil War. In the center of its courtyard, there is a bomb which was defused. Carlos then sees a ghost of a boy in the kitchen doorway who disappears shortly after. When he goes in to investigate, he is distracted by two orphans, Galvez and Owl, whom he befriends. He shows them his toys and comics, until Jaime , an older orphan, steals one of them. Carlos starts to fight with him but is distracted by the sight of his tutor and his bodyguard driving away without him. Although he doesn't know it, his father is dead, and he will be staying in the orphanage indefinitely. Dr. Casares , the assistant administrator, sympathizes with him. That night, in his bed, Carlos is distracted by noises, suggested to be a ghost. The alleged ghost knocks over a pitcher of water, which wakes the rest of the orphans. Carlos and Jaime dare each other to go into the kitchen and refill the water pitchers. Carlos wanders down a spiral staircase, where he hears the ghost, who tells him cryptically that many will die. He runs away, but Jacinto ([[Eduardo Noriega , a former orphan who now works at the orphanage, catches him. The next day, Carlos does not reveal why he was out, which earns him Jaime's respect. However only when Carlos saves Jaime from drowning at the cost of having his face cut by Jacinto does Jaime's bullying of Carlos' cease. Jaime offers him a drawing and a piece of cake in return for the stolen comic book, but Carlos refuses. When a long sigh is heard, another orphan claims it is a ghost, and explains to Carlos that a boy named Santi  had disappeared on the same night the bomb was dropped. Since then, there has been a ghost haunting the orphanage. Jaime apparently does not believe in the ghost. One night, Carlos sneaks out to the courtyard. He approaches the bomb and asks it to show him where Santi is. In response, a paper streamer on the bomb is caught by the wind and leads him to the ghost, but Carlos becomes scared and runs away. The ghost follows him into the main building and corners Carlos at the end of a hallway. Frightened, Carlos locks himself in a closet, where he sleeps that night. Later when Carlos looks in Jaime's sketchbook and finds a picture of Santi bleeding, he realizes that Jaime knows more than he's telling. Jacinto has been in the orphanage for a long time and despises the place. His girlfriend Conchita , on whom Jaime has a crush, has plans to marry Jacinto. Jacinto, meanwhile, is aware of a stash of gold at the orphanage, and he uses sexual favors to steal keys from Carmen , the head of the orphanage, to open the safe. Carmen loves Dr. Casares, though she is unwilling to acknowledge this. Dr. Casares is embarrassed by his impotence and it seems to inhibit his confidence in demonstrating his affection for Carmen. Jacinto is unsuccessful in stealing the right key to the safe. On a trip to town, Dr. Casares witnesses Carlos' tutor and his bodyguard being executed by the army. Dr. Casares plans to lead the orphans away from the orphanage, because of the rapidly escalating war. Jacinto demands the gold but is forced to leave at gunpoint. As the orphans and staff prepare to leave, Conchita discovers Jacinto preparing to blow up the safe. She threatens him with a shotgun, he taunts her, and she accidentally shoots him in the shoulder. In the ensuing melee, Jacinto succeeds in burning much of the orphanage down before leaving. An explosion kills Carmen and many orphans, leaving many of the survivors badly wounded, including Dr. Casares who resolves to take up guard duty over the remains of the orphanage, waiting at the window with a shotgun for the return of Jacinto. The night after the explosion, Jaime tells Carlos that he was present when Santi was killed. They had been collecting slugs near the cistern, a man-made pool of water in the cellar under the kitchen. Santi heard a noise and discovered Jacinto trying to break into the safe. Santi ran back into the cellar and Jacinto followed. Jacinto tried to threaten Santi; when they struggled, Jacinto slammed him against a support column. Santi suffered a serious head wound and went into shock. Jacinto panicked and rushed off. In Jacinto's absence, Jaime came out of his hiding place and tried his best to comfort the mortally wounded Santi, the scene being revealed to the audience as the same one that was foreshadowed at the very beginning of the film.{{clarify}} Jaime then heard Jacinto returning, and ran off. Jacinto, unaware of Jaime's presence, tied weights to Santi's body and pushed him in the cistern, where he drowned. The second day after the explosion, Dr. Casares succumbs to his wounds, but before dying vows to the boys that he will not leave them. Meanwhile, Jacinto is en route back to the orphanage with two allies. While driving, he meets an exhausted Conchita, who has walked all night to get help in the town. Jacinto stops the vehicle and demands that Conchita apologize for shooting him. Conchita refuses, as she is no longer afraid of him. Jacinto stabs her in the stomach, killing her. Leaving her body on the side of the road, Jacinto and his friends make their way to the orphanage, where they imprison the surviving orphans and then look for the gold. Jacinto and his accomplices manage to open the damaged safe where Jacinto saw the gold hidden, but it is now empty. The conspirators angrily abandon Jacinto, take the car and leave him at the orphanage. In his despair Jacinto catches a glint of light in the rubble, and finds the gold hidden in Carmen's prosthetic leg, half-buried in debris. The orphans rationalize that they will be killed once Jacinto finds the gold. They sharpen sticks with shards of glass as makeshift weapons, and Galvez volunteers to climb out of a small, high window in order to open the locked door from the outside. Unfortunately, Galvez severely injures his ankle after he slips and falls from the window and is unable to move. Very much to the surprise of the other boys, the door suddenly unlocks and opens of its own accord. The boys quickly exit and come to the aid of Galvez, who tells them that it was Dr. Casares who opened the door and that the doctor told him that the boys must be brave and protect one another. The boys find Dr. Casares' monogrammed pocket square in the hallway, and move to confront Jacinto. The boys cleverly lure Jacinto into the cellar, and distract him while Jaime stabs him in the chest. The boys then push the wounded Jacinto into the same pool of water where he drowned Santi. Weighed down by the gold in his pockets and dragged down by the ghost of Santi, Jacinto drowns. The surviving children then leave the orphanage, watched over silently by the ghost of Dr. Casares."] ["Years later, Frankenstein, now going by the alias of Dr. Stein, has become a successful physician in Carlsbruck, catering to the wealthy while also attending to the poor in a paupers' hospital. Dr. Hans Kleve, a junior member of the medical council, recognises him and blackmails him into allowing him to become his apprentice. Together with Karl, the hunchback who facilitated Frankenstein's escape, Frankenstein and Kleve continue with the Baron's experiment: transplanting a living brain into a new body—one that isn't a crude, cobbled-together monster. The deformed Karl is more than willing to volunteer his brain, thereby gaining a new, healthy body—particularly after meeting the new assistant at the hospital, the lovely Margaret. The transplant succeeds, but when the excited Dr. Kleve tells Karl that he will be a medical sensation, Karl panics and convinces Margaret to free him. Kleve notes that the chimpanzee that Frankenstein transplanted with the brain of an orangutan ate its mate and worries about Karl, but his concerns are brushed off by Frankenstein. Karl flees from the hospital and hides in Dr. Stein's laboratory, where he burns his preserved hunchback body. He is attacked by the drunken janitor, who takes him for a burglar, but manages to strangle the man. Frankenstein and Kleve discover Karl is missing and begin searching for him. The next morning, Margaret finds Karl in her aunt's stable. While she goes to fetch Dr. Kleve, Karl experiences difficulties with his arm and leg. When Kleve and Margaret arrive, he is gone. At night, he ambushes and strangles a local girl. The next night, he rushes into an evening reception. Having redeveloped his deformities, he pleads Frankenstein for help, using his real name, before collapsing. Frankenstein, disregarding Kleve's pleas that he should leave, appears before the medical council, where he denies being the infamous Baron Frankenstein. The unsatisfied councillors exhume Frankenstein's grave only to discover the priest's body, concluding that the real Frankenstein is still alive. At the same time, frightened and angry patients at the hospital brutally attack Frankenstein and leave him for dead. Kleve rescues his dying mentor and rushes him to the laboratory, where he extracts Frankenstein's brain from his body just before the police arrive. Kleve shows them Frankenstein's dead body, claiming that he tried in vain to save his life. Alone again and uneasy about his skills, Kleve begins transplanting the brain into another body—one that Frankenstein had been preparing earlier and which was made to resemble him..."] ['During the opening credits, Bergman can be overheard giving instructions to and discussing with his staff while preparing a shot. The film is framed through the account of Alma , who addresses the audience directly while sitting at a picnic table. She tells of her husband\'s disappearance, which is explored in a flashback constructed of his diaries and her words. Johan Borg  is a painter who is regularly approached by odd and suspicious people. He confides to his young, pregnant wife Alma  that he believes them to be demons, and that his insomnia is growing worse. On the nights when Johan can\'t sleep, Alma stays awake by his side through the nights, especially during the "vargtimmen" , during which, Johan says, most births and deaths occur. Johan begins to give names to the figures who approach him, including the Bird-Man, the Insects, the Meat-Eaters, the Schoolmaster , and The Lady With a Hat. In one scene, he recounts to his wife meeting a small boy tanning himself on a rock. As the boy approached Johan, he violently smashed the child\'s face against a stone before tossing him into the ocean to drown. Alma reacts to the story with shock. The couple are approached by a baron von Merkens , who lives in a nearby castle. The painter and his wife visit them and their surreal household. In a later encounter with only Johan in attendance, Johan\'s ex-girlfriend Veronica lies waiting on a table. A man dresses Johan in make-up and women\'s clothing in preparation for a sexual encounter with her only for the baron\'s guests to laugh and mock him as they meet. Johan panics, and flees into underbrush. In the last act of the film, Alma searches the forest for her husband, only to find his mangled body. In the final moments, she addresses the camera, "Is it true that a woman who lives a long time with a man eventually winds up being like that man? I mean, she loves him, and tries to think like him, and see like him? They say it can change a person. I mean to say, if I had loved him much less, and not bothered so of everything about him, could I have protected him better?"'] ["The film begins with a voice-over monologue by vampire Selene, telling the story of the lycans and vampires. It has been 20 years since the war between them has begun (set several years before the [[Underworld . Viktor  has built up an army of vampires to fight off the threat and have begun the process of exterminating the lycans. It appears that when someone is infected by a lycan, they transform into werewolves, but do not change back and appear to behave like vicious animals rather than people. However, one day, in a prison cell, Viktor hears the cries of a human child, and investigates. What he discovers is a human child born of a lycan later named Lucian. Viktor contemplates killing the child, but could not bring himself to do it. Lucian grows up, and appears to be stronger and more focused than others of his kind; this is evident when Viktor tests him by making him fight vampires. Viktor decides to make more of Lucians kind . Viktor uses Lucian to make more like him by starving him and letting him feed on human slaves. The ones that survived became the new lycans, a new slave race to serve the vampires. The vampires think they have control of the lycans, but this may not be the case for long. Note: there are two types of were-wolves in this film, those that are permanently in wolf form and wild, and those that can transform when its a full moon and are in service to the vampires{{spaced ndash}}refer to the former as wolves, and the latter as lycans. Cut to the present, a horseman is riding through the woods at night, pursued by something. At the castle, Viktor is discussing politics and finances with his advisors, Coloman  and Orsova . The wolves have been attacking the human slaves, which Viktor replies with some variation of 'I don't give a crap'. However, human slaves are their principle source of food and income , so they have to take action and hunt down the creatures. Back with the rider in the woods, wolves are pursuing the rider through a dark canyon but he is able to fight them off but there are an increasingly larger number of them. The situation looks grim but as the rider approaches the castle, the other vampires are prepared. They arm huge crossbows and mow down the lycans. One of the wolves lunges at the rider but is killed mid-air by a crossbow bolt from Lucian . The rider removes his helmet, and it turns out to be Sonja , who is less than grateful to Lucian for saving her life, and just bosses him around. Viktor on the other hand, believes in giving credit where it is due. Viktor asks if Lucian minds killing his own kind, who replies that they are just animals and not his own kind. Lucian stares at Sonja, and Viktor reminds Lucian that is a servant, and should keep his eyes on the ground. Sonja and Viktor argue because he wants her to stay in the castle and leave the wolves to the death-dealers but Sonja is a great fighter and very stubborn. Sonja is Viktor's daughter, and a council member, and Viktor does not want her to come to harm, and is grooming Sonja to become an elder; but she is endangering her position on the council by being a renegade and disobeying Viktor and missing council meetings. Outside, Lucian is burning the corpse of the dead wolf which he killed when it was chasing Sonja through the castle gates. As the corpse burns, it changes back into human form. The other lycans are being whipped, beaten, and forced to work for the vampires. One vampire guard gets a little too enthusiastic with the whip and Lucian tells him to stop. The vampire takes this badly, calls Lucian a dog, and leaves angrily as Lucian is Viktor's favourite servant and holds some power in the work yard. The other lycans seem to respect him. In the council chambers, Viktor is speaking with the other Coloman and Orsova regarding how to handle the situation with the wolves. Viktor doesn't think of it as such a big deal but Coloman note that the wolves are killing humans, which is destroying their main food source. Although they don't seem to be killing off too many humans, the fact that the vampires of this region are losing their crop, makes them look weak to the human nobles, who give the vampires people  and money/gold for protection. Coloman suggests letting the lycans patrol outside during the day . Viktor is very much against this suggestion as it would be granting the lycans more freedom, and increase risk of losing control. Coloman suggests making a privileged class of lycans, with better accommodations, rations, and status, led by a lycan that they can trust Lucian; this way, they will have one of the lycans controlling the others, and have the ability to control the wolves during the day. Viktor is still against the idea, but without Sonja there to support him, he has no choice but to take the suggestion under advisement. The human nobles will arrive the next day and Viktor will have to make his decision soon. Outside, the work shift is over, and the lycans are herded back into their cages. Lucian sneaks off, and gets into the sewers. He takes these passages and gets outside the castle, climbing up to a ruined sentry post, where he is met by Sonja. It turns out that they have been lovers the whole time, and Sonja acts cruel to Lucian in public to prevent suspicion. They kiss rather passionately. After some lovemaking Lucian asks if Sonja would go with him if he leaves . Sonja doesn't think its possible as he would be hunted down by Viktor and his army. Lucian reveals a crude key that he has made to remove the collar on his neck. All lycans in servitude have a collar with spikes pointing inward to prevent them from transforming, if they do, they die from impaling themselves on the spikes. If Lucian can get out of the collar, he would be able to fight the Vampires and escape. Sonja does not want Lucian to risk his life, but he believes that his kind should be equals, not slaves as both lycans and vampires are descendants of the Corvinus bloodline, brothers that took different paths to immortality. When Sonja and Lucian part, they are spotted by Tannis, one of Viktors lieutenants, sent to watch over Sonja. He realizes that Sonja and Lucian are having an affair, but does not tell Viktor. The human nobles arrive and Sonja goes out to escort them in. Lucian is worried and does not want her to go. Tannis has orders from Viktor for Sonja to not leave the castle walls, but she just ignores him. As Sonja leaves, Tannis sees Lucian, and subtly lets Lucian know that he knows their secret. Sonja and more vampire guards arrive to escort the human nobles and their slaves, and they hear howling in the distance. Lucian hears the howling and knows that there are more wolves than Sonja and her men can handle. Lucian tries to warn the others, but no one listens to him, so he runs out to save Sonja, disobeying orders and knocking out some guards along the way. Cut back to Sonja, wolves are pouring in from every direction. The vampires are holding them off, but there are too many. One of the human slaves appears to fight wolf and actually survives its Raze  from the first film, but as a human. Sonja is injured, but Lucian arrives in time and defends her. Lucian uses his key to open his collar and transform. The transformed Lucian gives off a deafening roar that drives off the wolves. Raze sees this and appears impressed. Viktor and his men arrive and Lucian changes back to human form. It is forbidden for a slave lycan to transform and Lucian is beaten and arrested, even though he saved Sonjas life. Sonja tries to plead with Viktor, but gets nowhere. Back at the castle, Viktor feels betrayed. Lucian is sentenced to a severe lashing by the same guard that he had angered earlier. The whip is tipped with huge hooks and tears up Lucians back. Sonja hears Lucians screams of pain and is devastated. After his punishment, Lucian is dragged back into his cage, next to a prison cell with the human slaves. Raze is in the cage next to Lucian, and gives him water to drink. Viktor is suspicious of Sonja for pleading with him to release Lucian, but she claims that she was just showing gratitude for saving her life. Lucian and Raze talk, and Raze notes that he saw what happened in the forest- that the wolves appeared to obey Lucian when he transformed. Lucian begins talk of escape and freedom and the human slaves, although afraid, are intrigued. Just then, Sonja appears and Lucian tells her that he has to leave. There is no one else that the two can trust, except maybe for Tannis, since he knows their secret but did not tell, it means that he wants something. Lucian asks Sonja to speak to Tannis and figure out what he wants. Viktor meets with the nobles who are expected to pay tribute for protection from the wolves. This years tribute is low, and Viktor expects more due to increased attacks from the wolves. One of the nobles is fed up and proclaims that Viktor and his army are losing ground, and can barely keep the wolves from their own door. Viktor kills the nobleman and sustains control through fear. Down in the dungeons, the vampires are amused by the sight of the lycans fighting with one another over the food given to them. Lucian cant take any more of this and rallys the lycans for rebellion. In Sonjas room, she has a flashback of Viktor giving her a medallion, the same one featured in the first two films. Sonja goes to Tannis and, holding a dagger to his throat, asks him why he did not reveal the truth to Viktor. Tannis explains that Viktor isn't good with taking bad news, and that it is not yet the time for him to use this information to his advantage. Tannis wants a council seat, and there are only 12 seats and vampires don't die, which means that he cannot get onto the council unless someone relinquishes their position. Sonja agrees to give Tannis her seat on the council for his help. Sonja goes to Lucian and tells him that Viktor plans to execute him the next evening, and that he has to leave at dawn if he is to survive. They agree to meet in the forest in three days. As Tannis walks by, he tosses a collar key to Lucian. The human slaves are brought out and are purposely bitten by a transformed lycan to change them into lycans so they can serve as slaves and guards for the vampires. Lucian talks to the newly transformed lycans  and talks them into joining him in escaping/revolting. As the guard  comes in to check on the slaves, Lucian removes his collar, transforms, and shreds him. The slaves break free, subdue their guards, and make a break for it. The guards notice this pretty quickly and turn their crossbows on the lycans. Many of the lycans are killed before getting very far, and many others are separated by a barrage of arrows. Lucian has no choice but to escape with the few slaves that got free, but vows to return for the others. Lucian continues to charge outward, running into two vampires and throwing them and him out a window and out into the open. As they fall from the top of the castle, the guards turn to dust , and Lucian lands safely on the ground. The few other lycans follow Lucian and make their escape. Viktor is rather angry and notices that the collars were unlocked. He had given Tannis the key that Lucian had made, and believes that Tannis has betrayed him, but he claims that he had locked the key in the armory and asks Viktor to check to prove his innocence. Outside, Lucian and the four other lycans have made it to the surrounding forests, but instead of fleeing, Lucian plans to return to the castle to save his brethren. They have no weapons and are few in number, so Lucian asks Raze to lead him back to the noblemans estate so they are get the supplies and soldiers they need. At the castle armoury, Tannis finds the key that he had put away. Viktor believes that Lucian must have made another one and Tannis gets off the hook. Cut back to Lucian and the other lycans. Lucian has freed the human slaves that belonged to the nobleman . Lucian asks them to volunteer to help them, and if they choose to, be granted immortality through becoming a lycan. The freed slaves agree and they prepare for battle making weapons and arming themselves. Lucian sends Raze to other estates to recruit more soldiers. Viktor is back at the castle, pacing about and steps over a loose metal grate, the same one Lucian used to sneak out and meet with Sonja. He follows the passageway to Sonja and Lucian's secret meeting place. Back to Lucian, he heads into the woods and meets/recruit the wolves. The wolves do not attack Lucian and seem to listen to him. Viktor goes to Sonja's room, and questions her about Lucians escape. Viktor does not believe her and drinks her blood to see her memories. Viktor goes into a complete freak-out as he realizes that his daughter has betrayed him. Sonja is imprisoned in her chambers and Viktor storms out. At the lycan camp, Sonja is supposed to meet Lucian, but her absence worries him. Lucian insists on waiting for her, but the others do not want to wait; the longer they wait, the more likely they will be found. At the castle, the council have found out that Lucian is rallying the slaves and making more lycans, and the council pressures Viktor to do something about Lucian. Viktor knows that Lucian will return for Sonja, and prepares for the inevitable attack. Viktor sends one of Sonjas friends to tell Lucian that Sonja will be executed soon. Lucian knows it is a trap and heads back to the castle alone, giving Raze command of the troops . During the night, Lucian sneaks into the castle, dispatching the guards one by one. He reaches Sonja and they attempt to escape together. Lucian and Sonja run through the sewers but encounter heavy resistance. Up top, Viktor and his men pour oil into the sewers and set the tunnels on fire. Lucian and Sonja jump through a small hole in the ceiling and battle the vampires. Lucian is outnumbered and getting pummelled but Sonja is doing a good job fighting them off . Viktor comes in and fights Sonja, and she has no choice but to defeat her father. Sonja pleas for Viktor to release Lucian for the sake of her child . Viktor grabs Sonjas dagger and subdues her. Viktor sees the child as an abomination and believes he has no choice but to punish her as well. Lucian regrets escaping but Sonja tells him that it is not his fault, and that the choices are her to make. Sonja and Lucian are dragged out for a trial. The guards shoot two silver arrows into Lucian's back, so that he cannot transform. Sonja is convicted of treason by the council, and even Viktor declares Sonja as guilty, even though it visibly pains him to do so. Lucian pleads with Viktor to release Sonja, but its no use. Sonja and Lucian are brought into a chamber where Sonja is strung up on a pillar and forced to watch as Lucian is chained and whipped severely. The whipping ends and all the vampires leave. It will be dawn soon and Sonja will be executed by sunlight. The ceiling opens and Lucian tries to break free to save her, but cannot because he still has the two silver arrowheads buried in his back. Sonja says goodbye and is instantly fried by sunlight. Viktor is grieving rather heavily as well. At sunset, Lucian is still chained to the floors of the sunlight execution room. Viktor comes in to see the remains of his daughter but does not notice the full moon. Lucian is furious at Viktor and the moonlight gives him the strength he needs to force the arrowheads from his back and transform himself. He then breaks free, grabs Sonjas medallion and tries to escape. Lucian is being pummelled with arrows and is severely injured, but is able to let off a vicious roar, signalling his men, before weakening and returning to human form. Viktor gets his knife and is prepared to kill Lucian but notices that something is approaching a horde of lycans and wolves charging towards the castle. The vampires man their crossbows and fire but there are just too many of them. The wolves climb up the walls easily and quickly overruns the vampires. Raze finds Lucian and helps him. Lucian tells Raze to free the others. Raze frees the other lycan prisoners and give them the keys to their collars. The lycans transform and fight their way out. Viktor gets Tannis to retrieve the other elders  and then heads out to face the lycans. Viktor proves to be a very powerful warrior and takes down many lycans. Lucian spots Viktor and heads right for him. Down in the sewers, Tannis has the elders in a boat and row them to safety. Lucian catches up with Viktor and they fight. Both of them fall into a pit, hanging from chains. Lucian is able weaken Viktor with sunlight  and ties him up in the chains. Viktor says he should have killed Lucian long ago, but is interrupted by a sword through his mouth. Lucian, thinking that he has killed Viktor, tosses his chained body into the water. Outside, Raze claims that its finished, but Lucian says it has just begun. This is the beginning of the second vampire-lycan war. On a ship off the coast, Viktor has been recovered by Tannis, and is put into his coffin to sleep/recover while the next elder reigns over the vampires. The film ends with the first minute of the first film, with Kravens  speech to Selene  revealing that Viktor had killed her family, and that he kept her alive because she reminded him of his daughter."] ["A recently married young couple, Stefan  and Valerie , are on their honeymoon. They check into a grand hotel on the Ostend seafront in Belgium, intending to catch the cross-channel ferry to England, though Stefan seems oddly unenthused at the prospect of introducing his new bride to his mother. It is off-season, so the couple are alone in the hotel. Alone, that is, until the sun sets and a mysterious Hungarian countess, Elizabeth Báthory  arrives in a vintage Bristol driven by her 'secretary' Ilona . The middle-aged concierge at the hotel swears that he saw the Countess at the same hotel when he was a little boy. The countess quickly becomes obsessed with the newlyweds, and the resulting interaction of the four people leads to sadism and murder. Ilona, Stefan, then the Countess all die, leaving Valerie, now transformed into a creature similar to the Countess, stalking new victims."] ["Richard Greene stars as an English gentleman investigating the disappearance of two friends at the Austrian estate of the sinister Count von Bruno . Von Bruno secretly seeks revenge against the leaders of a British force that set the natives against him in colonial Africa: Burton's missing friends are among his victims, and Burton is now also in the trap. Burton plans to escape with von Bruno's abused Countess, but the Count's henchmen bar the way."] ['Set in the city of Prague of 1919, Kafka tells the tale of an insurance worker who gets involved with an underground group after one of his co-workers is murdered. The underground group, responsible for bombings all over town, attempts to thwart a secret organization that controls the major events in society. He eventually penetrates the secret organization in order to confront them.'] ['Baron Victor Frankenstein is staying at a boarding house while a former fellow-scientist resides in a nearby insane asylum, slowly dying through lack of oxygen in the brain. After discovering that the landlady\'s fiance has been stealing narcotics in order to support an ailing mother, Frankenstein blackmails them to help to transfer the brain of his friend into another body, thus saving him. While he recovers, Frankenstein and the lovers relocate the Creature to a deserted manor house as the police begin to close in. The Creature awakens, and horrified by his appearance, escapes to his wife, who is too terrified to believe he is her husband. Wanting revenge, he pours paraffin around the house and allows his wife to go free. Meanwhile, Frankenstein notices the Creature has escaped. He then finds the Creature at its wife\'s house where the Creature sets it alight, stating: "...You must choose between the flames and the police, Frankenstein..."'] ['The story concerns a cruel, domineering man  who returns to his castle home and resumes his sado-masochistic relationship with his sister-in-law  whom he vigorously flogs. Soon he is murdered, but his ghost returns and the beatings continue.'] ["Sir Karell Borotyn  is found murdered in his own house, with two tiny pinpoint wounds on his neck. The attending doctor Dr. Doskil  and Sir Karell's friend Baron Otto  are convinced that responsible for the murder is a vampire, specifically Count Mora  and his daughter Luna , while the Prague police inspector  refuses to believe. Now his daughter Irena ([[Elizabeth Allan  is the count’s next target. Enter Professor Zelen , an expert on vampires and the occult, who’s sent in to prevent her death. At the same time, secrets are revealed surrounding the circumstances of Sir Karell’s death."] ["The film is set in turn-of-the-century Carpathian village where a series of murders occur in which the victims are found with silver coins embedded in their hearts. The coins are revealed to be talismans placed on the victims by the town witch , meant to ward off the supernatural powers of the aged Baroness Graps . The baroness has been performing these duties for the ghost of her murdered daughter, who wants to claim the villagers' souls. In order to free the village from the curse, Dali must find the sequestered baroness and destroy her."] ['Handicapped farmer Pete  and sister Ellen  have raised ward Meg as their own on a reclusive farm. Now a teen, Meg  convinces her friend Nath to come help with chores on the farm. When Nath insists on using a shortcut home through the woods, Pete warns the young man of screams in the night and the terrors associated with the abandoned red house. Curious, Meg and Nath ignore his warnings and begin exploring and troubling secrets are revealed.'] ['Lemony Snicket  hides in a clocktower while writing his documentation about the three wealthy Baudelaire children: Violet , Klaus , and Sunny . One morning when they leave the mansion to play at the fun beach, Mr. Poe, the family banker , informs the children that their parents have just perished in a fire that also destroyed their mansion. Mr. Poe then sends the children to live with Count Olaf , an actor who is their closest relative. After arriving at a nice house, Justice Strauss, Olaf\'s neighbor, informs them that Olaf is across the road, in a squalid, hideous house. The kids learn that Olaf has only accepted their guardianship under the belief that he will get their big fortune but when he learns the opposite he stops all friendliness to the children after promising to take care of them well; he treats the children awfully, giving them a long list of chores to do everyday and provides them one bed and no possessions except rocks and he sends them to bed when it is far from nighttime; one night when he orders the kids to make dinner they make pasta but Olaf is outraged when he finds that they have not made roast beef, slaps Klaus and when they threaten to call the authorities he puts them in solitary confinement in their room. On the day Olaf is granted full custody of the children he pretends to be apologetic but however, he brings them out for a drive, and makes a stop at the Last Chance General Store to pick up some sodas. The orphans realize that Count Olaf has parked the car on a grade crossing and intends to have them killed by a passing train. Through an improvised device by Violet, they are able to pull the switch protecting a track merge a few feet short of the crossing in the nick of time, diverting the train to the other track. Mr. Poe sees Sunny sitting in the front seat and takes the Baudelaires from Olaf, arguing that no responsible parent would let a child Sunny\'s age unattended on a car\'s front seat, although he doesn\'t believe Klaus when he tells him that Olaf tried to kill them. Olaf, pretending to have an emotional goodbye with the Baudelaires, promises that he will find them again and get their fortune one way or another. Mr. Poe sends the Baudelaires to live with their uncle, Dr. Montgomery Montgomery , a cheerfully eccentric herpetologist. The Baudelaires live happily with Uncle Monty, who plans a trip with them to Peru, and they spend their time preparing for the journey in Montgomery\'s Reptile Room. Uncle Monty also tells them that he has recently discovered a new snake and called it the Incredibly Deadly Viper and intends to present the snake to the scientific community. The viper almost escapes and tries to bite Sunny, but Monty tells the children that the snake\'s name is a misnomer, intended as a prank to his fellow herpetologists for making fun of his name, and it is perfectly harmless. Their stay with him is cut short when Olaf appears in disguise as an Italian man named Stephano, who Uncle Monty hired to replace his assistant, Gustav . The Baudelaires recognize their ex-guardian, and tried to warn their uncle many times, but they are either impeded by Olaf, or misinterpreted by Montgomery, until the earlier murders Monty and frames the Incredibly Deadly Viper for the killing. Mr. Poe arrives at the scene, but, as usual, doesn\'t believe the children when they try to explain Stefano\'s identity. As the disguised Olaf prepares to spirit the children away, Sunny reveals the snake\'s true gentle nature, and Olaf\'s plot is exposed. Olaf abandons his disguise and escapes. The orphans are then sent to live by Lake Lachrymose, where their Aunt Josephine  resides in a house perched precariously on the edge of a cliff overlooking the waters of the vast Lake Lachrymose . The lake is infested with leeches that will devour a human if they enter the water after eating without waiting an hour. Josephine presents an odd obsession with grammar, and has numerous irrational fears such as: the refrigerator falling down and crushing someone, the doorknobs shattering into pieces, and the stove catching on fire. It is revealed that she greatly fears the lake itself , yet her fear of realtors prevents her from moving; she now can only look at the lake through an enormous window located at her library. However, Olaf arrives once again, disguised as a sailor named Captain Sham, and tries to seduce Aunt Josephine . The Baudelaire children attempt to persuade their aunt that Sham is Count Olaf, but she doesn\'t believe them, mainly because Captain Sham doesn\'t have a tattoo of an eye on his ankle, which is Olaf\'s distinguishing feature. One afternoon, the children come home to find the library\'s Wide Window shattered and a suicide note from Aunt Josephine, saying that she is putting them under the care of Captain Sham. Klaus quickly realizes that it is a code because Josephine was particular about her and the children\'s grammar, but many mistakes were made. The orphans discover that the code spells "Curdled Cave", referring to a cavern located at the other end of the lake. A hurricane starts to tear the house apart and the children discover a room of photographs and documents which apparently contain clues to the cause of the fire that killed their parents, but the orphans are forced to escape, and the room with all the documents, falls to the Lachrymose Lake with the rest of the house. Traveling via boat, they find Aunt Josephine hiding, and she tells the Baudelaires that Olaf forced her to write the note, but added the mistakes to reveal her location to the children. After convincing her to come back with them, despite her fear of Olaf, Josephine reveals that the children\'s parents were the leaders of a secret organization that investigated fires, and all of their previous caretakers had been members of this mysterious organization. Before aunt Josephine can explain further, they encounter the Lachrymose leeches. Count Olaf arrives and rescues the children, but leaves Josephine to be eaten alive by the leeches. Mr. Poe arrives, and gives custody back to Count Olaf, seeing how he rescued the children. During the conversation, Poe reveals to Olaf that the Count wouldn\'t inherit the children\'s fortune even if they died, with the exception of blood relatives, or married couples. After thinking for a moment, he invites Mr. Poe to his latest play. The play is titled The Marvelous Marriage and stars himself and Violet as the leads. In the play, his character is supposed to marry Violet\'s character. Mr. Poe, his wife, and various people arrive for the opening night. Klaus quickly realizes that the wedding in the play is real, and it will allow him to gain access to her inheritance. This move is accomplished by Olaf\'s casting of Justice Strauss, as the supposed judge in the play; with her in this role, the marriage is technically legal. To ensure Violet\'s cooperation, Olaf holds Sunny hostage in a birdcage high above his tower. Klaus manages to escape the play, and goes to save Sunny using a grappling hook and climbs the tower. He arrives and, as he tries to free Sunny, one of the Count\'s associates, a man with hooks for hands, tries to kill him, but falls out the window. Sunny points out a gigantic eye to Klaus, and as he approaches it, he notices it matches an illustration found at their Aunt Josephine\'s secret room. Meanwhile, Violet tries to sign the wedding certificate using her left hand, which would have nullified the marriage, however, Olaf notices and prevents it. Immediately after Violet signs the document, he declares that the play has ended, and reveals his scheme to Mr. Poe, and the rest of the audience, saying that there is nothing they can do to stop him, now that he is legally married to Violet, and taunts them for not believing the Baudelaires when they tried to tell them of his evil plans. Klaus discovers that the eye is actually a complex light-focusing apparatus that Olaf apparently used to set fire to the Baudelaire mansion, and uses it to burn Olaf and Violet\'s marriage certificate from the tower. Olaf is arrested, and the narration of Lemony Snicket explains that the count is then sentenced to endure every unfortunate event he put the children in before being sent to jail. However, Lemony Snicket admits, this is not true, as the Count vanished after a jury of his associates declared him innocent. Mr. Poe drives the children to a new home, but makes a stop to let the orphans say goodbye to their old home. At the ruins of the Baudelaire Mansion, the three orphans receive a letter their parents sent to them during a journey to Europe, but had gotten lost in the mail. The envelope also contained a spyglass, similar to the ones Klaus noticed Aunt Josephine, and Uncle Monty possessed. The film ends with Mr. Poe\'s car driving away to the distance through a road flanked by trees, and the narrator  hiding his report on the Baudelaires on the clock tower.'] ['One night, while out row boating in the middle of a lake, John Haloran and his young wife Louise argue about his rich mother\'s will. Louise is upset that everything is currently designated to go to charity in the name of "a mysterious Kathleen." John tells Louise that if he dies before his mother does, she will be entitled to none of the inheritance. He then promptly drops dead from a massive heart attack. Thinking quickly, the scheming Louise throws the fresh corpse over the side of the boat, where he comes to rest at the bottom of the lake. Her plan is to pretend that he is still alive, in order to ingratiate her way back into the will. She types up a letter to Lady Haloran, inviting herself to the family\'s Irish castle while her husband is "away on business". Upon arrival, she immediately notices that things are a little strange in the castle. She observes John\'s two brothers, Billy and Richard taking part in a bizarre ceremony with their mother as part of a yearly ritualistic tribute to their youngest sister, Kathleen, who died many years before in a freak drowning accident. Lady Haloran still mourns for her, and during this year\'s ceremony, she faints dead away. As Louise helps her into the house, her mother-in-law tells her that she fainted because one of the flowers she had thrown had died as it touched Kathleen\'s grave. Louise, realizing that Lady Haloran is emotionally overwrought and superstitious, devises a plan intended to convince the old woman that Kathleen is trying to communicate with her from beyond the grave. This plan involves stealing some of the dead girl\'s old toys and placing them at the bottom of the estate\'s pond where they will float to the surface in the middle of the day in an ostensibly ghostly way. At night, Louise swims into the pond and begins placing the toys as planned. However, she is shocked to see what appears to be Kathleen\'s perfectly preserved corpse at the bottom of the pond. Horrified, she swims to the surface... and is abruptly axed to death by an unknown assailant. The killer then drags Louise\'s bloody corpse away.  Concerned family doctor Justin Caleb arrives and becomes determined to solve the mystery. He questions the family in an intense, almost insane manner. Meanwhile, the murderer strikes again, decapitating a man who is poaching on the estate. Caleb has the pond drained, revealing a stone shrine for Kathleen, with the words "Forgive Me, Kathleen" on the monument. The following night, Lady Haloran is attacked by a shadowy figure, but she survives. Finally, Caleb utilizes an obscure nursery rhyme  to help him discover Louise\'s corpse hidden in a meat freezer. Next to the body is a wax figure of Kathleen. Caleb places the figure in a public square to lure the killer. Taking the bait, a gibbering Billy attempts to kill Richard\'s fiancée Kane with an axe; he has become insane with the guilt he has felt for years over having caused the death of his sister Kathleen. Caleb removes a gun from his coat pocket and shoots Billy to death.'] ["Mary, a young woman  at Miss Highcliff's boarding school, finds out that her sister Jacqueline , who is her only relative, has gone missing and has not paid her tuition in months. The school officials tell her she can only stay on if she works for the school, to pay her tuition. Mary decides to leave school and try to find her sister. She returns to New York City, and finds that her sister had sold her cosmetics business eight months earlier. She locates the apartment Jacqueline was renting, and finds the only things in the room are a chair and a noose hanging from the ceiling. Knowing that her sister has never feared death only makes Mary more anxious and determined to find her. Her investigation leads her to Jacqueline's secret husband Gregory Ward , a failed poet , and a mysterious psychiatrist, Dr. Judd . A private detective  helps her in her investigation, but is stabbed and dies. Dr. Judd helps her locate the sister, who turns out to be hiding from a Satanic cult her co-workers were part of called the Palladists. During the investigation, Ward falls in love with Mary, his sister-in-law. Meanwhile, Jacqueline is kidnapped by the cult members who insist that she kill herself, because the rules of the cult state that anyone who talks about the cult must die. She would be the seventh person condemned under these rules, hence the film's title. However, the cult has rules against violence, and decides that Jacqueline, who is suicidal anyway, should kill herself. When she refuses, the cult members let her leave, only to be stalked on the streets by an assassin. She escapes and returns to Mary's apartment, which is next to her own. Before she can enter though, she meets her neighbor, a deathly ill young woman . The woman tells her she’s afraid to die, but she is tired of keeping quiet and fearing death. She decides to have a night out before she dies. Jacqueline, having lost the will to live, enters the room she rented and kills herself. The sick woman walks down the stairs dressed for a night out and hears a thud, but thinks nothing of it."] ["Verden Fell  is both mournful and threatened by his first wife's death. He senses her reluctance to die and her near-blasphemous statements about God. Alone and troubled by a vision problem that requires him to wear strange dark glasses, Fell shuns the world. Against his better judgement, he marries a headstrong young woman  he meets by accident and who is apparently bethrothed to an old friend Christopher Gough ([[John Westbrook . The spirit of Fell's first wife Ligeia seems to haunt the old mansion/abbey where they live and a series of nocturnal visions and the sinister presence of a cat  cause him distress. Ultimately he must face the spirit of Ligeia and resist her or perish."] [' In 1976 Spain, a young girl named Laura is playing on the field with her friends in a park of the orphanage. Soon after, a caretaker of the orphanage receives a call and she confirms that Laura is going to be adopted. In present day, 37-year old Laura  returns to the dilapidated orphanage where she grew up, accompanied by her husband, Carlos , and their seven-year-old adopted son, Simón . Her plan is to rebuild and reopen the orphanage as a facility for disabled children. Once there, Simón claims to see a boy named Tomás, whom he befriends and draws as a child wearing a sack mask. A social worker, Benigna Escobeda , visits the orphanage, telling Laura that she has Simón\'s adoption file, which includes the fact that Simón is HIV-positive. Incensed at Benigna\'s intrusion, Laura sends her away. That night, Laura finds Benigna snooping around her coal shed, but Benigna escapes the premises before Laura can confront her. Later, Simón teaches Laura a type of scavenger hunt game that Tomás taught him. The game involves hiding a person\'s possessions, with the player who recovers his final possession winning a granted wish. While playing the game, the clues lead to Simón\'s adoption file with an angry Simón saying his new friends told him that Laura is not his real mother and that he knows he is going to die soon. During a children\'s party at the orphanage, Laura and Simón argue, and Simón hides from her. While searching for him, Laura is confronted by a boy in a sack mask with the name "Tomás" embroidered onto his shirt. Laura presumes it is Simón playing games but the boy traps her in a bathroom, and when she escapes she finds that Simón is missing, and searches for him throughout the house and outside. The hunt leads her to a cave where she trips and injures herself. At a medical center, the police psychologist, Pilar, suggests to Laura and Carlos that Benigna may have abducted Simón. That night at home, a bedridden Laura hears unexplained banging in the walls. Six months later, Simón is still declared missing. One day, while searching in a snowy city in Northern Spain, Laura and Carlos spot Benigna pushing a baby carriage downtown. As Laura calls out to her, Benigna is suddenly hit and killed by a speeding truck. Laura rushes to Benigna\'s carriage, but finds only a doll wearing Tomás\' sack mask. The police search Benigna\'s home and find evidence revealing that Benigna worked at the orphanage long ago and that she had a son named Tomás who was at the orphanage. He wore a sack-like mask over his head due to his deformed face and was housed away from the other children in a separate room. Tomás was accidentally killed by the children of the orphanage who found out about him and stole his mask near a beach cave, which is accessible at low tide. Embarrassed, Tomás hid in the cave, resulting in his death by drowning, which happened only weeks after Laura was sent away. In desperation, Laura goes to a medium named Aurora , seeking clues to her son\'s disappearance. Aurora sets up cameras around the house and begins a seance to talk to them, and Carlos and Laura are monitoring. After the seance, she claims that she saw the children in the bedroom, who were saying something. With clues from the medium, Laura searches the orphanage grounds and discovers the remains of the orphans she grew up with who were killed by Benigna and stored in sacks of bone and ashes that were hidden inside the coal storage outside the house.  Unable to cope with the situation, Carlos leaves the orphanage as Laura promises him she will be done in two days. Laura recreates the original orphanage layout and attempts to contact the ghost children. She soon begins to see them around her when she initiates a game of "Uno, Dos, Tres, Toca la Pared" [One, Two, Three, Knock on the Wall; similar to Red Light, Green Light in the United States], which she used to play while growing up at the orphanage. The ghosts lead her to a hidden door within a cupboard under the stairs . This door leads to a hidden basement room. In the room, she sees Simón alive and hugs him in a blanket. As the ghost children vanish, Laura finds that the blanket is empty and the body of the deceased Simón, wearing Tomás\' mask, lies behind her. She realizes that she had inadvertently caused Simón\'s death , and that the unexplained noises she had heard were Simón trying to get out. At one point Laura had heard a loud crash which had been Simon falling through the stair railing, and onto the ground below, breaking his neck. Laura carries Simón\'s body upstairs and swallows many handfuls of Trankimazin capsules, begging to be with Simón again. Laura\'s wish is granted as the ghosts of the dead children appear and Simón returns to life in Laura\'s arms. Simón then tells Laura that his wish was for her to stay and take care of all the orphans. Later, Carlos walks alone over to the memorial for Laura, Simón, and the orphans which stand outside the orphanage. Carlos returns to the orphans\' old bedroom and finds a St. Anthony medallion, that he had given to Laura. He hears the door opening; as he looks up he slowly smiles.'] ['After going through the woods on the way to a party, seven teenagers stumble upon a town called Wormwood Ridge. The townspeople are celebrating a Headless Horseman ceremony, which unbeknownst to the teenagers requires human heads from young people. The teens, with the help of a young tow-truck driver named Candy , attempt to escape the town before they are killed. By the end of the movie only Ava, Liam and Candy are still alive, all the others  having been beheaded in several different ways.'] ['In the late 18th century, two newlyweds move into the stately mansion of the husband, Charles Fengriffen . The bride, Catherine Fengriffen , falls victim to a curse placed by a wronged servant on the Fengriffen family and its descendants.'] ["Farmer's daughter Miranda Wells  is brought up in Connecticut by her strait-laced low church parents, Ephraim  and Abigail , dreaming of her rich distant cousin, Nicholas Van Ryn  and his immense gothic house, Dragonwyck Manor. In 1844, she is invited by her dark, autocratic and charming atheistic cousin, to live in his New York mansion as a companion to his daughter. Arriving with high hopes, Miranda finds the Van Ryns a bit strange. The parents barely know daughter Katrine; Nicholas faces a revolt of his tenant farmers; the servants hint darkly of curses and visitations. As she watches the dark secrets of the house unfold, she becomes more aware of selfishness and insanity while becoming more involved with Nicholas. The closer Miranda grows to the community and the Van Ryns, the more she wishes she had never come to Dragonwyck. How or why does Nicholas's wife, Johanna die? Can Dr. Jeff Turner help Miranda? And what does Nicholas really do up in his tower room?"] ["In 1462, Vlad Dracula, a member of the Order of the Dragon, returns from a victory against the Turks to find his wife, Elisabeta, has committed suicide after receiving a false report of his death. Enraged that his wife is now damned for committing suicide, Dracula desecrates his chapel and renounces God, declaring that he will rise from the grave to avenge Elisabeta with all the powers of darkness. In a fit of rage, he stabs the cross with his sword and drinks the blood which is pouring out of the cross. In 1897, newly-qualified solicitor Jonathan Harker takes the Transylvanian Count Dracula as a client from his colleague R. M. Renfield, who has gone insane. Jonathan travels to Transylvania to arrange Dracula's real estate acquisition in London, including Carfax Abbey. Jonathan meets Dracula, who discovers a picture of Harker's fiancée, Mina, and believes that she is the reincarnation of Elisabeta. Dracula leaves Jonathan to be seduced by his brides and sails to England with boxes of his native soil, taking up residence at Carfax Abbey. His arrival is foretold by the ravings of Renfield, now an inmate in Dr. Jack Seward's neighboring insane asylum. In London, Dracula emerges as a wolf-like creature amid a fierce thunderstorm and hypnotically seduces, then rapes and bites Lucy Westenra, with whom Mina is staying while Jonathan is in Transylvania. Lucy's deteriorating health and behavioral changes prompts Lucy's former suitors Quincey Morris and Dr. Seward, along with her fiancée, Arthur Holmwood, to summon Dr. Abraham Van Helsing, who recognizes Lucy as the victim of a vampire. Dracula, appearing young and handsome during daylight, meets and charms Mina. When Mina receives word from Jonathan, who has escaped the castle and recovered at a convent, she travels to Romania to marry him. In his fury, Dracula transforms Lucy into a vampire. Van Helsing, Holmwood, Seward and Morris kill Lucy.  After Jonathan and Mina return to London, Jonathan and Van Helsing lead the others to Carfax Abbey, where they destroy the Count's boxes of soil. Dracula enters the asylum, where he kills Renfield for warning Mina of his presence before visiting Mina, who is staying in Seward's quarters while the others hunt Dracula. He confesses that he murdered Lucy and has been terrorizing Mina's friends, but a confused and angry Mina admits that she still loves him and remembers her previous life as Elisabeta. At her insistence, Dracula begins transforming her into a vampire. The hunters burst into the bedroom, with Dracula claiming Mina as his bride before escaping. As Mina begins changing, Van Helsing hypnotizes her and learns via her connection with Dracula that he is sailing home in his last remaining box. The hunters depart for Varna to intercept him, but Dracula reads Mina's mind and evades them. The hunters split up, with Van Helsing and Mina traveling to the Borgo Pass and the castle, while the others try to stop the Gypsies transporting the Count. At night, Van Helsing and Mina are approached by Dracula's brides. They frighten Mina at first, but she gives into their chanting and attempts to seduce Van Helsing. Before Mina can feed on his blood, Van Helsing places a communion wafer upon her forehead, leaving a mark. He surrounds them with a ring of fire to protect them from the brides, then infiltrates the castle and decapitates them the following morning. As sunset approaches, Dracula's carriage arrives at the castle, pursued by the hunters. A fight between the hunters and gypsies ensues. Morris is stabbed in the back during the fight and at sunset Dracula bursts from his coffin. Harker slits his throat while a wounded Morris stabs him in the heart with a Bowie knife. As Dracula staggers, Mina rushes to his defense. Holmwood tries to attack but Van Helsing and Harker allow her to retreat with the Count. Morris dies, surrounded by his friends. In the chapel where he renounced God, Dracula lies dying in an ancient demonic form. He asks Mina to give him peace. They share a kiss as the candles adorning the chapel light up, and Mina shoves the knife through Dracula's heart. The mark on her forehead disappears as Dracula's curse is lifted. She decapitates him, and finally gazes up at the fresco of Vlad and Elisabeta ascending to Heaven together."] ['Thomas Hutter  lives in the fictitious German city of Wisborg. His employer, Knock , sends Hutter to Transylvania to visit a new client named Count Orlok . Hutter entrusts his loving wife Ellen  to his good friend Harding  and Harding\'s sister Annie , before embarking on his long journey. Nearing his destination in the Carpathian mountains, Hutter stops at an inn for dinner. The locals become frightened by the mere mention of Orlok\'s name and discourage him from traveling to his castle at night, warning of a werewolf on the prowl. The next morning, Hutter takes a coach to a high mountain pass, but the coachmen decline to take him any further than the bridge as nightfall is approaching. A black-swathed coach appears after Hutter crosses the bridge and the coachman gestures for him to climb aboard. Hutter is welcomed at a castle by Count Orlok. When Hutter is eating dinner and accidentally cuts his thumb, Orlok tries to suck the blood out, but his repulsed guest pulls his hand away. Hutter wakes up to a deserted castle the morning after and notices fresh punctures on his neck, which he attributes to mosquitoes or spiders. That night, Orlok signs the documents to purchase the house across from Hutter\'s own home. Hutter writes a letter to his wife and gets a coachman to send it. Reading a book about vampires that he took from the local inn, Hutter starts to suspect that Orlok is Nosferatu, the "Bird of Death." He cowers in his room as midnight approaches, but there is no way to bar the door. The door opens by itself and Orlok enters, his true nature finally revealed, and Hutter falls unconscious. The next day, Hutter explores the castle. In its crypt, he finds the coffin in which Orlok is resting dormant. Hutter becomes horrified and dashes back to his room. Hours later from the window, he sees Orlok piling up coffins on a coach and climbing into the last one before the coach departs. Hutter escapes the castle through the window, but is knocked unconscious by the fall, and awakes in a hospital. When he is sufficiently recovered, he hurries home. Meanwhile, the coffins are shipped down river on a raft. They are transferred to a schooner, but not before one is opened by the crew, revealing a multitude of rats. The sailors on the ship get sick one by one; soon all but the captain and first mate are dead. Suspecting the truth, the first mate goes below to destroy the coffins. However, Orlok awakens and the horrified sailor jumps into the sea. Unaware of his danger, the captain becomes Orlok\'s latest victim when he ties himself to the wheel. When the ship arrives in Wisborg, Orlok leaves unobserved, carrying one of his coffins, and moves into the house he purchased. The next morning, when the ship is inspected, the captain is found dead. After examining the logbook, the doctors assume they are dealing with the plague. The town is stricken with panic, and people are warned to stay inside. There are many deaths in the town, which are blamed on the plague. Knock, who had been committed to a psychiatric ward, escapes after murdering the warden. The townspeople give chase, but he eludes them by climbing a roof, then using a scarecrow. Meanwhile, Orlok stares from his window at the sleeping Ellen. Against her husband\'s wishes, Ellen had read the book he found. The book claims that the way to defeat a vampire is for a woman who is pure in heart to distract the vampire with her beauty all through the night. She opens her window to invite him in, but faints. When Hutter revives her, she sends him to fetch Professor Bulwer . After he leaves, Orlok comes in. He becomes so engrossed drinking her blood that he forgets about the coming day. When a rooster crows, Orlok vanishes in a puff of smoke as he tries to flee. Ellen lives just long enough to be embraced by her grief-stricken husband. The last scene shows Count Orlok\'s ruined castle in the Carpathian Mountains, symbolizing the end of Count Orlok.'] ["At night just outside Paris, a woman  drives along a riverbank and dumps a corpse in the river. After the body is recovered, Dr. Génessier  identifies the remains as those of his missing daughter, Christiane Génessier , whose face was horribly disfigured in an automobile accident that occurred before her disappearance. Dr. Génessier lives in a large mansion, which is adjacent to his clinic, with numerous caged German Shepherds  and other large dogs. Following Christiane's funeral, Dr. Génessier and his assistant Louise, the woman who had disposed of the dead body earlier, return home where the real Christiane is hidden. The body belonged to a young woman that died following Dr. Génessier's unsuccessful attempt to graft her face onto his daughter's. Dr. Génessier promises to restore Christiane's face and insists that she wear a mask to cover her disfigurement. After her father leaves the room, Christiane calls her fiance Jacques Vernon , who works with Dr. Génessier at his clinic, but hangs up without saying a word.  Louise lures a young female student named Edna Grüber  to Génessier's home, by promising her accommodation from friends of hers. Génessier chloroforms Edna and takes her to his secret laboratory, where he performs heterograft surgery, removing her face. The doctor successfully grafts the skin onto his daughter's face and holds the heavily bandaged and faceless Edna against her will. Edna escapes, but falls to her death from an upstairs window. After disposing of Edna's corpse, Génessier notices flaws on Christiane's face. Her face grows worse within days; the new tissue is being rejected and she must resort to wearing her mask again. Christiane again phones Jacques and this time says his name, but the phone call is interrupted by Louise. Jacques reports the call to the police, who have been investigating the disappearance of several young women with blue eyes and similar facial characteristics. The police have gained a lead concerning a woman who wears a pearl choker, whom Jacques recognizes as Louise. Inspector Parot , an officer investigating Edna's disappearance, asks a young woman named Paulette Mérodon  to help investigate by checking herself into Génessier's clinic. After being declared healthy, Paulette leaves for Paris and is promptly picked up by Louise, who delivers her to Dr. Génessier. Génessier is about to begin surgery on Paulette when Louise informs him that the police want to see him. While the doctor talks with the police, Christiane, who has long been disenchanted with her father's experiments, frees Paulette and stabs Louise in the neck. She also frees the dogs and doves that her father uses for experiments. Dr. Génessier dismisses the police and returns to his lab, where the dogs attack him, brutally disfiguring his face. Christiane walks slowly into the woods outside Génessier's house with one of the freed doves on her hand."] ['On a late evening, Allan Gray arrives at an inn close to the village of Courtempierre where he rents a room to sleep. Gray is awakened suddenly by an old man, entering the room and leaving a square packet on Gray\'s table with "To be opened upon my death" written on it. Gray takes the package and walks outside finding shadows guiding him to an old castle where he sees several shadows dancing and wandering on their own. Gray also sees an elderly woman and encounters the village doctor. Gray leaves the castle and walks to a manor. Looking through one of the windows, Gray sees the man who gave him the package earlier. This old man is suddenly murdered by gunshot. Gray is let into the house by servants who rush to the aid of the fallen man but find it too late to save him. The servants have Gray stay the night, where the Lord of the manor\'s youngest daughter, Giséle leads Gray to the library where he learns that her sister, Léone is gravely ill. Gray and Giséle then see Léone walking outside. They rush to her finding her lying unconscious with fresh bite wounds. They have her carried back up to the manor where Gray remembers the parcel given to him. On opening the parcel, Gray finds the book is about horrific demons called Vampyrs. After reading the book, Gray discovers Léone is a victim of a Vampyr and that the Vampyr also can have humans forced into her submission. The village doctor visits Léone at the manor, and Gray recognizes him as the old man he saw in the castle. The doctor tells Gray that a blood transfusion is needed and Gray offers his blood to save Léone. Exhausted from blood loss, Gray wakes sensing danger, and rushes to Léone, finding the doctor who has just dropped a poison vial from his hand. The doctor flees the manor, as Gray finds that Giséle has gone missing. Gray follows the doctor, finding himself in the castle where he has a vision of himself being buried alive. After waking from this vision, he succeeds in rescuing Giséle while the doctor is able to get away. The old servant of the manor finds Gray\'s Vampyr book and discovers the way to defeat a Vampyr is with an iron bar through their heart. The servant meets Allan Gray by Marguerite Chopin\'s grave behind the village Chapel. They open the grave and find the old woman lying there and hammer a large metal bar through her heart, killing her. The village doctor has found refuge in an old mill, but finds himself locked in a chamber where flour sacks are filled. The old servant arrives and activates the mill\'s machinery, making the Vampyr\'s associate drown in the flour that comes crashing from above. The curse of the Vampyr is lifted when Léone recovers. Giséle and Gray cross a foggy river outside by boat and find themselves in a brighter clearing.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 79–129.'] ["In 1799, New York City, Ichabod Crane is a 24-year-old officer. He is dispatched by his superiors to the Westchester County hamlet of Sleepy Hollow, New York, to investigate a series of brutal slayings in which the victims have been found decapitated: Peter Van Garrett, his son Dirk, and the widow Emily Winship. A pioneer of new, unproven investigative techniques such as finger-printing and autopsies, Crane arrives in Sleepy Hollow armed with his bag of scientific tools only to be informed by the town's elders that the murderer is not of flesh and blood, rather a headless supernatural warrior from beyond the grave who rides at night on a massive black steed. Crane begins his investigation, remaining highly skeptical about the supernatural elements in the case until he encounters the Headless Horseman himself, who kills Magistrate Samuel Phillipse on sight. Boarding a room at the home of the town's richest family, the Van Tassels, Crane develops an attraction to their daughter Katrina, while he is plagued by nightmares of his mother's horrific torture when he was a child. Delving further into the mystery with the aid of the orphaned Young Masbath, whose father Jonathan was a victim of the Horseman, Crane discovers within the Western Woods the Horseman's grave, as well as his entry point into the natural world from the supernatural — the gnarled Tree of the Dead. Crane finds the Horseman's skull is missing, and eventually uncovers a murky plot revolving around revenge and land rights with the Horseman controlled by Katrina's stepmother Lady Van Tassel, who sends the killer after Katrina now to solidify her hold on what she considers her property, a piece of land unjustly claimed by Katrina's father. Following a fight in the local windmill and a stagecoach chase through the woods, Crane eventually thwarts Lady Van Tassel by returning the skull to the Horseman, who regains his head and heads back to Hell along with his enslaver. With his job in Sleepy Hollow over, Crane, with Katrina and Young Masbath, returns to New York in time for the new century."] ['{{plot}} The residents of the village of Frankenstein feel they are under a curse and blame all their troubles on the Frankenstein Monster. Rumors circulate about Ygor who is still alive and supposedly trying to revive the Monster. The villagers pressure the Mayor into allowing them to destroy Frankenstein’s castle. Ygor  attempts to put up some resistance but the villagers rush the gates and begin to destroy the castle. Ygor, fleeing through the catacombs, finds the Monster released from his sulfuric tomb by the explosions. The exposure to the sulfur weakened the Monster but also preserved him. Unseen by the villagers, Ygor and the Monster flee the castle to the surrounding countryside. There they encounter a powerful thunderstorm. The Monster is struck by a bolt of lightning, but instead of being harmed by it, he seems to be rejuvenated. Ygor decides to find Ludwig, the second son of the original Frankenstein, to help the Monster. Ludwig Frankenstein  is a doctor who, along with his assistants Dr. Kettering  and Dr. Theodore Bohmer , has a successful practice in Vasaria. They have just completed a breakthrough treatment for mental illness whereby a damaged brain has been removed from the body, surgically altered, then successfully reintroduced into the patient\'s skull. Bohmer was formerly Frankenstein’s teacher but made a tragic surgical mistake and now is relegated to being Frankenstein’s envious assistant. Ygor and the Monster arrive in Vasaria and discover that Ludwig lives in a chateau at the end of town. The Monster quickly befriends a young girl, Cloestine Hussman . The Monster scoops the little girl up in his arms and carries her onto a nearby roof to retrieve her ball, killing two villagers in the process who attempted to intervene. After Cloestine asks the Monster to take her to daddy, the Monster returns the girl to her father Herr Hussman  and is immediately captured by the entire police force. The town prosecutor, Erik Ernst , comes to Ludwig Frankenstein and asks him to examine the giant they have captured. Frankenstein says he will comply after he finishes some work. Soon, Ygor pays Frankenstein a visit informing him that the giant at the police station is the Monster. Ygor implores the Doctor to heal the Monster’s sick body and brain. Frankenstein refuses, not wanting the Monster to ruin his life as it did for his father and brother. Ygor threatens to reveal Ludwig’s ancestry to the villagers and forces him to give in. At the police station, the Monster is restrained with chains as a hearing is conducted to investigate the murder of the two villagers. The Monster does not respond to any questions. Ludwig Frankenstein then arrives and the Monster shows signs of recognizing him. When Ludwig Frankenstein denies knowing him, the Monster goes berserk and breaks free. Ygor leads the Monster away. While alone in her father’s study, Elsa , Frankenstein\'s daughter, finds the Frankenstein journals and reads them, learning the story of the Monster. She then sees the Monster and Ygor in the window and screams. Then, Ygor and the Monster break into Frankenstein’s laboratory and the Monster kills Dr. Kettering. The Monster grabs Elsa, but Ludwig Frankenstein is able to subdue him with knockout gas. When Elsa revives, Ludwig tells her of Kettering’s death and promises her that he will not let this curse from the past separate them. Ludwig Frankenstein is examining his father’s creation when the Monster revives and tries to kill him. Ludwig is able to tranquilize the Monster and then tries to enlist Bohmer’s aid in dissecting the Monster. Bohmer refuses claiming it would be murder but Ludwig is determined to destroy the Monster, even if he must do it alone. While studying his family’s journals, Ludwig is visited by the ghost of his father Henry Frankenstein . The spirit implores him to perfect his creation rather than to destroy it by giving the creature a good brain. Ludwig Frankenstein calls in Bohmer and Ygor and tells them that he plans to put Dr. Kettering’s brain into the Monster’s skull. Ygor protests and asks Ludwig to use his brain instead as Ygor\'s broken body reflects the multiple attempts to kill him, including Ludwig\'s older brother. Ludwig refuses insisting \'that would be a monster indeed\'. Ludwig then charges the Monster to give him strength for the operation. Elsa protests to her father telling him to stop his experiments but he refuses, choosing to operate on the patient as soon as possible. Ygor later explains to the Monster that he will receive a new brain. Ygor also taunts Bohmer, telling him that he shouldn’t be subordinate to Frankenstein. Ygor promises to help the disgraced doctor if he agrees to put Ygor’s brain into the Monster. Bohmer ponders the possibilities. The police soon arrive at Frankenstein’s house, searching for the Monster. They find the secret room, but Ygor and the Monster have fled. The Monster abducts Cloestine, his young friend, and returns with her in his arms to Frankenstein’s chateau. The Monster’s reason for abducting her soon becomes clear....he wants the girls’ brain in his head. When Ygor protests, the Monster violently pushes him aside injuring Ygor’s spine. Cloestine does not want to lose her brain and the Monster reluctantly gives her to Elsa. Ludwig Frankenstein then performs the surgery believing he is putting Kettering’s brain in the Monster. Bohmer however has substituted Ygor’s brain for that of Kettering’s. In the village, Herr Hussman rouses his neighbors by telling them his daughter has been captured by the Monster and that Ludwig Frankenstein is harboring the creature. They race to the chateau but Erik Ernst convinces the group to give him five minutes to convince Ludwig Frankenstein to give up the Monster. Ludwig admits he has the Monster and agrees to show him to Erik thinking Kettering’s brain is in his skull. Upon Ludwig and Erik arriving in the room, The Monster rises and Frankenstein is shocked to hear Ygor’s voice come from the Monster’s mouth. The villagers now storm the chateau and the Ygor-Monster decides to have Bohmer fill the house with gas to kill them. Frankenstein tries to stop him, but the Ygor-Monster repels the attack and mortally wounds Ludwig. The villagers find the Hussman girl and run from the building, fleeing the deadly gas. The Ygor-Monster suddenly goes blind and calls for Bohmer. The wounded Ludwig states "Your dream of power is over Bohmer. You didn\'t realize his blood is the same type as Kettering\'s but not the same as Ygor\'s. It will not feed the sensory nerves." The Ygor-Monster accuses Bohmer of tricking him and asks "What good is there a brain without eyes to see?" The Ygor-Monster then throws Bohmer onto the apparatus electrocuting him and then inadvertently sets fire to the chateau. This brings about his own demise as he is unable to get out of the chateau while Erik and Elsa walk off toward the sunrise together.'] ['{{plot}}  A large castle is being used by the US Government as an insane asylum for military personnel. Among the many patients there is a former astronaut, Billy Cutshaw, who aborted a moon launch and was dragged screaming from the capsule. Colonel Kane, a former member of a United States Marine Corps special unit, arrives at the castle to take over the treatment of the patients. He meets Colonel Fell, who helps Kane acclimate himself to the eccentricities of the patients. Kane pays special attention to Cutshaw, repeatedly asking him why he didn\'t want to go to the moon. Cutshaw refuses to answer, but instead gives him a St. Christopher medal. After meeting with several of the patients, Kane falls asleep in his office. He has a nightmare, and when recounting it he explains to Fell that they are another man\'s nightmares, a former patient\'s. The patient was a soldier who had told Kane he had severed a Vietnamese boy\'s head with a wire trap and the boy was still talking when the soldier found it. Fell asks who the man was, and Kane responds that it was his brother, who is a "murderer". Kane asks if Fell has heard of Vincent "Killer" Kane, a guerrilla soldier who was personally responsible for killing dozens of enemies. Kane says "Killer" Kane was the soldier who told him the story, but was now dead. Later, Cutshaw talks with another patient about Kane. Cutshaw suspects that Kane is actually crazy himself. He asserts that psychiatrists often go crazy and have the highest suicide rate of any profession. Cutshaw goes to talk with Kane again, and they debate God and the idea that there is a divine plan. Kane, who believes that the existence of a God is far more likely than humanity having emerged from "random chance", tries to argue that deeds of pure self-sacrifice are proof of human goodness, which can only be explained by divine purpose. Cutshaw demands that Kane recall one concrete example of pure self-sacrifice from his personal experience. Kane can not. Cutshaw convinces Kane to take him to a church service, and while there he interrupts the service with several outbursts. Looking at an altar boy, Kane momentarily sees a Vietnamese boy. After returning to the castle, Cutshaw thanks Kane and asks him to send him a sign as proof of an afterlife should Kane die first. Kane promises to try. A new patient is scheduled to arrive at the castle and Kane goes to meet him. Kane instantly recognizes the soldier, who calls him "Killer Kane." Kane then flashes back to Vietnam as the soldier stumbles upon Kane, who is kneeling on the ground and muttering that he cut a boy\'s head off with a wire, but the boy "kept on talking". Insisting that they need to leave, the soldier advances on Kane, whom he sees is holding a severed head in his hands. Kane screams and the flashback ends. Kane collapses, unconscious. Finding out what happened, Fell then explains to the staff that Kane really is Vincent "Killer" Kane, and had suffered a breakdown in Vietnam. When Fell, who is actually Kane\'s brother Hudson, was dispatched back to America, Kane received the dispatch by accident. Kane convinced himself that he wasn\'t "Killer" Kane, and was instead a healer - like his brother. Subconsciously hoping to heal people to make up for his "murders" Kane returned to the US as his brother. Realizing Kane\'s mental state, the Army psychiatric staff maintained the charade and sent him to Fell\'s hospital under the pretext of being its commanding officer. In reality, Fell has been the commanding officer all along. Kane awakens and remembers nothing of the incident. Cutshaw escapes the castle and visits a bar. A biker gang recognizes Cutshaw from news reports of the aborted moon launch and begins brutalizing him. A waitress contacts the hospital and Kane, who arrives at the bar to retrieve him. Kane humbles himself to the bikers in order to get Cutshaw out of there, but the bikers are disgusted by his "cowardly" behavior. The gang brutalize and tries to rape Cutshaw. Kane then snaps and kills most of the bikers with his bare hands. Kane and Cutshaw return to the castle, and the police arrive to arrest Kane for the murders at the bar. Cutshaw visits Kane, who has wrapped himself in a blanket. Dreamy and distant, Kane disjointedly mumbles to Cutshaw about God and proof of human goodness before passing out. As Cutshaw leaves, Kane\'s hand emerges from his blankets and drops a bloody knife. Outside Kane\'s room, Cutshaw notices a spot of blood on his shoe. Rushing back in, Cutshaw discovers that Kane has died, sacrificing his own life in an attempt to provide Cutshaw the concrete example of human goodness which he was unable to demonstrate earlier. Some time later, Cutshaw  has returned to uniform and visits the now-abandoned castle. He sits in Kane\'s office and reads a note written to him by Kane shortly before his death. Kane writes that he hopes his death will "shock" Cutshaw back into sanity, but at any rate, he now has his one example of self-sacrifice. Cutshaw returns to his car and discovers a Saint Christopher\'s medal has somehow appeared on the seat. He turns it over to confirm whether it was the one he gave to Kane and silently rejoices at what he sees.'] ['The film is based on the story of Elizabeth Báthory, a 16th&ndash;17th century Hungarian countess. Her story takes place in a part of the Kingdom of Hungary, now Slovakia. She is infamous for killing many young women because &ndash; according to legend &ndash; she thought that bathing in their blood would preserve her youth. Eventually the royal authorities investigated, and she was walled up in her castle, where she died four years later. Juraj Jakubisko declared in an interview: {{quotation}}'] ['The three short sequences are based on the following Poe tales: "Morella", "The Black Cat" which is combined with another Poe tale, "The Cask of Amontillado"<ref name"Morella""The Black Cat""The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar" Dying from a painful disease, M. Valdemar  employs a hypnotist, Mr. Carmichael , to alleviate his suffering by putting him under various trances. He then remains between the world of the living and the dead. In a trance, Valdemar begs Carmichael to release his soul so he can die but Carmichael cruelly refuses. Months pass and Valdemar\'s putrifying body remains in his bed under the complete control of Carmichael. The hypnotist tries to force Valdemar\'s wife Helene  to marry him. When she refuses, he attacks her. Valdemar\'s putrid body rises from the bed and kills Carmichael. Helene is rescued by Valdemar\'s physician  and carried from the scene of horror.'] ["The movie tells of bigoted police detective  Joe Carlson, whose homophobia leads him to try to frame high school basketball player Billy Lynch  for the murder of a television repairman when he becomes convinced that the killing was the result of a homosexual love triangle. Unbeknownst to the detective, Billy's aunt Cheryl  is the real killer; having harbored incestuous fantasies towards Billy for years, his impending graduation has caused long dormant homicidal urges to resurface. Joe's continued plaguing of Billy causes Cheryl to become progressively more unstable, ultimately jeopardizing the lives of everyone around her."] ["{{Anchor}} Loosely based on the video game of the same name, the film centers on the character of Rayne, an unholy breed of human and vampire called a Dhampir. Dhampir are unaffected by crucifixes and do not thirst for human blood. She is the daughter of the Vampire King Kagan who has gathered an army of thralls, both vampire and human, in order to annihilate the human race. She was conceived when Kagan raped her mother, and she later witnessed him killing her. Sebastian, Vladimir, and Katarin are three members of the Brimstone Society, who fight vampires. They hear of a carnival freak who may be a Dhampir, so Vladimir plans to recruit her in order to kill Kagan. Kagan is also hunting for her, fearing she will interfere with his plans. Rayne escapes captivity at the carnival. On the road, she encounters and saves a family being attacked by vampires. A fortune teller reveals to Rayne that Kagan has become the most powerful vampire in the land and resides in a well-protected castle. She tells Rayne that Kagan seeks an ancient talisman, a mystical eye, and if she finds it, it would allow her to gain an audience with Kagan. Rayne sets out to the monastery to find it. Rayne shelters for the night at the monastery and later sneaks away to where the talisman is guarded by a hammer-wielding, deformed monk. The talisman is further protected by booby traps, and when Rayne lifts it from its pedestal, the chamber floods with holy water. As Rayne hangs from the ceiling to avoid the water, the talisman falls from the box but she catches the eye ball. Examining it closely, the eye magically becomes absorbed into her own eye, and when she falls into the water she is somehow unaffected by it. When she leaves the chamber, the monks explain the artifact is one of three body parts which came from an ancient vampire called Belial, who had found a way to overcome the weaknesses of a vampire. The eye overcomes holy water; the rib overcomes the cross; and the heart overcomes sunlight. The parts have been hidden across the lands. As Kagan wants all these parts, it becomes the heroes' mission to stop him. Rayne is brought to the headquarters of the Brimstone society and they agree to work together to kill Kagan. Katarin does not trust Rayne and betrays Brimstone to her father, Elrich, who has fallen in league with Kagan, but seeks to betray him and gain power for himself. The location of the heart talisman is known to Katarin as her grandfather hid it in water-filled caves. She seeks it out but Rayne fights and kills her for it. With the talisman, Rayne attempts to gain an audience before Kagan, but he takes the heart and throws her in the dungeon. He plans to extract the eye as part of a ritual. He realizes too late Rayne had only given him an empty box and not the heart. Sebastian and Vladmir intervene, battling Kagan and his minions, but both are fatally wounded, leaving Rayne in a final battle against Kagan. As Sebastian dies he fires a final bolt from his crossbow, but Kagan is too quick and is able to catch it. Rayne is able to summon her last reserves of strength and plunge the bolt into his heart. The battle ends. Rayne seats herself in Kagan's throne."] ['In the year 1535, an alchemist in Vera Cruz developed a mechanism that could give eternal life. In 1937, an old building has collapsed and an alchemist with marble white skin is killed when his heart is pierced by the debris. Investigators never revealed what else was discovered in the building: basins filled with blood from a corpse. In the present, an old antique dealer, Jesús Gris , notices that the base of an archangel statue is hollow. He opens it and finds a 450-year-old mechanical device in the base. After winding the ornate, golden, scarab-shaped device, it suddenly unfurls spider-like legs that grip him tightly, and it inserts a needle into his skin which injects him with an unidentified solution. A living insect — entombed within the device and meshed with the internal clockwork — produces the solution. However, Gris is unaware of this detail until later. Eventually, he discovers that his health and vigor are returning in abundance, as is his youth. His skin loses its wrinkles, his hair thickens and his sexual appetite increases. He also develops a thirst for blood. This at first disgusts him, but he eventually succumbs to the temptation. Meanwhile, a rich, dying businessman, Dieter de la Guardia , who has been amassing information about the device for many years, has been searching for the archangel statue with the cronos device. He has appropriated several archangels already. He sends his thuggish nephew, Angel , to purchase the archangel at the antique shop. During a party, Gris sees blood on a men\'s-room floor and decides to lick it. Angel then finds Gris and tries to beat him into giving up the device. When Gris faints, Angel places his body inside a car and pushes it off a cliff. Gris dies but later revives and escapes from an undertaker\'s establishment before he can be cremated. He later reads the program for his funeral and opens his mouth which had been sewn shut. He returns to his home where his granddaughter, Aurora, lets him in. He works on a letter to his wife where he comments on the changes that his body has made and tells her that after completing some \'unfinished business\' he will return to her. He notices that his skin burns in the presence of sunlight and sleeps in a box to avoid it. Eventually, he and Aurora bring the device to Dieter\'s business headquarters, where the businessman offers him a "way out" in exchange for the device. Gris comments on his damaged skin and the businessman tells him to peel it off because he has new skin underneath, which is marble white like the dead alchemist. Jesús agrees to hand it over in exchange for knowing the "way out", whereupon Dieter stabs him. Before being able to strike the killing blow to the chest, Dieter is incapacitated by Aurora. The mortally wounded Dieter is found and killed by his nephew, Angel, who is tired of waiting for his inheritance. Angel confronts Jesús on the rooftop of the building and beats him severely. Jesús throws them both off the roof, killing Angel. Upon awakening, Jesús destroys the device and returns home, greatly weakened. Jesús, now with marble white skin, lies dying in bed. Aurora and his wife are by his side.'] ['The film opens with a few words by Mary Shelley: :I busied myself to think of a story, which would speak to the mysterious fears. heare you are, said Mary Shelly of our nature and awaken thrilling horror. One to make the reader dread to look around, to curdle the blood, and quicken the beatings of the heart. The film begins in the year 1794. Captain Robert Walton  leads a daring expedition to reach the North Pole. While their ship is trapped in the ice of the Arctic Sea, Walton and his men discover a man traveling across the Arctic on his own. In the distance, a loud moaning can be heard. When the man sees how obsessed Walton is with reaching the North Pole he asks, "Do you share my madness?" The man then reveals that his name is Victor Frankenstein  and begins his tale. The film flashes back to Victor\'s childhood in Geneva as the son of the wealthy Baron and Caroline Frankenstein . At one point in his childhood Victor\'s parents adopted Elizabeth , who would become the love of Victor\'s life. Years later Victor\'s mother dies giving birth to his brother William. Sometime before going off to the university at Ingolstadt, a grief-stricken Victor vows on his mother\'s grave that he will find a way to conquer death. On the night of his graduation Victor and Elizabeth promised to wed when Victor returns from his studies. At university, Victor\'s previous studies with the works of alchemists such as Paracelsus, Albertus Magnus, and Cornelius Agrippa make him unpopular with certain professors. However he finds a friend in Henry Clerval  and a mentor in Professor Waldman . Victor comes to believe that the only way to cheat death is to create life. At this point Professor Waldman tells Victor not to follow through with his theory; he tested it once, but he ended his experiments because they resulted in an "abomination." While performing vaccinations, Professor Waldman is murdered by a patient who thinks the doctors are trying to poison him. After Waldman was buried, Victor breaks into Waldman\'s laboratory, takes Waldman\'s notes on the experiments, and starts using them to work on his own creation. Victor spends months in his apartment working on creating a living, breathing creature. Using dead body parts from various sources, including Waldman\'s own brain & the body of the murderer, he begins piecing a creature together. Victor is so obsessed with his work that not even a cholera outbreak tears him from it. Late one night, Victor finally gives his creation life, but he recoils from it in horror and renounces his experiments. That night, the creature  escapes Victor\'s apartment, running off to the wilderness. He spends months hiding in the woods, living in an unwitting family\'s barn. As time progresses, the creature learns to read and speak. Eventually the creature tries to win the family\'s love, but his efforts are in vain. Through the journal the creature finds in the coat that he took from Victor\'s apartment he learns of the circumstances of his creation and that Victor Frankenstein is responsible. He then burns down the family\'s abandoned cottage and heads to Geneva, vowing revenge on his creator. Victor, who believes his creation destroyed, returns to Geneva with the intent of marrying Elizabeth. He finds there that his little brother William  has been murdered. Justine Moritz , a servant of the Frankenstein household, is framed for the crime and hanged. That night Victor is approached by his creation, who tells him to meet him on the mountain. Realizing that the creature murdered his brother, Victor goes with the intent of destroying his creation, but is no match for his enhanced speed and strength. Rather than killing his creator, the creature insists that Victor make a bride for him. If he does this, then he promises to quit humanity forever with Victor never having to see him again. To ensure the safety of the rest of his family, Victor begins gathering the tools he used to create life, but when the creature insists he use Justine\'s body to make the bride, Victor breaks his promise. Enraged, the creature once more vows revenge, saying, "If you deny me my wedding night, I will be with you on yours!" Victor and Elizabeth are married. En route to their honeymoon, Victor and Elizabeth are flanked by body guards. Meanwhile Victor\'s father dies while the creature watches over him. That night Victor takes every precaution to defend his new family, but the creature finds them anyway and gains access to Elizabeth\'s room. He uses his hand to prevent her crying out, then despite her pleas he kills her by ripping out her heart as Victor searches the house, just before Victor comes back to find the monster holding Elizabeth\'s heart saying, "I keep my promises!" He tosses Elizabeth\'s body off the bed; her head slams into a nearby table, and her hair is set aflame by candles there. The creature flees out the window amidst gunfire. Victor frantically extinguishes the fire. Victor races home to bring Elizabeth back to life. Repulsed by what he intends to do, Henry tries to stop him. Victor argues that his father would have done the same for his mother. After Henry tells him that Baron Frankenstein is dead, Victor believes there is nothing left to lose. "Nothing but your soul," Henry replies. Once he stitches Elizabeth back together using parts from Justine, Elizabeth awakes. Victor has a short lived joy having her come back to life. The monster arrives and is expecting his repayment. Victor and the monster then fight for her affections, but are cut short by Elizabeth realizing her hideous form and burning the mansion to the ground. The story returns to the Arctic Circle. Victor tells Walton that he has been pursuing his creation for months with the intent of killing him. Soon after relating his story, Victor succumbs to pneumonia and dies. After a word with his crew, Walton hears a noise coming from the room he left Frankenstein\'s body in. There they find the creature weeping over his creator\'s dead body. They take Frankenstein\'s body and prepare a funeral pyre for him. The ceremony is interrupted when the ice around the ship begins to crack. The creature takes the torch and finishes the ceremony, burning himself alive with his creator\'s body. Walton, having seen the result of Frankenstein\'s obsession, puts his own aside and orders the ship to return home.'] ["Handsome young artist Quentin Collins arrives at his newly-inherited estate of Collinwood with his beautiful wife Tracy. They meet the housekeeper, Carlotta Drake, and the caretaker, Gerard Stiles. The Collins' friends, Alex and Claire Jenkins, who are both novelists, move into a cottage on the estate. Quentin soon begins to be troubled by startling visions and haunting dreams about one of his ancestors, Charles Collins, and his ancestor's mistress Angelique, who had been hanged as a witch in a past century. Carlotta eventually reveals to Quentin that she is the reincarnation of Sarah Castle, a little girl who had lived at Collinwood over 150 years ago, and that Quentin himself is the reincarnation of Charles Collins. Charles had had an affair with Angelique, wife of his brother Gabriel, resulting in her being hanged and Charles being sealed alive in the family crypt with Angelique's corpse. On a trip to New York, the Jenkins discover a painting of Charles Collins, which bears an uncanny resemblance to Quentin. Convinced that their friends are in grave danger, the couple hurry home to Collinwood. They are attacked by the ghost of Angelique. Meanwhile, Quentin has become possessed by the spirit of Charles Collins and attempts to drown Tracy in a disused swimming pool on the estate. Alex and Claire arrive in time to revive her, but Quentin, having no memory of his actions, refuses to believe their wild tale. Carlotta and Gerard conspire to eliminate Quentin's loved ones. Quentin, seeing the scratches on his wrist where Tracy had tried to fend him off, realizes the truth of Alex's warning and rushes to rescue his friends. Gerard has managed to take Tracy prisoner , and Quentin fights with him high atop a train trestle. Quentin defeats Gerard, who plunges to his death. The group rush to confront Carlotta, but she jumps from the top of Collinwood when the ghostly Angelique beckons her from below. In the end, Quentin and Tracy are about to leave Collinwood when Quentin goes back inside the house. Tracy follows to find him now completely possessed by Charles Collins, and Angelique reborn in the flesh. The camera freezes on Quentin's face as he advances menacingly toward Tracy. A newspaper caption at the end reveals that Alex and Claire Jenkins have been killed in a car accident."] 