["It is 1982 and Lizzie Borden High School is host to the tenth-year reunion of the class of 1972. Their fun is murderously interrupted by the psychotic Walter Baylor who bears a grudge against his former classmates for a prank committed against him ten years ago. The motley crew of '72 set out to uncover who amongst them is committing the killings."] ['Set in any-college U.S.A., centering on Jake, an embittered ex-high school American football star who is coerced into pledging the "coolest" fraternity on campus. Jake does so in order to protect Gil, his somewhat nerdy, but Greek-obsessed cousin. As the semester progresses, Jake struggles to maintain his grades as well as his affair with Paige, a beautiful sophomore who hates all fraternities. Through naked scavenger hunts, sorority ass-signings, all-night beer fests, keg parties, sorority swapping, and other creative pledge activities, Jake discovers that he\'s actually beginning to enjoy himself. But when some of the frat brothers step up their attempts to force Gil into quitting the house, both his scholarship and his relationship with Paige are threatened. Jake must swallow his pride and turn to his fellow pledges for help into seeing the big-hearted Gil through to the end, or risk losing everything. Jake quickly learns that no man is an island, and that the friends we make in college are friends for life.'] ["The film opens with a parody of The Exorcist, during which teenager Megan Voorhees  becomes possessed by the spirit of Hugh Kane, the previous owner of the House. Two priests, Father McFeely  and Father Harris  attempt to drive Hugh's ghost out, but the exorcism does not go as planned, resulting in a chain of vomiting and various instances of near-pedophilia. Finally, McFeely responds to an insult towards his mother by shooting Megan. One year later, Cindy Campbell , Brenda Meeks , Ray Wilkins , and Shorty Meeks  are at college, trying to live new lives following the events of the previous film . Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a socially maladjusted girl, Alex . Ray, still confused about his sexuality, has two new male friends, Tommy  and Buddy . Shorty is still the same stoner he was before. A lecherous teacher, Professor Oldman  and his paraplegic assistant, Dwight Hartman , plan to study the paranormal activity at a local haunted mansion called Hell House using the clueless teens. Meanwhile, Buddy's advances are spurned by Cindy, who is recovering from her previous relationship. Leading to a scene in which Buddy gives Cindy a wedgie. When Cindy is the first to arrive at Hell House, she encounters a vulgar parrot , and the caretaker, Hanson , who has a malformed hand. Before coming to Hell House, she was in her car listening to Vitamin C's Graduation  and she sings along. Annoyed by Cindy's terrible singing, Vitamin C's voice curses at her and tells her to let her sing. Cindy shuts up and Vitamin C continues singing. Later that evening, the group, including sexy newcomer Theo , sit down for dinner. Unfortunately, everybody loses their appetite due to Hanson's repulsive antics. In the night, Cindy hears voices directing her to a secret room, where she and Buddy discover a treasure chest containing the diary of the wife of the house's dead owner, Hugh Kane. They also find an old portrait of the wife and note Cindy's resemblance to her—Buddy also points out several flaws in Cindy's appearance. Meanwhile, many of the teens fall victim to violent attacks. Cindy gets involved in a fist fight with the house cat, Mr. Kittles. A toy clown attempts to kill Ray — but thanks to some quick thinking, Ray perversely turns the tables and rapes the clown. A weed-monster turns Shorty into a joint and tries to smoke him — fortunately, the plant gets distracted by munchies and lets him escape. The ghost of Hugh Kane  has sex with Alex in her bedroom, yet departs in the morning when Alex expresses her interest in becoming the new Mrs. Kane. Oldman is seduced and killed the disfigured ghost of the murdered mistress. Shorty later encounters the same ghost, yet he seduces her instead. After Dwight equips the teens with weapons that can injure their spectral enemy, they are pursued throughout the mansion. Buddy and Cindy get locked in the refrigerator. Thinking that Buddy is dying from an encounter with the ghost, Cindy gives him a handjob. The couple then escape the room following a convoluted deus ex machina, in which Cindy uses a collection of random objects in the room to somehow produce a Caterpillar tractor, which she drives through the wall. Hanson himself gets possessed by Kane. Cindy, Brenda, and Theo team up to fight him in a parody of Charlie's Angels, but wind up defeated. Eventually, Dwight and the teens regroup, and agree to use Cindy as bait to lure Kane into a device that will destroy him. The plan succeeds, freeing the group from the house's curse. Two months later, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship and go out for a walk. However, Buddy disappears without notice when Cindy discovers Hanson at the hot dog stand. As Cindy backs away in fear, Hanson pursues her — and gets struck by a car driven by Shorty, distracted by a blowjob from the ghost of the mistress."] ['An 18-year-old girl named Drew Decker  receives a threatening phone call while home alone one night. In an opening which closely mirrors Scream, Drew is chased outside by Ghostface, who then rips off her sweater and skirt, leaving her clothed in her white bra and thong. Drew runs through her garden sprinklers but she is then stabbed in the breast by Ghostface, removing one of her silicone breast implants, hit by a car driven by her father , and then killed by Ghostface. The next day, Cindy Campbell , meets up with her boyfriend Bobby Prinze  and her friends, Brenda Meeks , Ray Wilkins , Greg Phillipe , and Buffy Gilmore . Various news teams - including hack reporter Gail Hailstorm  - converge on the school in the wake of Drew\'s brutal death. Gail hooks up with Buffy\'s mentally disabled brother Doofy ([[Dave Sheridan , hoping to milk the facts out of him. One day, while Cindy is in class, someone mysteriously leaves a note saying I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST HALLOWEEN. Cindy then realizes that Drew\'s murder occurred exactly one year after she and her friends accidentally killed a man during a wild car ride . Unwilling to face incarceration, the next day a series of increasingly bizarre events take place. Various members of the group receive threatening notes from Ghostface and are rapidly dispatched, but most remain steadfastly oblivious to the rising body count. The killer then attacks Cindy in her house. She tries to call the police but the killer escapes. Bobby arrives at her house but Ghostface  drops the knife and gloves which leads Cindy to thinking that Bobby is the killer the police arrest him . Greg is killed by Ghostface in plain view. Buffy tries to get help, but Buffy is at a beauty pageant and her talent was acting so they thought the cries were part of her act. Buffy, high on the success brought by the murder, becomes Ghostface\'s next victim. During the murder, Buffy thinks it\'s a game, so she does every cliche done by a white female in a horror film. Ghostface decapitates her . Later, Ghostface sticks his penis through Ray\'s head, seemingly killing him. Ghostface then attempts to dispose of Brenda during a showing of Shakespeare in Love, but the moviegoers, fed up with Brenda\'s constant loud interruptions during the movie, stab her repeatedly, seemingly killing her. Cindy throws a house party, hoping for safety in numbers. During the party, Bobby and Cindy go up stairs and have sex, no longer making Cindy a virgin. Ghostface unexpectedly appears and stabs Bobby, before disappearing quickly. Cindy gets a gun from a drawer near the entrance, Bobby follows and she tends to his wounds. Shorty , Brenda\'s stoner brother, comes up from the basement and informs them that the killer has murdered everybody in the house. Bobby takes the gun and shoots Shorty, revealing that his wound was an elaborate ruse. Ray then arrives on the scene - whereupon Bobby reveals to Cindy that he is now gay, and so is Ray - though Ray immediately denies it, despite his repeated homosexual advances and tendencies displayed throughout the movie. They announce their plan to kill her father and frame her sister. Bobby says he did it because Cindy never had sex with him and Bobby gleefully points out that even though their plan lacks sense it doesn\'t matter, since horror movies are not noted for their logic, they also say that are just copying the killer and are not the actual killers . Ray and Bobby also came up with a plan to make themselves look like heroes by giving each other stab wounds to indicate they fought her. But, Ray stabs Bobby repeatedly and nearly kills him revealing Ray\'s motive was because his favorite show The Wayans Bros.  had been cancelled. However, the real Ghostface abruptly turns up and stabs Ray, who collapses on top of Bobby in the Doggy style position. The killer then attacks Cindy, but she successfully subdues him by employing moves copied from The Matrix and kicks him through a window. Nonetheless, Ghostface vanishes before the police arrive. At the police station, Cindy and the local sheriff  realise that  Doofy - the only one who knew about the car accident - was actually faking his disability and is the true killer . Unfortunately, Doofy has already escaped with Gail Hailstorm. Upon finding his discarded disguise in the street, Cindy begins screaming "Noooooo" to the heavens - and gets run over by a car, presumably killing her  hence in reality the car crash only seriously injures  her. As the credits roll, Shorty - parodying the rules of a trilogy in Scream 3 - explains via videocassette that he may be in prison or deceased, but provides rules for surviving such a situation... which turn out to be instructions for surviving a snatch-and-run.'] ["The people of Harford Road are firmly divided into two camps; neuters, the puritanical residents who despise anything even remotely carnal, and the perverts, a group of sex addicts whose unique fetishes have all been brought to the fore by accidental concussions. Repressed Sylvia Stickles  finds herself firmly entrenched in the former camp until one day when, after leaving her promiscuous daughter Caprice  - nicknamed Ursula Udders because of her gargantuan breasts and penchant for indecent exposure - under house arrest 'for her own good', she is smacked on the head by a passing car and meets Ray-Ray Perkins , a local mechanic and self-styled 'sex saint' who opens her mind to a whole new world of sensual pleasure, as he and his followers search for the ultimate sex act. Eventually, through a series of bizarre head knockings, everyone in town becomes a sex addict, as Ray-Ray shoots semen out of his head, onto the camera."] ['Sewage workers Gordie Boggs  and Sean Dawkins  watch their favorite wrestler, WCW World Heavyweight Champion Jimmy King  cheated out of the title by Diamond Dallas Page , a corrupt WCW promoter named Titus Sinclair , and DDP\'s partners. After the match, the two wrestling fans humorously express their rage in their septic truck, resulting in a car crash. After this event, Gordie believes that the car crash was fate and that they should make Jimmy King once again World Champion. Sean agrees to help Gordie, and the dimwitted duo go on a quest to put their King back on his throne. The next day, Gordie asks a friend to find out where the washed-up wrestler lives. Their friend succeeds, and they go to an unexpected-looking neighborhood. They find King\'s estranged wife  and later his parents . The parents tell them that King borrowed their mobile home, and never returned it. The duo find King and become over-excited. They have a conversation, and when King says that he gives up on wrestling, Gordie and Sean anger him to the point where he suddenly attacks the two boys. The boys encourage King to beat them up, which influenced him to return to wrestling. Then Gordie and Sean are knocked out when Jimmy King does his finishing move. The two boys wake up the next day when Jimmy King drips beer on their faces. Later that day, the trio go on a road trip. Gordie sends letters to his father, who wanted Gordie to follow in his footsteps to be a policeman, but Gordie says that he will not join him in a policeman test, making him frustrated. Gordie, King, and Sean go to the WCW arena where they hide King in a porter potty and they meet one of the Nitro Girls, Sasha . When DDP mocks Jimmy King on camera, King comes out of the porter potty and beats him up. Sinclair, therefore, declares a Triple Cage match for the WCW World Heavyweight Championship plus a $1,000,000 cash prize. However, if King loses, he will never wrestle again. They take King to his wife\'s home. Sasha is impressed by Gordie, and they go to her apartment. Jimmy King is in deep need of a trainer. They go to a local training center, where King meets his former partner, Bill Goldberg. They also find Sal Bandini , who beats up King. He is then hired as their trainer, but he becomes hospitalized when Sid Vicious and Perry Saturn attack him that night. Gordie finds out that Sasha has been spying on them for Titus and breaks up with her. When they try to get a new partner for King, Gordie\'s father comes along, gets Gordie and convinces him that his dream of working with Jimmy King was stupid. When Gordie was at home, Sean and King tried to bust him out, but Gordie refused . But the next day, Gordie comes at an entourage audition and is thanked by King for everything Gordie did for him. No one, however, was able to make the cut, and so King has to face DDP alone. Initially King is alone, but after he gets a horrible beatdown by DDP and his goons starting with King\'s own son, Goldberg, Booker T, Billy Kidman, Disco Inferno come to his aid but aren\'t able to get into the cage until Gordie shows up and crashes a motorcycle through the cage door. Gordie and the others deal with DDP\'s posse and defeat them while King and DDP climb the cage to get the belt. Sasha tries to get back together with Gordie as the fans love him, but is knocked out by a ladder being swung around during the match after not listening to Sean\'s warning. DDP manages to throw King back to the mat, but is knocked back there himself by Sting. The two climb to the top again and fight it out and King manages to defeat DDP, throwing him through the cages to the mat, knocking him out. King retrieves the belt and is once again champion. After this, Sinclair is booed by the fans then beaten up by Sean and Gordie who toss him to the fans who beat him up some more. Goldberg later asks King to re-team with him, but the new champ announces his new partner will be Gordie and their manager will be Sean. Gordie\'s father watches the match on TV and after seeing how good Gordie is, accepts Gordie\'s choice and even cheers for him. The epilogue shows Sean telling kids "dreams can come true" back at the convenience store, where Gordie and Goldberg teach the clerk a lesson by hurling him out on the street for being mean to kids. All ends happily as the heroes ride off in a stretch Hummer , together with Sal, now fully recovered in a hot tub with beautiful women and ends it by saying "God bless America".'] ['Norbit Albert Rice  opens the film by narrating that he is an orphan as he is thrown out of a car by his parents, in front of the Golden Wonton orphanage and cuisine. Mr. Wong  finds him the next morning and takes him in, claiming that nobody will want "ugly black one". Norbit and his buddy partner, Kate Thomas  were the best of friends and even got \'married\' as children in the orphanage but one day, they got separated when Kate got adopted. As there was an odd number at the orphanage, Norbit was alone for a while. A while after, whilst being bullied by twins in elementary school, Norbit is saved by Rasputia Latimore , a fat, self-centered, overbearing, vain girl who takes an instant liking to Norbit and makes him her boyfriend. She protects him from other kids and makes him feel like he as a real family. As they both grow up, Rasputia becomes meaner, fatter and rougher, dominating every aspect of Norbit\'s life. They eventually got married, in part due to the pressure from Rasputia\'s three coarse, muscular brothers Big Black Jack , Blue , and Earl , who the whole town live in fear of . Rasputia and her brothers run the local construction company where Norbit works as a book keeper. They also run a \'security\' business which is popular with the local vendors. Throughout their life together, Rasputia mistreats, insults, and dominates Norbit to make sure that she keeps him all to herself, eventually starting to resent and cheat on him by having sex with her power tap dance instructor Buster Perkin , who only goes along with it so her brothers can fund his workout tape. Norbit is performing a puppet show for the kids at the orphanage which he lets all is anger out to Rasputia through the puppets, but then he sees Kate for the first time in years. Stunned by her, his affection for her returns. But then Norbit is disappointed to find out that Kate\'s now engaged to Deion Hughes , a sneaky, slick-talking businessman. Eventually, with help from Norbit\'s two ex-pimp friends Pope Sweet Jesus  and Lord Have Mercy  and the other townspeople, Kate falls in love with Norbit. Rasputia finds out about this while driving by the church and saw Kate and Norbit rehearsing the wedding. When Norbit tells her what he would say if he was saying vows to Kate, she kisses him, eventually running away since she is confused with her feelings. Later, Norbit discovers that the Latimore brothers have orchestrated a plot to purchase Kate and Norbit\'s former orphanage to open up a strip club; since Deion is to be married to Kate, he\'ll have possession of the property, and he gets a share of the money once the strip club opens. When Kate finds out about the deal, Deion convinces her that Norbit only used her to help the Latimores. When she confronts him after he\'s locked in the basement by a vengeful Rasputia, Norbit acts mean to Kate to save her from Rasputia  and says that last night, he was only trying to "score" with her. In a fit of rage, Kate leaves Norbit to go marry Deion instead. When the Latimores had left to go to the wedding, Norbit escapes from the basement, and races to the church on his bike  where Deion and Kate are to be married, chased by the Latimores and falls into a pond. He continues to the church, beating the Latimores. Norbit reveals that Deion has gotten rich off of divorce settlements and only marries women for their money. He proves this by presenting Deion\'s ex-wives and children in person. Deion flees and the Latimores, angered that their plans are now ruined forever, attack Norbit. Just as the brothers prepare to kill Norbit, they\'re stopped by the townspeople who have taken up arms to defend Norbit and get their revenge on the Latimores. In the ensuing battle, Rasputia fights her way through the crowd , but just when she\'s about to kill Norbit with the spade, Mr. Wong comes out and harpoons her in the butt. Rasputia and her brothers are then chased out of town by the mob, never to be seen or heard from again. Norbit and Kate buy the orphanage and get married under the tree where they got married as kids. Rasputia and her brothers escape to Mexico and open up the El Nipplopolis club, where Rasputia becomes their most popular and lucrative stripper.'] ['The storyline is reminiscent of the original Flash Gordon films, but with a generally campy flavor to it. The character names are innuendos, based on original characters from the serial, the hero Flesh Gordon ; his love interest Dale Ardor ; the evil Emperor Wang the Perverted ; Dr. Flexi Jerkoff ; Amora, Queen of Magic ; and a gay Robin Hood-like character called Prince Precious . Emperor Wang aims a "Sex Ray" at the Earth from his home world of Porno [Mongo]. The entire planet becomes hopelessly sexually obsessed and it is up to Gordon to stop the rays. The film uses nudity whenever possible, and the scenes are shot in a style nearly identical to the original Flash Gordon serials. As an example, their rocket lands on the planet Porno. A sauropod dinosaur with a glans-like head is observed. Flesh asks Dr. "J", "What\'s that"? "Must be some kind of penisaurus", Dr. "J" replies. A towering, demonic-looking creature, the Great God Porno , brought out of hibernation by Emperor Wang makes an appearance, muttering obscenities in a very velvety voice. The monster\'s fate is a major plot point.'] ['Larry is a big city health inspector with questionable practices and his own way of doing things. Larry\'s boss, Bart Tatlock , in an attempt to acquire information on his activities in order to get him fired, assigns Larry a new partner, Amy Butlin , a by-the-book professional who takes the job seriously. She tries to learn the ropes of health inspection while putting up with Larry and his personality as well as getting the information Tatlock needs to get Larry fired. As Larry and Amy do their job as city health inspection team, a serial criminal is poisoning four-star restaurants. Trying to avert a panic, and keep the matter of the poisonings under control, Tatlock puts his best people on the job, and not Larry. Larry and Amy are called in on one of the poisonings, but Tatlock forbids them from working on such an important case. Larry and Amy continue to inspect lower-profile restaurants, but the Mayor Maurice T. Gunn  is tricked into assigning Larry and Amy to the more important poison case, much to Larry and Amy\'s enthusiasm. Larry and Amy go undercover at one of the restaurants, and obtain a tape recording of a conversation between the Mayor Gunn and Chef Leon, in which the chef clarifies the Gunn\'s request that the food being prepared by Chef Leon be poisoned. Larry and Amy interrupt the mayor during an interview with their evidence, but the mayor explains that Chef Leon was reacting to the mayor\'s instruction to put French\'s mustard on the Gunn\'s chicken piccata, an act that the insulted Chef Leon viewed as a metaphorical act of "poisoning" to his life\'s work. When Larry speaks to Chef Leon over the phone, Chef Leon corroborates this interpretation. As a result, Tatlock fires Larry. Despondent, Larry visits his old friend Big Shug, but ends up alienating him as well. Heading over to his romantic interest, Jane\'s  house, Larry sees she and her mother  are enjoying a friendly social visit by the mayor. Feeling as if his life has hit rock bottom, Larry resolves to solve the poisoning crimes. He confronts Mayor Gunn, who reveals that Lilly Michelli , the owner of Micelli\'s restaurant, had him make sure that Larry was assigned to the poisonings case. Larry and Amy realize that Michelli did this so to ensure that case was investigated incompetently, as she is the one behind the poisonings. At a taping of the television cook-off show, Top Chef, Larry and Amy expose Michelli\'s culpability and arrest her, and are vindicated.'] ['Billy Madison , a 27-year-old heir to a wealthy father, has spent his entire life reaping the benefits of his family\'s hotel chain, Madison Hotels, a Fortune 500 company. He spends his days drinking with best friends, Jack  and Frank , and creating disasters across his father\'s estate. One day, Billy ruins a dinner meeting between his father, Brian , and his associates by behaving obnoxiously after being provoked by Eric Gordon , Brian\'s executive vice president who openly expresses his hatred towards Billy and secretly harbors hatred towards Brian as well and impatiently waits to become Brian\'s succsessor as head of Madison Hotels. This prompts Brian to lose any remaining faith in Billy, as he chooses the conniving Eric to become the next CEO of the company. When Billy, who also despises Eric, protests that he can be responsible, Brian reveals that he secretly bribed all of Billy\'s school teachers in order for him to pass. Billy begs his father to reconsider his decision. The two finally come to a compromise: Billy must pass elementary, middle, and high school  on his own within the course of twenty-four weeks , in order to prove his competence. Shortly after enrolling into school, Billy becomes attracted to a third grade teacher named Veronica Vaughn , who initially is disgusted with Billy and finds his enrollment to be a distraction for the other students. He eventually finds himself as one of Veronica\'s students and earns her respect by defending Ernie , his friend and classmate. Billy becomes popular among the third graders and begins to miss them as he advances through school. When Billy reaches ninth grade, he finds that rather than being the cool guy that everyone looks up to, he is now considered a loser; realizing how it feels to be on the receiving end of bullying, he calls up an old classmate, Danny McGrath , and apologizes for the way he treated him in high school. Danny accepts his apology, and crosses his name off a list of people to kill. Billy\'s progress frustrates and alarms Eric, leading him to take the offensive while Billy struggles in high school. He visits Billy\'s grade school principal, Max Anderson , and threatens to reveal his past as a professional wrestler that is filled with controversial incidents, especially a particular one back in 1983, when Max accidentally caused the death of another man while performing a stunt. Coerced, Max publicly states he took bribes from Billy in return for passing him. The announcement angers Brian who chooses to give the hotel chain to Eric. Billy becomes distraught and reverts to his original care-free lifestyle. Veronica and others come to Billy\'s aid, convincing him to keep fighting Eric. His grade school friends helps Billy\'s plight by visiting Max at his home and convincing him to retract his previous statements. With Billy\'s name cleared, Brian and Carl Alphonse , a loyal, long-time employee of Madison Hotels, argue to Eric that Billy deserves another chance, but Eric disagrees and finally shows his true colors by disrespecting Brian in front of the group and threatens to file a lawsuit. Billy challenges Eric to an academic decathlon that will determine his father\'s successor. Although both men excel in different activities, Billy manages to take a single-point lead before the contest\'s final event, a Jeopardy!-style academic test. Eric chooses "reflections of society in literature" as Billy\'s topic. Billy uses a book that was read to him in the first grade to answer the question, but the judge calls his answer "insanely idiotic" and gives Billy no points for his answer. With scores still the same, Eric is given the chance to answer and potentially win. However, Billy chooses a question for Eric about "business ethics", which ironically Eric knows nothing about and breaks down because he can\'t give an answer. Refusing to admit defeat, he brandishes a gun at Billy. Max, clad in his wrestling outfit, subdues Eric. The attack fails to keep Eric down and laughing maniacally, he makes a final attempt to get revenge on Billy by turning his gun on Veronica. Suddenly, Danny McGrath appears with a high-powered rifle and defeats Eric by firing a single shot into his buttocks. Danny and Billy share a quick wave, before he departs. At Billy\'s graduation, he announces that he is passing the hotel business down to Carl and will instead attend college with hopes of becoming a teacher. He and Veronica share a kiss and the film ends.'] ['Awkward and shy 16-year-old high-schooler Ted Stroehmann  lands a prom date with his dream girl Mary Jensen , only to have it cut short by a painful and embarrassing zipper accident. After the ordeal garners the attention of numerous members of the household and community, Ted is finally carted off to the hospital. He subsequently loses touch with Mary. Thirteen years later, Ted is still in love — maybe even obsessed — with Mary. On the advice of his best friend Dom, he hires sleazy private detective Pat Healy to track her down. Healy finds that she is an orthopedic surgeon living in Miami with her friend, Magda, but Healy falls in love with the irresistible Mary as well. Healy resorts to lying, cheating, stalking, and drugging Magda\'s dog to win Mary but is exposed by Mary\'s architect friend, Tucker, who is heavily reliant on crutches, and speaks with a posh English accent. Tucker, however, turns out to be a fraud himself, an able-bodied and entirely American pizza boy who is also in love with Mary. Tucker drives potential rivals away by slander, among them Brett Favre . Ted, aided by Dom, drives down to Florida and seems to have won Mary\'s love, until an anonymous letter exposes his being less than honest about his link to Healy. While Ted confronts Healy and Tucker, Mary is confronted by Dom, who turns out to be her former boyfriend Woogie, who "got weird on her" back in high school, setting up the original prom scenario. Having found out that Tucker also lied about Mary\'s former love interest, football player Brett Favre, Ted decides that Mary should be with Brett, as Brett was the only one who did not resort to deceit to win Mary. After reuniting Brett and Mary, Ted leaves tearfully but Mary chases after him, preferring him over Brett because she is a 49ers fan. The film concludes with the two engaging in a kiss while a guitarist  who narrates/sings along all the story is accidentally shot by Magda\'s boyfriend who was trying to shoot Ted so he could win over Mary.'] ['Darren Silverman, Wayne LeFessier, and J.D. McNugent best friends since fifth grade and Neil Diamond fans throughout, form a Neil Diamond tribute band called "Diamonds in the Rough". Darren meets a beautiful but domineering psychologist, Judith Fessbeggler, through a chance encounter in a local bar after a band gig. Unfortunately, six weeks into their relationship, Judith is still making Darren watch her change clothes, and though sleeping together is satisfying for her, Darren gets nothing but a sore jaw. Judith isolates Darren from his friends, demands that Darren quit the band, receive humiliating medical procedures, and attend relationship counseling under her care. Wayne and J.D. decide to save Silverman from her by attempting to bribe her, arm wrestle her, and shock her with faked photographs of Darren cheating, all to no avail. The friends, undaunted, try to reunite Darren with his "one and only", Sandy Perkus, when she returns to Seattle to take her final vows as a nun. When Darren and Judith announce their engagement, Wayne and J.D. kidnap Judith. When they visit Coach Norton in jail, his advice is that they should just kill her. Sandy\'s feelings for Darren are reawakened, but the pair\'s attempted date is ruined by Darren\'s preoccupation with Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent, but Darren snaps out of it and runs the 30 miles there to win her back. Chained to an engine block in J.D.\'s basement, Judith convinces J.D. he is gay. She knocks him unconscious to steal his keys and escape, only to be tranquilized with a dart gun by Wayne. Returned to the basement, Judith seduces Wayne into releasing one of her hands, so she escapes again. She runs to Darren\'s house in time to see him kiss Sandy, but shames him into confessing his engagement to Judith. Sandy, disheartened, returns to the convent again. Darren has Wayne and J.D. arrested. After escaping from jail with the help of Coach Norton, J.D. and Wayne rush to the convent on the brink of Sandy\'s final vows as a nun. They convince her that Darren still loves her. They then kidnap Neil Diamond to help Darren and Sandy reunite. At the wedding, Neil stalls the proceedings with song while Wayne and Judith beat each other up , Darren and Sandy reunite, and J.D. arrives holding Coach in his arms, and Coach asks him when will he get married and J.D. says he\'s gay and then Coach tells him that he is as well. On stage at the Neil Diamond concert that night, the priest weds Darren to Sandy, Wayne to Judith, and J.D. to Coach; the entire cast sings "Holly Holy".'] ['"Slammin" Cleon Salmon  is a former world heavyweight boxing champion who retired to open a sports-themed restaurant in Miami. His antics lead him to believe that he owes $20,000 to the head of the Japanese Yakuza. Needing to come up with the money in one night, he challenges the wait staff to sell more food than they have ever sold, with the top waiter receiving $10,000 in cash and the lowest waiter getting a "broken ribs sandwich" courtesy of the champ. Zany hijinks ensue as the staff try to one-up each other and win the prize while avoiding a beating. In the end, Cleon realizes that he only owed 20,000 Yen to the Japanese Yakuza  and shares the takings with the wait staff. But before he goes to give the Japanese Yakuza the money, he beats up Guy since he was the lowest selling waiter.'] ['Charlie Baileygates  is an 18-year veteran Rhode Island State Police trooper who has been taken advantage of by people throughout most of his life. Immediately after his marriage, his wife, Layla , cheats on him with a dwarf African-American limousine driver, named Shonté ([[Tony Cox , who, like Layla, is a member of the high IQ group Mensa. Although Charlie\'s friends try informing him of his wife\'s infidelity, he still denies the possibility. One year later, Layla abandons Charlie and runs off with Shonté; leaving Charlie to raise three biracial sons who are the products of Layla\'s adulterous affair with the limo driver. Charlie never sees his wife again. Charlie raises his illegitimate triplet sons using very vulgar language and spoiling them with sweets and unbalanced diets. Charlie\'s three sons become obese and foul-mouthed young adults, but they are also highly intelligent  and they treat Charlie much better than anyone else. His wife\'s affair and abandonment leaves Charlie so emotionally damaged that he lets himself be abused and taken advantage of by others. Despite his friendliness and his being a police officer, the townspeople reject Charlie\'s authority with open scorn. After many years of continuous abuse by the people around him, his anger builds up and Charlie develops a rude and violent split personality named Hank, caused by "advanced delusionary schizophrenia with involuntary narcissistic rage". As Hank, he goes around retaliating against anyone who has accosted him — and even harms those who really haven\'t. A psychiatrist prescribes a medicine to keep Hank suppressed. Believing that Charlie needs a vacation, his commanding officer , orders him to escort a woman named Irene Waters  from Rhode Island to Massena, New York, because she reportedly committed a hit-and-run. Irene insists the hit-and-run accusation was created by Dickie, Irene\'s mob-connected ex-boyfriend, and corrupt police officers in his employ. When some hit men arrive with a contract on Irene\'s life, Charlie agrees to help her escape, while a United States Environmental Protection Agency  agent is killed by the hit men. Charlie leaves his medicine behind, causing his alter ego, Hank, to surface any time he wants. The FBI suspects that Charlie is responsible for assassinating the EPA agent. The FBI joins Charlie\'s commander in pursuing Charlie and Irene. Charlie\'s sons pretend to work with the police to find their father, but throw the police off his trail and even steal a police helicopter to get to Charlie before the police do. Along the way, Irene and Charlie grow close. However, Hank\'s random appearances both disgust and frighten Irene. Hank\'s aggression and resourcefulness aid in their survival, but Irene finds herself attracted to Charlie. Hank tells Irene the truth about Charlie\'s life, and how years of humiliation have destroyed Charlie\'s confidence as a man and a police officer. Hank has plastic surgery performed on Charlie\'s face, and uses hours of careful cunning to trick Irene into sleeping with him by posing as the good-natured Charlie. They meet a mild-mannered but mysterious young man named Whitey . They continue their journey as a trio, until Whitey calmly tells Charlie the story of how he brutally murdered his entire family. Charlie and Irene, frightened by this, sneak away in the night. Meanwhile, Dickie orders corrupt agents to kill both Charlie and Irene. After they fail, Dickie decides to settle the matter himself. During the confrontation with Dickie, Charlie finally manages to eliminate the alternate personality and regain the courage to rescue Irene. Eventually, he manages to stop Dickie, but only after Dickie shoots off one of Charlie\'s thumbs. Charlie is also aided in the fight by Whitey, who reappears to throw a lawn dart into Dickie\'s back; killing him. Charlie thanks Whitey for saving his life, and apologizes for making him kill again, but Whitney then explains that he made up the story in order to seem cool to Charlie, and that his family now lives in Arizona. With Hank gone, and Dickie\'s crew dead or behind bars, Irene is finally free to return to her old life. However, just after she drives away from Charlie\'s house, the Rhode Island State Police fakes an arrest on her and gives Charlie a chance to propose to her.'] ['The film opens with Shaquille O\'Neal and Dr. Phil waking up to find their ankles chained to pipes in a spoof of the first Saw movie. They have only two minutes to escape as their host, Billy the Puppet, reveals that the room is filling up with nerve gas. Phil realizes they have to cut through their own ankles, but accidentally saws off the wrong foot, inadvertently leaving both men to die, for their bones are seen later in the movie. In New York, Cindy Campbell  visits her former brother-in-law Tom Logan . Since the previous film, her husband George has died and her nephew Cody has been sent to military school, leaving her a broken and lonely woman. Tom, equally depressed despite being in a relationship with three girls, tries to commit suicide to both end his misery and end his irritation by Cindy\'s presence, by overdosing on sleeping pills. However, he mistakenly ingests Viagra, resulting in a painful death when he tumbles over the balustrade and lands on his absurdly erect penis. Distraught, Cindy accepts the job of caring for an incapacitated old lady, Mrs. Norris , who lives in a creepy and obviously haunted house which Tom had previously recommended her for. Meanwhile, Cindy\'s new neighbour, Tom Ryan , runs into George\'s old friends, Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart , who unintentionally reveal they had a homosexual one night stand since taking a trip to the mountains, much to Tom\'s disgust and CJ\'s embarrassment. Tom returns home, where his ex-wife Marilyn  has just arrived with his children, Robbie  and Rachel , both of whom resent their father. The next morning, Cindy confides with Tom, leading to a conversation about their past relationships. Cindy sadly remembers the tragic death of her husband George Logan  during the last match of her boxing career against dimwitted Tiffany Stone. When Stone turned around to pick up a nickel, Cindy tries to swing at her but misses and loses her balance. George notices that she is about to land on a stool, and he jumps in the way to save her but he accidentally kills himself which results in a chain reaction of multiple people breaking their necks and dying. As the two realize their love for each other and kiss, the sky suddenly experiences a freak storm. Afterwards, all the vehicles and motorbikes in the world lost all their power, even bikes, skateboards, put down pants and bombs won\'t move or work. Meanwhile, a gigantic object called triPod emerges from the ground to play "Karma Chameleon" – before switching to "Destroy Humanity", transforming into a mobile weapon that vaporizes people into dust and ashes. Cindy runs back home and encounters the house’s resident ghost, Toshio. The Japanese boy reveals that the answer to the invasion lies in his father’s identity. Tom chooses to part ways with Cindy and flees with his children to an undisclosed location. While visiting Edna R. Penhall Elementary School, President Baxter Harris  receives news of the alien attack. Unfortunately, Harris is more interested by the reading of "My Pet Duck" and fails to respond appropriately. The situation only worsens when his aide explains that the duck dies, and the aide explains that the aliens are vaporizing people, which leads for the president to exclaim that all off these children\'s parents could be dead, which culminates in a violent riot by the children. On his way out the president asks his aide to remind him to sign the abortion bill. Later, at an emergency session of the United Nations, Harris follows a round of offensive jokes with the unveiling of a weapon designed to combat the aliens. Scientists have modified the heat ray into having the opposite effect of destroying bodies, leaving only clothes behind. The UN gets an unexpected and quite unwelcome demonstration when Harris unwittingly causes the ray to render everybody stark naked, beginning with himself. Cindy reunites with her old friend Brenda Meeks , now a local reporter despite having died in the previous film. Meanwhile, Mahalik and CJ are working as sewer inspectors, but when they get out of the sewer a horde of Zombie like people start to attack them, but they easily fight back and one of them is Malaik\'s grandma, he keep\'s telling her how much he loves her while beating her up at the same time and throwing her into the sewers at the end . Cindy and Brenda manage to find the last working car and follow the directions left by Toshio. Soon, they discover a mysterious village which resembles a pseudo-Amish community. Unfortunately, they are captured and taken into a court to have their fate decided by village leader Henry Hale . During the trial, Hale\'s blind daughter, Holly , stumbles into the courtroom thinking she\'s alone she strips and defecates loudly in front of everyone. To the consternation of the crowded courtroom, Hale rules that Cindy and Brenda may stay in the village, but never leave. In a nearby field strewn with red weed, Tom and his children still are driving the car while most people try to steal it, which succeeds after a man point\'s a gun to his head and they switch the wrong items. Later they run into a battle between the US military and the triPods. Robbie decides to join the fight, excited by the graphic violence. While Tom tries to dissuade him, Michael Jackson tries to persuade Rachel to come along – but Tom manages to stop her in time, leaving the singer to be repeatedly disintegrated until only his plastic nose remains. Tom and Rachel flee into a house guarded by the lunatic Oliver , but their respite is short-lived when father and daughter are captured by a triPod. Back in the village, Henry gets stabbed by the mentally challenged village idiot Ezekiel . A dying Henry explains to Cindy and Brenda that he is the father of Toshio, who was killed during the mass accident at Cindy’s boxing match. However, various events conspire against Henry revealing the full story, finally culminating in Cindy and Brenda being caught by the Command triPod. The main characters wake up in the same bathroom from the opening. Cindy and Brenda find themselves wearing "Venus Fly Traps" and Tom wearing an absurd device designed to shoot a pole up his behind. Then Billy appears on the TV and tells them Cindy has 60 seconds to retrieve the key. After much prompting, Cindy realises that she has to retrieve the key from behind her eye – which she does without trouble, since the key was behind a glass eye she got following a “bad bar fight in \'96”. Then both Rachel and Robbie come down from the ceiling, to be sliced into pieces unless Tom holds onto their rope, leaving him open to another, ultimately lethal torture device where his kids would be saved but he would suffer a terrible death. Moments before his imminent death, Cindy notices the toilet that has a heart drawn on it and discovers pictures of Billy with Henry\'s wife and Toshio. Realising that Billy was the boy\'s biological father and the entire invasion is revenge for his son’s death, Cindy pleads him to call off the invasion. After seeing how far Tom would go to save his children\'s lives at the cost of his own, Billy spares their lives and grudgingly apologizes for killing millions of people and allows them to depart from the bathroom. In an epilogue set nine months later, Brenda gives birth to the child of Billy\'s brother Zoltar, CJ and Mahalik resume their relationship, and President Harris is seen sleeping with a duck. James Earl Jones narrates mankind\'s victory through love – before being run over by a passing bus. Meanwhile, Tom appears on Oprah, crazy for attention. Ultimately, following various increasingly destructive antics: flipping, swinging, manically throwing Cindy off the stage with crazy love, breaking Oprah Winfrey\'s hands, hitting her with a chair and rushing towards the camera as the screen goes black.'] ['Danny Noonan  works as a caddy at the upscale Bushwood Country Club to raise enough money to go to college. Danny regularly caddies for Ty Webb , an exceptional golfer and the free-spirited playboy son of one of Bushwood\'s co-founders. Danny decides to gain favor with Judge Elihu Smails , the country club\'s stodgy co-founder and director of the Caddy Scholarship program, by caddying for him. Meanwhile, Bushwood\'s head greenskeeper  is pressured by Smails to deal with a potentially disastrous gopher infestation, and entrusts his dubiously qualified assistant Carl Spackler  with the task. When Smails is antagonized by the obnoxious nouveau riche Al Czervik  during a game, he throws a putter and accidentally injures a member of the club. Danny seizes the opportunity and takes responsibility for the incident, gaining Smails\' trust. Smails encourages him to apply for the Caddy Scholarship. At Bushwood\'s annual Fourth of July banquet, Danny and his girlfriend Maggie  work as servers. Danny becomes attracted to Smails\' sensuous niece, Lacey Underall . Maggie informs Danny of Lacey\'s promiscuous reputation, but this only encourages him. Danny wins the Caddy Day golf tournament and the scholarship. This earns Danny praise from the Judge, and an invitation to attend the Judge\'s boat christening. Lacey and Danny slip away from the ceremony for a tryst at the Judge\'s house, but are discovered by the Judge and his wife. Expecting to be fired or to have the scholarship revoked, Danny is surprised when the Judge only wants his promise that the incident with Lacey will remain secret. Unable to bear the continued presence of the uncouth Czervik at the club , Smails confronts him and announces that Czervik will never be granted membership. Czervik counters by announcing that he would never consider being a member, he is merely there to evaluate buying Bushwood and developing the land into condominiums. After a brief scuffle, Webb suggests they discuss a resolution over drinks. After Smails demands satisfaction, Czervik then proposes a team golf match with Smails and Dr. Beeper  against Czervik and Webb. Against club rules, they also agree to a $20,000 wager on the outcome of the match. The match is held the following day. Word spreads of the stakes involved and a crowd builds. Smails and Beeper are ahead at the end of the 9th hole. In response to Smails\' snide remarks, Czervik proposes to double the stakes. Smails happily agrees. Czervik\'s game, however, continues to spiral downward, so when a ricocheting ball strikes him, he feigns injury in hopes of having the contest declared a draw. Lou , the course official who is acting as an umpire, tells Czervik his team will forfeit unless they find a substitute. Webb chooses Danny. Smails threatens to revoke his scholarship, but Czervik promises Danny that he will make it "worth his while" if he wins. Danny eventually decides he\'d rather strike a blow at the uptight Smails than take the scholarship. At the final hole, the score is tied. Smails makes his putt, putting Smails and Beeper ahead by one shot. Danny must now sink his very long putt in one stroke. Czervik proposes to increase the stakes to $80,000, based only on Danny making the putt, which Smails accepts. Danny\'s putt reaches the very edge of the cup and stops, and Smails and Beeper begin celebrating. While the match has been going on, Carl\'s previous efforts to kill the gopher have failed, and he has now wired much of the course with plastic explosives in a final scorched earth tactic. As Danny\'s putt hangs on the edge of the cup, Carl pushes the detonator and explosions shake the whole course. The force of the explosions causes Danny\'s ball to drop, so Webb, Danny and Czervik win the $80,000. Smails refuses to pay, which Czervik has anticipated; he asks a couple of very large men from his entourage to "help the Judge find his checkbook." As Smails is chased around the course, Czervik leads another wild party attended by all of the onlookers at the match, inexplicably shouting, "We\'re all going to get laid!". The gopher emerges, unharmed by the explosives, and dances amid the smoldering ruins of the golf course.'] ["Sam  and Dave  after being fired from a fast food outlet and getting evicted are magically transported to Sam's uncle's island. Sam and Dave are asked to help save the island. The band Dread Zeppelin perform the film's theme song as credits roll at the end."] ['{{Plot}} Gigolos in Europe are being terrorized by a serial killer. In Malibu, Deuce Bigalow\'s wife Kate is dead from a shark attack, and Deuce is invited by his former pimp T.J. Hicks to Amsterdam where T.J. is currently pimping. Deuce goes, as he is suspected of complicity in some dolphin-related injuries in Malibu and to take his mind off of Kate. After T.J. shows Deuce his boat, or "float crib," the pair go to a coffee shop where they get high and bump into Heinz Hummer, a German gigolo. After leaving the coffee shop, Deuce finds Hummer dead in an alley, but thinks he is merely stoned and takes the dead gigolo to T.J.\'s float crib, until T.J. gets back and immediately realizes that Hummer is dead. T.J. who plans to dump the body, but skeptical of Hummer\'s reputation of being well-endowed, pauses to unzip his pants and examine his genitalia. Unfortunately he is caught by a tour boat and is subsequently labeled by the media as a gay gigolo killer. T.J. escapes, but Deuce is apprehended and taken to the police station where he is interviewed by Gaspar Voorsboch, a police inspector who wants to know of T.J.\'s whereabouts. Upon his release from the police station, Deuce finds T.J. at a restaurant and recalls that he saw the real killer walking away from Hummer\'s body. Deuce says it was a woman, so they both figure it was a she-john, a former client of the murdered gigolo. T.J. convinces Deuce to help find the real killer by becoming a gigolo again, visiting the former clients and "rooting" out the killer. They attend a meeting of the Royal Order Of European Man Whores , but fail to procure a list of the clients. Afterwards, they get the list from Antoine, the professional gigolo who appeared in the first film. Deuce and T.J. visit the first client on the list. While Deuce distracts the woman T.J. breaks into her residence and finds a brand of lipstick which might be the kind found on all the victims. After leaving, Deuce finds Gaspar on the street and shows him the lipstick. Gaspar throws the lipstick in the trash, but mentions that the lipstick found on the victims "is a very rare one: Lavender Love #66". As Gaspar enters the police station, his niece, Eva, approaches him and gives him his lunch. Eva slaps herself three times. Deuce helps her pick up the things she dropped, and Eva explains to Deuce that she has obsessive-compulsive disorder. Fish-enthusiast Deuce sees that she has a painting of a fish, so they go to the Amsterdam aquarium together. Later, Deuce continues to investigate different women from Antoine\'s book, including a woman named Svetlana who was born near Chernobyl and has a very active penis for a nose, a hunchbacked woman, a woman with a tracheotomy, and a woman with gigantic ears. While visiting Eva, Deuce is snooping around and finds evidence implicating Eva. Deuce then rushes to the police department and tells Gaspar that he thinks Eva is the man-whore killer. Gaspar is reluctant to believe this, and even drops many hints that he himself is the man-whore killer, but Deuce remains clueless. While Gaspar has told Eva that he is the man-whore killer, Deuce rides with Gaspar to the Man-Whore Awards Ceremony under the guise of protecting the man-whores there. However, to Gaspar\'s surprise, Eva is chasing them on a moped, and shouting at Deuce that Gaspar is the killer. Gaspar pulls a gun on Deuce and proceeds to tell him that, once, he was a man-whore hopeful. While Gaspar was observing a demonstration on how to perform a certain sex act, one of his classmates offered to let him use his penis-enlargement pump. When the demonstration ended, Gaspar was horrified to learn that the woman who was on the receiving end of the sex act was his fiancée. Gaspar became so angry that he continued to pump until his penis exploded. He blames man-whores for the loss of his fiancée and his penis, and plans to blow them all up at their awards ceremony. At the ceremony, Deuce evacuates the building and gets into a swordfight with Gaspar. Gaspar beats Deuce, but before he can detonate the bomb, the woman with a penis for a nose and the woman with the tracheotomy arrive at the stage and distract Gaspar. Deuce then knocks out Gaspar with a trophy, taking the bomb detonator from him. For his bravery, Deuce is given the Golden Boner award - an explicit statue - and the respect of his fellow man-whores. He shares a passionate kiss with Eva, and accidentally sets off the bomb when the statue\'s penis bumps the detonator button. Deuce and Eva then promptly leave the scene. The following day, Deuce and Eva come to pick up T.J., who has been released from jail, and tells them that he is entering a brand new prostitution market: gay man-whoring. They all walk off as the screen fades to black.'] ['Gilbert Noble ([[Chris Klein  takes a stray cat named "Ringo" to the animal pound where he works. Gilbert gets his haircut by a beautiful young hairdresser named Josephine "Jo" Wingfield ([[Heather Graham . As Jo cuts Gilbert\'s hair, she mentions that she lost a tail-less cat named Ringo a while ago, leading Gilbert to tell her that Ringo is at the pound. Immediately after this revelation, Jo accidentally cuts off a part of Gilbert\'s ear, and he is rushed to the hospital. To make up for the incident, Jo invites Gilbert to her house for lunch the next day, where Gilbert meets Jo\'s self-centered mother, Valdine , and stroke-suffering father, Walter . After lunch, Gilbert and Jo start dating, and fall in love. Gilbert and Jo eventually have sex for the first time. Just as Gilbert prepares to propose to Jo, he receives a call from a detective  who has been searching for Gilbert\'s long-lost mother. Apparently, the detective has come up with the news that Gilbert\'s mother is really Valdine Wingfield, which shocks everyone. Jo leaves the Wingfield home, and Gilbert stays there while the news spreads that they had sex as siblings. 16 months later, a surprise comes to the Wingfield doorstep in the form of a young man named Leon Pitofsky  who claims to be Valdine and Walter\'s son, and presents his birth certificate as proof. Valdine and Walter feel better for a few moments before angrily lashing out at Gilbert and forcing him to leave. Gilbert runs for his life and flees Indiana to tell Jo, who now lives in Oregon, the news. Valdine phones the police station in the county where Jo lives, and reports Gilbert as a sexual predator in order to stop Gilbert from telling Jo. She tells the police to keep the whole thing quiet, but the police prove to be just as corrupt as the criminals they capture and hang "Wanted" posters all over Gilbert\'s destination town, depicting Gilbert as a "sexual predator". On his way to the town, Gilbert hits a legless middle-aged African-American named Dig McCaffrey . After stopping to help Dig, Gilbert offers Dig a ride. When they part, Dig tells Gilbert that he is one eighth Chippewa, , and that Gilbert saved his life, and therefore Dig is in debt to Gilbert. He offers Gilbert directions and hands him a business card should he ever need him. Gilbert is soon spotted by people who saw the posters, and is immediately shunned by the society as a "pervert". Meanwhile, Josephine becomes engaged to Jack Mitchelson , a rich and powerful young man who secretly deals in cocaine and marijuana, and controls over half the county by paying off numerous politicians. Valdine keeps on pushing Josephine to marry Jack, although Josephine still loves Gilbert. Gilbert tries to hide from the authorities, and Dig frequently aids him in his escape from muggers and killers. Ultimately, after many escapades with fellow patient, Mr. Campisi , Gilbert manages to find Leon, Valdine\'s real son. To win Josephine back, Gilbert and Dig make a plan to change Josephine\'s mind before the impending wedding. The plan backfires when Leon gets away from Dig. Gilbert finds himself with his hand inside a cow\'s rectum, and Josephine sees him. In another attempt, he displays a sign with the message "JO! I\'M NOT YOUR BROTHER! MARRY ME!" across the sky from a plane before Gilbert is arrested and sent to an asylum—after the word "NOT" is ripped off by a nearby tree as they take off in Dig\'s plane. Ultimately, Gilbert is not able to stop Josephine from marrying Mitchelson. Police arrive at the marriage scene to inform that Gilbert died in car accident, which was actually an act of sabotage by Leon. But unknown to everyone, Gilbert was not driving the car at the time of the accident. One of Mitchelson\'s goons had taken the car from Gilbert and the ashes are his. Walter makes a good recovery and reveals to Josephine that Valdine conspired to destroy their relationship and force Josephine into marrying Mitchelson. Also, the news that Valdine is Gilbert\'s mother was fed to the detective by Mitchelson. Josephine defies Valdine for the first time which proves to be too much for Valdine to handle, and Valdine has a stroke and falls unconscious while attacking Leon, who also participated in interrupting the wedding. Thinking that Gilbert is dead, Josephine goes back to the roof of the animal shelter where they used to hang out to disperse Gilbert\'s ashes and to give him the one gun salute that Gilbert used to give dogs who were about to be put to sleep. Gilbert, who has just begun working at his old job, sees her and mistakenly believes that she wants to commit suicide. They are finally reunited on the roof of the same animal shelter which was a catalyst for their coming together. A few months later, Gilbert and Josephine are married, and Walter, Valdine, Leon, Dig and many other people attend, with Walter on his feet and Valdine in a wheelchair after her stroke. Also, as a surprise wedding present, Gilbert\'s mother agent turns up and tells Gilbert that he has truly found his mother. In an ironic twist, Gilbert\'s mother turns out to be Suzanne Somers, a famous actress/sex symbol about whom Gilbert used to fantasize while masturbating. ; Alternative ending The DVD includes an extended ending where, after Gilly discovers his mother\'s identity, we cut to him and Jo on the roof to his vet office - Gilly got his vet - and he says that there is are only lonely people, then they kiss and live happily ever after.'] ['Taj Badalandabad , the personal assistant to the legendary Van Wilder, has just graduated Coolidge College and is now on his way to England\'s Camford University. Taj plans to follow in the footsteps of his father- not only by obtaining a degree, but also to become a member of an exclusive campus Fraternal Guild, the Fox and Hounds, where Taj hopes he will become the next generation of Badalandabads to be deservedly nicknamed the "Sultan of Snatch." However, when Taj arrives at Camford , he is told by Pip Everett, the Earl of Grey , the stuffy head of the Fox and Hounds, that there had been a mistake and he has actually not been accepted into the Fraternal Guild. Devastated, Taj, with his faithful bulldog Ballzac in tow, instead takes the only housing opening available on campus and becomes the "Head of House" for a group of student misfits - Sadie , a gorgeous Cockney girl with a mouth like a gutter, Seamus, an English-hating Irishman, Gethin, the ultimate nerd, and Simon, a goofy-looking kid who rarely talks. Stuck with a band of misfits, Taj considers what Van Wilder would do in the same dismal situation, and in classic "Van" fashion he decides to take on the challenge and turn the house around. At the campus Society Inaugural Ball, Taj announces to the uptight crowd that he and his new mates are starting their own exclusive society - the Cock and Bulls. In addition, the Cock and Bulls declare that are going to compete in the venerable Hastings Cup - an ongoing series of campus academic events and athletic competitions. Also, as part of his duties, Taj finds out that he will be a history teacher to his new mates and that his teaching supervisor will be Charlotte Higginson , an English beauty, who just happens to be dating Pip Everett. Taj is instantly smitten with Charlotte. Charlotte instantly is not smitten in return. Taj and Charlotte clash over Taj\'s less conventional traditional teaching methods until Charlotte points out that his new mates are in danger of flunking out of school because their grades are so low. Taj takes Charlotte\'s challenge to heart and starts turning the mates around - their grades as well as their self-esteem. Meanwhile, much to the chagrin of Pip Everett, not only are the Cock and Bulls catching up to the Fox and Hounds in the Hastings Cup, but Taj and Charlotte are spending a lot of time together. Pip sets out to get rid of Taj by attempting to humiliate him at the Royal Literary Ball and then sabotaging Ballzac at the Camford Dog Show, but both cases backfire and Pip ends up the one embarrassed. Much to Pip\'s horror, Taj and Charlotte are clearly falling in love and the Cock and Bulls are moving into a close second behind the Fox and Hounds. Pip decides to set up Taj and the Cock and Bulls by planting stolen test exams in their house. The plan works temporarily, and the mates are about to get expelled until Taj steps up and takes the blame for the theft - on the condition that his friends are allowed to stay in school. The school Provost agrees to the terms, and Taj has to leave Camford. Heart-broken, Charlotte tells Taj she never wants to see him again. The mates are now left to compete in the final event of the Hastings Cup without their fearless leader. But when Charlotte finds evidence that proves Taj\'s innocence, she and Taj rush to the Hastings Cup, just in time for Taj to compete against Pip in the final event - fencing. A humiliated and furious Pip makes sure that the fencing match degenerates into an all out sword fight, but in the end, Taj defeats Pip and the mates win the Hastings Cup. Pip gets expelled for planting the exams and Taj and Charlotte get to live happily ever after.'] ['Deuce Bigalow , a diminutive fishtank cleaner , is fired for cleaning the tank at a public aquarium in the nude. Deuce has no success in attracting women, so he tries to stay busy with work. On a house call, he meets a Russian male prostitute Antoine Laconte . Antoine is going on a business trip, and he asks Deuce to care for his lionfish and his home while he is away. Deuce accidentally sets Antoine\'s kitchen on fire when trying to make a grilled cheese sandwich in the toaster, and smashes an expensive fish tank. Fearing Antoine will kill him, Deuce is forced to find a way to pay for the damage. Low-rent pimp T.J. Hicks  offers to help Deuce make enough money to buy a new fish tank, and convinces Deuce to take over the absent Antoine\'s role as a gigolo. Deuce decides to make the clients feel better about themselves, since he only desires to have sex with beautiful, sexy women. Deuce meets unusual clients but he still manages to get along with them, despite there being no sex involved, by doing something that has never happened with them before. These clients include: *a woman who is severely narcoleptic. Rather than having sex, Deuce just literally sleeps in bed with her. *one woman who has Tourettes Syndrome with coprolalia, and therefore is afraid of socializing. Deuce decides to take her to a baseball game, where her sporadic outbursts of profanity are likely to fit in with the crowd\'s yelling. After a few outbursts, the crowd starts cheering with her. *an obese woman weighing close to 750 pounds. Deuce averts the woman\'s advances, leaving her somewhat emotionally disarmed to the point of revealing her insecurities with her appearance. Deuce quickly comes up with an alternative form of "play", and the scene changes to Deuce and the woman sitting on her sofa playing a food-themed trivia game. *another woman has a pituitary gland disorder and is extremely tall, so tall in fact that her face is always out of frame . As Deuce walks down a sidewalk with the woman, various unseen bystanders yell insults at her, such as "Freak!" and, "That\'s a huge bitch!" the latter insult becoming one of the most memorable lines from the movie . Deuce\'s list of clients gradually increases, with each client being satisfied by much more fulfilling measures  due to Deuce\'s evasion of sex with them. However, Deuce falls in love with one of his clients, Kate , who has a prosthetic leg. She later breaks up with Deuce when she finds out that he was a prostitute hired by her friends. Meanwhile, Deuce is pursued by Detective Chuck Fowler ([[William Forsythe , who demands Antoine\'s "black book" of clients and threatens to take Deuce to jail if he does not comply. Deuce eventually helps Detective Fowler please his wife by stripping and erotically dancing for her, and the two make peace. Deuce is still taken into custody on prostitution charges, as Fowler needs someone to bring in. At the hearing, it is revealed that Deuce never slept with any of the clients except for Kate. Since Deuce gave back the money to Kate and was not paid for sex with her, he is cleared of all charges. Using the money he made, Deuce restores Antoine\'s fish tank, albeit with lower-quality glass. Unfortunately, one of Deuce\'s friends accidentally kills the prize fish in Antoine\'s aquarium. Deuce buys a replacement fish and returns to Antoine\'s house just in time. Antoine is suspicious, but cannot figure out why. He taps the new aquarium and the glass shatters. Deuce then reveals his man-whoring escapades to the confused and angry Antoine. Outraged, Antoine tries to kill Deuce, and at one point shoots an arrow at him. However, the aforementioned overweight client shows up, comes between the two men, and saves Deuce\'s life . Antoine is then arrested by Detective Fowler, and Deuce marries Kate.'] ['Bud "Squirrel" Macintosh and Doyle "Stubs" Johnson are best friends and live together in the same house. Their girlfriends, Monique and Jen, are environmentalists who ask Bud and Doyle to join them at an Earth Day event. The troublemakers, however, are not interested in picking up trash, so they fake an injury to Doyle\'s head in order to get out of the environmentalist gathering. Although they are sympathetic at first, their girlfriends eventually find out it is a trick and go to the Earth Day event without Bud and Doyle. Once there, they call the boys from a payphone to announce they\'ll be joining some hot guys from a swim team at a party down by a lake. Jealous, Bud and Doyle drive out to the lake, only to find there is no party, and they have been had. On the way home, they drive by an area where scientist Dr. Noah Faulkner is about to seal his team into the "Bio-Dome" for a year without outside contact. Mistaking it for a mall and going inside to use the bathroom, they get sealed in along with the scientists. Dr. Leaky discovers them and demands that they be kicked out. Faulkner refuses, claiming it would destroy the purpose of the experiment, so Bud and Doyle end up remaining. This proves a mistake, as Bud and Doyle begin acting like they did outside of the Dome, harming themselves and destroying many of the scientists\' projects. The scientists remain silent, but they soon grow tired of the childish behavior and dump the boys into their desert environment section. After three days of being stuck in the desert environment, they discover a key in the lock of one of the windows and escape the Bio-Dome. To impress their girlfriends with their newfound interest in the environment, Bud and Doyle organize a party at the Bio-Dome, but this only angers their girlfriends, who tell them they\'re destroying the Dome\'s experiment. After the party, Bud and Doyle try to make it up to their girlfriends by cleaning up all the trash, saving the Dome\'s environment, with the help of all the scientists. Faulkner, who has gone mad because of Bud and Doyle\'s antics, plans to blow up the Dome with homemade coconut bombs. He fails, but does blow open the Dome\'s door, allowing everyone to exit, considering the fiasco a success. The film ends with Faulkner running off into the desert after climbing out the same window Bud and Doyle used to escape through earlier, while Bud, Doyle, and their girlfriends drive off toward a mysterious factory so Doyle can yet again use the bathroom.'] ['At Game 6 of the 1977 World Series, Joe "Coop" Cooper catches Reggie Jackson\'s third home run in the stands and proclaims to his best friend, Doug Remer, that "One day, I\'m gonna be a big sports star." 16 years later, Coop  and Remer  are 23 and unemployed and about to have their gas shut off. They arrive uninvited at a party hosted by a former high school classmate of theirs. After finding out that their classmates have grown up and moved on with their lives, Coop and Remer find themselves outside drinking beer and shooting hoops on the driveway basketball court. There, two other former classmates challenge them to a game. The two see that their opponents are very good at basketball, so they say they will only play a new game they picked up "in the hood". Clearly making this new game up as they go, Coop originally proposes the game Horse, but changes it to basketball with baseball rules: shots made from different locations count as singles, doubles, triples, and home runs, and missed shots count as outs. During the challenger\'s first shot, Coop "psyches" him out to make him miss; this is another rule made up on the spot. A "psyche out" can be anything said or done that makes the offense lose their concentration and miss their shot. Essentially "BASEketball" is a hybrid of "Horse," "Around The World" and a lot of trash talking. Coop and Remer continue playing their new game, "BASEketball", and add a third member to their team, Kenny "Squeak" Scolari . Six months later, people come from miles around to watch them play the game they created against other neighborhood teams. Ted Denslow  shows up to propose creation of the National BASEketball League , with numerous rules in place to prevent the sport from deteriorating as other sports had done: teams cannot switch cities, players cannot be traded, and individuals cannot make money via corporate sponsorship deals. Five years after creation of the league, the NBL is in full swing with stadiums, teams, fans, and a major championship . During the 1997 championship, Denslow, who is the owner of the Milwaukee Beers for whom Coop and Remer both play, chokes on a hot dog and dies. Denslow\'s will grants Coop ownership of the Beers for one year; if they do not win the next Denslow Cup, ownership reverts to Denslow\'s widow Yvette . The owner of the Dallas Felons, Baxter Cain , wants to change the league rules to allow teams to move cities and players to switch teams, but could not accomplish this while Denslow was alive. Yvette would have been willing to comply had she been given ownership of the team, but Coop refuses to accept any of the proposed changes. Cain and Yvette work together to make sure the Beers will lose the next Denslow Cup and Yvette will win ownership of the team. In a private conversation at Cain\'s office, Cain tells Remer that Coop has said no to Cain\'s plans without talking to the other members of the Beers. Remer then goes to the Beers behind Coop\'s back and tells the team what he learned from Cain. After Remer and the other members of the Beers confront him, Coop agrees to split all decision making with Remer and the team. The team continues to agree that the rules should not be changed. Coop also seemingly enters into a relationship with Jenna, despite Remer\'s attempts to get between them. Cain cuts the funds to Jenna\'s foundation, forcing Coop and Remer to ask Cain for help. Cain suggests creating a clothing line and sending the proceeds to her foundation. Coop is entirely against it, but Remer, as part team owner, immediately agrees, and becomes so obsessed with his newfound fame that he alienates Coop. After they win the league semifinals, Cain informs Coop and Remer through photos that their clothing line has been produced through child labor in Calcutta. If the public learns about it, the team and Jenna\'s foundation will be ruined. Cain threatens to show the photos to the public unless Coop and Remer lose or skip the Denslow Cup game. Jenna learns about the child labor scandal and breaks it off with Coop. Coop blames Remer for the mess and they have a falling out, and Coop decides to go to Calcutta to resolve the situation. Coop replaces all the child workers in the factory with adult workers and makes it back just as the fifth annual Denslow Cup begins. The Beers start with an abysmal performance, failing to make one hit in six innings. At the seventh-inning stretch, the Beers are down 16&ndash;0. After a moving speech from Squeak, Coop and Remer reconcile their differences and Yvette breaks off her alliance with Cain. Coop, Remer, and Squeak finally get back into the game and start scoring. In the bottom of the ninth, Remer is on second, Squeak is on third, and Coop is up when his custom-made BASEketball  pops. Joey brings Coop a new custom-made BASEketball made from a Barcalounger. Coop misses, but successfully completes the conversion, which is considered a home run for the win and the Denslow Cup. He meets Reggie Jackson after the game, who wishes him luck in the next season. Coop and Jenna reunite while Remer hooks up with Yvette, as the team happily carries Squeak on the Denslow Cup.'] ['28-year-old slacker/cartoonist named Gordon "Gord" Brody is pursuing his ambition to obtain a contract for a TV show. He heads off for Hollywood, and subsequently gets a job in a cheese sandwich factory. He also goes to an animation studio looking for Mr. Davidson. He is told that he\'s out to lunch. Gord lies that he\'s a cop and that Mr. Davidson\'s wife died. He gets the name of the restaurant and quickly heads there to pitch his idea. After being told that his ideas are stupid and make no sense, he decides to move back home and rethink his future. When Gord\'s father, Jim, questions Gord\'s life goals, and then proceeds in a fit of rage to destroy Gord\'s half-pipe, which Gord has spent a whole year building , he subsequently gets even by having his father arrested on falsified charges of sexual molestation, destroying his parents\' relationship and his family\'s reputation in the process. Gord\'s mother, Julie, ends up dating Shaq. Gord and Jim end up sewing soccer balls in Kuwait after Gord finally gets a TV contract, based upon his family. The event that convinces Mr. Davidson to give Gord the contract is when Gord\'s Dad comes into the office during the interview acting psycho. Throughout the film, vignettes depict Gord\'s day-to-day activities, such as his sadomasochistic relationship with a paralyzed woman named Betty, and Gord\'s younger brother, Freddy\'s, attempts to "go straight" by going to work at a bank. However, he is later sent to a home for sexually-molested children wearing a shirt that says "No More Secrets."'] ["After failing the rescue attempt of a raccoon in the Himalayas (a parody of [[Cliffhanger , Ace Ventura undergoes an emotional breakdown and joins a Tibetan monastery. There, he is approached by Fulton Greenwall, a British correspondent working for a provincial consulate in the fictional African country of Nibia. Because Ace's influence is disruptive to the monastery, the Grand Abbot gives Ace excuses by which to justify his departure, and sends him with Greenwall. Thereafter, Greenwall asks Ventura to find the white bat 'Shikaka', a sacred animal of the Wachati tribe, which disappeared shortly after being offered as dowry of the Wachati Princess, who is set to wed the Wachootoo Prince to form armistice between the two people. Accompanied by his capuchin monkey, Spike, Ace travels to Africa to search for the missing bat. After arriving in Nibia and meeting with consul Vincent Cadby, Ace begins investigating his case as well as the possible suspects; but must overcome his fear of bats in order to continue doing so. He travels to the Wachati tribal village, where he learns that if the bat is not returned in time, the Wachootoo will declare war on the Wachati tribe. Thereafter much of Ace's activity involves eliminating obvious suspects--animal traders, poachers, and a Safari park owner among others--and enduring the growing escalations of threat between the Wachati and the Wachootoo. This proves difficult, and is made more so by other incidents including attempts to kill him, a series of gruelling tasks set by the Wachootoo, and the Wachati princess's attempts to seduce him. Perplexed by the mystery, Ace consults the Grand Abbot via astral projection. Advised by the Abbot, Ace deduces that Vincent Cadby has taken the bat and hired Ace to divert suspicion from himself, having planned to let the tribes destroy each other so that he can then take possession of the numerous bat caves containing guano to sell as fertilizer. When Ace confronts Cadby with this knowledge, in which Ace learns he was hired as Cadby's alibi, he is arrested by tribal security chief Hitu; but calls an elephant to escape, and then summons herds of jungle animals to destroy Cadby's house. Cadby then tries to shoot Ace, but is thwarted by Greenwall who punches him in the face. Cadby escapes with the bat in a car, but Ace follows him in a Monster truck. In pursuit, Ace destroys Cadby's car, leaving the bat cage lodged in a tree while Cadby escapes, only to be captured by a male gorilla during its mating season. Ace, despite his chiroptophobia, dramatically returns the bat to the tribes; and Cadby, watching nearby, is discovered by the Wachati Prince Ouda and pursued by both tribes, later to be raped by an amorous silverback gorilla. The Princess is married to the Prince, who is the champion wrestler Ace had to fight as one of the Wachootoo tribal challenges. Moments later, it is discovered that the young bride is no longer a virgin, apparently on Ace's account. Both tribes then pursue Ace, concluding the movie."] ['Erik Stifler ([[John White  has a difficult time living up to his family name. He is Steve and Matt Stifler\'s cousin. He is perhaps the only Stifler about to graduate from high school as a virgin. The film opens with Erik feigning illness so that he can stay home and masturbate. Unfortunately, just as he is about to ejaculate, his parents and grandmother unexpectedly walk into the door and are hit with Erik\'s semen, after which his grandmother dies of a heart attack. Erik\'s dad later surmises that, as a Stifler, his son should be out having sex instead of masturbating. Erik\'s girlfriend of two years, Tracy , loves him, but is not ready for intercourse. Tracy decides to have sex, their first attempt goes horribly wrong, and she backs out of trying again. Erik\'s friends Cooze  and Ryan ([[Ross Thomas  plan a road trip to visit Erik\'s cousin Dwight Stifler  in Michigan during an event known as the Naked Mile. Tracy sees this as an opportunity to give Erik a "guilt free weekend pass," hoping that he can quench his lust and get sex out of his system since she is not ready. As soon as Erik and his friends arrive on campus, they witness an over-the-top drinking contest where Dwight is crowned a campus champion. Later, they lose a rough game of football against a bitter rival fraternity composed almost entirely of midgets, and end up in a brawl with those same midgets on several occasions. The first night when the guys are at a college bar, Erik meets a college girl named Brandi who has a fetish for virgin boys, prompting Ryan and Cooze to make a bet with each other that Erik won\'t sleep with Brandi and will remain a virgin. At the same time, Ryan and Cooze end up getting turned down by a couple girls they met at the bar, Jill and Alexis, who are taken by a couple of the midgets. The following morning, Dwight gets jumped by the midget fraternity in disguise while walking down the street, landing him in the hospital. Dwight tells the guys he probably won\'t make it to the Naked Mile, but yet still manages to make it right in time. Right away, he joins up with Erik, Ryan and Cooze, who are at first reluctant to run, but when Brandi, Jill and Alexis show up to run with the guys, they\'re finally prompted to strip down and run with the girls, and end up having a great time. Finally as Erik and Brandi reach the finish line, they steal a kiss, which is then caught on camera for a news report on TV. Watching the news report about the Naked Mile back at home, Tracy is upset and feels guilty that she allowed Erik the free pass. Her friends convince her to also lose her virginity before he gets back. Later that evening, Erik realizes that he loves Tracy, confesses to Brandi that he can\'t sleep with her and rushes back to see his girlfriend. When he gets to her house, Tracy\'s dad says she is at a party and Erik arrives at the party just as Tracy has headed upstairs, presumably to lose her virginity to her ex-boyfriend. Erik loudly pounds on the closed bedroom door, proclaiming his love for her. However, Tracy was not in the room because she had decided that she could not go through with her plans. The two decide that they should be each others\' first, and they make love. When Erik returns to the Beta house to pick up his friends the next morning, each boy shares stories of his experiences from the night before. The guys then ask Erik if he "sealed the deal" with Brandi that night, and Erik tells them no, prompting Ryan and Cooze to pay up on their bet, until Erik tells them about his adventure back home to make up to Tracy and finally lose his virginity. The guys are now proud of Erik for officially living up to the Stifler family name, and the three friends finally drive back to East Great Falls. During the post-Naked Mile party, Dwight spots Vicky , the girlfriend of Rock , the leader of the midget fraternity, and the two of them head up to Dwight\'s room to have sex. Later, as the film closes, Dwight sent a DVD to Rock that reads, "Payback\'s a bitch." It reveals both Dwight and Vicky having sex, as Rock yells out, "Stifler!" As it turns out, Dwight and Vicky start dating, and they end up traveling the world together, as various postcard pictures show their many journeys together during the end credits roll.'] ["The plot follows the story of college student Eun-shik and his efforts to impress a Junior student Eun-hyo. Eun-shik has a habit of finding himself in somewhat awkward situations that often embarrass him and sabotage his attempts to impress Eun-hyo. After mandatory military service for 2 years, Eun-shik transferred to National University where he plans to major in Law. He stays with other 3 roommates; most of them are carrying typical characteristics of freshmen in college where they try to hit on girls, give a leer at girls in swimming pools, gyms, and such. Eun-hyo is an aspiring national aerobic athlete. She first noticed Eun-shik, an awkward weirdo, in college canteen while he stares at her tightly clasped thighs protruding from lower mini-skirt. With a mischievous intention, she then spreads her legs in a jerk, and a glimpse of her white panty made him throw his meal out of his mouth. Since then their awkward encounters follow. Although Eun-hyo sympathizes with Eun-shik's one-sided love, she eventually picked one of the hottest guy in college, Sangok, who is an apple of every girl eyes. While having a relationship with another aerobic athlete, Sangok spent one night with Eun-hyo, which leads them to accidental pregnancy stage. As a typical rich spoiled brat, he only offered money to abort the pregnancy. Dejected, Eun-hyo run away and tried to solve the problem by herself. The doctor from clinic requires her to accompany someone in charge of her situation to do the procedure. She then turned to Eun-shik for his help, who initially thought he has got a date to go out with her. After the procedure, he helped her everything; her post-operational fever, her meals, and such. He even tried to entertain lest she is upset about her recent breakup. Finally the day of national aerobic competition came. Eun-hyo managed to come to the stage in the last minute where she performed to her best. After the competition, she gave in all her toughness and mentality. She went to the restroom, cried, and got bleeding from her womb which recently got an abortion operation. Eun-shik then came in and sent her to hospital. Out of frustration and deep-seated hatred, he searched Sangok who initiated all of this trouble. He found Sangok having a good time after the competition. He told Sangok about Eun-hyo's recent tragedy and punched him in the face. In the end, Eun-hyo after discharged from hospital, asked Eun-shik if he still remained the same about his feeling toward her."] ['The film starts with Jim  ending his first year at college. Jim begins to have sex with one of his college friends as "friendly goodbye sex" when he reveals that this is his "first time since his first time". After appearing extremely clueless in front of the girl, it is revealed that Jim\'s Dad  plans to surprise his son with a six pack of beer when he goes to pick him up from school. Jim\'s Dad has the RA unlock the door and he inadvertently walks in on them. Instead of leaving, Jim\'s Dad begins to try and rationalize the moment by declaring that it is perfectly natural when the young girl\'s parents and Jim\'s Mom walk in as well. After this, Jim, Kevin , Oz ([[Chris Klein  and Finch  return to their hometown in East Great Falls, Michigan for the summer break after their first year of college. They attend a party hosted by Stifler , the oversexed college clown, but not only does their new status as college students not give them any success with local girls, the police shut down the party. Kevin also has problems when he meets Vicky  after their year away from each other; Vicky wants to be friends and Kevin is awkwardly positioned wanting her back, but worried he will lose her completely. Desperate, he calls his brother  for advice, who tells him to move down to the beach and party hard. Together, they set off for a rented house by the beach in Grand Harbor, Michigan, where they intend to spend the whole summer, but Kevin is forced to invite Stifler along as well in order to successfully cover the costs. After arriving in Grand Harbor, Kevin finds them work as painters and decorators for a house nearby. Stifler is intrigued by the two sexy female owners , who appear to be lesbians, and excitedly breaks into their house while they\'re away. Jim and Finch follow him, trying to get him out, but they are caught by the girls, who relent on calling the police. But after Stifler identifies his interest in their sexuality, they insist on the boys performing "like for like" homosexual acts on each other in return for being able to watch the girls do the same thing. Oz and Kevin take turns watching up a ladder and listening on the walkie-talkie also in the room. The conversation is accidentally picked up and heard by many other people in the neighborhood . Following this, the boys plan to throw a huge summer party at the house, bigger than anything they\'ve done before. Many concurrent stories run at the same time in the run-up to the party. Nadia , Jim\'s fling from senior year, is traveling the United States and is dropping by to attend the beach party. Jim asks for sexual help and advice from band geek Michelle Flaherty , his senior-year prom date, who is busy at band camp. While masquerading as a band camp member, the team leaders mistake him for Petey, a mentally-challenged trombone player, and usher him onto the stage in front of an impatient crowd. He proceeds to completely embarrass himself and the band members in front of the whole crowd. Later at night, Jim decides to turn on a porn film that Stifler rented, but accidentally uses superglue instead of lubricant to masturbate, permanently gluing his entire hand to his penis and boxer shorts. Exasperated and anxious, he takes out the porn cassette but ends up bonding the cassette to his other hand. Unable to open any doors, he climbs out of a window and stumbles onto the rooftop where he is seen by a nosy neighbor and subsequently caught by confused police officers. He is supported at the hospital by his father, where he learns the news that he won\'t be able to have sex for at least a whole week, the same amount of time before the party is due to occur. However, to Jim\'s horror, Nadia turns up early, having got bored of sightseeing. Jim\'s penis is still badly injured, so he pretends to be in a relationship with Michelle to put Nadia off. Jim and Michelle break the relationship off once he is ready to have sex with Nadia, but Michelle is saddened by it, having developed genuine feelings for Jim. Meanwhile, Oz is lonely and missing his girlfriend Heather  who is away in Spain. They start having erotic phone sex to vent some of their frustration, but keep getting interrupted, first when Oz gets a wrong number call from a guy who barely understands English, and then when Stifler intervenes by amusing Heather, at which point they both decide to hang up. Finch has become involved in the sexual art of Tantra , and claims that through Tantric sex, he can "make an orgasm last for days". He is waiting patiently for Stifler\'s mom , who slept with him at the end of the first film, hoping she will show up and be willing to do it again. He thinks she is arriving when a vehicle turns up after Stifler is talking on the phone, but it turns out to be Stifler\'s little brother Matt , the star of later films. He spends the party night obnoxiously attempting to chat up and seduce a few girls, but he does not sleep with any of them. Finally, the party begins at the beach house. Kevin sees Vicky but is crushed when he sees her with a new boyfriend and leaves to go to the beach by himself. Oz, Finch, and Jim follow him down, where he confides in them that he never got over Vicky and that with the party, he was hoping to relive his senior year prom night, in particular, sleeping with Vicky at the end of it. The others help Kevin realize that it will never happen, and the quartet return to the beach house to party hard. Heather turns up to Oz\'s delight, and Stifler goes on to have a threesome with the beautiful neighbors who turn out not to be lesbians after all. Jim takes a walk along the beach with Nadia, who takes him to a lighthouse on the pier, but Jim calls it off early, revealing that he has fallen for Michelle. Nadia is disappointed that Jim chose a geek over her, but is happy for Jim and allows him to go and find Michelle, performing at band camp. He gatecrashes the performance with a trombone, just like he did before, but with much more confidence and aggression, and romantically makes out with Michelle in front of a heartwarmed crowd. Meanwhile, the geeky Sherman ([[Chris Owen  mulls around at the party in a depressed mood, having abandoned his "Sherminator" mantra from the first film due to his abject failure with girls and being made fun of by Jessica . By chance, he begins talking to the rejected Nadia, who is also depressed, and the two hit it off almost instantly. Nadia encourages Sherman to become the Sherminator once more, displaying a desire/fetish for geeks, and excitedly drags him into an upstairs bedroom where Sherman finally loses his virginity, to the shock of Stifler. Then the couples are shown to be sleeping. First Oz along with Heather, then Jim with Michelle  and finally Stifler lying in the bed with two girls, where he starts to weep with happiness at his achievement. The morning after the party, a Mercedes-Benz C215 with tinted windows turns up at the house. Finch approaches to see Stifler\'s mom  who has finally turned up. It does not take long before Finch gets into the car and drives off to the lakeside to have hard sex with her, leaving Jim, Kevin and Oz to cover for him with Stifler. In spite of Finch having learned that her name is Jeanine, rather than use it she encourages him to call her "Stifler\'s Mom" when he reaches orgasm.'] ['{{Plot}} In Bedrock, a drunken and pregnant Toot is informed that someone has come to see her. The visitor turns out to be her old housemate Foxxy Love, who tries to tell her that their lives are in danger. This then flashes back to six months prior. Foxxy discovers that she can swear without being censored. When she discovers the show\'s control room, she realizes that the TV show Drawn Together has been cancelled. The housemates check their TV listings and find out that their time slot had been taken over by a TV show called "The Suck My Taint Show". Foxxy calls the network to find out why they were cancelled. The Network Head, upon hearing from Foxxy, learns that the housemates are still alive and summons I.S.R.A.E.L. , a robot designed specifically to erase cartoon characters. The Jew Producer warns the housemates before I.S.R.A.E.L. shows up, but he manages to escape just in time inside Foxxy\'s van. Once they escape from I.S.R.A.E.L., Foxxy insists that the way for them to survive is to get their TV show back on the air, and suggests that they can seek out the Suck My Taint Girl for help. Clara, refusing to believe that she is not a real princess, wants to return to her kingdom, claiming that her father can protect them. Captain Hero, Xandir, and Ling-Ling decide to go with Clara, while Spanky and Wooldoor decide to go with Foxxy to try to get their show back on the air. While the others are arguing, Toot steals the van and drives off alone. Back at the network, the Jew Producer tells the Network Head that he cannot bring himself to have the housemates erased, having become attached to them. The Jew Producer states that he will not help the Network Head with his mission, but the Network Head reveals that he has kidnapped the Jew Producer\'s son as a threat. The Jew Producer reluctantly agrees to help, and he and I.S.R.A.E.L. take off in pursuit of the housemates once again. Clara, Hero, Molly , Xandir, and Ling-Ling arrive at Clara\'s kingdom, expecting to find refuge. However, nobody there seems to recognize Clara. She encounters the king of the land, who is not her father, and even more shockingly, she sees a woman who appears to be the "real" princess. The guards end up killing Clara, but the other three manage to escape. Meanwhile, Foxxy, Spanky, and Wooldoor visit the set of The Suck My Taint Show and meet the Suck My Taint Girl, who reveals herself to be a fan of the housemates\' show. She tells the group that they were cancelled because vulgar and offensive content is only acceptable when your show "makes a point", and that if they want to get Drawn Together back on the air, they will need to get a point, which they can do by making a visit to Make-A-Point Land. She tells Foxxy that if she will bring the rest of the Drawn Together gang to meet her, she will take them to Make-A-Point Land. After tracking down the others, the remaining group return to the set of The Suck My Taint Show. The Suck My Taint Girl agrees to take the rest of the group to Make-A-Point Land so they can get a point. The wizard of Make-A-Point Land agrees to give the group a point, and presents them with a box containing said point. Spanky protests by claiming that they should not open the box; that he is happier being disgusting for no reason. Some others agree with Spanky. Wooldoor disagrees, determined to get back on the air. He opens the box to find out it contains an eraser bomb which erases him from existence. The wizard explains he was forced to give them the box with an eraser bomb. It is then that the Network Head, the Jew Producer, and I.S.R.A.E.L. show up to erase the remaining cast. Foxxy asks how they knew they were going to the palace, and the Suck My Taint Girl reveals that she blackmailed them and is the Network Head\'s wife. I.S.R.A.E.L. prepares to kill the housemates, but The Jew Producer manages to convince I.S.R.A.E.L. that they have a right to exist as she does. She then impales the Network Head on a spike. The Network Head then opens his coat to reveal that he had enough explosive erasers strapped to his waist to destroy all of Make-A-Point Land. As The Network Head drops the remote to explode Make-A-Point Land, The Suck My Taint Girl tries to grab it, but the Jew Producer dives on top of her to stop her. The housemates then make a getaway. The Jew Producer and the Suck My Taint Girl struggle for possession of the detonator, in the process dropping it, erasing all of Make-A-Point Land, including themselves. The housemates make it out just in time. The housemates visit the remains of the erased Drawn Together house. The Jew Producer\'s son shows up to inform them that he might be able to help them by giving them a direct-to-DVD movie. Everyone happily laughs until Spanky accidentally steps on an eraser bomb caught in the ground, erasing them all from existence.'] ['Ali G  is the leader of Da West Staines Massiv, a fictional gang composed of a group of wannabe gangsters from Staines ; their chief rivals are Da East Staines Massiv. Ali and Da West Staines Massiv are heartbroken to learn that their beloved local leisure centre  will be demolished by the local council. Ali and his friends decide to protest this injustice. After he goes on a hunger strike and is spotted chained to some railings by the nefarious Chancellor of the Exchequer/Deputy Prime Minister David Carlton , he is drawn into a world of seedy political intrigue, as the Deputy Prime Minister tries to use Ali as a tool to destroy the Prime Minister\'s credibility. Ali is put forward as a candidate to be the next MP for Staines in a crucial by-election and manages to alienate most who cross his path, including feminists and the elderly. During a debate with his rival candidate, Ali tries to insult his rival by claiming that he "sucked off a horse". Unknown to Ali and the public, it turns out that the rival did indeed do such a thing, and trying to explain it away, he claims when he was out hunting with a friend he slipped, and his mouth landed on a horse\'s penis, which due to the mating season was erect. Ali then wins. Although originally seeming out of his depth as a Member of Parliament, Ali\'s bizarre behaviour and solutions seem to actually work. He visits a Customs checkpoint in Dover, as a delegate compiling a report . Through ideas such as making more "relatable" education and selectively ensuring the immigration of attractive  women into the UK, Ali becomes incredibly popular, meeting the Prime Minister\'s intentions and bringing his percentage lead in the polls up twenty two percent. With this the Prime Minister offers to save Ali\'s leisure centre. First though, Ali accompanies the Prime Minister to a United Nations peace conference to avert war between the French-speaking African nations of Chad and Burkina Faso. The United States and Russia back opposite countries and both threaten nuclear attacks. It gets to the point where World War III is almost declared when Ali sneaks into the catering area and puts an entire bag of marijuana, which he had stolen from Customs earlier, into the delegates\' tea and orders that they be served it right away. He throws the empty bag into a nearby rubbish bin. A side-effect is that the two opposing African presidents become allies . The Prime Minister says that Ali has saved the world. However, Carlton\'s secretary Kate Hedges figures out what Ali has done and retrieves the empty marijuana bag , which she mails to the press. Upon his return to the UK, Ali is forced to leave parliament. Before the Leisure Centre can be saved, a video emerges of Ali and his girlfriend having sex in the Prime Minister\'s bedroom at Chequers. As Ali was wearing items of the Prime Minister\'s clothing at the time, the media believe the video details the Prime Minister with a prostitute, forcing his resignation. This results in Deputy Prime Minister David Carlton being made Prime Minister. Carlton, who despises Ali, orders the destruction of the aforementioned leisure centre. He has also bought all available real estate in Staines in the knowledge that the town is to be destroyed to make way for a new terminal for Heathrow Airport, which will make him super wealthy. After turning down an offer to have sex with Kate Hedges, in exchange for "keeping his mouth shut" about the videotape, Ali and the West Staines Massiv must race against time to find the master copy of the CCTV tape proving the former Prime Minister\'s innocence, extending the olive branch to all the gangs all over Staines and neighbouring Berkshire  to help them break into the vaults and retrieve the said tape. They do this successfully and manage to reinstate the original Prime Minister, save the Leisure Centre, and all live happily ever after when Ali is posted as the British ambassador to Jamaica. Staines is saved from destruction, with the reinstated Prime Minister declaring that Slough is to be destroyed instead. This film features one of Baron Cohen\'s other character, Borat Sagdiyev, in a meeting with Ali G, where a double was used for different shots.'] ['The movie opens outside of a building where terrorists are holding hostages and a nuclear bomb. The Reno Sheriff\'s Department arrives in a helicopter to handle the situation. The main characters come off the helicopter wearing their tactical suits and carrying guns and ammo, except for Dep. Clementine Johnson , who is wearing skimpy lingerie under a trench coat. As the Sheriff\'s Department prepares for the mission, the agents overseeing the action notice their commanding officer is missing. Lt. Jim Dangle ([[Thomas Lennon  bursts into the scene on a motorcycle, wearing his trademark hot pants, only to crash after jumping a police car. Deputy Travis Junior  then wakes up and realizes it was all a dream. He realizes that he was driving, and both he and Dangle crash through a construction site into a port-a-john. The film continues with introductory clips of the officers, telling how they became interested in law enforcement, à la COPS. After a scene involving a chicken in the road miscoded as an "armed person on a roof", Lt. Dangle tells everyone that they have been invited to the American Police Convention in Miami Beach, but after the 35 hour bus ride, the group realizes their names are not on the entrance list, so they can not get their entrance passes or hotel keys. They end up booking rooms at a motel downtown, which seems to be a hub of illegal activity. That night, the police officers change into skimpy clothing and attempt to seduce one another with alcohol. As all are unsuccessful, they turn to self-pleasure. This prompts a disgusted Jones to run away, as he sees everyone through their open windows. After everyone recovers from their hangovers , the team goes to the convention site to see if their tickets were found. When they get there they see that the entire building has been blocked off and covered because of a bio-chemical terrorist attack. The only people left outside are the HazMAT people, National Security, and assistant deputy mayor Jeff Spoder . The head of National Security tells the Reno Sheriffs Department that since they are the only Police officers available, they will have to provide law enforcement for all of Miami Beach. A high-ranking SWAT agent  arrives on the scene, but he ends up blowing himself up when he tries to show the team how to handle a grenade. The team arrives at the Miami Beach Sheriff\'s Department and finds that everything there is a lot better than what they have in Reno, including the squad cars; Miami Beach Sheriff Deputies ride in 2006 Mustangs instead of old Crown Victorias. The team responds to several emergency calls, which include an alligator in a swimming pool , street prostitution , and a dead beached whale, which they decide to remove by blowing up the whale and chunks of flesh fly everywhere. As usual, the team has fun with their antics around the city. They find out that the person who poisoned all the police officers at the convention was Jeff. His plan was to gang up with Ethan the drug lord , who pretends to be Cuban but is really from Colorado and take over Miami Beach. Jeff kills the drug lord when he is discovered and runs off with the antidote. The team chases him down on golf carts and just as they are about to get beaten in a showdown on a bridge, Jones and Garcia show up in a Marine helicopter and the acting Mayor gives up. Lt. Dangle puts him under arrest and in a squad car when Trudy, who is in the AH-1 Cobra helicopter, accidentally fires one of the missiles into that same squad car. The next day, all the law enforcement officers receive the antidote. All of the officers clap and congratulate the Reno Sheriff\'s Department on their work done well. Lt. Dangle gets a job offer from the Aspen, Colorado, Sheriff\'s Department  and accepts. He tells the team that while he has enjoyed working with them, he is leaving. The team is about to board the bus when Terry tells them that he has got a jet. He offers them a ride in his jet and claims that his limo is just about to arrive to take him to the airport. No one believes him until a limo drives up to pick up Terry. In awe, they all ride with Terry in the limo to the jet and apologize for not believing him. Back in Reno, Garcia briefs the team. The door opens, interrupting his talk, and Dangle walks up to take the briefing sheets from Garcia. Apparently, the Aspen Sheriff\'s Department found out Dangle was gay and have a strict policy against hiring homosexuals. Trudy goes up to Dangle, cups his private parts, and tells them that he actually came back for her. With that said, Dangle continues the briefing, revealing that the Reno Sheriffs Department has been invited the National Police Convention at Scotland Yard. The movie ends with everyone cheering.'] ['In an opening scene, a group of men are interviewed regarding Christina Walters  who introduce her as a player and a user of men in the swinging singles market. The men include: *A neurotic loser who gets a nose bleed when she fails to call him after promising to do so. *A man who saw the movie Swingers and is calling her after 3 days only to find that she gave him a number for Moviefone. *A man whose masculinity comes into question when he attempted to court Christina and was denied claiming her to be a lesbian *A very talkative man who ends up propelling himself off an exercise bike when he starts talking about Christina. The scene shifts back to the sexist man whose claims of Christina\'s lesbianism causes an entire crowd of women to attack him with baseball bats and the movie moves along, introducing Christina Walters, a successful interior designer and Courtney Rockcliffe  who is a divorce lawyer as they console their friend and roommate Jane , who had recently broken up with her boyfriend Kevin, by taking her out to a dance club and cancel their plans to stay in for pizza. At the club, Jane feels out of place and Christina grabs a man passing by to set Jane up with. She meets Peter Donahue  who confronts Christina for her methods before disappearing for the night. While in the bathroom with Courtney, she calls him by name, leading her to suspect that he got under Christina\'s skin and she\'s actually attracted to him which she denies. After running into Peter again, Christina buys him a drink and they spend time together, Peter explaining that he will be attending a wedding on Saturday and he is there with his obnoxious, womanizing brother Roger  to celebrate. He invites Christina and Courtney to an after-party at their hotel, but Christina goes home and later regrets not going. The next day, Christina can\'t stop talking about Peter while Jane deals with an embarrassing "cleanup" from her fun with the guy she met the night before. In the unedited version, Jane returns to the lunch and the women talk about always complimenting men for the sizes of their penises, eventually breaking out into a restaurant-wide "Penis Song". Courtney arranges for her and Christina to travel to Summerset where Peter\'s brother\'s wedding is to take place and they meet Jane\'s boyfriend as a recurring gag they indicate he is well endowed causing misery and enjoyment from Jane. After they leave, Christina and Courtney go on a series of misadventures including an exploding toilet, a glory hole discovery, and a motorcyclist who is led to believe Christina is giving Courtney oral sex. Meanwhile Jane encounters her boyfriend at her retail job and is nearly caught having sex with him in the changing rooms. When Christina and Courtney finally get to Summerset, Christina begins having second thoughts after visiting a store to replace their wet and ruined clothing only to come out in extremely gaudy, indiscreet outfits, but a series of coincidences gives her a change of heart and they go to Peter\'s brother\'s wedding. While there, they discover that it was Peter, not Roger who was getting married and the pair nearly ruin the ceremonies in their attempts to escape. Peter and his fiance then decide that they do not want to marry each other and they call off the wedding  while Christina returns home and back to a newly unfulfilled life of being single again. Peter finds Christina\'s address in the log at the store they bought their clothing and tracks her down. Christina, determined not to fear the commitment, kisses Peter and then walks away disappointed. Sometime later, Courtney is dating a doctor and is clearly very attracted to him, and Peter is interviewed like the men at the beginning of the film, retelling his version of the events calling her a bitch and a player, but ultimately revealing that he and Christina are together, having gotten married and are living very happily with Jane and Courtney and Roger as well. Whether they all live together is left ambiguous.'] ["Ace Ventura  is a private investigator living in Miami, Florida, who specializes in retrieval of tame or captive animals. Despite the success of his methods, he does not often receive many assignments and therefore cannot pay rent or repair his battered 1970s Chevrolet Monte Carlo; whereas his eccentricities make him the laughingstock of the Miami-Dade Police Department. At Joe Robbie Stadium, Snowflake, a bottlenose dolphin mascot of the Miami Dolphins, is kidnapped two weeks before the team is due to play in the imminent Super Bowl. Dolphins owner Mr. Riddle, believing the team will fear to lose the Super Bowl unless Snowflake is returned, orders his head of operations, Roger Podacter ([[Troy Evans , and chief publicist Melissa Robinson  to find Snowflake. Ventura is hired to solve the case and discovers his first clue in the form of a rare triangular-cut orange amber stone, which he speculates to have fallen from a 1984 AFC Championship ring. Ventura then tries to find his culprit by tricking each member of the championship squad into showing their rings; the attempt fails. Later, Podacter mysteriously falls to his death from his apartment, which Robinson and Ventura go to investigate. Although Miami Police Lt. Lois Einhorn  insists it was suicide, Ventura proves it was murder, embarrassing her. While trying to find how Podacter's death is connected to Snowflake's disappearance, Ace learns of a former Dolphins kicker named Ray Finkle, whom he missed during his earlier investigation. Finkle had missed the potentially game-winning field goal kick at the end of Super Bowl XVII, causing the Dolphins to lose the game and his own career to fail, also upon learning that the team gave Snowflake his number and taught him how to kick a field goal, to which Finkle found as an insult. Having discovered Finkle's obsession with fellow-player Dan Marino, whom the kicker blames for his loss, Ventura is sure Finkle is the culprit, but cannot find him. Ace and Melissa go to a mental hospital where Finkle was last seen; where under the guise of a mental patient, Ace searches Finkle's belongings and discovers a newspaper article about a missing woman, coincidentally named Lois Einhorn. Studying this, Ventura realizes to his disgust that Lt. Lois Einhorn is Finkle in disguise. Ventura then follows Finkle to an abandoned dock, where he finds a kidnapped Marino and Snowflake. When the police arrive, Finkle orders the cops to shoot Ace; whereupon Ace tries to expose Finkle by ripping off her clothes, but fails until assisted by Marino, to which also concludes, with the evidence of a love letter, Finkle murdered Podacter because he learned who Einhorn was. Marino and Snowflake return in time for the Super Bowl XXVII between the Miami Dolphins and Philadelphia Eagles. At halftime, Ventura attempts to capture an albino pigeon that was the subject of another case he is handling, but is prevented by Swoop, the Eagles' mascot. Enraged, Ventura beats the mascot, while being thanked on the JumboTron for saving Marino and Snowflake."] ['Honey Shayne  is a freshman at Fairenville University . After unsuccessfully pledging the Pi sorority, and being publicly ridiculed by sorority president Melody Ragmore , Honey joins with three other unsuccessful pledges  to form a new sorority  with the goal of stealing all of the rival sorority\'s boyfriends. The movie includes a number of competitions intended to accomplish that goal, including a fundraiser , a dance and a climactic game of strip football. Both groups play pranks on the others and attempt to avoid disciplinary actions from the F.U. administration. A subplot deals with the attempts of two bungling gangsters to recover money hidden in the renovated building housing the sorority. A running gag during the movie is the source of the name "H.O.T.S." While the closing credits reveal that the name is an anagram of the first names of the four founders, other characters in the film believe it to stand for Hands Off Those Suckers and Hold On To Sex. At one point, the girls claim it stands for Help Out The Seals.'] ['A garbage can spaceship is flying near Earth, where the same garbage can is later shown inside an antique shop owned by Captain Manzini . Meanwhile, A boy named Dodger is being assaulted by four bullies in a park. The leader of the bullies, Juice, steals Dodger\'s money and drops him in a puddle. Dodger goes to Captain Manzini\'s antique shop where he works, where Captain Manzini takes Dodger\'s clothes and cleans them while warning him to stay away from the garbage can. Later, Dodger sees Tangerine, one of the bullies and Juice\'s girlfriend, who seems to be the most compassionate one towards Dodger, and tries to persuade her to buy something. Dodger is attracted to Tangerine and covertly smells her hair while she is distracted. The other bullies enter the shop and attempt to rough up Dodger again, but he manages to outwit them. However, amidst the tussle, the garbage can is knocked over. The bullies then bring Dodger into a sewer, handcuff him to a rail, and open a sewage pipe on him. Dodger is saved by little mysterious people named the Garbage Pail Kids. Captain Manzini returns and is upset that the Garbage Pail Kids have been released from their can, but introduces Dodger to each of them. Greaser Greg is a leather jacket-clad greaser with an attitude, Messy Tessie is a girl with a constantly running nose, Windy Winston is a boy who wears a Hawaiian shirt and often farts violently, Valerie Vomit is a girl who throws up on command, Foul Phil is a whining baby with halitosis who constantly asks characters if they are his "mommy" or "daddy", Nat Nerd is an acne-riddled boy who dresses up like a superhero and wets his pants frequently and Ali Gator, the group\'s natural leader, is an anthropomorphic alligator who has an appetite for human toes. Captain Manzini explains that the kids are forbidden from going in public, because they\'ll be attacked by the "normies" , and that he can\'t get the kids to go back into the garbage can without magic. The next day, Dodger goes with Tangerine to a night club where she sells clothes she designed herself. Dodger behaves awkwardly when Tangerine removes her shirt to sell it. A moment later, Dodger has to hide when Juice shows up. Meanwhile, the Garbage Pail Kids steal a Pepsi truck, flatten Juice\'s car with it, and then have a camp fire in an alley with stolen food. The next morning, the Garbage Pail Kids recover from hangovers and give Dodger a jacket they sewed. The jacket impresses Tangerine who asks Dodger to get more clothes so she can sell them. The Garbage Pail Kids get bored and decide to wear disguises to go out in public. Some of them go to a theater playing Three Stooges shorts and behave obnoxiously. Ali Gator and Windy Winston go to a bar where they start a fight with bikers, who are soon won over by the Kids\' heroics, in which they celebrate with beers. The Kids make more clothes for Dodger after stealing a sewing machine and singing a song about working together. Tangerine sells the clothes and begins to prepare for a fashion show based on them. She meets the Kids and is repulsed by them, but realizes she can take advantage of their designs. The night of the fashion show, Tangerine locks the Kids in the basement of the antique shop so that they don\'t escape, and soon, they are captured by Juice and his gang who bring them to the State Home for the Ugly, a prison where people too ugly for society are brought and executed. People there include the "too fat" Santa Claus, the "too bald" Gandhi, and the "too tall" Abraham Lincoln. Captain Manzini and Dodger help them escape and head to the fashion show. The Garbage Pail Kids trash the fashion show and rip the clothes off the models, while Dodger gets in a fight with Juice. Later that night, Tangerine apologizes to Dodger and asks to be his friend, but Dodger doesn\'t accept her apology for her greed. Captain tries to sing the Garbage Pail Kids\' song backwards to coax them back into the garbage can, but the Kids sneak out and ride ATVs away. The story ends with a cliff hanger ending  which were originally meant to be solved in a proposed "Garbage Pail Kids" live-action TV series , which never materialized beyond the proposal stage.'] ['The film begins in a remote Hungarian military outpost, where orderly Morosgoványi Vendel lives a wretched existence of servitude beneath the heel of his lieutenant, Öreg Balatony Kálmán. Condemned to performing menial duties for the officer and his family while sleeping in an unheated shack next to the latrines, Morosgoványi frequently escapes into fantasy. So realistic are these fantasies that in one ambiguous instance, Morosgoványi sleeps with and impregnates the lieutenant\'s wife and "wakes up" to find himself engaged in an act of sodomy with a slaughtered pig. Upon seeing this, the lieutenant promptly executes Morosgoványi and raises the son, Balatony Kálmán, as his own. Decades later Kálmán has grown into a champion Hungarian speed eater. Coached and influenced by the strict Jenő, Kálmán\'s life revolves around training for the eventual day when the IOC recognizes speed-eating as a legitimate sport. After a bout of lockjaw at a Soviet event and eloping with fellow speed-eating champion Aczél Gizi, Kálmán resumes his rigorous training, even as Gizi gives birth to their son, Balatony Lajoska. Decades later, Lajoska has grown into a dedicated, professional taxidermist. In contrast to both his parents\' girth, Lajoska appears pale and impoverished, with a thin anemic frame and haunted visage. When not working from his taxidermy shop or failing in his attempts to lead a normal life, Lajoska purchases groceries for his father Kálmán, who has grown so monstrously obese that he cannot leave the chair in his claustrophobic apartment. Kálmán, who feeds butter to his caged cats, has nothing but harsh words for his son who, upon reaching his breaking point, abandons his father to his own prison. Returning later, he discovers that the cats have escaped their cages and, desiring meat, have eviscerated his father. Lajoska stuffs his father and the cats. With little left to live for, he locks himself in a homemade surgical harness and through the use of sedatives and painkillers, begins removing his own internal organs. Pumping his body full of preservatives and sewing himself up, he activates the machine that decapitates him, leaving behind a preserved statue. His body is displayed in an exhibit along with the cats and his father.'] ['The following fall semester after the happenings in The Naked Mile, Erik Stifler and his buddy Mike "Cooze" Coozeman are now incoming college freshmen at the University of Michigan. As soon as they arrive, Erik meets his new roommate Bobby, as well as a cute girl named Ashley taking a shower in the coed bathrooms. Soon enough, Erik\'s cousin, Dwight Stifler, invites Erik, Cooze, and Bobby to a Beta House party. They learn how they can gain eligibility to pledge for the Beta House fraternity and meet Wesley, who was initiated into the Beta house from his ability to black out real easy when he drinks. In the meantime, Erik and Ashley begin dating. On their first date, Erik accidentally gets hot soup poured all over himself, so Ashley brings him to her room to clean up. When she then goes to put lotion on Erik\'s burns, he accidentally ejaculates all over Ashley\'s things, including her teddy bear. Erik apologizes, and explains to Ashley about the masturbation incident that made sex "taboo" in his house a few months prior, and how he hasn\'t had sex since his ex-girlfriend Tracy broke up with him. At the same time, Cooze falls for Ashley\'s roommate, Denise. Unfortunately whenever Cooze tries to get intimate with Denise, she feels nervous about Cooze getting in her pants, but she\'s still willing to give Cooze handjobs. After talking with Erik, Bobby and Dwight about how Denise won\'t let him get into her pants yet gives him "the best handjobs he ever had", Cooze develops suspicions Denise might be a guy. But Dwight says the only way for Cooze to make sure is by getting into her pants. Alongside two other pledges, Erik, Cooze and Bobby complete 50 tasks to pledge, including getting their asses signed by a stripper, having sex with a professor, marrying a male friend in Canada, and placing a live ostrich in the Geek fraternity house. After they complete their final task, stealing something from the Geek house, the Geek\'s president, Edgar, challenges the Betas to the Greek Olympiad. Beta House alumni Noah Levenstein returns to campus to officiate the contest. The first competition is won by Beta House as Dwight and Edgar compete in removing girls\' bras. Beta House loses the next two competitions: a light saber duel and catching a greased pig. After learning that Edgar previously had sex with a sheep, the Betas use Edgar\'s wool fetish against him in the final challenge, ultimately costing him and his house the tournament. The Betas host a toga party, where Cooze, much to his relief, finally sleeps with Denise and all suspicions of her being a man are gone. The following morning, Wesley wakes up finally believing that his curse as the blackout menace is over, only to be confronted by the former Geek House bodybuilder. In a post-credits scene, Edgar instructs a stripper at Silver Dollar to dance with the headpiece of the sheep costume.<ref name10 December 2007|titleDVD|editionUniversal Pictures}}'] ['In 1962, college freshmen Lawrence "Larry" Kroger  and Kent Dorfman  seek to join a fraternity at Faber College. They visit the prestigious Omega Theta Pi House\'s invitational party but are not welcomed there. They then try next door at Delta Tau Chi House, where Kent\'s brother was once a member, making Kent a "legacy." There they find John "Bluto" Blutarsky  urinating outside the fraternity house. The Deltas "need the dues" so they permit Larry and Kent to pledge. They receive the fraternity names "Pinto"  and "Flounder" . Vernon Wormer , dean of Faber College, wants to remove the Delta fraternity from campus due to repeated conduct violations and low academic standing. Since they are already on probation, he puts the Deltas on something he calls "double secret probation" and orders the clean-cut, smug Omega president Greg Marmalard  to find a way to get rid of the Deltas permanently. Flounder is bullied by Omega member and ROTC cadet commander Doug Neidermeyer , so Bluto and Daniel Simpson "D-Day" Day  persuade Flounder to sneak Neidermeyer\'s horse into Dean Wormer\'s office late at night. They give him a gun and tell him to shoot it. Unbeknownst to Flounder, the gun is loaded with blanks. Unable to bring himself to kill the horse, he fires into the ceiling. The noise frightens the horse so much that it dies of a heart attack. In the cafeteria the next day, smooth-talking Eric "Otter" Stratton  tries to convince the stuck-up Mandy Pepperidge  to abandon her boyfriend, the uninterested Marmalard, and date him instead. Bluto proceeds to provoke Marmalard with his impression of a popping zit by stuffing his mouth with mashed potatoes and propelling it at Marmalard and table mates, Chip Diller  and Barbara "Babs" Jansen . Bluto then starts a food fight that engulfs the cafeteria. Bluto and D-Day steal the answers to an upcoming psychology test, but it turns out the Omegas planted the exam stencil and the Deltas get every answer wrong. Their grade-point averages drop so low that Wormer only needs one more incident to revoke the charter that allows them to remain on campus. To cheer themselves up, the Deltas organize a toga party, during which Otis Day and the Knights perform "Shout". The dean\'s alcoholic, lecherous wife, Marion , attends the party at Otter\'s invitation and has sex with him. Pinto hooks up with Clorette , a girl he met at the supermarket, and makes out with her only to learn she is the mayor\'s 13-year-old daughter. He later brings her home in a shopping cart. Due to the party, Wormer organizes a kangaroo court with the Omegas and revokes Delta\'s charter and all belongings are confiscated. To take their minds off their troubles, Otter, Donald "Boon" Schoenstein , Flounder and Pinto go on a road trip. Otter picks up some girls from Emily Dickinson College by pretending to be the fiancé of Fawn Liebowitz, a girl who recently died on campus. They stop at a roadhouse because Otis Day and the Knights are performing there, not realizing that it caters to an exclusively black clientele. The hulking patrons intimidate the guys and they flee, damaging Flounder\'s borrowed car and leaving their frightened dates behind. Boon breaks up with his girlfriend Katy  after discovering her sexual relationship with a professor . Marmalard is told that his girlfriend is having an affair with Otter, so he and other Omegas lure him to a motel and beat him up. The Deltas\' midterm grades are so poor that an ecstatic Wormer expels them all. He even notifies their draft boards of their eligibility. In the process, before Bluto attempts to speak to the dean, Wormer orders Flounder to speak with the words, "Well? Out with it!", whereupon Flounder vomits on the dean. It seems time for the Deltas to give up but Bluto, supported by the injured Otter, rouses them with an impassioned, historically inaccurate speech  and they decide to take revenge on Wormer and the Omegas. The Deltas construct a rogue parade float with Flounder\'s car as its base and wreak havoc on the annual homecoming parade. During the ensuing chaos, the futures of many of the main characters are revealed. The last shot of the film is of Bluto driving away in a white convertible with his soon-to-be wife: Mandy Pepperidge.'] ["The movie opens at a Los Angeles radio station, where Joe Dirt  works as a custodian and lives in a boiler room in the basement of the facility. When a producer at the radio station discovers Joe getting bullied in the hallway, the producer finds Joe's natural white trash demeanor too extravagant to be believed, and insists he be brought into the studio to talk live on the air with a famous disc jockey named Zander Kelly . Joe tells his life story, beginning with him being inadvertently left behind by his parents at the Grand Canyon when he was eight years old. After growing up in a series of bizarre foster homes, Joe finds himself living in the outskirts of the village of Silvertown where he pursues a love interest, Brandy . The local bully Robby  also has a crush on Brandy. After a bizarre twist of events leads to the death of Brandy's beloved dog, Charlie, a reflective Joe feels the need to seek out his parents. The search for his parents leads Joe on a series of adventures, meeting colorful characters like Kicking Wing the Native American fireworks salesman and Charlene the gator farm owner. All the while, he lives by working odd jobs. Parodying the lotion scene from The Silence of the Lambs, Joe narrowly escapes death when captured by Buffalo Bob ([[Brian Thompson . He then ends up in New Orleans where he works as a high school janitor/handyman with a former mobster in the Witness Protection Program, Clem . While Zander and the listening audience initially seek amusement at Joe's expense, his optimistic outlook on life and good-natured self deprecation lead to Zander and the audience falling in love with him. Eventually, Joe lands his janitorial job at the Los Angeles radio station where he recounts how, at one point, he decided to give up the search and return to Silvertown to be with Brandy. When he got there, Robby informed him that Brandy found Joe's parents, but instructed Robby not to tell Joe. Robby produced a note from Brandy to prove it. Hearing this, Zander insists on getting Brandy on the phone to find out why she did this. Brandy admits to writing the note to Robby. She did it because she wanted to tell Joe in person, but never had the opportunity. Brandy goes on to tell Joe that his parents were killed the day they were at the Grand Canyon and pleads with Joe to come back to Silvertown. Joe is unaware that recounting his story on the radio has won the hearts of listeners and made him an overnight media sensation. An appearance on TRL with Carson Daly results in a phone call from a woman claiming to be Joe's mother. Joe goes to meet her, but is disappointed to discover that his parents  are really just using Joe's publicity to help sell her homemade clown figurines, and that they intentionally abandoned him at the Grand Canyon. Angry and sad, he destroys the clown figurines and storms out, effectively cutting his ties with his parents. Depressed, Joe goes to a bridge to commit suicide, but Brandy appears and says that she had told Joe his parents were dead just to protect him when she found out what horrible people they were. A policeman on horseback lassoes Joe's legs with bungee jumping cord to stop him from jumping, in the process he inadvertently unbalances Joe causing him to fall off the bridge. The bungee cord saves Joe from the fall, but bouncing back upward, he hits his head on the underside of the bridge and is knocked unconscious. Joe wakes up in Brandy's house surrounded by Brandy and other friends he has met on his journey (Kicking Wing, Charlene and Clem . Brandy pays the impound lot to get Joe's Plymouth back and she has a new dog, who is the offspring of her deceased dog. Just as they get ready to drive away, Robby suddenly drives by and immediately taunts Joe, saying that no one wants him around in Silvertown, no matter how famous he is. Clem comes to Joe's defense and threatens Robby as Charlene taunts Robby's car. At that point, they all realize are like a family to each other . With his new family he rides off into the sunset, leaving a frustrated Robby in the dust, his car now damaged by the rocks Joe's car deflected from the ground."] ['The film follows the story of a group of rude and obnoxious seniors from Fairmont High, an Ohio high school. After a typing class, the seniors cut school and throw a party at the home of Principal Moss . When he returns home, he gives the class detention, forcing them to write a letter to the President of the United States, explaining what is wrong with the education system. Amazingly, the President enjoys it, and invites the class to Washington to discuss it. However, it is actually just a plot devised by a corrupt U.S. Senator to humiliate the President. Upon their journey, the class stops in a convenience store where Mark "Dags" D\'Agastino  and Reggie Barry ([[Rob Moore  lock Principal Moss in a flooded convenience store toilet so they can steal alcohol from the store. They are followed by Travis , a crazed Star Trek fan and crossing guard, who hitches a ride with an Asian family. While on their way, Principal Moss falls into a "coma" after taking pills given to him by Red , the bus driver and "Dope King". At this point, the students go on a rampage and throw another party, while Carla Morgan , the school slut, puts makeup on the sleeping Principal Moss. The next morning, the bus is pursued by both Travis and the police. Red suddenly dies, apparently from a drug overdose, and the bus nearly plows into a lake. Dags manages to stop it in time, but Travis\'s ride is not so lucky. In the confusion, Travis escapes. Arriving at Washington, a class photo taken at a cemetery goes wrong when Miosky ([[Eric Edwards  blows out Edgar Hoover\'s flame via fart lighting, catching Travis on fire in the process. That night, the seniors secretly lace a box of chocolates with tequila and give it to Miss Milford , subsequently leaving and going to a party at a hotel while Miss Milford seduces Principal Moss in a drunken stupor. In the process, Lisa Perkins , discovers the plot to use the students to embarrass the President. When Principal Moss and Miss Milford find the missing students the next morning, they are informed of the plot. The senator\'s agents subsequently kidnap Miosky and take him to the White House with the others in hot pursuit. When they arrive at the White House, the senator insults the seniors, but Principal Moss unexpectedly stands up for them. The senator\'s plot is ultimately exposed, and the seniors go home. The film ends with a montage of the characters and where they ended up after the events of the film.'] ['Underground actress Divine lives under the pseudonym "Babs Johnson" with her mentally ill, egg-loving mother Edie, delinquent son Crackers, and traveling companion Cotton. They all live together in a pink trailer on the outskirts of Phoenix, Maryland, in front of which can be found a pair of eponymous plastic pink flamingos. After learning that Divine has been named "the filthiest person alive" by a tabloid paper, jealous rivals Connie and Raymond Marble set out to destroy her career but come undone in the process. The Marbles run an "adoption clinic", which is actually a black market baby ring. They kidnap young women, have them impregnated by their homosexual manservant, Channing, and sell their babies to lesbian couples. The proceeds are used to finance a network of dealers selling heroin in inner-city elementary schools. Raymond also gets money by exposing himself  to unsuspecting women in a park and stealing their purses when they flee. The Marbles send a spy named Cookie in the guise of what Crackers thinks is a date. In one of the film\'s most infamous scenes, the two of them have sex while crushing a live chicken between them as Cotton looks on voyeuristically. Cookie then informs the Marbles about Babs\'s real identity, her whereabouts, and her family, as well as information about her upcoming birthday party. The Marbles send a box of human faeces to Divine as a birthday present with a card addressing her as "Fatso" and proclaiming themselves "The Filthiest People Alive". Worried her title has been seized, Divine proclaims whoever sent the package must die and her two associates agree. Meanwhile, at the Marbles, Channing dresses up as Connie and Raymond, wearing Connie\'s clothes and imitating their earlier overheard conversations. When the Marbles return home, they catch Channing imitating them and react with outrage, firing him and locking him in a closet until they can return from their chores and kick him out for good. The birthday party begins as the Marbles arrive to spy on it. Divine receives an assortment of gifts, including lice shampoo, a pig\'s head and an axe. Later on, they all witness a topless dancing woman with a snake and a contortionist who flexes his anal sphincter in rhythm to the song "Surfin\' Bird." One of the guests, the Egg Man, who delivers eggs to Edie daily, confesses his love for her and proposes marriage. She accepts his proposal and he carries Edie off in a wheelbarrow for a honeymoon around the egg industry. The Marbles, disgusted by the reveling, call the police, but this proves unsuccessful as Divine and the other party-goers kill the cops. Divine hacks up their bodies with the axe and the party goers eat them. After the party ends, Divine and Crackers head to the Marbles\' house  where they lick and rub everything in their house to spread their "filthiness", which excites them to the point of engaging in oral sex. Licking the furniture later causes it to "reject" the less filthy Marbles when they return home: when they try to sit down, the cushions fly up, throwing them to the floor. Divine and Crackers find Channing locked away, but they have no sympathy for him. Once they\'re in the dungeon, Divine and Crackers use a large knife to cut the bonds and free the two captive women, then hand over the knife. The women emasculate him offscreen. Meanwhile, Connie and Raymond burn Divine\'s beloved trailer to the ground. Afterwards, Crackers, Cotton, and Divine find the trailer reduced to flame and ash. This is the last straw for Divine, and soon after Connie and Raymond find that Channing has bled to death from his penis and the two girls are gone, Divine takes them hostage at gunpoint. She then calls the local tabloid media to witness the Marbles\' trial and execution, as she proclaims her belief in "filth politics": {{cquote}} Divine holds a "kangaroo court", asks Cotton and Crackers for their biased testimony, and sentences the bound and gagged Marbles to death for "first-degree stupidity" and "assholism". Divine sarcastically offers them the opportunity to speak on their own behalf, but they\'re of course gagged and they move straight to the execution. They tie the Marbles to a tree, coating them in tar and feathers. Divine then shoots them in the head and the media leave shortly afterward, satisfied with their scoop of a "live homicide". Divine, Crackers, and Cotton talk about where to base their seat of operations next and they enthusiastically decide to relocate to Boise, Idaho. The legendary ending opens as Crackers, Cotton, and Divine walk down the street, where they spot a dog and its owner. They look at the dog excitedly and hungrily for some reason. Then we see the dog defecates on the sidewalk, and Divine sits down next to it. She takes the faeces in her hand and puts it in her mouth, proving as the narrator states, she is "not only the filthiest person in the world, but is also the world\'s filthiest actress". She spits some of the faeces back off and grins.'] ['Penniless and straight out of the University of Iowa, Joe  moves to New York needing an apartment and a job. With the fortuitous death of Mrs. Grotowski, an artist named Walter Shit ([[Jim Turner  helps Joe to take over the last rent-controlled apartment in a building slated for demolition. If Senator Dougherty  can empty the building, he can make way for the prison he intends to build there, and uses thug Alberto Bianco  and his nephews, Vlad  and Jesus , to intimidate tenants. Joe discovers he has 20 to 30 thousand roommates, all of them talking, singing cockroaches grateful that a slob has moved in. Led by Ralph ([[Billy West , the sentient, tune-savvy insects scare away the thugs in an act of enlightened self-interest that endears them to their human meal ticket. Tired of living on handouts from Mom back in Iowa and after a series of dead-end jobs ruined by his well-intentioned six-legged roomies, Joe finds himself the unskilled drummer in Walter Shit’s band. Hanging posters for SHIT, he encounters Senator Dougherty’s daughter Lily  promoting her own project, a community garden to occupy the vacant site surrounding Joe’s building. A gift to Lily while working on her garden is enough to woo her back to Joe\'s apartment, where the cockroaches break a promise to keep out of his business and a panicked Lily flees, only to discover the garden she’d worked on has been burned to the ground. During a fight with his roommates over his spoiled romantic evening, the building suffers the same fate as the garden. A mutual truce between our hapless and now homeless roommates leads the cockroaches to "call in favors from every roach, rat and pigeon in New York City" to try to make amends to Joe. Overnight, the roaches scour New York to gather materials to convert the entire area into a garden and take care of all the necessary paperwork to ensure harmony reigns over all.'] ['{{Plot|dateSub-plotsLove TriangleRobert and LucilleThe Big OneSexcapadesDrug RunningThe ShowThe Elephant and the ChickenThe Climax While the live show is proceeding elsewhere, Heidi attempts suicide by hanging, but her weight breaks the chandelier from the ceiling and she falls through the floor. She makes her way to Bletch\'s machine gun and tries to kill herself, but at the last moment, Samantha shows up and taunts her. Heidi responds by killing Samantha. Meanwhile Wynyard, in a drugged stupor, tries to kill Robert before accidentally killing himself. Sebastian does his "Sodomy" number, while Heidi rampages over the entire set on a killing spree. She finally finds Bletch and pumps many rounds into him as well. Bletch lies to Heidi about loving her and orders Trevor to kill her. However, Robert swings in just in the nick of time to kick Trevor, saving Heidi. Heidi then literally blows Bletch\'s brain out. Realizing that she killed her love, she gives up her gun and sadly sings "Garden of Love", leading into the epilogue and the credits.'] ['After a surreal Rampage-esque dream, Beavis and Butt-head wake up to realize that someone has stolen their television. The pair then embark on a quest to replace it. After several mishaps involving searching for a television, they visit a low-quality motel that advertises "TVs in every room". There, they encounter Muddy Grimes, who is waiting for two hired hit men  to murder his wife, Dallas. Muddy, thinking that Beavis and Butt-head are the killers he has contacted, says that they must "do"  his wife. Thinking that by "do", Muddy means "score with", Butt-Head convinces Beavis that both of them can "score" as well as, they\'ll get paid and they can buy a new television. Muddy hands them a photograph of Dallas with instructions on where to find her. He then drives them to the airport to catch a plane to Las Vegas. After arriving in their Vegas casino where they are staying, the boys get arrested by security after being mistaken for trespassers and then they are taken to their rooms. Their room happens to be adjacent to the room of the hunted woman, Dallas Grimes and they accidentally burst in. Dallas soon realizes they have no idea what they have been hired for. While Beavis and Butt-head begin fighting over who will "do" Dallas first, the police arrive to arrest her. Thinking quickly, she plants a stolen biological weapon known as the "X-5 Unit" in Beavis\' pants in order to get rid of it. She then gets them tickets on a bus to Washington, D.C. instructing them that she will be waiting for them in the Capitol of the United States and will let them "do her" there. The stolen biological weapon attracts the attention of the ATF, headed by Agent Flemming who orders a body cavity search on everyone he encounters and in spite of his tough talk, relies on fellow Agent Bork\'s assistance virtually all the time. Flemming becomes convinced that the duo are criminal masterminds after they accidentally release the water behind Hoover Dam, cutting the power to Las Vegas. On the tour bus, they visit landmarks including the Grand Canyon and Yellowstone National Park. After becoming stranded in Petrified Forest National Park, they wander through the desert where they meet two men who are implied to be their fathers, but part ways before they can make the kinship connection. During the trek across the desert, they soon begin to die of dehydration. The next day, Beavis and Butt-head are found by Muddy, who plans to kill them after realizing they were not the hit men he hired. However, after hearing that Dallas is going to meet up with the duo in D.C, Muddy decides to take them the rest of the way in his trunk to hunt down Dallas. In the middle of I-81 in Virginia, Butt-Head opens the trunk with a car jack, and they escape by jumping onto the road, causing an 18-wheeler to swerve off the road, resulting in a huge, 400-car pileup. Beavis and Butt-head casually walk past the scene and get back on the tour bus, stopping at the United States Capitol Building before finally reaching the White House. Before Dallas can meet with Beavis and Butt-Head to recover the weapon, she is confronted in the parking garage by Muddy. Muddy and Dallas then briefly reconcile before they are arrested by the ATF while having sex in Muddy\'s car. Faced with the possibility of a 60-year jail sentence, Dallas betrays Muddy by saying that he hid the weapon "in some kid\'s pants" but she still gets the sentence. The ATF is dispatched to the White House due to Beavis and Butt-Head being there on the same day as the "Give Peace A Chance" conference. Beavis consumes caffeine pills , sugar and coffee while on the White House tour, then transforms into Cornholio. He wanders around the White House and picks up the red phone in the Oval Office, causing the military to go to DEFCON 4. Meanwhile, Butt-head wanders around the White House where he runs into Chelsea Clinton; his attempts at hitting on her lead to him being pushed out of a window where he is detained and cavity searched by ATF officers. Beavis leaves the White House and goes inside Mr. Anderson\'s trailer. Moments later, Anderson catches Beavis "whacking off" and angrily throws him out of the trailer. The ATF spots Beavis walking around the camper pants-less and confront him, thinking he has the weapon on him. They are just about to open fire when Anderson opens his camper door, telling Beavis to take his pants with him, which causes the ATF to go after the pants. The pants are ripped open, with the weapon flying out of them. The weapon, landing safely in Butt-Head\'s hand, is recovered; Butt-head simply hands it to Flemming. Blame for the incident is ultimately pinned on Anderson, who is arrested along with Dallas and Muddy. Agent Flemming informs Beavis and Butt-Head that their adventure will remain top secret. Beavis and Butthead are shown seeing President Bill Clinton, who then makes Beavis and Butt-head honorary ATF agents, and gives them a contract for unlimited alcohol and firearms. B&B return to Highland and find their TV in front of the motel. The film ends with them carrying their TV into the sunset while insulting each other, then Beavis suggests going to Anderson\'s toolshed to masturbate.'] ['{{Plot}} Jim Levenstein  asks girlfriend Michelle Flaherty  to marry him, following an embarrassing incident in a restaurant involving fellatio under the table. Michelle readily agrees. Kevin Myers  and Paul Finch  serve as groomsmen, while the \'MILF\' Guys - John and Justin  proclaim themselves as ushers. Unfortunately, the gang\'s obnoxious friend Steve Stifler  crashes the couple\'s engagement party. The gang tries to keep the wedding a secret from Stifler, fearing he might ruin everything but after he finds out about it, he instantly comes up with an idea to throw Jim a bachelor party. The wedding dress Michelle finally settles on after long hours of searching is made by only one designer working for one store, so the boys set out to find the dressmaker for her. They go to Chicago looking for "Leslie Sommers" and end up in a gay bar. Leslie  agrees to make the dress, with Bear, also offering to provide strippers for Jim\'s bachelor party. In the meantime, Michelle\'s younger sister, Cadence  flies in for the wedding. Both Finch and Stifler are attracted to her, and in an effort to win her over, they each adopt the other\'s personality and mannerisms. Jim is worried about dancing at the wedding, but salvation comes in the form of Stifler, who has taken dance lessons. Stifler agrees to teach Jim to dance on the condition he be allowed to attend the wedding and plan the bachelor party, with Stifler agreeing to tone down his obnoxious personality for Michelle\'s parents in exchange. In the meantime, Stifler arranges the party for everyone at Jim\'s house except Jim, who unknowingly has arranged a \'special dinner\' for Michelle\'s parents before the wedding to explain why he will be a good husband and finally win them over. Bear introduces the three to Fraulein Brandi  and Officer Krystal , who play submissive and dominant roles with them. The party is abruptly halted by the unexpected return of Jim, Harold and Mary. With assistance from Bear, who poses as a butler named "Mr. Belvedere", Jim nearly succeeds in keeping the activities a secret, until Michelle\'s mother opens a closet door and is shocked to find Kevin inside, stripped to his boxers and tied to a chair . The boys explain that it was an attempt to make Jim seem like a hero that went horribly wrong, and Michelle\'s parents accept this explanation, and tell him that if he puts that much effort into the upcoming marriage, she can give him her blessing. As the ceremony draws near, a series of mishaps occur, including Jim\'s grandmother being displeased that Michelle is not Jewish and Jim shaving his pubic hair, then disposing of it too close to a vent that causes it to be set loose all over the wedding cake. On the night before the wedding, Stifler inadvertently disrupts the walk-in refrigerator\'s power supply while retrieving a bottle of champagne, essentially turning it into an oven and killing the many flowers put together for the ceremony. Previously, Stifler, unaware of Cadence\'s presence, had revealed his true rude and obnoxious personality. Angered and stunned, Jim asks him to leave, and all the others, including Cadence, support Jim\'s decision. Feeling guilty for his thoughtless behavior, Stifler convinces the local florist to put together a new batch of flowers, and he enlists the help of his football players and Bear. As a gesture of remorse, he also gives a rose to Cadence, much to the amazement of Jim and Michelle. Moved by his actions, Cadence agrees to have sex with him before the ceremony, but Stifler\'s presence is delayed by a brief thank-you meeting Jim calls among his groomsmen, citing how he is grateful to have friends like them to back him up when he is in need. Quickly returning to the hotel, Stifler hears someone in the supply closet and steps inside, but due to the closet\'s poor lighting, it is only when he gets inadvertently walked in on that Stifler realizes he\'s actually having sex with Jim\'s grandmother, who was placed in the closet by John and Justin to stop her constant complaining. Despite the chaotic events leading up to it, Michelle and Jim eventually get married. At the reception, the newly married couple dances while Stifler dances with Cadence. Meanwhile, Finch is sitting by himself when Stifler\'s mom  arrives. Although agreeing they are over each other, Stifler\'s mom mentions having a double suite and invites Finch to join her. The film ends with John and Justin spying on Stifler\'s mom and Finch in her suite\'s couple-size bathtub, having sex.'] ['{{Plot}} Jimmy Livingston was born without an immune system and is forced to live in a sterilized dome in his bedroom, earning him the title "Bubble Boy" by his neighbors. Jimmy\'s devout, right-wing, Christian mother only exposes him to Highlights magazine and the Land of the Lost for entertainment. When he is a teenager, a girl named Chloe moves in next door. Jimmy is immediately taken with her, and eventually befriends her despite his mothers\' discouragement. One day, Chloe visits Jimmy and tells him that she is leaving for Niagara Falls to marry her boyfriend, Mark, in three days. Jimmy is upset by this revelation and they separate on bad terms. Later, Jimmy opens a gift Chloe had brought him, a homemade snow globe with the phrase I Love You written in it. Jimmy realizes that Chloe cares for him. Realizing how much he cares for her, Jimmy builds a mobile bubble suit and runs away from home, determined to stop the wedding. On the first day of his journey, he\'s unable to afford a bus ride to Niagara Falls, but is picked up by an overly enthusiastic cult on a pilgrimage towards enlightenment. But after Jimmy unintentionally offends the cult , he is marooned in the desert. By this time, Jimmy\'s mother has discovered her son missing, so she and her husband set off to find Jimmy. While traveling through the desert, Jimmy meets Slim, a biker with a flat tire. Jimmy offers to fix the flat with some patches and the two become friends. Elsewhere, Gil, the leader of the cult Jimmy met, has revealed their messiah is "the round one," and that whoever rejects him will suffer. The group who abandoned Jimmy regret their actions and set off to find him. Jimmy and Slim have traveled to Las Vegas in hopes of scoring enough money to get to Niagara Falls. However, Slim gets caught up in the Vegas life so Jimmy goes on without him. The cult runs into Slim in Vegas while asking for directions. Slim recognizes them from Jimmy\'s story and threatens them, only to have his bike destroyed by the cult bus. Enraged, Slim rallies a gang of bikers to get even. While riding a motor scooter he won in Vegas, Jimmy is recognized by his parents, but veers off the road and boards a train filled with circus freaks and conducted by their "owner," Dr. Phreak. Dr. Phreak finds Jimmy and announces that he\'s keeping him as an attraction of his circus. Jimmy refuses, knocking him unconscious, allowing the circus freaks to escape. Jimmy then wanders into a restaurant where an Indian man is being antagonized by the ignorant townspeople. When Jimmy tries to defend him, the townspeople begin to probe him about his suit, but panic and evacuate the restaurant when they misunderstand his illness. The sheriff locks him in the restaurant and quarantines it, unintentionally setting the building on fire. Luckily, Jimmy is saved by Pushpop, the Ice Cream & Curry truck driver he had defended earlier. He and Jimmy escape the town that now is in flames. Pushpop thanks Jimmy for his earlier kindness and agrees to take him to Niagara Falls. Meanwhile, Jimmy\'s parents have met up with Dr. Phreak, whom Jimmy\'s mother mistakes for a child and brings along with them. Elsewhere in Niagara Falls, Chloe is apprehensive about marrying Mark and can\'t stop thinking of Jimmy. Later, Pushpop accidentally runs over a cow and feels he must atone for his actions, unable to continue the journey. Jimmy sets off on foot and ends up in a small town in Illinois. Here he meets Pappy, a cab driver who agrees to take him to Niagara Falls for $500 dollars. To earn the money Jimmy goes into a Japanese casino nearby and enters a mud wrestling competition with two women for a convenient prize of $500. Jimmy eventually wins, but just as he is about to leave he runs into the cult again. Proclaiming him as their chosen one, they plan on "releasing" Jimmy from his bubble. Luckily, the freaks have followed Jimmy and realizing he\'s in danger, disguise themselves as members of the cult and trick them into believing they\'re mutating for their earlier crimes against Jimmy. During this commotion, Slim and his bikers arrive on the scene. The Bikers, the Freaks, and the Cult all begin fighting to "save" Jimmy in their own ways. In the confusion, Jimmy escapes in the Taxi. On the last day of his journey, Pappy and Jimmy have now arrived in New York, but Pappy is unresponsive, having apparently died behind the wheel overnight, forcing Jimmy to abandon the moving taxi before it crashes. Jimmy tries to call Chloe to tell her of his success, only to reach her fiancé Mark, who rudely convinces him that Chloe doesn\'t really love him. Jimmy becomes depressed at this assumed rejection and calls Dr. Phreak, ready to assume his role as a freak like the others. However, his parents overhear Dr. Phreak\'s conversation, and upon learning his location, dump Dr. Phreak out of their  car and rush to retrieve him. When his parents pick him up, Jimmy and his father are sitting alone in the car. His father  regrets that Jimmy is giving up when he is so close. Jimmy\'s father then looks the other way while Jimmy escapes to finish his mission. Upon his mother discovering this, they begin chasing him down in the car, but a biplane swoops down out of nowhere and picks Jimmy up. The pilot is Pappy\'s Brother, Pippy. Finally, Jimmy reaches Niagara Falls but falls out of the plane and into the Falls itself. Jimmy manages to escape the water and arrives just in time to stop the wedding. He then removes his bubble suit, allowing him to touch the girl he loves for the first time. Upon kissing her, Jimmy collapses and presumably dies in front of everyone in the church, as well as all the people who have been chasing after him  Jimmy\'s mother then  confesses that Jimmy had developed an immune system when he was four, revealing that he is not actually dead at all and Jimmy\'s perfectly fine, health-wise. Mrs. Livingston had hidden this fact from Jimmy to protect him from the "corrupting" world. Jimmy forgives her and resumes kissing Chloe. Finally, Jimmy and Chloe are married with all of Jimmy\'s new friends in attendance. Jimmy\'s mom  rides off with Slim and Jimmy\'s father. Pushpop has become the new leader of the former cult who are apparently now followers of Hinduism. Dr. Phreak has befriended his band of freaks. Pippy and Pappy , drive off with Jimmy and Chloe to their honeymoon.'] ["{{Plot}} The story starts out with the regular lives of three friends - Dave ([[Barry Watson , Adam , and Doofer  - who are head Social Committee in a frat house called KOK . The KOK are known for throwing heavy parties and socially discriminating the members of the sorority DOG  who regularly protest the actions of the KOK. The three are then falsely accused of stealing money from the fraternity, which goes towards the end of the year 'KOK-tail Cruise' at the end of the semester, which guarantees them a spot at a very high paying company no matter how low their IQ is. Dave and his friends are kicked out of the house as a result. The three realize that the proof they need to prove their innocence is on a video tape still in the KOK house. In order to infiltrate the house, the three follow Doofer's plan of dressing up as women  to get inside. They are however unsuccessful as someone else has moved into their room, one that develops a crush on Adina . Then they are thrown out of the house when they are mistaken for being members of 'DOG'. Thrown onto the DOG's doorstep, they are immediately accepted by the group for being 'plus-sized' girls. Since there is free room and board to those who pledge for the first semester at DOG, they decide to pledge to hide out for a while. While the boys deal with the hardships of being women, they are subjugated to all kinds of abuse from a fellow sorority, the 'Tri-Pis' . They also have to figure out a way of getting the tape back. While Adina  tries to seduce a fellow KOK brother Jimmy to get the tape, Daisy  is falling for the DOG president Leah. Daisy  and Leah meet on the first night when Daisy gets up in the middle of the night to take a shower thinking he/she will be alone and he can shower as a man. His/her relationship gets in the way of Adam/Adina's attempt to get the tape back. The DOG's end up on the KOK - Tail Cruise after they win the powder puff football game against the tri pi's which includes a ticket on the ship. While on the ship Dave/Daisy needs to get out of his/her dress so he can meet with John Claus and get a job in his company. While he/she is going to get out of his/her dress, he/she walks by Leah who asks Daisy to dance with her. During their dance, Leah tells Daisy that she knows it is hard for Daisy to accept a lesbian relationship and she says it is hard for her too, but she is willing to commit if Daisy is. They start kissing and then Daisy tells Leah that she has decided to move back to Minnesota. The movie reaches its climax when the guys' true identity are revealed to the KOKs and DOGs, before they reveal that they were indeed innocent of stealing the money and the perpetrator  is punished. The DOGs finally get revenge on the Tri-Pi's as well as the boys  get reinstated into KOK. Dave makes things up with Leah as Dave and not Daisy, and the KOK try to make themselves better men. Adam is instated as president, and many of the KOK guys are now dating the DOG girls while the Cruel Tri-Pi's are still floating out in the ocean in a raft they were put on when the DOG's kicked them off the KOK cruise.http://themoviespoiler.com/Spoilers/sororityboys.html"] ['Troma Entertainment co-founder and B-movie director and producer Lloyd Kaufman plays the Crap Keeper. He presents the viewers with two horror stories that contain gore, nudity, fat men, talking penises, lesbian scenes, vampires, UFOs, and appearances by porn star Ron Jeremy and the band New Found Glory. The film was purportedly shot over three years with six directors and close to fifteen writers.allmovie (('] ['In South Park, Colorado, Kenny McCormick, Kyle Broflovski, Eric Cartman and Stan Marsh are on their way to the local movie theater to see the new film Terrance and Phillip: Asses of Fire which stars the boys\' favorite Canadian comedy duo, Terrance and Phillip. The boys learn new words from the movie, which causes the other kids in town to see the picture. The kids of South Park Elementary School begin cursing in class, and Kyle, Cartman, Kenny and Stan are sent to Counselor Mackey\'s office, where he informs their parents. Learning that the language was from the movie, the parents force the teachers to abandon their previous lesson plans and run a rehab-like center{{dn}} for the kids to get them to stop swearing. After rehab, the boys and the rest of the children see the movie again. After Kenny dies as the result of lighting his fart on fire like in the movie , the boys are grounded, Kenny is sent to Hell where he meets Satan and Saddam Hussein who are gay lovers, the parents of South Park boycott Terrance and Phillip, and Sheila  has Terrance and Phillip arrested for corrupting the minds of America\'s children. As response to having the duo arrested, Canada strikes back by bombing the house of the Baldwin brothers, killing them. Cartman is implanted with a V-chip by Dr. Vosknocker which will shock Cartman every time he uses profanity. Stan is trying to win back a girl he likes, Wendy, who is hanging out with another boy named Gregory. Stan asks Chef for advice, and Chef tells him to find the clitoris, which is a word Stan does not recognize. Sheila and President Bill Clinton reveal on national news their plans to go to war with Canada in response to the killing of the Baldwins and to have Terrance and Phillip executed at a USO show. Meanwhile, Satan knows that the war is a sign to invade Earth, and if the blood of the two Canadians touches American soil, it will be time for him to rise up. Saddam wants to come with him, but Satan is tired of being bossed around by Saddam. Kenny tells Satan to break up with Saddam to which Satan initially agrees, but Saddam wins back Satan with a song. Kenny haunts Cartman as a ghost and tells him that Satan and Saddam Hussein plan to come to Earth and for Cartman to warn everybody. The boys have a secret meeting to talk about how they can save Terrance and Phillip. They form "La Resistance" and Gregory tells Stan to meet with a kid named The Mole to help them infiltrate the location of the USO show. La Resistance and The Mole infiltrate the USO show, but The Mole is killed by guard dogs. It is up to everyone else to save Terrance and Phillip and Cartman\'s V-Chip malfunctions due to a power surge. The kids save Terrance and Phillip, but the Canadians unexpectedly show up and a bloody battle ensues. Sheila shoots Terrance and Phillip which results in Satan and Saddam Hussein rising from the ground. The other moms decide to stop what they are doing, seeing as what they and their Mothers Against Canada organization started and head off to look for their sons. Stan finds the clitoris  in the woods who tells him to be confident in order to win back Wendy\'s love. Satan finally kills Saddam when he gets fed up with all the abuse and brings Kenny back from Hell, telling him can have any wish in exchange for encouraging him to kill Saddam. Kenny wishes for everything to return to the way it was before the War, which means he will remain dead. Kenny is sent to Heaven due to this act, the war has ended, the Canadians and Americans become friends again, and everything returns to normal. Back in South Park, Ike, still hiding in the attic, eats a rat in a post-credits scene'] ['In the stereotypical high school community of John Hughes High in Southern California, sexy Priscilla , a popular cheerleader, separates from her football star boyfriend, Jake Wyler ([[Chris Evans . After Jake discovers that Priscilla is now dating peculiar Les  just to spite him, one of Jake\'s friends, Austin , suggests seeking retribution by making Janey Briggs , a "uniquely rebellious girl", the prom queen. Jake attempts to court Janey\'s love, but faces adversity from his own sister, Catherine , who is sexually attracted to him; Janey’s unnoticed admirer and best friend, Ricky ; and memories from his past football career. Catherine eventually helps her brother by slightly altering Janey’s appearance , instantly making her drop dead gorgeous. Meanwhile, Janey\'s little brother, Mitch , and his friends, Ox  and Bruce , make a pact to lose their virginity by Graduation even though they are still in their Freshmen year. Mitch tries to impress his longtime crush, the beautiful yet perverted Amanda Becker  with a letter professing his love for her. Bruce says that he does not have a chance with her mockingly stating, "Keep dreaming!". As the prom draws near, Jake draws infamy among his peers after he fails to lead his football team to victory at the state championship game the year before. The situation is further worsened when Austin tricks Jake into telling Janey about his plan to spite Priscilla by pretending to whisper the secret bet in Janey\'s ear, causing her to immediately leave Jake. During prom night, Austin and Janey go together; a jealous Jake and Catherine have a dance off with Austin and Janey, with Catherine dancing in a sexual manner. Janey runs off crying. Meanwhile, Mitch and his friends are having a lousy time at the prom until Amanda Becker arrives and Mitch gives her the letter and Ox later hooks up with Catherine. Jake is awarded prom king and the principal reads out that the votes for prom queen are tied. Everyone thinks that it is between Janey and Priscilla, but they are shocked to find that Kara and Sara Fratelli , twins conjoined at the head, win prom queen. During the traditional prom king and queen dance, Janey supposedly left with Austin to go to a hotel. Jake goes to the hotel room where he finds Austin having wild sex with a girl but is shocked to find that it is Priscilla not Janey while the weird Les videotapes with his pants down supposedly having an erection, Austin tells Jake that Janey "ran home to her daddy". Jake angrily punches Austin and Priscilla for what they had done to Janey, then punches Les for "being really weird" ; afterwards he runs to Janey\'s house only to learn from her father  that she is going to Paris for art school. Jake arrives at the airport and confronts her before she can board the plane, and uses a plethora of clichéd lines from other movies (such as She\'s All That, Cruel Intentions, [[American Pie  to convince her to stay in America. His final  speech suggests they would be better off apart, but Janey mistakenly believes he is quoting The Karate Kid, and she decides to stay with him.'] ["Dave Goodwin , Sam Schecter , and Jeff Davis  are best friends who spent almost four years at Holden University scamming their way through college, and for the most part, get away with it. Just as they are about to graduate, their schemes are foiled by Ethan Dulles , the campus geek, after witnessing Dave cheating on an exam. Ethan threatens to expose the trio unless they try to hook him up with his dream girl, the beautiful Angela Patton . But things go wrong when Angela and Dave fall for each other. Ethan sabotages Dave and Angela's relationship by telling Angela that Dave paid to take her out. Dave convinces the guys to help him get revenage against Ethan. They sabotage his job interview and place a copy of the final exam in his backpack to make it look like he's cheating. In end the guys  get expelled, but Dave and Angela get back together and Sam ends up in relationship with Angela's roommate, Reanna Cass ."] ["Transylmania is a story of a group of not-too-bright American college kids on a semester abroad at the only college that would accept them: The Razvan University. This movie is a Spoof horror in which a group of college kids do a semester abroad in Romania and realise that if the partying doesn't kill them, the vampires just might.Transylmania Red Band Trailer Offers Lots of Naughty"] ['The film opens with Katie  and Becca  meeting a gruesome, supernatural death seven days after watching a cursed videotape ([[The Ring . They die when the TV turns on by itself. In a farm outside Washington D.C., a widowed farmer and former reverend, Tom Logan  and his clumsy brother George  are walking through the farmfields when they discover a crop circle ([[Signs . The "circle" is part of a large arrow carved into the crops which point at the Logan house and spells out "ATTACK HERE". Since the previous film, the gang have all gone their separate ways. In Washington, Cindy Campbell , now an anchorwoman, announces the crop circles on the news and afterwards has an argument with her boss. He only wants stories featuring sex, violence and the weather. She later picks up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody  from school, where her best friend Brenda Meeks  now works as a teacher and is no longer dating Ray Wilkins . George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue, who is in the same class. George and Cindy are instantly smitten and he invites Cindy and Brenda to a rap-battle with his rapper friends Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart  ([[8 Mile . Later that evening, George competes proves to actually be quite talented. But due to some unintentional racist blunders, he is thrown out. Following the battle, Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company, since she watched the cursed videotape herself. After playing several pranks on Cindy, she gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge and is killed by the undead girl, Tabitha , who emerges from the set. George receives a phone call about the death and Tom meets with Sayaman, who apologises for the accident involving himself and Tom\'s wife Annie . During Brenda\'s wake, George and Mahalik wreak havoc on Brenda\'s corpse trying to bring her back to life. Cindy decides to watch the tape for herself and is also cursed. She calls George, CJ and Mahalik for help. CJ offers that his Aunt Shaneequa, might be able to help. Aunt Shaneequa , the Matrix The Oracle, and her husband Orpheus  agree to watch the tape. Shaneequa discovers the hidden image of a lighthouse, which Cindy must find to solve the mystery. When Cindy returns home, she finds that Cody watched the tape, condemning him to certain death. Back at work, Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses, before finding the one from the tape. Desperate to save Cody\'s life, Cindy tries to warn everyone by entering a message into the news anchor\'s teleprompter, but she is interrupted by her boss and a janitor. The Logans hear the message and take it seriously since they encountered an alien disguised as Michael Jackson, and President Baxter Harris , who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles. Cindy ventures to the lighthouse, where she encounters The Architect . The loquacious  old man explains the story behind the killer tape. Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter, whom his wife drowned in the farm\'s well, but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape. Unfortunately, he mistook the evil tape for a copy of Pootie Tang and returned it to Blockbuster Inc. instead, unleashing the curse. Returning home, Cindy discovers that her station has been broadcasting the evil tape for hours, and there have been various sightings of aliens around the world. Worse, Cody is missing. Cindy manages to track him back to the Logan farm, where he has taken refuge with George. Tom orders everybody into the basement for safety, as he, George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials. The aliens  arrive, but reveal that they are in fact friendly and have come to stop Tabitha, since they accidentally watched the tape on a broadcast they had intercepted, thinking it was Pootie Tang. In the basement, Cindy realizes that the farm\'s cellar is what is seen on the tape and she finds the well where Tabitha was drowned under the cellar floor. Suddenly, Tabitha appears behind her. A short fight ensues, during which Tabitha takes Cody hostage. Cindy and George appeal to her, offering her a place in their family. Tabitha appears to accept the offer, and Cindy replies with "Really?" but Tabitha also replies with "Nah I\'m just screwing with you." and advances to Cindy and the others, but is accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris. The aliens leave in peace, and Cindy and George get married. Leaving for their honeymoon, they realize they forget to take Cody with them, and the boy gets hit by a car while chasing them down the road.'] ['The main character, a thirty-something surfer named Brice, lives for one thing: the perfect wave to surf, despite the fact that Nice lies on a completely waveless bay on the Mediterranean Sea. While waiting, he uses his rich father\'s money to throw outrageous parties and develop hilarious insults, as well as worship the film Point Break. When his father is arrested for money laundering, however, things change: Brice\'s life comes crashing down around him, and after failing to hold down a job, he soon finds himself attempting bank robbery. He lands in hospital after the failed robbery attempt, and runs away from there with the guy whose scooter he hijacked while escaping the bank. The two become friends. Stealing Brice\'s father\'s lawyer\'s wife\'s truck, the two cross France to the Atlantic coast to attend a world surfing championship at Hossegor. With $100,000 in prize money, winning the tournament seems the only chance for the two to help themselves: Brice needs the money to support his lavish lifestyle, while his friend needs it for an operation in his mind. Brice "talks the talk, but doesn\'t walk the walk", and, predictably, fails at the surf competition. Though all seems lost, the two eventually find success of a sort: Brice surfs his perfect wave, while his friend sets off to travel the world with his newfound love.'] ['Frank Detorre , a widowed slovenly zookeeper in Rhode Island\'s Sucat Memorial Zoo is upset of his young daughter, Shane . He eats compulsively unhealthily and has no regard for germs or disease. While trying to eat a hard-boiled egg with mayonnaise and salt before a chimpanzee drops it in its filth, Frank picks it up and disgustingly eats it and uses the "ten second rule" as a justification for the unsanitary act. Inside Frank\'s body, Osmosis "Ozzy" Jones , an agent of the FPD, is a funny, adventure-seeking white blood cell and a rebel cop, frequently disobeying authority to do what he thinks is right. He grew up poor on the "South Side" of Frank and is often mocked by his fellow cops due to his rebellious nature. He has been relocated to the mouth to fight against germs entering the body via ingestion after he induced Frank to vomit all over Shane\'s teacher, Mrs. Boyd, which was considered a false alarm because he had been the only one to suspect an incoming pathological threat. After several newcomer germs, believed to be gingivitis, hijack a "squad car" there, Ozzy and his senior partner, who is piloting their helicopter, are pulled into the lungs by a massive yawn while in pursuit. After the germs evade capture and pass into "Immunity\'s" jurisdiction, Ozzy disobeys direct orders and continues the pursuit on foot. The germs escape and Ozzy accidentally triggers a major cramp in Frank\'s leg. Meanwhile, as Frank\'s saliva cells work in the mouth to clear out the egg, a virus named Thrax emerges and goes to the left armpit to recruit some sweat germs for his big plan to launch a deadly infection with posing as a common cold while plotting something bigger. Meanwhile, Mayor Phlegmming is preparing for re-election, campaigning with the promise of more junk food and a trip to Buffalo, New York. His reckless policies are largely responsible for Frank\'s deteriorating health. In an attempt to cover up the severity of situation, Phlegmming "tells" Frank to take a cold-suppressant pill which nicknamed Drix , arrives in the body and covers Frank\'s infected throat with a disinfectant to soothe the irritation. Ozzy is assigned as Drix\'s partner, much to his chagrin. In the nose, Thrax starts his plan by flooding the nose with snot after Jones accidentally let a pollen ball get away. Back at Cerebellum Hall, the mayor threatens to send Jones down the next nosebleed if he can\'t keep quiet about a virus in the body. While Drix is offered a different partner, he decides to stay with Ozzy who has bad times and discovers why. Years ago, Frank ate some oysters off a kid\'s project at his daughter\'s science fair. Jones saw some remaining bacteria emerge, but feeling there wasn\'t time to call for back up, he instead hit the "puke" button. The results were bad: Frank lost his job, the teacher he puked on issued a 200-yard restraining order, and Osmosis got suspended and has been placed on out-of-the-way patrols ever since. Drix says that Jones was justified in his decision as oysters are a breeding ground for dangerous bacteria of any type. They later learn from a reformed Influenza germ that Thrax is more dangerous than the average germ. His current whereabouts are a zit on the forehead. Posing as germs, Ozzy and Drix enter and discover Thrax\'s plot to overheat Frank\'s body, killing him from the inside. He wants to become the nastiest new virus, attempting to kill each new victim faster than the previous. His plan for Frank\'s death within 48 hours, breaking all of his previous records. Ozzy and Drix confront him in The Zit, where Ozzy launches a grenade of medication at him and his cronies, popping the skin blemish, killing nearly all of his men, and seemingly ending his siege. Frank, meanwhile, tries to persuade Mrs. Boyd to lift the restraining order so he can go on a school camping trip with Shane, but the zit pops onto her lip, making her refusal official. Back at the precinct, Phlegmming argues with Ozzy and Drix who are fired and ordered to leave Frank\'s body, respectively. Thrax survives the explosion and, after killing off his remaining henchman for suggesting they lay low until they recruit help in larger number, decides to launch a lone assault on Frank\'s hypothalamus gland  by disabling its self-regulative capabilities. Arriving there, he uses his virus infecting finger to destroy the protoplasmic barrier around it, and retrieve a DNA bead. Soon after, Leah Estrogen, the mayor\'s less-oblivious secretary and Ozzy\'s love interest, discovers his work and alerts security. He manages to evade them; taking Leah hostage and escaping from the brain to the mouth. At the same time, Ozzy, in a movie theater showing dreams from the brain, discovers that Thrax is alive and in the brain when the screen colors turn a feverish red, and the dream he\'s watching becomes a nightmare with everyone laughing at Frank. He rushes to stop Drix from leaving the body and manages to convince him to help stop Thrax once and for all. Meanwhile, the temperature continues to rise, causing destruction all over the City of Frank. Frank is taken to the hospital under the influence of Thrax\'s attack. Ozzy and Drix rescue Leah and confront him, who leaves Frank\'s mouth after causing confusion using pollen bombs. Ozzy is launched out after him by Drix. They fight for the DNA chain on one of Shane\'s eyes and end up in her false eyelashes, which she was wearing atop her natural ones. During the fight, Thrax threatens to break his own record by killing off Shane, but Osmosis causes him to get stuck on the false eyelash and escapes onto Shane\'s eye while Thrax falls into a vessel of alcohol below, where he dissolves. During this time, the situation becomes even more dangerous when the temperature hits 108 degrees, causing Frank to go into cardiac arrest. Just as doctors give up, he is revived when Ozzy returns to him via one of Shane\'s tears with the chain that holds Frank\'s missing hypothalamus chromosome. Ozzy is reinstated into the "Immunity Force" with full privileges, he and Drix are declared heroes with the Chief of Police  rehiring him, and Leah tells Ozzy that she loves him. Drix is allowed to stay in Frank\'s body with him. . Sometime later, Frank and Shane spend some long needed father-daughter time together on a hike. Frank has also since begun to improve his diet and personal hygiene. Meanwhile, Phlegmming has lost his position as mayor and now has a new job, cleaning the bowels as a janitor. He accidentally ejects himself from the body via the rectum by touching a button that is marked "DO NOT TOUCH!" which triggers flatulence. To this, Frank makes a joke on his health by saying, "Out with the old, in with the new."'] ['Van Wilder  is an outgoing, friendly, and extremely popular student who has been at Coolidge College for seven years. For the past six semesters, he has made no effort to graduate, instead spending his time organizing parties and fundraisers, doing charity work, helping other students, and posing for figure drawing classes. But after seven years, with no return on his investment, Van\'s father  decides it is time to cut his losses and stops paying Van\'s tuition. Meanwhile, Gwen Pearson , a star reporter for the student newspaper, is asked to do an article on Van. It proves to be so popular that she is asked to write a follow-up article for the front page of the graduation issue. Although that would be a big win, she is rather put off when Van interprets her attempts to schedule interviews as romantic advances&mdash;when she already has a boyfriend, Richard Bagg , who happens to be the president of the student union and the leader of a fraternity. He takes personal offense at Van\'s attempts to steal his girlfriend, and becomes very stressed out at having to deal with this burden on top of preparing for medical school and leading the Delta Iota Kappa  fraternity. Subsequently, a rivalry develops between the two men. The rivalry grows as they perform increasingly disgusting pranks on each other. For instance, one scene involves Richard inviting Van over to a dinner with him and Gwen\'s family to prove a point about Van\'s lackadaisical attitude towards life  In one infamous scene, Van and his friends replace the cream inside some pastries with dog semen and send them to Richard\'s fraternity, where the frat brothers begin eating and do not realize what it really is until it is too late. At one point, Richard has intercourse with another woman from a sister sorority, which would be the final straw for Gwen later on. Richard also sets up Van at one of his own parties in which there are some  underage drinkers and reports it to the police, which leads to Van almost being expelled. However, Van proposes an alternative punishment: that the school force him to complete a semester\'s worth of work in the six days remaining, and then graduate. The committee agrees to this by a three-to-two decision. Gwen is impressed that Van is taking the initiative to get his life together. She then learns of Richard\'s setting up of Van, as well as his infidelity, and decides to take retribution. On the morning of Richard\'s MCAT and interview with Northwestern Medical School, Gwen laces his ritualistic protein shake with a powerful laxative. Since there are no bathroom breaks allowed during the test, Richard rushes through the 2-hour exam in 20 minutes, "dialing down the middle" towards the end and disgusting the other test-takers with frequent farting. Afterwards, just as he reaches the bathroom, he unexpectedly runs into the medical school interview committee. They pull him aside into an office to begin the interview and Richard ends up defecating explosively into a trash can right in front of them. He is briefly seen again in the film, reading Gwen\'s article in the school paper in the bathroom . Meanwhile, Van does well on his finals and celebrates his graduation with Gwen. A subplot depicts the saga of Taj Mahal Badalandabad , an Indian foreign exchange student who is accepted  to be Van\'s personal assistant. The main reason for his application for this position, Taj explains, is he wants to have sex with an American girl before he goes home. He meets a girl named Naomi , and Van pushes Taj to go for her  but Taj accidentally sets himself on fire with massage oil. At the end of the film, Taj meets another Indian girl, and it seems like they are going to hit it off.'] ['Reuben Feffer , an insurance risk assessment expert, is celebrating his honeymoon with newlywed wife, Lisa Kramer , on the island of St. Barts but catches her having sex with Claude , a French scuba instructor. Returning home to New York, he attempts to piece his life back together. Reuben goes to an art gallery with his friend, Sandy Lyle , where he runs into former junior high school classmate Polly Prince . Reuben and Polly begin dating, with her introducing him to activities he once wrote off as "too risky," such as eating at a Moroccan restaurant and salsa dancing, which culminates with the pair enthusiastically sleeping together, with Reuben shouting "50" as he orgasms. The contrast between their two personalities is a source of comedy throughout the film until Lisa returns and tells him she wants to reconcile their relationship. Reuben is torn between the free-spirited Polly and the safe and familiar Lisa. To solve this issue he enters information about Polly and Lisa into a computer insurance program which measures risk. The computer tells him that, despite his numerous blunders with her, Polly is the best choice for him. Polly joins Reuben on a sailing trip he\'s going in order to inspect Leland Van Lew , a high risk client, but gets offended when she sees his risk analysis of herself and rejects his proposal to move in together, telling him that he\'d be better off going back to Lisa. Back home, Reuben tries talking to Polly but to no avail. He eventually invites Lisa to Sandy\'s opening show, where he learns that Polly is leaving New York in a few hours. After a speech given by his father, Irving , to Sandy, Reuben realizes he wants to be with Polly and not Lisa, and he rushes to her apartment to stop her from leaving. Polly is not convinced she should stay with him, so Reuben eats food off the ground to prove he is capable of taking risks. The movie ends with Reuben and Polly on the beach where he and Lisa had their honeymoon at the beginning of the film. Reuben again encounters Claude, but instead of being angry he thanks Claude, and then heads into the water with Polly.'] ["Set in the seedy parts of New York City, Killer Condom follows gay Detective Luigi Mackeroni , who has been hired to investigate a series of bizarre attacks at the Hotel Quickie in which male guests have all had their penises mysteriously bitten off. While at the crime scene, he enlists the services of a gigolo named Billy and invites him up to the crime room. Before the two men engage in sex, a carnivorous living condom interrupts them and bites off Mackeroni's right testicle. Now on a personal vendetta, Mackeroni begins his lone quest to not only bring a stop to the rash of condom attacks, but also face his true feelings toward Billy the gigolo."] 