['The film is a meditation on catastrophe, contextualised through the literary modes of religion and science fiction. The prologue of the quotation is followed by thirteen sections, denoted by numbered title cards: "A Capital City", "The War", "After the Battle", "Finds from Torture Chambers", "Satan\'s National Park", "Childhood", "And a Smoke Arose like a Smoke from a Furnace", "A Pilgrimage", "Dinosaurs on the Go", "Protuberances", "The Drying Up of the Source", "Life Without the Fire" and "I am so tired of sighing; Lord, let it be night". Herzog intended to alienate the audience from images to which they had become inured from saturated news coverage, and thereby to "penetrate deeper than CNN ever could". truck-mounted shots as in Fata Morgana, static shots of the workers near the oil fires, and many helicopter shots of the bleak landscape. Herzog remarked that "the film has not a single frame that can be recognised as our planet, and yet we know it must have been shot here". The narrative stance is detached, bemused; Herzog makes no effort to explain the actual causes of the catastrophic scenes, but interprets them in epic terms with, vaunting rhetoric to accompany the Wagnerian score. A climactic scene involves the workers, shortly after succeeding in stopping the fires, re-igniting the flow of oil. The narration asks, "Has life without fire become unbearable for them?"'] ['The film opens with an Iraqi Regular Army soldier trying to surrender as U.S. troops mop up loose ends following the end of the Gulf War. U.S. Army Reserve Sergeant First Class Troy Barlow  shoots him in the confusion over how to handle stray soldiers, earning him the admiration of his bumbling comrades, Private First Class Conrad Vig  and Specialist Walter Wogeman . Boisterous celebrations continue into the night, until Staff Sergeant Chief Elgin  breaks up the party. Around the corner, Major Archie Gates , a U.S. Army Special Forces soldier, is trading sex for stories with a journalist, Cathy Daitch , when he is interrupted by Adriana Cruz , the television reporter he is assigned to escort. They are all bored since the war has ended and Archie is lectured when he expresses frustration with the mission and his cushy assignment, but grudgingly agrees to go along for the time being. The next day Troy and his unit disarm and search surrendering Iraqi soldiers, and while forcibly subduing a resisting Iraqi officer they find a document between his buttock cheeks. It appears to be a map, and Troy decides not to tell his commanding officer, instead asking Chief Elgin for help translating his "Iraqi ass map" as Vig looks on. Walter is guarding the tent when Major Gates appears, after tracking down a lead from Adriana. Archie convinces them that the document is a map of Saddam\'s bunkers, containing gold bullion stolen from Kuwait. They decide to steal the gold and set off the next day. Using the cease-fire orders from President Bush, the trio of Americans enter and secure the bunkers without any bloodshed. There, among other goods plundered from Kuwait, they find the gold, and stumble on the interrogation of an Iraqi rebel leader. As they are leaving the man\'s wife pleads with them not to abandon the dissidents still fighting against Saddam, but she is summarily shot by the Iraqi Republican Guard, and Archie decides they can\'t just "grab the gold and go." They free a group of Iraqi prisoners, including the dissident rebel leader, violating the cease-fire and triggering a firefight. They pull out just as Iraqi reinforcements arrive, and as they try to evade a mustard gas  attack the Americans blunder into a minefield and get separated. Iraqi soldiers capture Troy and a group of rebels rescue the remaining Americans and take them to their underground hideout, retrieving the bags containing the gold as they go. There, Conrad, Chief and Archie agree to help the rebels and their families reach the Iranian border, after they rescue Troy. Troy has been taken back to the bunker, and when he is thrown in a room full of Kuwaiti cell phones, he manages to call his wife back home and tells her to report his location to his local Army Reserve unit. His call is cut short when he is dragged to the same interrogation room where they found the rebel leader. Electrical wires are placed around his ears, and the Iraqi intelligence officer, Captain Saïd , explains that he learned interrogation techniques from the Americans and berates him about the hypocrisy of American involvement in the region. Troy is subjected to several electric shocks, and is finally forced to drink motor oil by Saïd, who lost his family during the American bombing of Baghdad. The Americans with the rebels go to a band of Iraqi Army deserters, who are persuaded to sell them luxury cars stolen from Kuwait. The cars are outfitted as Saddam\'s entourage, in a ruse to scare away the bunker\'s defenders, pretending that an enraged Saddam is coming to kill them for losing the gold. After storming the bunker they free Troy, who spares the life of his torturer, as well as more Shi\'ite dissidents held in a dungeon. But a few of the soldiers who ran away return, and Conrad and Troy are shot. Conrad dies but Troy survives with a punctured lung, requiring a flutter valve in his chest to relieve pressure so he can breathe until they reach a hospital. Archie radios Walter, arranging transport and telling him to bring Adriana, while the hapless officers in camp try to locate the trio after getting the message from Troy\'s wife. Each of the rebels is given a bar of gold and the rest is buried as they wait for the transport to arrive. The convoy goes to the Iranian border, where the three Americans will escort the rebels across to protect them from the Iraqi soldiers guarding the crossing. But the American officers arrive in helicopters and stop the group, arresting the trio while the rebels are recaptured. Archie, Troy and Chief nod to each other, and Archie proffers the buried gold to the American officers in exchange for letting the refugees through. All of the soldiers are cleared of the charges thanks to Adriana Cruz\'s reporting. Archie and Chief go to work as military advisers to action films, and Troy returns to his wife and baby, running his own carpet store. The stolen gold was returned to Kuwait, although they claimed that some was missing.'] ['Lieutenant Colonel Nathaniel Serling  was involved in a friendly fire incident in Al Bathra during the Gulf War. He was an M1 Abrams tank battalion commander who, during the nighttime confusion of Iraqi tanks infiltrating his unit\'s lines, gave the order to fire, destroying one of his own tanks and killing his friend Captain Boylar. The details were covered up , and Serling was shuffled off to a desk job. Later, he is assigned to determine if Army Captain Karen Emma Walden  should be the first woman to receive  the Medal of Honor for valor in combat. A Medevac Huey commander, she was sent to rescue the crew of a Black Hawk that had been shot down. Finding them under heavy fire from an Iraqi tank and infantry, her men dropped an auxiliary fuel bladder on the tank and ignited it with a flare gun. Shortly after, her helicopter was also hit and downed. The two crews were unable to join forces. The survivors were rescued the next day, but Walden had been killed. At first, everything seems to be straightforward, but Serling begins to notice inconsistencies between the testimonies of the witnesses. Walden\'s co-pilot, Warrant Officer One A. Rady , praises Walden\'s character and performance, but was hit and rendered unconscious early on. Serling then sees Walden\'s medic, Specialist Ilario , who also praises Walden; by his account, Walden was the one who came up with the idea of the improvised incendiary. Staff Sergeant Monfriez , however, tells Serling that Walden was a coward and that he was responsible for destroying the tank. The members of the other downed crew mention that they heard the distinctive sound of an M16 being used in the firefight during the rescue around the other helicopter, but Walden\'s crew denies firing one during the rescue, as theirs was out of ammunition. When Serling visits Walden\'s crew chief, Sergeant Altameyer , who is dying of cancer in a hospital, Altameyer manages to get some words out, further confusing Serling, before self-medicating himself into unconsciousness. Under pressure from the White House and his commander, Brigadier General Hershberg , to wrap things up quickly, Serling leaks the story to newspaper reporter Tony Gartner  to prevent another cover up. When Serling puts pressure on Monfriez during a car ride, Monfriez forces him to get out of the vehicle at gunpoint, then commits suicide by driving into an oncoming train. After finding an AWOL Ilario, Serling discovers that Monfriez wanted to escape under cover of darkness, which would have meant leaving Rady behind. Altameyer was ready to follow his lead and Ilario was wavering, but Walden refused to go along, resulting in an armed standoff with Monfriez. When an Iraqi infantryman appeared suddenly behind Monfriez, Walden fired at him. Mistakenly believing he was the target, Monfriez shot back and seriously wounded her. Walden, however, regained control of her men. The next morning, Walden stayed behind to cover their evacuation, firing the M16. Monfriez deliberately lied to the rescuers, telling them that she was dead so she would be left behind. Altameyer, injured and unable to say anything but "no!", was ignored. Ilario remains silent, as A-10s napalm the wreckage. Serling presents his final report to Hershberg. Walden\'s young daughter receives the Medal of Honor in a White House ceremony. Later, Serling tearfully tells the Boylars the truth about the manner of their son\'s death and they forgive him for his role in it. In the last moments of the film, it is shown that Walden had transported Boylar\'s body away from the battlefield.'] ['On August 2, 1990, with Iraqi forces and tanks roll into Kuwait City, as the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait begins. In Atlanta, CNN picks Robert Wiener  and his crew to go to Baghdad and cover the invasion. At Rome International Airport, Wiener meets his colleague and producer Ingrid Formanek . Wiener and his crew arrive in Baghdad on August 23, and stay at the Al-Rasheed Hotel. As they settle in their hotel rooms, they notice that they are being monitored. The crew report their first story on a young British boy held as a hostage by Saddam Hussein . As they continue to report stories, they get pressured by the Iraqi government. Wiener later meets the Iraqi Minister of Information Naji Al Hadithi , and requests pieces of equipment and an interview with Hussein. As the movie goes on, Wiener and Al Hadithi become friends. Wiener and his crew get access to interview Americans forced to stay in the country by the Iraqi government. The Iraqis use the American hostages as human shields for potential bombing sites. After Wiener\'s crew interview an American named Bob Vinton , Vinton goes missing. Wiener becomes worried about Vinton. Later, Al Hadithi gives CBS and Dan Rather the Saddam Hussein interview. Instead of the Hussein interview, Al Hadithi gives Wiener and his crew a trip to Kuwait. They arrive in Jahra Air Force Base, Kuwait on October 17. The crew cover the incubator story in three hospitals, but then Iraqis call off the interviews because the CNN crew broke some ground rules. As soon as they arrive back in Baghdad, Wiener and the crew become the story as the only Americans to be in Kuwait. After an argument between Wiener and Al Hadithi, Al Hadithi agrees to give CNN a Saddam Hussein interview. On October 29, Bernard Shaw  and the CNN crew interview Saddam Hussein at one of his presidential palaces. In the interview, Hussein states that Iraq withdrawing from Kuwait would be like the U.S. withdrawing from Hawaii. The crew then covers the release of American hostages from Iraq. Wiener then finds Bob Vinton and is emotionally moved by his being safe. The United Nations gives Iraq until January 15, 1991 to withdraw from Kuwait, or face military action. As the deadline comes to an end the crew sees that the Iraqi Army is installing anti-aircraft guns in Baghdad. The crew then gets a piece of equipment called the four-wire, which gives them communications to CNN in Atlanta. The four-wire is essentially a direct phone line to their CNN facility in Jordan. From that point it can hit the satellite above and then go to Atlanta, CNN headquarters. The Iraqis eventually find out that the crew have established communication with Atlanta. The CNN crew is the only foreign news group with the four wire. On January 9, the crew eventually believe that there will be war. Bernard Shaw arrives in Baghdad again on January 13 to interview Saddam Hussein again at the deadline. As soon as the deadline expires, streets in Baghdad are empty and businesses are shut down. Americans and foreign news groups begin evacuating Baghdad on January 15 in fear of American bombing strikes. Wiener decides to stay, and some members of the crew decide to leave. At around 3 a.m. on January 17, U.S. F-117 Nighthawk Stealth Fighters begin to bomb Baghdad. Iraqi soldiers begin to fire anti-aircraft guns into the sky to shoot down the bombers. As soon as the bombing strikes begin, CNN correspondents Bernard Shaw , John Holliman  and Peter Arnett  begin to report and describe the bombings on the four-wire communicator. The reports are broadcasted live on CNN in America. The film shows the points of view from Saddam Hussein and U.S. President George H. W. Bush watching the CNN reports. It also intersperses actual archival footage of news anchors from rival networks, having to report off CNN\'s live feed, since CNN was the only news source transmitting during the bombing of Bagdad. Other archival footage is of Dick Cheney, during a news conference as Bush\'s Defense Secretary, stating "The best coverage I\'ve seen of what transpired in Baghdad was on CNN", and NBC News anchor Tom Brokaw stating, "CNN used to be called the little network that could. It\'s no longer a little network." At around 5 a.m., the crew is forced to stop reporting by Al Hadithi and Iraqi soldiers. Most of the crew leaves Baghdad, including Formanek and Shaw. Wiener stays, returning to America on January 23. The film ended showing the destruction of buildings from bombings in Baghdad.'] ['In 1989, Anthony Swofford  is being trained in a U.S. Marine Corps boot camp by the choleric, hard-boiled Drill Instructor Fitch ([[Scott MacDonald . After finishing boot camp, "Swoff" is dispatched to Camp Pendleton. Swoff then explains how he tried to fit into civilian life. He thought about going to college but he instead joins \'shows\' some highlights of his life including taking a \'dump\' and \'studying\'  with his girlfriend; who later cheats on him. Swofford finds boot camp tough as he struggles through making friends and living day to day. He then writes "fuck it" on a light billboard with large letters before the movie cuts to him sitting in the head. In the head trying to be "sick" , is slipped food under the door before he is approached by Staff Sergeant Sykes , a Marine "lifer" who invites Swofford to his Scout Sniper course. After arduous training sessions that claim the life of one candidate, Swofford is one of the 8 remaining from the original 60 candidates and is selected to be trained as a sniper and paired with his roommate Troy , who becomes Swofford\'s spotter. During all of this Swoff is put through his paces and learns a variety of sniper techniques. Although he first thinks of it as a joke, he starts to fall in love with the idea of getting to kill someone. Shortly after, Kuwait is invaded by Iraq and Swofford\'s unit is dispatched to the Persian Gulf as a part of Operation Desert Shield. Although the Marines are very eager to see combat action, they are forced to hydrate, wait, patrol the nearby area and adjust themselves to the arid environment. A main technique suggested for boredom and loneliness is masturbation. During the waiting period the "wall of shame" is shown and as Swoff is looking at it a fellow Marine  teases Swoff that its only a matter of time before Swoff\'s girl is up there. This greatly plays on Swoff\'s mind throughout his deployment. During an impromptu Christmas party thrown by Swofford, who has obtained unauthorized alcohol, Fergus , a member of Swofford\'s unit, accidentally sets fire to a tent and a crate of flares. Swofford gets the blame because he was supposed to be on watch but had Fergus sit in for him. As a consequence, Swofford is demoted from Lance Corporal  to Private  and is forced to undertake the degrading task of burning "diesel fuel" . The punishments, the heat and the boredom, combined with suspicions of his girlfriend\'s infidelity and feelings of isolation, temporarily drive Swofford to the point of mental breakdown. He threatens and nearly shoots fellow Marine Fergus then turns the weapon on himself and demands the traumatized Fergus to shoot him. When Fergus refuses Swofford leaves the tent. After the long stand in the desert, Operation Desert Storm, the coalition force\'s ground campaign, begins. The Marines are dispatched to the Saudi-Kuwaiti border. Briefly before the action begins, Swofford learns from Sykes that Troy concealed his criminal record when enlisting and will be discharged after the end of hostilities. Troy begins to keep distant from his fellow Marines. Knowing that Troy will never be allowed to re-enlist, the Marines brand him with a hot USMC iron, marking him as one of their own. Following an accidental air attack from friendly forces, the Marines advance through the desert, facing no enemies on the ground. The troops march through the Highway of Death, strewn with the burnt vehicles and charred bodies of retreating Iraqi soldiers, the aftermath of a U.S. bombing campaign. Later, the Marines suddenly catch sight of distant burning oil wells, lit only moments before by the retreating Iraqis, and they attempt to dig sleeping holes as a rain of crude oil falls from the sky. Before they can finish them, Sykes orders the squad to move to where the wind prevents the oil from raining on them. Swofford and Troy are finally given a combat mission. Their order is to shoot two high-ranking officers in Saddam\'s Republican Guard, holed up at a nearby airfield. At the last second before Swofford takes the shot, a high-ranking US officer interrupts them to call in an air strike. Swofford and Troy vehemently protest but they are overruled and later watch as the planes destroy the Iraqi airfield. On returning home the troops parade through the towns in a jovial celebration of victory. Swofford returns home to his family and girlfriend, but discovers her with a new boyfriend. Fowler is seen to be with a prostitute in a bar, Kruger  in a corporate boardroom, Escobar  as a supermarket employee, Cortez  as a father of three kids, and Sykes continuing his service as a First Sergeant in Operation Iraqi Freedom. An unspecified amount of time later Swofford learns of Troy\'s death  during a surprise visit from Fergus. He attends the funeral, meets some of his old friends, and afterwards he reminisces about the effects of the war.'] 