["The film opens with a parody of The Exorcist, during which teenager Megan Voorhees  becomes possessed by the spirit of Hugh Kane, the previous owner of the House. Two priests, Father McFeely  and Father Harris  attempt to drive Hugh's ghost out, but the exorcism does not go as planned, resulting in a chain of vomiting and various instances of near-pedophilia. Finally, McFeely responds to an insult towards his mother by shooting Megan. One year later, Cindy Campbell , Brenda Meeks , Ray Wilkins , and Shorty Meeks  are at college, trying to live new lives following the events of the previous film . Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a socially maladjusted girl, Alex . Ray, still confused about his sexuality, has two new male friends, Tommy  and Buddy . Shorty is still the same stoner he was before. A lecherous teacher, Professor Oldman  and his paraplegic assistant, Dwight Hartman , plan to study the paranormal activity at a local haunted mansion called Hell House using the clueless teens. Meanwhile, Buddy's advances are spurned by Cindy, who is recovering from her previous relationship. Leading to a scene in which Buddy gives Cindy a wedgie. When Cindy is the first to arrive at Hell House, she encounters a vulgar parrot , and the caretaker, Hanson , who has a malformed hand. Before coming to Hell House, she was in her car listening to Vitamin C's Graduation  and she sings along. Annoyed by Cindy's terrible singing, Vitamin C's voice curses at her and tells her to let her sing. Cindy shuts up and Vitamin C continues singing. Later that evening, the group, including sexy newcomer Theo , sit down for dinner. Unfortunately, everybody loses their appetite due to Hanson's repulsive antics. In the night, Cindy hears voices directing her to a secret room, where she and Buddy discover a treasure chest containing the diary of the wife of the house's dead owner, Hugh Kane. They also find an old portrait of the wife and note Cindy's resemblance to her—Buddy also points out several flaws in Cindy's appearance. Meanwhile, many of the teens fall victim to violent attacks. Cindy gets involved in a fist fight with the house cat, Mr. Kittles. A toy clown attempts to kill Ray — but thanks to some quick thinking, Ray perversely turns the tables and rapes the clown. A weed-monster turns Shorty into a joint and tries to smoke him — fortunately, the plant gets distracted by munchies and lets him escape. The ghost of Hugh Kane  has sex with Alex in her bedroom, yet departs in the morning when Alex expresses her interest in becoming the new Mrs. Kane. Oldman is seduced and killed the disfigured ghost of the murdered mistress. Shorty later encounters the same ghost, yet he seduces her instead. After Dwight equips the teens with weapons that can injure their spectral enemy, they are pursued throughout the mansion. Buddy and Cindy get locked in the refrigerator. Thinking that Buddy is dying from an encounter with the ghost, Cindy gives him a handjob. The couple then escape the room following a convoluted deus ex machina, in which Cindy uses a collection of random objects in the room to somehow produce a Caterpillar tractor, which she drives through the wall. Hanson himself gets possessed by Kane. Cindy, Brenda, and Theo team up to fight him in a parody of Charlie's Angels, but wind up defeated. Eventually, Dwight and the teens regroup, and agree to use Cindy as bait to lure Kane into a device that will destroy him. The plan succeeds, freeing the group from the house's curse. Two months later, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship and go out for a walk. However, Buddy disappears without notice when Cindy discovers Hanson at the hot dog stand. As Cindy backs away in fear, Hanson pursues her — and gets struck by a car driven by Shorty, distracted by a blowjob from the ghost of the mistress."] ['Tom Witzky  is a phone lineman living in a working-class neighborhood in Chicago with his pregnant wife Maggie  and his son Jake , who possesses the ability to commune with the dead. At a party one evening, Tom challenges Maggie\'s sister Lisa , a believer in paranormal activity and psychic telepathy, to hypnotize him. After putting him under, Lisa plants a post-hypnotic suggestion in Tom urging him to "be more open-minded." Tom then begins experiencing visions of a violent scuffle involving a girl who he later learns is Samantha Kozac , a 17 year-old that disappeared from the neighborhood six months prior. While Tom and Maggie attend a high school football game, Jake is overheard by his babysitter, Debbie Kozac , as he speaks with Samantha. Debbie gets upset and snatches Jake, running off with him in the night. Meanwhile, Tom senses Jake is in danger and rushes home but finds him gone. Tom then sees strange flashes of red light that eventually leads him to the \'L\' station where Debbie is speaking with her mother about Jake. When Tom and Maggie confront her, Debbie angrily questions them about her sister Samantha, explaining that she had an intellectual disability; having the mental capacity of an 8 year-old and thus, a child\'s tendency to trust strangers. Tom denies knowing her to Debbie, but admits to Maggie that she\'s the girl in his visions. Tom becomes obsessed with Samantha and begins probing members of the community about her disappearance. This attracts the attention of his landlord Harry Damon , Tom\'s friend, Frank McCarthy  and their respective sons Kurt Damon  and Adam McCarthy , who all dismiss Samantha as a runaway teen. During an afternoon walk, Jake and Maggie encounter a policeman named Neil  who immediately recognizes Jake\'s unique talent and invites Tom to a private gathering of like-minded people to learn more about it. Maggie withholds her conversation with Neil from Tom and goes to the meeting herself where Neil tells her the spirit that contacted Tom has asked for something and will continue to get upset if it doesn\'t get done. As predicted, Samantha begins plaguing Tom, eventually leading to his insomnia. He goes back to Lisa demanding she undo what she did, but when she hypnotizes him he\'s told by the spirit to dig. Tom complies and begins digging holes in the backyard and eventually tears up the house in a desperate attempt to appease Samantha. While Maggie and Jake attend her grandmother\'s wake at a relative\'s house, Tom inadvertently knocks down a shoddy brick wall in the basement and discovers Samantha\'s decomposed remains wrapped in a plastic sheet. He receives a vision showing him that before his family moved in, Adam and Kurt lured Samantha into the house to rape her. When she resisted, they unintentionally suffocated her and hid her body. Tom brings Frank back to the basement to disclose to him the crime and Frank breaks down and admits that Adam and Kurt had already confided their secret to him and Harry. Frank pulls out a gun and demands to be alone, and as Tom leaves the basement he hears a single shot and assumes Frank committed suicide. Harry and Kurt suddenly show up and Harry, in his capacity as landlord, voices displeasure with the torn up house. They corner Tom with the intention of killing him to silence him, but Maggie arrives back home and Harry takes her hostage. Frank suddenly emerges from the basement and shoots both Kurt and Harry in order to save Tom and Maggie. Tom then notices Samantha\'s spirit putting on her glasses and coat, and smiling as she walks down the road and disappears. Afterwards, the family packs up a U-Haul and moves out of the house. Meanwhile, Samantha\'s mother and sister are finally able to give her a proper funeral and burial. Tom and Maggie smile happily as they drive away but Jake, however, tries to cover his ears to drown out the sound of the overlapping voices in his head.'] ['The plot is taken from the novel of the same name by Straub, but greatly changes and simplifies it. In a small New England town, four elderly friends form what they call the Chowder Society, an informal club where they regale each other with scary stories. Membership in the club, in fact, requires that one present such a story. The four friends are Ricky Hawthorne, a business owner, Sears James, a Lawyer, along with Dr. John Jaffrey and Edward Charles Wanderley, the Mayor. When Edward\'s son, David, living in New York, falls from a window after the girl he\'s sleeping with turns suddenly into a demon, Edward grieves. His other son, Don, a college professor who\'s fallen on hard times, shows up in town, not getting a great reception from Edward, who always preferred the other, more ambitious son. But now the four elderly gentlemen are unsettled and have nightmares. Clearly, something is bothering them. Edward becomes so distraught that he wanders across a bridge in the snow. When he sees the same female apparition that caused his son to fall to his death, Edward, too, falls to his death from the bridge. Although his death is ruled a suicide, his son Don and Edward\'s three remaining elderly friends doubt it. Don approaches the remaining three friends, requests membership in their group and offers up a bizarre "ghost" story of his own. Don\'s flashback: A few years earlier, Don, then a promising junior professor, meets Alma, a beautiful if mysterious secretary who had come to work for the university. They immediately become involved in a torrid sexual affair that causes him to miss work and earn the scorn of the Dean who previously championed him. But Don finds a strange coldness about Alma, and he drops her. Later, he hears from his brother David that he has met the same girl in New York and intends to marry her. Don warns his brother that she\'s trouble, but to no avail. And indeed, Don suspects she caused his fatal fall from the building as seen earlier. In the present, the elderly friends react to Don\'s story. Sears discounts it, but Ricky believes him. Elderly Dr. John Jaffrey, after having a nightmare about the same woman, Alma, dies of a heart attack. This leaves only Sears and Ricky. Thus, they finally tell Don their own strange history with a woman who looked exactly like Alma. Their flashback: Back when the four friends were young, the beautiful Eva Galli came to town, and, indeed, it\'s obvious that she\'s the same person as Alma in the present. The four friends are smitten with Eva, who encourages their sexual interest. It was Young Edward  who first took her to bed, but he was impotent with her. Outside her house, the other three friends serenaded Eva in hopes of catching a glimpse of her when a shirtless Edward came to the window instead, giving the impression that he did sleep with her. Edward left with his friends, and the four became very drunk, discussing Eva\'s prowess in the bedroom. They returned to her house, where all but Sears danced with her. When it was proposed that they leave, Sears suggestively insisted on getting his dance, to which she pointedly responded that she intended to dance with all of them. She confronted Edward about what he had told his friends, then was about to tell them the truth when Young Edward leaped to silence her, knocking her down, accidentally smashing her head into the stone fireplace. Horrified, the young men believed that the unresponsive Eva was dead. They considered calling the police, but realized it would only mean wrecking their lives. Instead, they loaded her body into her car, then pushed it into the nearby lake. As the car descends, Eva stirred inside, looking out at them from the back window, screaming and hammering at the glass as the car sank beneath the surface, taking her with it. Back in the present, Ricky and Sears admit that the death has haunted them all these years. Whereas Sears is dubious, both Ricky and Don believe that Alma and Eva are one and the same and that her ghost has returned to seek revenge. Don suggests they go to Eva\'s old house, now in ruins, to confront the past and her ghost once and for all. They go there, but Don falls on the rotting stairs and breaks his leg. Sears leaves in his car to seek help, leaving Don and Ricky behind. While driving through the snowstorm, Sears comes upon Eva\'s apparition. He slams on the brakes, and swerves to the side of the road. He survives, but is attacked by one of Eva\'s accomplices, Fenny Bate, and is presumably killed. Ricky nearly dies at the hands of Eva\'s other accomplice, Gregory Bate, but Ricky stabs him and escapes to get to the authorities, telling them to pull Eva\'s car up from the lake to reveal her body inside. This is intercut with Don, who confronts the rotting specter of Alma/Eva. Ricky and the authorities drag out the ancient car, wrenching open the rusted, corroded door, the un-dead rotting corpse of Eva lunges into view. It falls to the ground and begins to disintegrate before their eyes. Don is spared from her vengeance and the town is restored to peace.'] ['A mysterious criminal by the name of "The Bat" eludes police and then finally announces his retirement to the country, while a wealthy Cornelia Van Gorder takes up residence in the estate of a famous banker. Along with her maid Lizzie, her niece Dale, and a bank teller disguised as a gardener, she is terrorized by a series of strange events seemingly set in motion by the mysterious bat. Possible suspects include a doctor, an elderly police lieutenant, a butler, a handyman, and a big-city cop.'] ["A 13-year-old boy named Billy runs from home as his parents forget his birthday. Making his way through thick woods, he encounters a drifter who is violently slashed to death after Billy leaves. Billy stumbles on an old mansion where a room is decorated for birthday celebrations. Thinking it is a surprise by his parents, he opens a present to discover a severed head. Running away, he is attacked by the drifter's killer, a cat-like human with a hook on one hand, and subsequently buried alive. Meanwhile, a group of teenagers and some older adults come across the mansion intending to have a party, believing the mansion to be abandoned. However, a sorcerer named Kreon resides there, keeping watch over his bride who he has kept preserved for over 70 years using an unrevealed method, but it is known that he needs human victims in order to do it. He possesses one of teenagers in the group to use a Ouija board and summons a variety of monsters to pick off the group one by one. These include farting mud-men, small reptilian demons, giant spiders, an arachnid woman, an octopus-like creature with electric tentacles, a skeletal witch, a Grim Reaper statue, a vampiric boy in a monk's habit, and a large group of zombies. Eventually, the entire group is killed by the monsters and Kreon hopes to preserve his bride for longer, but she escapes by killing him and trying to outrun the zombie horde around the mansion. The bride eventually is saved by a man who drives her away in his car. Kreon regenerates out of a coffin as it is revealed the man in the car is actually the cat-like creature with the hook hand. The camera pans on Kreon's laughing face and the credits roll."] ['Carpathia, 1851: Elvira and her maidservant Zou Zou , on their way to a can-can revue in Paris, get kicked out of an inn for a slight monetary discrepancy. She is rescued by a local who takes her to stay at the castle in the hills high above the village. The fact that she happens to resemble the count\'s  former "missing" wife opens a can of worms for the two.'] ['The Danvers State Hospital has been closed since 1985. Gordon Fleming  is the owner of The Hazmat Elimination Company, a small asbestos removal company. When he hears that the hospital needs asbestos removed, he makes a bid to remove it, as he is in desperate need of money. He is also a new father, and the stress of work and parenthood have been causing problems between him and his wife, Wendy. Gordon\'s team is small, but eclectic. Mike  is a law school dropout, who knows the most about the asylum in the group. Phil  is filled with bitterness after losing his long-time girlfriend to Hank , another team member. Because of this, Phil has taken up smoking marijuana. Jeff, Gordon\'s nephew , is the youngest member, and suffers from severe nyctophobia. Mike discovers a box marked "Evidence" in a tunnel. Inside, he finds a collection of nine taped sessions with former patient number 444, a 37-year-old named Mary Hobbes from 1974. He listens and becomes increasingly engrossed in the interviews, which detail her dissociative identity disorder . Two of Hobbes\' personalities are harmless and childlike. They all refer to another personality named Simon, someone they don\'t want to talk about. Throughout the sessions, it is revealed that something terrible happened involving a knife and a china doll when she was fourteen during Christmas 1951 in Lowell, Massachusetts. Gordon opens up to Phil and admits that he hit Wendy after she accidentally spilled a pot of boiling water on him. He is extremely depressed, frequently talking to his wife on his cell phone, asking her forgiveness. Meanwhile, Hank finds a stash of old coins and other valuable items that have been left in a tunnel since the asylum closed. He returns one night to steal the artifacts, among which he finds an orbitoclast. He follows sounds and finds an empty peanut butter jar, the same as the kind Gordon brought home the first night. Terrified, Hank tries to run out of the tunnels, when he is attacked by an unseen assailant and disappears. Gordon begins to suspect that Phil may have murdered him. Hank, however, is soon found by Jeff. Gordon goes with Jeff to investigate but Hank is gone when they arrive. The coworkers split up to find Hank. One by one, they become lost in the huge asylum and are slowly ambushed by an unseen attacker. Meanwhile, the recording of the final session with patient 444, session 9, is heard. Simon, the evil personality, finally speaks. He reveals that when she was a child, Mary, encouraged by Simon, murdered her brother after he scared her. He had previously caused her to severely injure herself by falling over onto her china doll. She then proceeded to kill the rest of her family. A flashback reveals that, after his initial inspection of the hospital, Gordon went home, and when his wife spilled the boiling water on him, he did not slap her as he told Phil, but in fact murdered her and his daughter, at Simon\'s encouragement. He then proceeded to murder all of his colleagues in succession (committing the murders in a [[dissociation . Gordon, talking into his broken cell phone, starts crying and apologizing to his wife. In the final scene, the doctor asks: "And where do you live, Simon?" Simon replies, "I live in the weak and the wounded, Doc."'] ["In 1840, in the rural and wooded hillside region of Kushiata near Kyoto, Japan, a samurai, named Shigero, comes home to find his wife, Otami, in bed with another man, named Masanori. In a violent scene, Shigero kills them both and then himself. Flash-forward to the present day, an American family of three, whom includes writer Ted Fletcher, his wife Laura, and their 12-year-old daughter, Amy, moves into this since-abandoned house and starts to experience incidents of haunting and possession. The three murdered people still haunt the house and subject each of the Fletcher family to various harassment and mischief which gets more frequent and serious with each passing day. A Zen monk approaches Ted and tells him the story about the murders and urges him to leave the house. At the same time, Laura slowly becomes consumed by the evil presence of the three ghosts and begins an affair with Alex Curtis, a diplomat friend of Ted's whom introduced them to the house. The evil presence within the haunted house, including the ghosts briefly possessing each member of the family to do odd things, reveals that the ghosts are plotting to re-enact the mass murder-suicide so their souls could be free from the confines of the house. The supernatural incidents becomes more frequently when Ted is nearly drowned in a lake by Otami's ghost, and the ghosts of Shigero and Masanori take the form of giant spider crabs which attack Amy one evening and it leads her to falling from a tree when she tries to escape and is forced to be sent back to America. At the climax, Ted calls the Zen monk who exorcises the ghosts from the house and tells them to leave by the morning or the ghosts will return. When Laura tells Ted about her infidelity with Alex, he predictably takes it very badly and attacks her in which Alex arrives leading to the ghosts returning to the house where they possess all three of them and finally re-enact the gory confrontation from the opening leading to the deaths of Alex, Laura, and Ted, just as the ghosts planned. The end result has the three ghosts leaving the house for the afterlife... and implying that the souls of Ted, Laura and Alex now haunt the cursed house in their place."] ['Dr. Joyce Reardon, an unorthodox university psychology professor, leads a team of psychics to the massive and antiquated Seattle mansion known as Rose Red in an attempt to record data which would constitute scientific proof of paranormal phenomena. The mansion is publicly thought to be haunted, as at least 23 people have either disappeared or died there and the interior of the house appears to change or increase in size. Reardon\'s team unleashes the spirit of the house, leading to several deaths and the revelation of the mansion\'s secrets.  According to information revealed at various points in the miniseries, Rose Red was built in 1906 by wealthy oilman John Rimbauer for his wife, Ellen. Rimbauer used much of his wealth to build the mansion, which was in the Tudor-Gothic style and situated on {{convert}} of woodland in the heart of Seattle on the site of a Native American burial ground. The house was rumored to be cursed even as it was being constructed; three construction workers were killed on the site, and a construction foreman was murdered by a co-worker. While honeymooning in Africa, Ellen Rimbauer fell ill  and made the acquaintance of Sukeena, a local tribeswoman. The two women became very close while Sukeena nursed Ellen back to health, and Sukeena accompanied the Rimbauers back to the newly-completed Rose Red. The Rimbauers had two children, Adam and April , but Ellen quickly became unhappy with her marriage to her philandering and neglectful husband. Deaths and mysterious disappearances became more commonplace at the house. One of John Rimbauer\'s friends died of a bee sting in the solarium, while his business partner  hung himself in front of Rimbauer\'s children. Six-year-old April also disappeared in the house, and Sukeena was tortured by the police after being suspected of her murder. John Rimbauer appeared to commit suicide by throwing himself from an upper window . Ellen and Sukeena continued to live in the house after John Rimbauer\'s death. After a spiritualist seance, Ellen came to believe that if she continued to build and expand the house, she would never die . Ellen used nearly all of her dead husband\'s fortune to continually add to the home over the next several decades, enlarging it significantly. The mysterious disappearances continued to occur, however, and both Ellen Rimbauer and Sukeena eventually disappeared in Rose Red. For several years after Ellen\'s disappearance, only servants occupied Rose Red. Adam Rimbauer, who inherited the house, lived there for a short time with his wife. However, he abandoned Rose Red after witnessing several paranormal events. After his death and with the family fortune spent away, his wife sold off many of the home\'s antique furnishings, and generated some income by permitting the fictional "Seattle Historical Society" to give tours of the house. These tours ceased in 1972, after a participant disappeared while on a tour of the mansion. Investigations for paranormal phenomena were conducted on the property in the 1960s and 1970s. But these also ended, and the house fell into disrepair. The miniseries begins in the year 2001. Steven Rimbauer, the great grandson of John and Ellen Rimbauer, has inherited Rose Red. He has been offered a substantial sum of money to have the house torn down and the site developed into condominiums. But he is intrigued by the paranormal history of the house, and has agreed to allow one more investigation of the mansion.  The miniseries opens with a prologue set in 1991. The young autistic girl Annie Wheaton  is drawing a picture of a house as her parents and older sister, Rachel , argue outside her room. As she draws lines down over the house in her picture, rocks fall through the roof of an identical house belonging to an elderly couple down the street whose dog had bitten Annie, severely damaging the building. The setting now switches to 2001. Dr. Joyce Reardon  is a professor at the fictional Seattle State University who teaches classes on psychic phenomena. Kevin Bollinger , a reporter for the campus newspaper, skeptically questions her about a trip she will be taking to Rose Red, an ostensibly haunted and abandoned mansion in nearby Seattle. Professor Carl Miller , Joyce\'s departmental chair who questions the validity of Joyce\'s research, orders Bollinger to follow Reardon and spy on a meeting with the group of psychics she is taking to Rose Red. The group includes Victor "Vic" Kandinsky , an elderly precognate with heart disease; Pam Asbury , a young psychometric; Cathy Kramer , a middle-aged automatic writer; Nick Hardaway , a telepath with remote viewing capabilities; and Emery Waterman , a young post-cognate. The group meets with Steven Rimbauer , the last descendent of Ellen  and John Rimbauer , in an auditorium at the college. Bollinger takes a photo of the group joining hands in a circle, and the photo and an article ridiculing Reardon are published in the campus newspaper. Dr. Miller takes Bollinger to Rose Red and drops him off, instructing him to obtain additional embarrassing photos once the group of psychics arrives. Kevin is greeted by Sukeena  at the front door, who tells him that he is expected. Not realizing she is a ghost, Bollinger enters the mansion. He becomes trapped in the solarium, where he is pulled off-screen by an unseen force. The back-stories of psychics Emery Waterman and Annie Wheaton are introduced. Emery Waterman is a rude, sarcastic, and obnoxious young man under the control of his domineering mother, Kay Waterman . The audience learns that Rachel Wheaton now cares for Annie Wheaton, who rarely speaks and who refers to Rachel as "Sister." The audience also learns that Dr. Reardon is having a sexual affair with Steven Rimbauer, although the film remains unclear whether she loves him or is merely using him to gain access to Rose Red.  Joyce and the group of psychics  arrive at Rose Red. The team tours the mansion. Joyce and Steven point out that the home contains many optical illusions as well as an upside-down room and a library with a mirrored floor. The team finds Bollinger\'s cell phone, and Steven calls Miller to confront him over his attempt to discredit the group. That night, Emery sees the ghost of an actress that disappeared from the house decades earlier; Pam dreams of the decomposing body of Kevin Bollinger; the Wheaton sisters are visited by a ghost under the bed and in the closet; and Cathy sees something moving under the carpet and her blankets. Later in the night, Pam is lured outside into the garden. The next morning, Dr. Miller receives a mysterious voicemail message from Steven saying that Bollinger slit his wrists and wrote Miller\'s name in his blood before expiring. He goes to the mansion to learn more. Kay Waterman, too, has driven to the mansion after being unable to reach her son via cell phone. The two arrive simultaneously, and their cars collide in the driveway when Mrs. Waterman swerves to avoid what she believes to be a figure running across the road. Terrified, Mrs. Waterman begins to run through the forest on the grounds of the mansion while calling for her son. Miller, wanting to get her insurance information, pursues her. Inside Rose Red, Emery hears his mother\'s cries but dismisses them as an auditory illusion created by the haunted house. On the other side of the house, Pam leads Vic into the garden toward a pond with a statue of Ellen in it. She suddenly disappears. When Vic looks down into the pond, he sees what he believes to be Pam\'s dead body. He attempts to pull her out of the water, but the body vanishes and he is left clutching only her nightgown. He panics and runs back toward the house. Looking back, he sees the statue come to life and has a heart attack. Vic tries to draw the attention of Emery , but Emery again believes this to be an apparition and refuses to open the window. Nick arrives and tries to open the window, but it will not open and the glass cannot be broken. Vic collapses and dies in full view of Emery and Nick. Out in the woods, Mrs. Waterman is stopped and knocked unconscious by the ghost of Kevin Bollinger.  Annie Wheaton has discovered a dollhouse that is a replica in miniature of Rose Red. While standing on a chair in an attempt to reach the dollhouse, she falls and is knocked unconscious. Rachel Wheaton and Steven Rimbauer see her fall and attempt to render first aid. Meanwhile, on the other side of the house, Rose Red\'s windows and doors mysteriously open again. Emery Waterman, realizing that his mother\'s screams were not an illusion, rushes outside to look for his mother. He runs into Dr. Miller, who warns him to stay away and then flees. Emery chases Miller but cannot catch him, so he returns to Rose Red. Miller, continuing to frantically run around the grounds of the house, is found and attacked by the ghost of Kevin Bollinger. Emery attempts to convince the others that they should all leave. They refuse, and Emery tries to depart on his own. As he does so, he runs into the ghosts of Pam Asbury and Deanna Petrie , the movie star who vanished in the house in the 1940s. Emery has the power to make apparitions disappear by repeating the phrase "not there," and avoids the deadly fate of his mother and Dr. Miller. As Emery is about to leave Rose Red, Annie Wheaton wakes and via psychokinesis causes the doors of Rose Red to slam shut. Emery\'s hand is caught in the door, and some of his fingers are severed. While the others assist Emery, Joyce Reardon asks Annie to continue to keep the doors and windows sealed, promising to give her the dollhouse if she does so. Steven, however, soon discovers that he is able to communicate with Annie telepathically, and she begins to form a friendship with him. Later, Steven relives some repressed memories of a visit to the house with his drunken mother during which a ghostly Ellen Rimbauer appeared to him and called on Steven to aid her in continuing Rose Red\'s unending construction. Emery, meanwhile, suspects that Annie, not some "spirit of Rose Red", is keeping the house sealed. Nick confirms Emery\'s suspicions, and then informs the group that Kevin Bollinger appeared to have hanged himself in the library. The group begins to speculate that Rose Red has never been in a dormant state, and that the mansion\'s supernatural powers are linked to Annie and Steven . Nick correctly guesses that Joyce brought the psychics to the house in an attempt to reawaken Rose Red rather than simply investigate it. The wounded Emery suggests that Annie be killed in order to allow everyone to escape, alarming the rest of the group. While in the kitchen, Cathy Kramer is attacked by Mrs. Waterman and is rescued by Nick. The two decide to tie up the deranged woman and decide to leave her in the kitchen. They agree not to inform Emery so that the unstable young man does not become more unbalanced. A ghostly Sukeena appears and drags Mrs. Waterman off into the dark wine cellar. As Nick and Cathy head back toward the main hall, the house changes around them and they become lost. A mysterious shape under the carpet chases them, and they flee. The shape begins to catch up to them, and Nick shoves Cathy into a room and slams the door behind her, turning around just in time to see a skeletal monster rushing up to him. With silence in the hallway, Cathy opens the door again but finds no sign of Nick or the entity in the empty hallway. As the house continues to change around her, Cathy ends up in the attic. Suddenly overcome by the urge to automatically write, she witnesses the murder of John Rimbauer by Ellen and Sukeena. Steven and Rachel, meanwhile, decide to look for Nick and Cathy. They find Cathy in the attic, where she is about to be attacked by a corpse-like creature. Their presence seemingly prevents the house from acting, and the corpse drops lifeless to the floor. The corpse\'s withered arm lets them deduce that the carcass is that of Steven\'s missing great-aunt , April Rimbauer. The group reunites in the main hall. Emery attempts to attack Annie with a fireplace poker. Using psychokinesis, Annie animates a suit of armor and attempts to kill Emery with a halberd. Neither attack succeeds, and Joyce calms both individuals. In an attempt to uncover the secret of Rose Red, Steven creates a telepathic link between Cathy and Annie, and Cathy begins to engage in automatic writing. Annie begins to draw pictures of boulders striking the house, smashed doors, and broken glass, and soon doors and windows all over the house are opening and closing violently and glass in the windows shatters. Rocks begin to fall, destroying Mrs. Waterman\'s car and causing severe damage to Rose Red. Cathy automatically writes "help us" and "open the doors," prompting Annie to unseal the house. Steven, Emery, Cathy, Rachel, and Annie make their escape from Rose Red, but Joyce, now clearly insane, refuses to leave. The group is attacked by the spectre of Ellen Rimbauer, but Annie prevents Ellen from coming after them. Mrs. Waterman\'s ghost leaps from a mirror and attempts to draw Emery into the spirit realm, but Emery, with the assistance of Steven and Cathy, resists his mother for the first time in his life, and Mrs. Waterman vanishes again. The survivors flee to their cars as boulders rain down on Rose Red. Back in the house, Joyce suddenly realizes too late that she does want to leave, but is surrounded by the ghosts of Rose Red: Nick, Pam, Vic, Ms. Waterman, Miller, Bollinger, Sukeena, Ellen Rimbauer, and Deanna Petrie. She screams in terror as the film fades to black. Six months later, the survivors visit Rose Red, just before the mansion is due to be demolished and replaced by condominiums. It remains unsaid whether or not the evil that inhabits the house will leave with its destruction or go on to curse the condos. They pay their last respects to the dead by laying red roses on the path leading up to the house. As they drive away, the theme from the movie "A Summer Place" can be heard, and the ghosts of Ellen Rimbauer, Sukeena, and Joyce Reardon watch the survivors depart from the tower window.'] ["In 1958, Anna, a young cleaning woman, is sent to spruce up the abandoned St. Ange orphanage in the French Alps region. In fact, she has been sent there because she is pregnant, but she keeps this a secret from others. She then discovers that Judith is the only orphan who still lives there, a young woman who acts like a child, locked up in her own memories. As she begins her cleaning duties, Anna begins to experience strange things such as hearing the footsteps and voices of children down the hallways. Meanwhile, her co-worker, a cook named Helenka, does not hear a thing, and begins to worry about Anna's state of mind. As time passes, Anna begins to suspect that St. Ange holds a dark secret. Convinced that Judith's memories hold part of the answer, Anna coaxes her into helping uncover the sinister secrets that lie under the orphanage. {{cite web}}"] ["A live webcast from a reputedly haunted house turns into a supernatural bloodbath when the ghost of a murderous mountaineer returns to finish what he started when he slaughtered his entire family twenty years prior. It's been two decades since famed mountaineer and ice climber Sean McIntire turned the tools of his trade on his unsuspecting family, but grim legends die hard in small towns and the locals still shudder at the mere mention of his name. Now, an unscrupulous young entrepreneur named Richard is seeking to cash in on this gruesome legend by staging a special Halloween webcast live from McIntire House. Three young couples will attempt to spend a night in the long-abandoned property, but only one will walk away with $5000 in prize money. When the ratings prove less than stellar, Richard attempts to spice things up by throwing a randy porn star into the mix. Later, after a group séance in which the participants revive the spirit of Sean McIntire, they split up into groups and search for the clues that will help them win the competition. His supernatural strength growing thanks to the mystic powers granted to him by Himalayan monks, McIntyre chases the last remaining contestants into the darkened attic of the home as horrified viewers all over campus watch in abject horror."] ['At the North Bend Psychiatric Hospital in 1966, a young patient named Tammy is attacked and killed by an unseen force during the night. Kristen , a troubled young woman sets fire to an abandoned farmhouse. The local police take her to the psychiatric hospital. She is taken to the ward where she meets other patients: Iris , Sarah , Emily , and Zoey , and is given Tammy\'s old room. She meets Dr. Stringer , her therapist, but is unable to recall anything about her past. She later attempts to escape, only to be caught and returned to her cell. Waking up in the middle of the night, she sees a horribly disfigured person staring at her. While she is with Iris and Emily, Kristen sees two people looking at her from Dr. Stringer\'s office, but the girls give no clue as to who they are. Whilst taking a shower, Kristen is attacked by the disfigured figure, but upon telling the nurse this, she is drugged and put through intense electroshock therapy. On a session with Dr.Stringer, Iris mentions Tammy, but is immediately halted by the doctor. In Iris\'s last therapy session, Dr. Stringer uses hypnotherapy to unlock her hidden memories. After the session, Iris is killed by the disfigured zombie. Kristen tries to find out what happened to her friend and finds Iris\'s sketchbook, where there is a sketch of the zombie that had attacked her, with the name Alice Hudson written on top. It is revealed that Alice was a patient at the hospital. That night, despite Sarah and Zoey\'s warning that it is nearly impossible to leave, Kristen and Emily attempt to find Iris and escape. However, the alarm is triggered. Kristen is thwarted by Alice\'s zombie and blacks out, reawakening back in her room, and it is revealed that Emily was caught. On her way to her final appointment with Dr. Stringer, Sarah flirts with a nurse, but is rejected. She then goes to the other girls and asks Kirsten what happened to her plan and also seemingly gives her a clue that they did not find Iris because they were "not looking into the right places." After bickering with Emily, she is killed by Alice\'s zombie. Kristen, noticing Sarah is missing and finding out that Zoey\'s doll formerly belonged to Alice, she forces the girl to tell her what is happening. She finds out that all of the girls had killed Alice, lead by Tammy, because Alice constantly hurts them. Now the ghost is after them for revenge. Emily attempts to commits suicide, thinking she is doomed. Kristen attempts to stop her, but Alice\'s zombie appears again and kills Emily. Kristen plans a last attempt to escape by holding Zoey as a pretend hostage. Their attempt is thwarted by Dr. Stringer. She is drugged and placed in a straitjacket. However, she manages to escape and takes Zoey with her to try and break out one last time. Zoey is captured by the zombie and killed. Kristen manages to kill the zombie, and finds a file on Alice Hudson, which details her treatments and all of the girl\'s names, including Kristen\'s. Dr. Stringer then reveals the truth: Kristen\'s real name is Alice Hudson. Throughout the film, various flashbacks are shown of a young girl in chains, about to be sexually abused by an unknown man. The girl in the flashbacks is Alice herself, who was kidnapped from her home eight years ago. Alice was left chained up for two months in the basement of the same farmhouse "Kristen" had burned down; in order to survive the past torture, she created different personalities. Alice is suffering from multiple personality disorder, creating Tammy, Zoey, Sarah, Iris and Emily. Over time, Alice\'s own personality became so overwhelmed by that of the others that she became lost. Through experimental techniques, Dr. Stringer had the zombie "Alice" killing the other personalities one by one until only her original personality remained. He explains that her treatments were working until "Kristen" appeared, yet another invention of Alice\'s mind to protect itself from reliving the trauma at the farmhouse. After this revelation, Alice\'s ghost appears and throws herself and "Kristen" out of the window, reawakening Alice. Alice\'s parents, who she had seen earlier in Dr. Stringer\'s office, come to take her home because she is finally fully treated. After gathering her belongings, Alice takes one last look around her room. Upon opening her cabinet, "Kristen" suddenly comes out and attacks her.'] ["The film is about four women that move to a creepy house, inherited by one of them from an old aunt; as a condition, they must take care of the aunt's pet, a black cat. Once the pet is mysteriously found dead, a series of bizarre murders begins."] ['While on a tour in Hollywood, a young couple, Joel and Donna Gregory , arrive at the house of Lorna Love, an infamous actress who died in 1935. There, they meet with housekeepers Clara Josephs  and Oscar Payne , to investigate the mystery behind Lorna and finish a book that they are writing on the actress, an interest that came out of the discovery that Joel\'s father was her lover. While staying at the mansion, strange incidents occur. The couple immediately notice a portrait of Lorna, painted by Joel\'s father, and shortly after, Donna catches a 1930s-dressed woman at the center-located shrine in the garden. At their first night, they are visited by Conan Carroll , a film director who directed Lorna in her first breakthrough film Gone of Desire. Conan claims that Lorna ruined his life, and that Joel Sr. was the only person ever to walk away from her, after telling her that she had no soul. He quickly wants to exit the mansion, leaving Joel and Donna with even more questions. As Conan leaves, he is attacked by an unknown creature, and falls in the fountain, in which he drowns following a heart attack. While processing this information, Donna finds a mysterious blade that was commonly used in witchcraft and one of her photos torn apart. Joel, meanwhile, tries to find out more on a locked room, and finds out through Clara that it was Joel Sr. and Lorna\'s bedroom. Later that day, Joel and Donna visit Denise Christian , an aged actress and former rival of Lorna at a set for a commercial. Denise explains that Lorna tried to blackball her at every studio as soon as Denise became as big of a star as her. She continues to tell that she first met Joel Sr. at the studio - where Joel Sr. was working in the art department - and that Lorna stole him from her just to bug Denise. Denise concludes to reveal that Lorna contacted a healer for eternal beauty and youth, and could not sleep ever since: after Joel Sr. smashed all the windows and left, she lived in a spiritual world of eternal fire. Back at the mansion, Joel finds a book about witch spells, and becomes obsessed with Lorna, fantasizing about her . Moments later, the same man who scared Conan tries to murder Donna through carbon monoxide poisoning in a locked bathroom, and Joel and Clara are only just in time to save her. Donna initially insists on leaving, but decides to support her husband as he explains that he is near discovering Lorna\'s secrets and thus can\'t leave yet. They next meet with Marcella Geffenhart , Lorna\'s self-proclaimed best friend. She tells them about "Father Eternal Fire", a spiritual man, though refuses to elaborate on the witchcraft blade that Donna found. After the conversation, Donna claims that Marcella is the woman who ran past Lorna\'s shrine on the first day of their arrival, and wants to continue meeting with Marcella. Joel, however, forbids her from doing so, explaining that Lorna deserves to have secrets. That evening – in an obsessed rage - Joel breaks into Lorna\'s bedroom and reads about details of Joel Sr.\'s affair with her. Donna, meanwhile, has again spotted the woman from day one and reaches out to Joel for help. The next morning, Donna pleads to leave, but Joel again protects Lorna and refuses to go. Donna then meets with Oscar reveals that part of the healer\'s activities involved fire, and that her husband is not safe in the mansion. Donna hurries to save Joel, and finds a terrified Marcella at the mansion along with the witchcraft blade cut through a photo of her. As she looks around, she finds out that Clara Josephs is actually a very alive Lorna. She rushes to save Joel, but he does not recognize her and instead turns to Clara/Lorna. While under her spell, Joel kisses her at the shrine and fire breaks out. Donna goes in to save Joel, and leaves Clara/Lorna to burn to death.'] ["The plot revolves around a confidence trickster, Dr. Acula  who pretends to be able to contact the dead, and charges people large amounts of money to speak to their relatives. The ending involves Acula inadvertently summoning a group of real ghosts, and being imprisoned for all eternity. The movie features a prologue and a brief acting role by Criswell, who also narrated Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space."] ['Five college girls who were attending an initiation party  wake up inside an abandoned sanatorium . They are told  that they must spend five hours inside, each on a separate floor. The girls are warned that they must survive five ghosts during the night. Each girl finds newspaper clippings from the 1930s, and they learn that the sanatorium had previously been used during the so-called "White plague,"  and that Jack died from the disease - while many others killed themselves in the hospital. Although this starts off as prank, both the girls and the prankster find themselves in a fight to prevent history from repeating itself. They discover that there is only one way out of the sanatorium - the tunnel underneath the hospital, nicknamed the "Death Tunnel," as it was used to transport all of the bodies out of the hospital. .'] ['Five people spend the night in an abandoned haunted house in Amityville, Long Island and soon find themselves terrorized by assorted ghosts, venomous insects and ghostly apparitions. Marvin and Debbie buy the house. They renovate with the help of three friends: Frank, Bill and Abigail. The former housekeeper, Mrs Moriarty, is murdered. A priest had been murdered at the house twelve years earlier when the house was a rectory. At the end, Frank is possessed by the curse, causing him to murder Mrs. Moriarty , Marvin and Bill. He tried to kill Debbie but he failed, and eventually, with the help of Abigail, Debbie kills Frank, and the two women are saved.'] ['Peter O\'Toole is Peter Plunkett, the owner of a dilapidated Irish castle which has been converted to a bed and breakfast supplying the only employment for the local villagers. Owing money to an American businessman, Plunkett has the idea to turn the castle into "The most haunted castle in Europe" for the tourist trade. He and his wacky staff of Irish characters set about creating ghost costumes and effects for their first group of American lodgers. At first annoyed by the inept hauntings, the American guests  soon get what they paid for as the genuine ghosts of Castle Plunkett take umbrage with being cheaply exploited and stage a full scale paranormal event. Two of the castle\'s ghosts, Mary Plunkett and Martin Brogan  become romantically entangled with Guttenberg and D\'Angelo\'s characters. This romantic twist is the focus of most of the plot.'] ['The film opens on a voyeuristic shot of college student Samantha Hughes  as she looks at an apartment. She cannot afford the security deposit, but the landlady agrees to accept the first month\'s rent instead. Samantha needs the apartment because her roommate in her college dormitory is a slob who frequently has sex with her boyfriend all night long. When she sees a flyer advertising a babysitting job, Samantha calls the number and leaves a message on the answering machine. The pay phone rings after she has hung up, and Mr. Ulman  arranges to pick her up outside the Student Affairs office. However, he never shows up. Ulman leaves a message with Samantha\'s roommate, and when Samantha calls him back, he apologizes for standing her up and offers her $100 to babysit that night. Seeing the money as the only way to afford her first month\'s rent, Samantha agrees, and her friend Megan  drives her to the house which is in the country. Megan is very skeptical, and begs Samantha to let her stay with her. When they get to the house, Ulman is very evasive when Megan asks him basic questions about who he is. He mentions the evening\'s lunar eclipse and how the town is the best place on Earth to see it. Eventually, he confesses that there is no child to babysit, only his mother. He agrees to pay Samantha $400, stressing that it was very important to have a sitter for the night. Megan is furious with Samantha for agreeing to stay. She does not trust Ulman, especially once he admitted to lying. As she drives away, she is so flustered that she pulls over to light a cigarette. A man  appears out of nowhere to offer her a light, visibly frightening her. After she lights up, she asks where he came from. He asks, "You\'re not the babysitter?" When she admits that she is not, he unexpectedly kills her by shooting her in the head, then calmly picks the lit cigarette from her fingers to finish it. Back at the house, Ulman promises that his mother is independent enough that Samantha might never even see her, and he mentions twice that there is a phone number on the fridge for a pizza place. Ulman leaves with his wife . Alone, Samantha spends some time going through the many rooms of the house. She decides not to enter one of the rooms, which is shown to have three dead bodies inside. She orders a pizza and plays pool. Eventually, she finds old photographs of the house showing a different family posing in front of it. The discovery unsettles her so much that when the pizza arrives, she throws the money at the delivery man and slams the door. The delivery man is the same stranger who killed Megan. After a few bites of the pizza, she throws it out and tries to wash the taste out of her mouth. At the sink, she hears someone else running a tap somewhere in the house. She goes upstairs to investigate, ending up in the attic, where she becomes frightened by the sounds of someone behind a door. The pizza has been drugged, and Samantha passes out. When she wakes up, she is tied to a satanic altar in the basement. The Ulmans and the stranger are there as well as a deformed priestess, all of them in hooded cloaks. The priestess draws a pentagram on Samantha\'s belly with blood and then pours more blood down her mouth. Samantha manages to free herself, stabbing Mr. Ulman and poking the stranger in the eye. She runs upstairs and trips over Megan\'s body in the kitchen. The stranger chases her up to the second story of the house where he shoots her in the arm. As he prepares to finish her off, she slashes his throat and flees into the attic. Mrs. Ulman appears devastated by the death of the man, and enters the attic. She tells Samantha that it is too late to do anything, threatening "it will work in spite of you". Samantha stabs her in the back as she prays for help. Samantha dials 911, but when the operator answers, she has another, more powerful hallucination of the demonic looking priestess. Terrified, Samantha flees the house, followed by Mr. Ulman who is bleeding profusely. When he catches up to her, she points the gun at him, and he encourages her to shoot him. He explains that he is simply a messenger for someone else. He asks Samantha to listen to the voices in her head and realize that there is no way to fight them. Samantha then shoots herself in the head. The film ends in a hospital room, where Samantha is recovering. A nurse tends to her and says, "Don\'t worry, you\'re gonna be just fine." Then, laying a hand on Samantha\'s stomach, she adds, "Both of you."'] ['Physicist Lionel Barrett is enlisted by an eccentric millionaire, Mr. Deutsch, to make an investigation into "survival after death" in "the one place where it has yet to be refuted". This is the Belasco House: the "Mount Everest of haunted houses," originally owned by the notorious "Roaring Giant" Emeric Belasco, a six-foot-five perverted millionaire and supposed murderer, who disappeared soon after a massacre at his home. The house is believed to be haunted by numerous spirits, the victims of Belasco\'s twisted and sadistic desires. Accompanying Barrett are his wife, Edith, as well as two mediums: a mental medium and Spiritualist minister, Florence Tanner, and a physical medium, Ben Fischer, who is also the sole survivor of an earlier investigation. The rationalist Barrett is rudely skeptical of Tanner\'s Christian faith and spiritual beliefs, asserting that there is nothing but unfocused electromagnetic energy in the house. Barrett brings a machine he has developed, which he believes will rid the house of any paranormal presence or force. Though not a physical medium, Tanner begins to manifest physical phenomena inside the house. When, after a quarrel with Tanner, Barrett is attacked by invisible forces, he suspects that Tanner may be using the house\'s energy against him. Meanwhile Fischer remains aloof, with his mind closed to the house\'s influence, and is only there to collect the generous pay offered him to return. Edith Barrett is subjected to erotic visions late at night, which seem linked to her lackluster sex life. She goes downstairs and, in a seeming trance, disrobes and demands sex from Fischer. He instead strikes her, snapping her out of the trance, and she returns to herself, horrified and ashamed. A second incident occurs a day or so later ; her husband arrives a moment later to witness her advances to Fischer and is resentful, stating to Fischer\'s face that he believes that Fischer no longer has any psychic ability and that "Mr. Deutsch is wasting one-third of his money!" Stricken by the accusation, Fischer finally drops his psychic shields but is immediately attacked. Tanner, convinced that one of the "surviving personalities" is Belasco\'s tormented son Daniel and determined to prove it at all costs, finds a human skeleton chained behind a wall. Believing it to be Daniel, Tanner and Fischer bury the body outside the house and Tanner performs a funeral. Despite this, Daniel\'s personality continues to haunt Tanner; she is scratched violently by a possessed cat and Barrett, seeing the scratches, suspects that Tanner may be mutilating herself. In an attempt to put the supposed Daniel to rest, Tanner gives herself to the entity sexually, and later appears to be possessed herself, temporarily. Barrett\'s machine is assembled. Tanner attempts to destroy it, thinking that it will harm the spirits in the house, but is prevented. She enters the chapel, the unholy heart of the house, in an attempt to warn the spirits, and is crushed by a falling crucifix.  Barrett meanwhile activates his machine, which seems to be effective. Finally activating his psychic abilities as he wanders in the house, Fischer declares the place "completely clear!" in astonishment. However, soon afterwards, violent psychic activity resumes and Barrett is killed. Fischer decides finally to confront the house, with Edith accompanying him despite her misgivings. In the chapel, a confrontation ensues: thanks to clues from the manner in which Tanner, Barrett and the previous investigators had died, Fischer deduces that Belasco is the sole entity haunting the house, masquerading as many. He taunts Belasco, declaring him a "son of a whore", and that he was no "roaring giant", but likely a "funny little dried-up bastard" who fooled everyone about his alleged height. Even as objects begin to hurl themselves at Fischer, he continues to defy the entity, until all becomes still, and a portion of the chapel wall shatters, revealing a hidden door. Going inside, Fischer and Edith discover a lead-lined room, containing Belasco\'s preserved body seated in a chair. Pulling out a pocketknife, Fischer rips open Belasco\'s trouser leg, discovering his final secret: a pair of prosthetic legs. Fischer and Edith realize Belasco had had his own stunted legs amputated, and used the prosthetics in a grotesque attempt to appear imposing. Belasco had the lead lined room specially built , in the event of his death, to preserve his spirit, afraid of what may happen otherwise. With the room now open, Fischer activates Barrett\'s machine a second time, and he and Edith leave the house, expressing hopes that Barrett and Tanner will guide Belasco to the afterlife without fear.'] ['The film begins in the late 18th century in the Winthrop house and something within it is screaming and banging at the walls of its confines. Joshua Winthrop, the owner of the house, rushes through the poorly lit corridors of the house before unlocking a heavily locked door. He begins talking to the creature inside to calm her down but she then kills him. After the credits we get Randolph Carter and two of his university buddies, Howard and Joel, as he regales them with ghost stories. Randolph points out that they are sitting in the graveyard surrounding the haunted house of his tales . The story that Randolph had been telling them was of Joshua Winthrop and his demon daughter, Alyda Winthrop. Joel comes up with the idea to stay there overnight. Randolph and Howard go back to the university, leaving Joel to it. Soon a group of students decide to go there, two young lads fresh from the university football team, Bruce Weeks and John Babcock, and a couple of girls that they want to score with: one of which Howard is in love with, Wendy Barnes, and the other is in love  with Howard, her name is Tanya Heller. They go there and get set up in a room to tell each other ghost stories. Meanwhile Howard chases after Randolph to tell him that Joel never came back from the house, prompting Randolph to swing into action saying "I\'ll get the flashlights" with some degree of authority and urgency, despite not being too bothered about the missing student prior to that. Alyda Winthrop, the creature, begins stalking the four youngsters in her home, planning to kill them as she killed her father and Joel. Soon Joel\'s decapitated corpse is found hanging upside down, his blood dripping onto a plate of some sort, along with his head, that rolls across the floor to look at a half naked Wendy. Soon Randolph and Howard arrive at the house and Randolph discovers that the door has locked of its own accord upon their entry. Magic, he must be thinking. Howard runs off to the aid of his beloved and Tanya, while Randolph decides to study The Necronomicon. In it he finds a spell to unlock the door. He goes outside and enters the ground under a tree via the tomb of Joshua Winthrop. This tree, with the aid of Randolph and the book, snatches Alyda from the house in the climax of the film, with Howard and Tanya being the only two left alive and in the desperately terrifying vicinity of the demon female. Howard and Tanya flee from the house and run to a safe distance, but a hand comes up from the ground and begins pulling Howard down. It is Randolph coming up from the catacombs beneath having fended off the skeleton guardians.'] ['Alexander Armsworth and his family move into a spooky old Louisiana mansion that was once the home of a notorious river pirate. Before long, Alexander catches sight of a mysterious little girl and her dog, both of whom turn out to be ghosts. The little girl ghost tells Alexander that her name is Inez, and appeals to him for help in finding a child of glass. With the aid of his new friend, Blossom, Alexander finds out that Inez was a victim of the river pirate whose house his family now inhabits. The pirate killed the young girl when she refused to tell the location of the treasure he sought; for good measure, he placed a curse upon her that has caused her to roam the plantation after death. With only a few days left before the curse becomes permanent, Alexander and Blossom rush to find the child of glass and free Inez\'s spirit. Alexander and Blossom\'s major clue in solving the mystery involved the following poem: "Sleeping lies the murdered lass, vainly cries the child of glass. When the two shall be as one, the spirit\'s journey will be done."'] ["An all-American family inherits a deceased uncle's house. John  and Mary  together with their daughter Debbie , and son Billy  then move into the house. Waldemar , a vampire figure, and Yolanda ([[Nancy Andrews , his wife, want desperately to get into the run down house because it contains a book of evil. Billy finds the mysterious book Waldemar and Yolanda are after. He opens it and reads of a curse hanging over the date of Saturday the 14th. As he turns the page a monster is unleashed, and with each turn another disappears from the page and is materialized within or outside the home. The house is soon swarming with monsters. Soon strange things start happening: eyes appear in John's coffee, sandwiches are eaten, the television tunes into The Twilight Zone only, dirt is found in Mary's bed, dishes get done by themselves, neighbors disappear. As this is happening, neither John or Mary suspect anything, blaming things on a lack of curtains. Waldemar gets into the house by turning into a bat. Mary keeps hearing noises at night which she thinks are owls, but are the sounds of Waldemar as the bat outside her window. John hires an exterminator to get rid of the owls. The exterminator is actually Van Helsing , who is also after the book of evil in the house. John and Mary begin planning a house warming party on Saturday the 14th. Guests arrive but cannot leave. When they try, a large storm appears outside the door. As the night unfolds the monsters begin to off the guests one by one. Eventually a duel between Van Helsing and the vampire erupts where it is discovered that Van Helsing is after the book in order to rule the world. The vampire Waldemar is actually trying to prevent this from happening. Good wins over evil, as Van Helsing and the monsters are defeated. The family ends up in an upscale all-American looking home while Waldemar and Yolanda keep the original house as their own."] ['In 1987, Sarah Campbell  is driving her son Matthew  home from the hospital where he has been undergoing cancer treatments. The trips are frequent and long, and they have to stop often, as Matt gets sick. Sarah and her husband Peter , a recovering alcoholic, discuss finding a rental house closer to the hospital. On another hospital visit, Sarah finds a man putting up a “For Rent” sign in front of a large house. The man offers to sell her the house, noting that it has a bit of history, as it was formerly a funeral home. On the trip home, Matt is in extreme pain, so Sarah drives back to the house, where they stay for the night. Matt sees his reflection become distorted, and sees a figure in the reflection of his T.V. The following day, Peter arrives with Matt’s brother Billy  and cousins Wendy  and Mary , and they choose rooms. Matt chooses the basement, which also has a mysterious door, later discovered to lead to the old morgue room. After moving into the house, Matt suffers a series of visions involving an old, bearded man and corpses with symbols carved into their skin. He also sees strange creatures and appears to his family to be having blackouts. At the hospital, Matt confesses that he’s been seeing things to another patient, Reverend Nicholas Popescu . Nicholas tells Matt to call him if he needs to talk. After another vision, Matt calls Nicholas and tells him about the visions. Nicholas advises him to find out what the spirit wants. Later, Matt finds a burned figure in his room. He asks the spirit what it wants from him and the ghost begins to move towards him. When the rest of the family comes home, they find that all of the furniture has been stacked in the middle of the front room and Matt shirtless with his fingers bloody from scratching at the wall. The family begins to crack under the stress of Matt’s illness and bizarre behavior. Meanwhile, the children find a metal box of photographs, which show Jonah, a young man from Matt’s visions, at a séance, emitting ectoplasm. Wendy suggests the house may be haunted and she and Matt research its history. They find out that the funeral home was run by a man named Aickman, the sinister bearded man from Matt’s visions. Aickman also conducted psychic research and would host séances with Jonah as the medium. At one séance, all those attending, including Aickman, were found dead and Jonah disappeared. Later in the 1950s, the state was building a new road that would run through part of the cemetery near the house, and when the coffins were exhumed, it was discovered that many of the bodies had disappeared and were never buried. Matt and Wendy then contact Nicholas to seek his help. Nicholas finds a smaller box containing eyelids that Aickman cut off of the corpses, and theorizes that Aickman was practicing necromancy in an attempt to control the dead and bind them to the house. He realizes that Aickman did this in an attempt to magnify Jonah’s medium abilities. He asks Matt and Wendy to take his hands and pray with him for the souls of the missing bodies and for Jonah. When Matt takes their hands, he is drawn into a vision of that final séance. He watches as Jonah begins to painfully emit the ectoplasm from his mouth. He is broken from the vision when Sarah comes home. That night, both Wendy and Sarah suffer visions of spirits. Peter arrives in a drunken state, and begins shouting at everyone for having the lights on, causing a frightening racket. Sarah confronts him shortly after, and warns him not to come home if he drinks again. When the family goes to sleep, all of the electronics in the house go haywire, terrifying them. In desperation, Sarah contacts Nicholas. Nicholas finds human remains in the house and removes them, after which the activity stops. Matt later awakens to find Aikman’s symbols carved into his flesh. He is taken to the hospital, where he encounters Jonah. Meanwhile, Nicholas nearly crashes his car when Jonah appears in his backseat. He and Matt begin to have simultaneous visions, in which Jonah is shown years before. After emitting the ectoplasm, Jonah’s entire family is burnt to a degree, after a flash of bright light. After angering a demonic presence, Jonah flees, only to have the spirit affect everything in the home. Seemingly the only way out, Jonah uses a dumbwaiter to escape, calling for help. Entering an unknown chamber, Jonah realizes that he has entered the home furnace. Quickly before escaping, the spirit traps Jonah in the furnace, and burns him alive, unknown to his father. Matt and Nicholas then break from the vision, after which Jonah’s spirit disappears. Peter and Sarah meet at the hospital and learn that Matt’s cancer treatments have had no effect. They then discover that Matt has escaped the hospital. Back at the house, Wendy discovers all the food in the house has suddenly turned rotten. She takes a shower, while Nicholas leaves a message telling the family to get out of the house immediately – Jonah’s spirit was actually protecting them from the spirits. Wendy is nearly suffocated by the shower curtain, but escapes, only to see Matt arrive with an axe. Matt breaks through the walls in the front room with the axe, revealing the dusty corpses Aickman hid in the walls. He forces Wendy and the children out of the house, barricading himself inside and tearing down the other walls, as marked corpses begin to tumble into the room. As he swings the axe, the view switches from Matt to Jonah, who seems to be occupying Matt’s body. Matt lights the bodies and the room on fire, then crouches in pain in the middle of the room, as the bound spirits surround him. Sarah, Peter and Nicholas arrive with the fire department, Sarah and Peter frantically trying to get in to save Matt. Sarah gets into the house and takes Matt under a table to avoid the falling timbers. The spirits finally disappear, seemingly freed, as a firefighter breaks through and pulls Matt and Sarah to safety. Outside, everyone watches tearfully as the emergency crew attempts to resuscitate a dying Matt. As Matt slips away, he has a vision of himself standing in the graveyard where he sees Jonah, no longer appearing burnt. He seems about to follow Jonah when he hears his mother’s voice. He returns to his body and Jonah’s spirit leaves him, appearing next to Nicholas before finally vanishing, as he can now move on. At the end of the film, we are told that Matt’s cancer has disappeared, and the house was rebuilt and resold with no further reported incidents of haunting.'] ['Following a near-death car accident, four friends on their way to a Halloween wedding, venture to a secluded farm for help. Little do they know however, they will soon disturb an ancient evil with far more ghastly plans in store for them!'] [" Shortly after renting an old country house, film star Paul Henderson mysteriously disappears and Inspector Holloway from Scotland Yard is called to investigate. Inquiring at the local police station, Holloway is told some of the house's history. He then contacts the estate agent renting the house, who elaborates further."] ['Forty years after an unfinished occult ritual resulted in the disappearance of six children, an American family has moved into a never-before inhabited house in Spain. The mother, Maria , wants to get the place in order, while the father, Mark , goes to work, and their children, teenager Regina  and her younger brother Paul , try to settle into their daily routines. It helps that Mark\'s doctor-father, Albert Rua  has furnished them with their residence and is nearby, especially when Mark begins to suffer from some mental breakdown attacks that periodically reoccur. Regina is not only worried about him, but also Paul who is now scared of the dark for the first time. The young boy has reason for that, however, as there seems to be some sort of supernatural force beneath his bed. Furthermore, there are instances when figures of children are seen standing in the shadow and darkness, watching the family. As Paul becomes more scared and their father increasingly unstable, Regina eventually figures out it must have something to do with their home where the power is lost everyday. With the help of her new friend, Carlos , the two eventually meet the man, Villalobos , who designed the house, and learn that it was built for a supernatural ritual requiring the sacrifice of seven children  to coincide with an eclipse that only occurs every forty years. With the next one quickly approaching, and now armed with the knowledge that the earlier occult ritual needs one more death to be completed, Regina races to make sure that Paul is not the final victim.  Taking a shortcut through her grandfather Albert\'s house, Regina finds out that her grandfather is, in fact, a member of the cult which has been performing these satanic rituals. Her grandfather explains that in the ritual forty years ago, there actually were seven children in the original ritual, the seventh child being none other than Regina\'s father, Mark. Albert did not sacrifice his son because at the last minute he realized that he did not love Mark. Waiting 40 years he has brought Mark and his family to the house with the intention of making sure Mark is sacrificed during this eclipse by "hands that love him." Armed with this knowledge, Regina races back to her home to find her father in the midst of another nervous breakdown, choking on pills as the eclipse begins. Maria tries to perform a tracheotomy on him, but is unable to bring herself to make the cut. Regina volunteers to, but inadvertently causes his death. Since Regina genuinely loved Mark, the ritual is finally complete. The darkness then takes the form of Regina and Paul, convincing their mother to turn off the lights. The darkness kills Maria, and then takes the form of Regina\'s friend Carlos, who picks them up in his car. The real Carlos arrives at the house, only to be killed by the darkness. The movie ends with the fake Carlos drives Regina and Paul into a dark tunnel, where it is implied that the darkness kills Regina and Paul.'] ["Newly released from a mental hospital, Jessica , accompanied by her husband  and a friend , retreats to a Victorian farmhouse in an isolated part of rural Connecticut. The trio finds Emily , an enigmatic hippie, living in the house. Almost immediately, Jessica feels a resurgence of her madness. Increasing evidence suggests that Emily and all the other inhabitants of the island are ghosts and/or vampires pursuing Jessica and her companions. However, viewers are never sure whether the bizarre occurrences are real or only in Jessica's mind."] ['{{Plot}} Claire Spencer  is living in Vermont with her husband, renowned scientist Dr. Norman Spencer . A year previously, Claire had been involved in a serious car accident that leaves gaps in her memory. Combined with her daughter Caitlin\'s  departure for college, this leaves Claire profoundly affected. The Spencers — who have moved into the former home of Norman\'s father — live next door to the Feurs, who have just moved in and often have loud arguments. Overhearing Mary Feur  sobbing one day, Claire becomes concerned. When she sees Mary\'s husband Warren  seemingly dragging something that resembles a body bag in the middle of the night and putting it in the trunk of the car, she suspects that Mary has been murdered. Claire decides to investigate. After nobody answers the door, she walks around the side of the house and discovers a woman\'s sandal with a dark stain on it. She steals the sandal as evidence. Back on the doorstep, she is surprised by Warren, whose surly behavior further arouses her suspicion. Claire begins spying on Warren with the help of her best friend Jody . However, Claire soon witnesses strange occurrences when she is alone in the house — pictures fall, doors open, and a shadowy reflection is seen in her bathwater. Claire becomes convinced that Mary is dead and haunting her. Desperate for closure, and facing little sympathy from Norman, Claire invites Jody to join her for a séance in her bathroom, where she seems to be able to communicate with Mary\'s ghost. Claire produces the sandal for the ritual; after it starts, the dial on the Ouija board starts to show the words "M E F" on the screen. However, the séance is cut short after being interrupted by Cooper, their Saint Bernard dog. Claire and Jody initially assume the séance has been a nonsensical exercise; however, after Jody leaves, Claire returns to the bathroom to find the tub filled. This time she sees the ghost in the mirror, Claire asks the ghost what it wants. It replies with a message on a clouded mirror: "YOU KNOW". An anxious Claire goes to Norman\'s office to inform him of the séance. While traveling through Norman\'s campus, Claire encounters Warren and hysterically accuses him of killing his wife. But Warren responds with confusion before Mary—very much alive—joins him. When Mary speaks with Claire later, she explains that she had left Warren and that he had been packing her belongings when Claire saw him. The Spencers assume that the ordeal is over, but later a picture breaks in Norman\'s study. Picking it up, Claire notices a newspaper clipping about a missing girl named Madison Elizabeth Frank . She learns that Madison attended the university where Norman was a lecturer. While visiting Madison\'s mother she steals a braid of Madison\'s hair. Reading from a book on the supernatural given to her by Jody, Claire uses the hair to perform a ritual that allows Madison to possess her and seduce Norman. But Claire morphs into Madison during the tryst, causing Norman to push her away. Claire\'s memory returns, and she remembers that she had caught Norman and Madison together the night of her car accident. Outraged by Norman\'s infidelity, Claire spends the night with Jody, who confirms to Claire her suspicion of Norman\'s affair after seeing him and Madison together in a small cafe in the town of Adamant; unseen by Norman, Jody keeps this information to herself until she confesses to Claire. Norman eventually confesses: he had a brief relationship with Madison, but realized that he loved Claire too much to leave her, causing the unstable Madison to threaten to kill Claire. He then visited Madison to find her dead of an overdose. He pushed Madison\'s car  into the lake. Claire urges Norman to contact the authorities, and he agrees to do so. He speaks with the police on the phone, and then leaves to take a shower. Suspicious of her husband, Claire redials the phone and discovers that he had not really called the police. Norman suddenly grabs her from behind and sedates her. He drags her to the bathtub, which is still running, and places her in the rising water. Norman then explains to Claire that Madison was planning on going to the college\'s Dean about their affair, and he could not let that happen, so he killed her and pushed Madison\'s car and body into the lake. Norman then tells Claire he hopes her death will bring him closer to Caitlin who looks so much like her. Norman leans over Claire\'s paralyzed body to give her one final kiss. While doing so, he notices that she is wearing a pendant around her neck. When he picks up Claire\'s head to adjust it her face suddenly morphs into the corpse-like face of Madison. He is startled and jumps back, slipping on the wet floor, and hitting his head on the sink; which leaves him bloody and unconscious on the floor. Claire, recovering from the sedative, crawls out of the bathtub and down the stairs. The phone has been disconnected, so she tries to drive somewhere that will have better reception. Norman, only stunned, chases her and jumps into the truck. A ghostlike figure appears in the road, which Claire swerves to avoid, and she drives off the bridge into the same lake into which Norman pushed Madison\'s car. Underwater, Norman grabs Claire\'s leg, but Madison\'s decaying body, disturbed by debris falling from the car, floats up, grabs Norman, and forces him to release Claire\'s leg so she can swim to the surface. Norman drowns while staring into the dead face of the woman he killed. Madison\'s body floats to the surface of the lake. The following winter, Claire is seen placing a single red rose on Madison\'s grave. The camera pans out and an image of Madison\'s face is seen in the snow.'] ['When five unsuspecting students move into a dilapidated mansion, a mysterious spirit clock, long since disused, is set into motion. As the walls of reality slowly fall away, and dark secrets are revealed, the group are thrown headlong into a downward spiral of paranoia, murderous intent and supernatural horror.'] ["The film follows Susan  and Drake , a couple who has agreed to act as caretakers of a mansion based loosely on the Winchester Mystery House in San Jose, California. Susan and Drake are relentlessly tormented by the various spirits who dwell in the house and finally turn to Harrison Dent , a paranormal investigator whom they hope may be able to put the house's spirits to rest."] ['On Mayday 1998 in the town of Dunwich, Massachusetts, Elizabeth gathers together a group of specially selected friends for a rather odd party. It turns out that she is the descendent of a malevolent witch named Lilith who was burned at the stake precisely three hundred years ago. Now Elizabeth hopes to resurrect her dreadful ancestor and has a specific  need for the guests she has chosen.'] ["In 1765, the inhabitants of the New England town of Arkham are suspicious of the strange goings-on up in the grand 'palace' that overlooks the town. They suspect its inhabitant, Joseph Curwen, of being a warlock. One stormy night, a young girl from the town wanders up to the Curwen palace in a trance-like state, and is led by Curwen and his mistress, Hester, down in to the dungeons of the palace. The girl is then subjected to a strange ritual, where an unseen creature rises up from a covered pit below her, in wreaths of green smoke. The townspeople, however, observe the girl wandering off in to the night, and storm up to the Curwen palace to confront its mysterious owner. Though the girl appears unharmed, the townspeople deign that she has been bewitched to forget what happened to her, and drag Curwen out to a tree where they intend to burn him. However, the leader of the mob, Ezra Weeden, insists that they do not harm Curwen's mistress Hester  Before dying, Curwen puts a curse on Arkham and its inhabitants, saying he will rise from the grave to take his revenge on the descendants of the five men who burned him - Ezra Weeden, Mikus Smith, Benjamin West, Priam Willet, and Gideon Leach. In 1875, 110 years later, Charles Dexter Ward and his wife Anne arrive in Arkham after inheriting the palace from Charles' great great grandfather, Joseph Curwen. They are confused to find the townsfolk wary and even hostile towards them, and are particularly disturbed by the horrific deformities that afflict many of Arkham's inhabitants. Up at the palace, Charles is surprised by how well he seems to know the old house, and is also struck by the strong resemblance between him and a portrait of Curwen above the fireplace. He and Anne meet Simon, the peculiar palace caretaker, who persuades them to stay at the palace for a while, and not to be scared of the townspeoples' hostility towards them. During their stay, Charles becomes more and more obsessed with the portrait of Curwen, and at times seems to change in his personality. Charles and Anne befriend the local doctor, Dr. Willet  and he explains to them that the townspeople blame the many deformities plagueing the town on Curwen's curse. He tells them of a legendary black magic book, known as the Necronomicon, which was believed to be in Curwen's possession, and which Curwen apparently used to summon the Elder Gods, Cthulhu, Yog-Sothoth, and other dark creatures. Curwen's plan was to mate mortal women with these beings in order to create a new race of super-humans, which apparently led to the many disfigured people of Arkham. The townspeople are now terrified that Curwen has come back in the form of Charles to seek his revenge against the people who killed him. Dr. Willet finally advises Charles and Anne to leave the town. Despite Anne's eagerness to leave, Charles seems to be falling under the control of something, and insists that they stay in Arkham. One night, Charles finally succumbs to the spirit of Joseph Curwen, and becomes possessed by him. Curwen is then reunited with his two assistants, Simon and Jabez  and the three hastily make plans to continue their work and resurrect Hester. Curwen's hold on Charles, however, is limited, and he tells Simon and Jabez that Charles' will is fighting against him. Anne, frightened by the changes in her husband, seeks help from Dr. Willet, but Curwen manages to convince Dr. Willet that Anne is mad. Meanwhile, Curwen begins enacting his revenge on the descendants of the mob that burned him alive. He kills Weeden's descendant by releasing Weeden's monstrously deformed son from his locked room, and then attacks Leach's descendant with fire. The townspeople discover Leach's charred corpse, and decide to take matters in to their own hands, banding together to storm the palace and find Curwen. Dr. Willet and Anne race to try and save Charles, unaware that Curwen has now taken complete control of him, and that Curwen, Simon, and Jabez have finally succeeded in resurrecting Hester. Dr. Willet and Anne discover the secret entrance to the palace dungeons, and are ambushed by Curwen, Simon, Jabez, and Hester. Anne is offered as a sacrifice to the otherworldly creature that lives in the pit beneath the palace, while the residents of Arkham break in and begin to burn the palace down. The portrait of Curwen is destroyed, apparently breaking Curwen's hold over Charles. With his mind finally restored, Charles rushes down and releases Anne, then urges Dr. Willet to save her, while Curwen's associates pin him down. Dr. Willet helps Anne to escape from the burning palace, before running back to rescue Charles, finding Simon, Jabez, and Hester gone. The two of them barely manage to escape the flames, and Charles and Anne fervently thank Dr. Willet for saving their lives. As Charles turns towards the camera, however, it is made apparent to the viewers that Joseph Curwen still inhabits his mind. The film ends with the final verse of Poe's poem -  '...While, like a ghastly rapid river, through the pale door, a hideous throng rush out forever and laugh - But smile no more'."] ['María Nicolasa Cruz is doña Clarita\'s loyal indigenous maid. However, meanwhile doña Clarita is dying, she is leaving behind a large monetary estate, a mansion, properties, and Mimí: her affectionate Shih Tzu dog. María is with doña Clarita during her last moments, albeit her sister Paz, brother Marciano, nephew Braulio, and grandsons Raul and Laura are waiting anxiously downstairs for her death, believing they will inherit all her riches. Doña Clarita finally dies at the hand of a corrupt doctor employed by doña Clarita\'s relatives, and María inconsolably goes downstairs to the living room to deliver the news. As expected, María finds none of doña Clarita\'s relatives mourning her death. Believing she is of no use anymore, doña Clarita\'s relatives  fire María, therefore she decides to return to her native hometown. Marciano, Paz, Braulio, Raul, and Laura meet with the notary to hear Doña Clarita\'s will. To everyone\'s surprise, the will only mentions Mimi , and Maria as her guardian. The family members go back to stop Maria from leaving the mansion. The "zopilotes"  convince Maria to stay in the mansion to take care of Mimi as her new guardian. The "zopilotes" try several times to kill Maria along with Mimi but all attempts failed. Until Marciano feeds Mimi a piece of meat with an explosive inside. Before Mimi eats it, Maria takes it from her and cooks it for the afternoon meal. Braulio, unfortunately, receives the piece of meat and after cutting it, the explosive goes off. Mimi ears were gravely affected. The doctor advises Maria to go on a vacation with Mimi - to Doña Clarita\'s old vacation house in Guanajuato. Upon arrival, Maria and Mimi are scared by the butler Franki who guides them through the haunted house. Both Maria and Mimi survive two scary hands, a cyclop, a giant talking frog, a fern monster, a werewolf, and many more horrific things. To Maria\'s surprise, she discovers that those scary characters are the "zopilotes" They catch them and put them in a squishing torture machine. Maria and Mimi, on the verge of death, are saved by Franki who was a detective investigating Doña Clarita\'s murder - committed by her family members. Maria with all these surprises asks Franki, whose real name is Maldonado, permission to faint on the floor. As she does, Marciano, Paz, Braulio, Raul, and Laura end up arrested for homicide.'] ["{{plot}} A boy named Carlos  arrives at an orphanage, thinking that he will be staying there temporarily, until his father returns from the Spanish Civil War. In the center of its courtyard, there is a bomb which was defused. Carlos then sees a ghost of a boy in the kitchen doorway who disappears shortly after. When he goes in to investigate, he is distracted by two orphans, Galvez and Owl, whom he befriends. He shows them his toys and comics, until Jaime , an older orphan, steals one of them. Carlos starts to fight with him but is distracted by the sight of his tutor and his bodyguard driving away without him. Although he doesn't know it, his father is dead, and he will be staying in the orphanage indefinitely. Dr. Casares , the assistant administrator, sympathizes with him. That night, in his bed, Carlos is distracted by noises, suggested to be a ghost. The alleged ghost knocks over a pitcher of water, which wakes the rest of the orphans. Carlos and Jaime dare each other to go into the kitchen and refill the water pitchers. Carlos wanders down a spiral staircase, where he hears the ghost, who tells him cryptically that many will die. He runs away, but Jacinto ([[Eduardo Noriega , a former orphan who now works at the orphanage, catches him. The next day, Carlos does not reveal why he was out, which earns him Jaime's respect. However only when Carlos saves Jaime from drowning at the cost of having his face cut by Jacinto does Jaime's bullying of Carlos' cease. Jaime offers him a drawing and a piece of cake in return for the stolen comic book, but Carlos refuses. When a long sigh is heard, another orphan claims it is a ghost, and explains to Carlos that a boy named Santi  had disappeared on the same night the bomb was dropped. Since then, there has been a ghost haunting the orphanage. Jaime apparently does not believe in the ghost. One night, Carlos sneaks out to the courtyard. He approaches the bomb and asks it to show him where Santi is. In response, a paper streamer on the bomb is caught by the wind and leads him to the ghost, but Carlos becomes scared and runs away. The ghost follows him into the main building and corners Carlos at the end of a hallway. Frightened, Carlos locks himself in a closet, where he sleeps that night. Later when Carlos looks in Jaime's sketchbook and finds a picture of Santi bleeding, he realizes that Jaime knows more than he's telling. Jacinto has been in the orphanage for a long time and despises the place. His girlfriend Conchita , on whom Jaime has a crush, has plans to marry Jacinto. Jacinto, meanwhile, is aware of a stash of gold at the orphanage, and he uses sexual favors to steal keys from Carmen , the head of the orphanage, to open the safe. Carmen loves Dr. Casares, though she is unwilling to acknowledge this. Dr. Casares is embarrassed by his impotence and it seems to inhibit his confidence in demonstrating his affection for Carmen. Jacinto is unsuccessful in stealing the right key to the safe. On a trip to town, Dr. Casares witnesses Carlos' tutor and his bodyguard being executed by the army. Dr. Casares plans to lead the orphans away from the orphanage, because of the rapidly escalating war. Jacinto demands the gold but is forced to leave at gunpoint. As the orphans and staff prepare to leave, Conchita discovers Jacinto preparing to blow up the safe. She threatens him with a shotgun, he taunts her, and she accidentally shoots him in the shoulder. In the ensuing melee, Jacinto succeeds in burning much of the orphanage down before leaving. An explosion kills Carmen and many orphans, leaving many of the survivors badly wounded, including Dr. Casares who resolves to take up guard duty over the remains of the orphanage, waiting at the window with a shotgun for the return of Jacinto. The night after the explosion, Jaime tells Carlos that he was present when Santi was killed. They had been collecting slugs near the cistern, a man-made pool of water in the cellar under the kitchen. Santi heard a noise and discovered Jacinto trying to break into the safe. Santi ran back into the cellar and Jacinto followed. Jacinto tried to threaten Santi; when they struggled, Jacinto slammed him against a support column. Santi suffered a serious head wound and went into shock. Jacinto panicked and rushed off. In Jacinto's absence, Jaime came out of his hiding place and tried his best to comfort the mortally wounded Santi, the scene being revealed to the audience as the same one that was foreshadowed at the very beginning of the film.{{clarify}} Jaime then heard Jacinto returning, and ran off. Jacinto, unaware of Jaime's presence, tied weights to Santi's body and pushed him in the cistern, where he drowned. The second day after the explosion, Dr. Casares succumbs to his wounds, but before dying vows to the boys that he will not leave them. Meanwhile, Jacinto is en route back to the orphanage with two allies. While driving, he meets an exhausted Conchita, who has walked all night to get help in the town. Jacinto stops the vehicle and demands that Conchita apologize for shooting him. Conchita refuses, as she is no longer afraid of him. Jacinto stabs her in the stomach, killing her. Leaving her body on the side of the road, Jacinto and his friends make their way to the orphanage, where they imprison the surviving orphans and then look for the gold. Jacinto and his accomplices manage to open the damaged safe where Jacinto saw the gold hidden, but it is now empty. The conspirators angrily abandon Jacinto, take the car and leave him at the orphanage. In his despair Jacinto catches a glint of light in the rubble, and finds the gold hidden in Carmen's prosthetic leg, half-buried in debris. The orphans rationalize that they will be killed once Jacinto finds the gold. They sharpen sticks with shards of glass as makeshift weapons, and Galvez volunteers to climb out of a small, high window in order to open the locked door from the outside. Unfortunately, Galvez severely injures his ankle after he slips and falls from the window and is unable to move. Very much to the surprise of the other boys, the door suddenly unlocks and opens of its own accord. The boys quickly exit and come to the aid of Galvez, who tells them that it was Dr. Casares who opened the door and that the doctor told him that the boys must be brave and protect one another. The boys find Dr. Casares' monogrammed pocket square in the hallway, and move to confront Jacinto. The boys cleverly lure Jacinto into the cellar, and distract him while Jaime stabs him in the chest. The boys then push the wounded Jacinto into the same pool of water where he drowned Santi. Weighed down by the gold in his pockets and dragged down by the ghost of Santi, Jacinto drowns. The surviving children then leave the orphanage, watched over silently by the ghost of Dr. Casares."] ['13-year-old DJ Walters spies on his elderly neighbor, Mr. Nebbercracker, who confiscates any item landing in his yard. DJ\'s parents leave town for the weekend for a dentists\' convention, leaving him in the care of Elizabeth "Zee". Charles "Chowder", DJ\'s best friend, loses his basketball on Nebbercracker\'s lawn. DJ is caught by Nebbercracker while recovering it, who rages at him before apparently suffering a heart attack and being taken away by an ambulance. That night, DJ receives phone calls from Nebbercracker\'s house with no one on the other end. DJ eavesdrops on Zee\'s boyfriend Bones, who tells Zee about losing his kite on Nebbercracker\'s lawn when he was younger, and that Nebbercracker supposedly ate his wife. Later, Bones sees his kite in the doorway of Mr. Nebbercracker\'s house, but he and the kite are consumed by the house as he is retrieving it. The next morning, Jenny Bennett is selling Halloween chocolates. DJ and Chowder see her going to Nebbercracker\'s house, and they rush out to warn her, catching her before she is eaten by the house. Jenny calls the police, but officers Landers and Lester do not believe their story. The trio seek advice from Reginald "Skull" Skulinski, who is claimed to be an expert on the supernatural. They learn that the house is a "domus mactabilis" ; a being created when a human soul merges with a structure. They assume the house is inhabited by Nebbercracker\'s soul. The only way to kill the house is to destroy its heart; its source of life. They conclude that the heart must be the fireplace, as DJ realizes that the chimney has been smoking since Nebbercracker died. Chowder provides a cold medicine-filled dummy that should cause the house to sleep long enough for them to douse the furnace. Officers Landers and Lester thwart their plan, and they are arrested when Landers finds the cold medicine, stolen from Chowder\'s father\'s pharmacy, inside the dummy. The cops place the trio in their car while they examine the house. The house eats Landers, Lester and the car. DJ, Chowder and Jenny escape the car but are trapped in the house. The house falls asleep and they begin exploring. They fall into the basement and find a collection of toys accumulated from Nebbercracker\'s lawn, as well as a cage containing the body of Constance the Giantess, Nebbercracker\'s wife, encased in cement. The house realizes they are inside and attacks them. DJ, Chowder and Jenny force the house to vomit them outside by grabbing its uvula. Nebbercracker arrives home alive, revealing that the house is possessed by Constance. As a young man Nebbercracker met Constance, who was an unwilling member of a circus sideshow, and fell in love with her despite her obesity. After helping her escape, she and Nebbercracker began building the house. One Halloween, as children tormented her, Constance tried hurting them with an axe, but lost her footing and died in the foundations of the house; the cement buried her body. Nebbercracker finished the house after Constance\'s death, knowing it was what she would have wanted. Aware that Constance\'s spirit made the house come alive, Nebbercracker tried keeping people away by pretending to hate children. DJ tells Nebbercracker it is time to let Constance go, but she overhears. The house breaks free from its foundation and chases the group to a construction site. Nebbercracker attempts to convince Constance that she should die while holding a stick of dynamite, but Constance refuses. As she tries to eat him, Chowder fights the house off with a back hoe, causing it to fall into a pit. DJ is given the dynamite, and he and Jenny climb to the top of a crane while Chowder distracts Constance. DJ throws the dynamite into the chimney, destroying the house. The trio see Nebbercracker with Constance\'s spirit for the last time before she fades away. DJ apologizes to Nebbercracker for the loss of his house and wife, but Nebbercracker thanks DJ and the kids for freeing him and Constance. That night, children in their Halloween costumes are lined up at the site of Nebbercracker\'s house, where DJ, Chowder and Jenny help him return the toys to their owners. Jenny\'s parents pick her up and DJ and Chowder go trick-or-treating, which they previously thought they were too old for. Those who were eaten by the house emerge from the basement.'] [' The film opens in a Manhattan radio studio during a broadcast by crime reporter Lawrence Lawrence —"Larry" to his friends, as well as his enemies, who are many in number among the local underworld. Listening in on the broadcast is pretty brunette Mary Carter , whose high-rise hotel room goes dark as a violent thunderstorm causes a city-wide blackout. In the near darkness, a knock comes at her door. It is Mr. Parada , a suave, vaguely sinister Cuban solicitor. He delivers the deed to her inherited plantation and mansion, "Castillo Maldito," on a small island off the coast of Cuba. Despite Parada\'s discouragement, she impulsively decides to travel to Cuba by ship to inspect her new property. During Parada\'s visit, Mary receives a telephone call from Mr. Mederes , an even more sinister gent who warns Mary not to sell the newly inherited property to Parada. Mary agrees to meet Mederes later. Meanwhile, after Larry Lawrence has finished broadcasting the evening\'s exposé of a local crime boss, he receives a telephone call from the crime boss, Frenchy Duval . Frenchy invites Larry to his hotel to discuss the broadcast so he can "give it" to him straight. Coincidentally, Frenchy is living in the same hotel where Mary Carter lives. Mederes arrives on the same hotel floor as Larry. However, Mederes is looking for Parada. Mederes confronts Parada and Parada shoots and kills him. Larry hears the shot and fires his gun at random. In a mix-up in the still-darkened building, Larry sees the body and believes he\'s killed one of Duval\'s henchmen. In the confusion he finds himself in the rooms of Mary Carter, who is already busy packing for her journey. Believing that he is being pursued by Duval\'s men, Larry hides in Mary\'s large open trunk. Unaware of Larry\'s presence, Mary locks the trunk and arranges for its transport to the harbor. Later at the dock, Larry\'s valet Alex  searches among the luggage bound for loading and finds Larry among them. Although not in time to prevent the trunk\'s transfer to the ship\'s hold, Alex manages to get on board, hoping to extricate his employer before the ship sails. Once in her stateroom, Mary is surprised to unpack Larry along with the rest of her belongings. Larry and Alex decide to remain on board, partly to act as bodyguards to the plucky beauty, but also to keep out of reach of Frenchy Duval and the police. As Larry and Mary strike up a flirtation, they run into an acquaintance of Mary\'s, Geoff Montgomery ([[Richard Carlson , a young professorial type who regales them with tales of the local superstitions of their destination, particularly voodoo, ghosts and zombies. Upon reaching port in Havana, Mary, Larry, Alex go to the island. En route they find a shack occupied by an old woman  and her catatonic son , whom they believe is a zombie. The imposing plantation manor proves to be a spooky edifice indeed. They begin to explore the long-abandoned, cobweb-ridden mansion, and discover a large portrait of a woman who is nearly an exact likeness of Mary—most certainly an ancestor. Soon they are terrorized by the appearance of a ghost, and the reappearance of the zombie. Are these real, or are they a ruse to frighten Mary away from her inheritance?'] ['During his first day as an insurance agent, Jun-Oh, receives a phone call from a lady enquiring if a life insurance policy could be collected if someone commits suicide. A few days later Jun-Oh is asked to personally come to the home of an insurance policy holder. When Jun-Oh arrives at their home he is greeted by a grim man. They talk for a little while, before the father asks the insurance agent to go into their son’s room and have a talk with him. When the insurance agent opens the son’s door he finds the boy hanging from a noose, dead from an apparent suicide. The father then shows up Jun-Oh’s office and asks for the money pertaining to his son’s life insurance policy. Jun-Oh is suspicious of the man and tells him he has to wait until the coroner’s report comes in. The man becomes furious and then leaves. The father returns the next day and the next day and the next day. Finally Jun-Oh’s boss decides to pay the man his son’s life insurance policy. Jun-Oh’s life doesn’t return to normal and in fact descends further downward because of a stalker that may well be the insurance policy holder that they just paid off.'] ["A married couple with two young children move into a Pennsylvania farmhouse that turns out to be inhabited by demons. Darren McGavin portrays the TV producer husband, while Sandy Dennis plays his actress wife. Popular child star Johnny Whitaker co-stars as their oldest child, who becomes possessed and begins to torment his family and their friends. When the mother begins to sense that something may be wrong with her son, her husband and friends think she is going insane. In the end, only the mother's devotion can drive the demon from her son."] ['The miniseries is an adaptation of The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer: My Life at Rose Red , written by Ridley Pearson under the pseudonym Joyce Reardon, Ph.D. Pearson\'s novel was based on the script of Stephen King\'s Rose Red. The plot revolves around the construction of the Rimbauer mansion, Rose Red, in Seattle, Washington, USA. The film traces a series of mysterious accidents throughout the mansion\'s early history which eventually leads it to being haunted. The Diary of Ellen Rimbauer is a prequel to the 2002 TV miniseries Stephen King\'s Rose Red. In its efforts to "explain" the supernatural events in the earlier project, it is set at the turn of the 20th century, when the stately, sinister Rose Red mansion is constructed by powerful Seattle oil magnate John Rimbauer  as a wedding present for his timid, submissive young bride, Ellen . Rimbauer owned an oil company, and used much of his wealth to build the mansion, which was in the Tudor-Gothic style and situated on {{convert}} of woodland in the heart of Seattle, Washington, in the United States. The site was a Native American burial ground . The house appeared cursed even as it was being constructed: Three construction workers were killed on the site, and a construction foreman was murdered by a co-worker. Shortly after her marriage to Rimbauer, Ellen began keeping a remarkable diary. This diary became the secret place where Ellen could confess her anxieties about her new marriage, express her confusion over her emerging sexuality and contemplate the nightmare that her life was becoming. The diary not only follows the development of a girl into womanhood, it follows the construction of the Rimbauer mansion—called Rose Red—an enormous home that would be the site of so many horrific and inexplicable tragedies in the years ahead. At first impressed by her husband\'s extravagance, Ellen eventually comes to hate and fear John, especially when learning a few unsavory facts about his past. Meanwhile, the mansion seems to be festooned with ghosts, possibly those of the many people close to John who have mysteriously vanished. The eerie moanings and manifestations are interpreted as a warning to Ellen that she, too, may some day disappear without a trace. As revealed in the miniseries, Ellen Rimbauer and her maid and closest friend Sukeena continue to live in the house. Ellen believed that if she continued to build the house, she would never die. Rimbauer used nearly all of her dead husband\'s fortune to continually add to the home over the next several decades, enlarging it significantly . Mysterious disappearances continued: Deanna Petrie, an actress friend of Ellen Rimbauer\'s, and Sukeena both disappeared over the next few years. Ellen Rimbauer herself disappeared in 1950, though through supernatural means, the house continued to grow, with new rooms, hallways, and staircases appearing overnight.'] ['John James , a recently divorced novelist, moves into an old house in the country with his teenage daughter, Louisa , and young son, Sam . John and Louisa\'s relationship is strained and she accuses him of never loving her mother, and ruining everything. While exploring the surrounding fields and forest they come across a large burial mound. Louisa is instantly attracted to it, whereas Sam is reluctant to go near it. On their first night in the house Louisa hears strange noises outside her bedroom window. She does not see the humanoid creature lurking close-by on the roof. The next day Sam finds a loaded shotgun hidden inside the piano in the living room, Sam begins to point it at Louisa and his father, later John buries it in the garden. In town, John learns that his house is locally famous for the disappearance of a woman who lived there. Later, he finds Louisa\'s pet cat torn apart near the house. Louisa returns to the mound after school and, while relaxing in the sunshine, hears strange noises and cuts away as we hear what sounds like something pouncing towards Louisa. That night John finds a trail of muddy footprints leading from the open front door to the bathroom. Louisa is inside with the door locked, sitting in the tub, washing mud from her body and hair. The muddy water draining away turns red with blood . Later that night, John finds Louisa sleepwalking in her room. When he takes her back to bed he finds a strange doll made from straw which Louisa knows nothing about, inside of which is a dark ball containing a live spider. The next morning Louisa comes down for breakfast wearing a short dress and make-up. When John asks her about the doll she claims not to have seen it before. When Louisa and Sam are at school Louisa is bullied by a preppy girl, and once she gets home she rips the head off her doll. John finds a pile of muddy clothes in her room, the head of Louisa\'s toy doll at the burial mound, and the bloody remains of a blackbird and a nest of spiders in the drawer where Lousia\'s straw doll was kept. Louisa is again confronted and bullied by the preppy girl, and she starts eyeing the stairs directly behind the girl. He\'s called in to pick Louisa up from school when she complains of stomach pain, and on the way in he sees the preppy girl whose arm is in a brace. Cassandra says that the girl said she "fell down the stairs". When Sam\'s teacher, Cassandra , gives John her phone number, Louisa becomes territorial. That night, John sees Louisa emerging from the woods after having forbidden her to return to the mound. She has a rash and what looks like bite marks on the skin around her neck, and at dinner she eats in an animal manner and as though starved. John finds an article about burial mounds on the internet and telephones an expert on the subject, Professor White , but is ignored. He then reads about the previous owner of the house, Sarah Wayne: she disappeared one day without a trace, after having locked her teenage daughter in her bedroom from the outside. The daughter was eventually found alive and went to live with her grandfather, Roger Wayne . John leaves the children with a babysitter and goes to see Roger Wayne and discovers that he burned down his house with his granddaughter inside. Roger tells John that she wasn\'t his granddaughter anymore. In the girl\'s room, John finds a strange nest made from twigs and straw and a depiction of the burial mound scrawled on her wall. While John is away, the babysitter is locked out of the house and killed by the creatures. Sam hides in his room as a mound-walker tries to get in. John arrives home, discovers Louisa, and asks what happened to the babysitter, but she says she does not know. After the police leave, Louisa vomits on the hallway floor. John takes her to bed and she tearfully asks him if he\'s going to leave her like her mother did. He tells her he never will. John dreams of a doorway on top of the burial mound and Louisa transforming into a creature. The next day he finds the same kind of nest in Louisa\'s room. He decides to take action, digs up the shotgun and hires a contractor to destroy the burial mound. Before the demolition takes place, Professor White arrives and pleads with John to wait. He tells him of an ancient civilization who worshiped the burial mounds, believing them to be the homes of ancient Gods, or "mound-walkers". He mentions a ritual involving the exchange of gifts, including small straw dolls, and the mound-walkers search for a young girl to mate with who could give birth to a new generation of deities and help them reclaim the earth. Horrified by this, John instructs the bulldozer to start its work. When it cuts into the mound, the body of the babysitter is discovered. John is taken to the police station for questioning while Cassandra the teacher looks after the kids. That night, when Officer Ed Lowry  drives John home, they are attacked and the officer is dragged out of the car screaming. John returns home to discover the house in disarray and finds Cassandra with her throat slit open. Before she dies she reaches for Louisa. Mound-walkers attack the house and John shoots and kills them. After the attack, Louisa is missing, and her screams can be heard coming from the mound. John takes Sam up to his room and tells him to wait for the police, before kissing him goodbye. He goes to the mound to rescue Louisa and finds a tunnel leading into it. He sets a can of gasoline and the explosives from the postponed demolition by the entrance and crawls inside. He finds himself in a deep network of tunnels. He finds Louisa in a pit, unconscious and covered in mud. When he carries her out the creatures start to howl and give chase. In the meantime, Sam comes out of the house, clutching a family portrait, and looks towards the mound. John and Louisa escape the mound and block the entrance with a leaking canister of ANFO , but there is another mound-walker waiting for them. Louisa collapses and begs her father not to leave her. John looks down at her and sees her beginning to transform into one of the creatures. John drops a flare into the leaking diesel fuel and the mound goes up in a huge explosion. After a while, in reflection on the family portrait that Sam is holding, we see a figure emerging slowly from the flames. Sam asks "Daddy?", although the figures identity is unclear. In the background several mound-walkers crawl down the walls of the house and the tree in the yard. Directly behind Sam a creature emerges from the side of the screen. Before it growls a sound is heard that may either be a gun loading or the creature moving. It is left to the viewer\'s interpretation if John and Sam live or die.'] ['The Montelli family move into what they think would be the house of their dreams. However, after discovering that there is a tunnel leading into the house, an evil presence is shown to be lurking within, unknown to the family. After unusual and parnormal activities, like unknown bangings on the door, an ugly message on the youngest kids of the Montelli family\'s room\'s wall , the Montelli mother, Dolores  tries to have the local priest, Father Frank Adamsky , bless the house but he is driven away by her sacrilegious husband, Anthony , who is strict and abusive, before he can properly help. Soon afterward, the family go to church with Anthony, so he can "apologize" for being rude to Adamsky, but the Montelli\'s elder son, Sonny , stays as he is "not feeling well." He soon hears an alarming noise, and goes downstairs to get his father\'s gun, and hears laughter, following it, he then falls victim to demonic possession. Soon, a now possessed Sonny starts to have sexual feelings for his sister Patricia  and decides to "play a game" with her where he is a famous photographer and she is his model. She agrees and eventually ends up having sex with him. She goes to tell Father Adamsky this, but has a breakdown while telling him; Sonny becomes more sinister and like a demon, as his face starts turning into a demon like face, startled he tries to keep his family away, but is unsuccessful due to the possession by the demon, who usually contacts Sonny through his earphones. On Sonny\'s birthday he isolates from his birthday party, and calls Patricia who comes up to check on him. However, due to his demon phases and his body becoming more like a demon, he sends her away calling her a "damn bitch." Patricia runs away, crying, and tries to tell Adamsky that she thinks Sonny is possessed or something, but he doesn\'t answer. Instead, Dolores slaps Patricia after eavesdropping on them. Later that night, the evil spirit tells Sonny to "kill \'em" to which he goes and gets his father\'s gun, shoots his father, then his mother, his younger sister, his younger brother, and after a chase finally kills Patricia. The next day the cops have arrived and pick up the bodies; Sonny is arrested, but states he does not recall of ever killing his family, and is taken away. Adamsky then realizes that Sonny is possessed and asks the church if he can perform an exorcism on Sonny but they refuse, not believing him. He therefore takes it upon himself to free Sonny, and frees him from the prison and takes him to church where Sonny escapes after seeing the crosses on the doors. Adamsky soon runs after Sonny and traces him to the house, where he performs the exorcism, releasing Sonny\'s soul. As the cops arrive, Adamsky asks Father Tom  to take Sonny away from him, while Adamsky is revealed to be possessed. His whereabouts and what happens afterwards is unknown.'] ['The Rolf family takes a vacation from the cityThe specific city is not identified in the film. at a large Victorian era mansion in the California countryside. The family consists of Marian , her husband Ben , their young son David , and their elderly aunt Elizabeth . The owners of the house are the Allardyce siblings, brother Arnold and sister Roz, played by actors Burgess Meredith and Eileen Heckart, respectively. The Allardyces appear at the beginning of the film when they inform their new tenants of a particularly odd requirement for their rental: that the Allardyces\' elderly mother continues to live in her upstairs room and the Rolfs provide her with food during their stay. The siblings explain that the old woman is obsessed with privacy and will probably not interact with them, so meals are to be left outside her door. As it turns out, this task falls to the mother who quickly succumbs to the allure of the ornate house and its period decor. Various "accidents" occur during the summer, including the suspicious death of Aunt Elizabeth. As the film progresses, Ben becomes increasingly depressed and anxious while Marian becomes increasingly obsessed with the house, the old woman in the attic, and all of the Victorian artifacts. It gradually becomes clear that Marian is somehow being possessed or controlled by the house and that a malevolent force is slowly consuming the family. As Ben readies his family to leave the house, Marian decides to go back inside to tell Mrs. Allardyce that they are leaving. After she fails to return to the car Ben goes inside to get her, but cannot find her. Ben decides to confront the elderly Mrs. Allardyce whom he has not seen face to face. Ben is horrified when he finds that his wife has somehow become the old woman in the attic, or perhaps always has been. Ben is thrown from an attic window, landing on the windshield of his car. In shock, David runs toward the house and is killed when one of the chimneys falls on him. When the house is fully rejuvenated and glistening like new, the voices of the Allardyce siblings are heard marveling at the house\'s beauty and rejoicing over the return of their mother. The house is shown to be filled with pictures of various people, many from years past, some more recent - including those of Ben, David and Aunt Elizabeth.'] ['An Anglo-American family, Helen and Paul Curtis  and their daughters Jan  and Ellie , move into a manor. Mrs. Aylwood , the owner of the residence, notices that Jan bears a striking resemblance to her daughter, Karen, who disappeared inside a chapel near the village 30 years previously. Jan begins to see strange blue lights in the woods, triangles and glowing objects. Eventually, Ellie goes to buy a puppy she names "Nerak" . After seeing the reflection of the name "Nerak" , Jan finds out about the mystery of Mrs. Aylwood\'s missing daughter. Several strange occurrences appear, beginning with Mrs. Aylwood saving Jan after she falls into a pond looking at a blue circle, and ending with Jan finding a man named John, who explains that Karen did disappear but has not died. He tells her that in a seance-like ceremony, Karen disappeared after lightning struck the tower and a bell fell on top of her. They find out that the disappearance of Karen is linked to a solar eclipse. Jan figures out she needs to repeat the sequence through the strange possession of Ellie. In the chapel, something possesses Ellie and explains the accidental switch that took place 30 years ago. Ellie explains that Karen was taken to another dimension, while an alien-like being, the Watcher, came to earth. The Watcher then appears independently as a pillar of light, fueled by the "circle of friendship". It engulfs Jan and lifts her into the air, but Jan\'s friend Mike Fleming  intercedes and pulls her away before the Watcher disappears. At the same time, the eclipse ends and Karen, still the same age as when she disappeared, reappears &ndash; still blindfolded. She removes the blindfold as her mother enters the chapel.'] ['In a small suburban town, a group of college students visit a mysterious wax museum, where they encounter several morbid displays, all of which contain stock characters from the horror genre. Two of the students Tony and China enter two separate waxwork displays. Tony is in a cabin where a werewolf attacks him. A hunter and his son come, suppressing their fear. The son fails and is torn in two, while the hunter shoots Tony as he begins the transform. China is sent to a Gothic castle, where vampires attack her and Count Dracula turns her into a vampire. Two of the other students, Mark and Sarah, leave the waxwork unscathed, but are chagrined by the disappearance of their friends. The disappearances continue, and extend to a pair investigating police detectives, one who is trapped in an exhibit of The Mummy, the other is murdered by one of the butlers. Mark takes Sarah to the attic of his house, where he shows her an old newspaper detailing the murder of his grandfather ; the only suspect was David Lincoln, his chief assistant, whose photograph closely resembles the waxwork owner. The two then consult the wheelchair-bound Sir Wilfred, a friend of Mark\'s grandfather, who explains how he and Mark\'s grandfather collected trinkets from "eighteen of the most evil people who ever lived" and that Lincoln stole the artifacts; Lincoln, having sold his soul to the devil, wants to bring their previous owners to life by creating some wax effigies and feeding them the souls of victims, a concept taken from voodoo. Providing all eighteen with a victim would bring about the "voodoo end of the world, when the dead shall rise, and consume all things". On the advice of Sir Wilfred, Mark and Sarah enter the waxwork at night and douse the museum with gasoline. However, Sarah is lured into the display of the Marquis de Sade, and Mark is pushed into a zombie display by the waxwork\'s two butlers. Mark is approached by a horde of zombies, but finds that if he does not believe in the monsters, then they do not exist and cannot harm him. Mark finds his way out of the display and into the Marquis de Sade exhibit, where he rescues Sarah, while the Marquis vows revenge. Despite Mark and Sarah\'s attempts to escape, the displays are completed with the figures and their victims reanimating as evil entities. Suddenly, Sir Wilfred and a huge group of armed men arrive and in the ensuing battle, several waxworks and slayers die, including Lincoln\'s butlers and Mark and Sarah\'s former friends, now evil. Mark duels with the Marquis de Sade, who is finally killed by an axe, wielded by Sarah. The reunited couple is confronted by Lincoln, who dies in a vat of boiling wax. Sir Wilfred is killed by a werewolf as Sarah and Mark manage to escape the burning waxwork with their lives and begin to walk home, not noticing that the hand from the Zombie display is scuttling away from the rubble.'] ["A supposedly haunted house in Covington County is being plowed over to make way for a shopping mall when four, unmarked graves are unearthed. A professor and her students are called in to identify the bodies. Unfortunately, these are the remains of Lilith LeFay and her Blood Coven. During an experiment, the professor mingles her blood with DNA fragments from Lilith's remains leading to her possession. One by one, the students transform into members of the coven to wreak havoc on the town that betrayed and killed them over 300 years ago."] ["The Grudge describes a curse that is born when someone dies in the grip of a powerful rage or extreme sorrow. The curse is an entity created where the person died. Those who encounter this evil supernatural force die and the curse is reborn repeatedly, passed from victim to victim in an endless, growing chain of horror. The following events are explained in their actual order, the film showing them in a non-linear narrative. The Saeki family lived happily in suburban Tokyo, but housewife Kayako Saeki fell in love with her son's teacher Peter Kirk, obsessively writing about him in a diary. However, her husband Takeo discovered the diary, believing Kayako was having an affair, and proceeded to murder his wife by breaking her neck. He then drowned his young son Toshio to cover his tracks, along with the pet cat, Mar. Takeo hid the bodies in the attic and closet, before seemingly committing suicide by hanging himself. Peter comes to the Saeki house to speak with Kayako, only to find her corpse and flees the house, committing suicide the next day before his wife. But, due to the rage the family felt, they rise again as ghosts, notably Kayako who appears as an onryō ghost. A few years after the Saeki family dies, the Williams family move in from America. While husband Matthew is thrilled with the house, his wife Jennifer and dementia-ridden mother Emma feel uncomfortable in the house. Jennifer is quickly consumed by the curse. Matthew returns home to find the house trashed, Emma upset and his wife dying in a bed upstairs.Matthew and Jennifer are killed by Toshio. Yoko, a careworker, arrives at the house the next day to find Emma alone, and discovers a note supposedly written by Jennifer explaining she's gone for a walk. She hears noises from the attic and investigates, only to encounter Kayako who drags her up into the attic. Concerned about Yoko's disappearance, her employer Alex sends another careworker Karen Davis to take over the care for Emma. At the house, Karen finds Emma alone, and is shocked when she finds a seemingly alive Toshio and Mar in the taped up closet, contacting Alex for help. Returning to Emma, Karen witnesses Kayako emerge from the ceiling and attack them both. Alex arrives at the house, finds Emma dead and Karen in a state of pure shock, and summons the police, including Detective Nakagawa. Nakagawa and his partner Igarashi explore the house, finding the bodies of Matthew and Jennifer in the attic along with a bottom jaw. Matthew's sister Susan disappears after being dragged into her bed by Kayako, and Alex is killed when visited by a Kayako-possessed Yoko  at work. Karen begins to be haunted by Kayako herself, informing her boyfriend Doug of the situation. She researches the origins of the house, eventually confronting Nakagawa who explains three of his colleagues investigating the Saeki deaths all were consumed by the curse. That night, Nakagawa goes to the house and tries to burn it down using petrol, but is lured by a gurgling noise coming from the bathtub. He discovers Toshio kneeling beside the bathtub with his head dipped into the water, seemingly drowning, and hurries to help him, but the ghost of Takeo suddenly appears and forces Nakagawa's head into the bathtub and drowns him. Karen races to the house upon learning Doug has ventured there to look for her, experiencing a realistic flashback where Peter visits the house and finds Kayako's corpse. Finding herself back in the present, Karen finds Doug, paralyzed by fear, and attempts to flee the house with him, only to witness Kayako drag herself down the stairs and kill Doug. Karen spots the petrol and manages to ignite it with Doug's lighter just as Kayako is about to kill her. Karen is whisked to hospital, but learns the house still stands. Visiting Doug's body, Karen realizes she is still haunted by Kayako, who appears behind her, and Karen's fate remained unknown, until the sequel."] ['Five Michigan State students venture into the hills of Tennessee to spend their Spring Break vacation in an isolated cabin. There, they find the "Naturan Demanto", a Sumerian variation of the Book of the Dead. They also find a tape recorder that plays demonic incantations from the book, unleashing evil demons. The demons proceed to isolate and kill off the students, beginning with Cheryl, who hears the voices of the demons and goes outside to investigate. Alone and far from the safety of the cabin, Cheryl is attacked by trees possessed by the demons, The others do not believe Cheryl\'s story and assume that she was attacked by a wild animal. Her brother, Ash, decides to drive her to town where she can find a place to stay for the night. However, they find that the only bridge connecting the cabin to civilization has been destroyed with the supports bent into the shape of a hand. Later, Cheryl, with the essence of a demon infesting her body following her encounter with the trees, becomes possessed and stabs Linda, Ash\'s girlfriend, in the ankle with a pencil. Scotty forces Cheryl into the cellar and locks it, but his girlfriend Shelly is also possessed by a demon, which spies on her from outside her bedroom as she is changing before hurling itself at her. Now possessed, Shelly attacks Scotty and sustains a number of brutal injuries before Scotty dismembers her with an axe. Clearly shaken by Shelly\'s death, Scotty leaves to go find an alternate trail through the woods. Ash goes to check on Linda, but finds that she, too, has become possessed, but she makes no attempt to attack him. Scotty returns, having suffered grave injuries inflicted onto him by the possessed trees. He tells Ash that there is an alternate trail through the woods before passing out, and Linda and Cheryl start laughing maniacally at their predicament. The two women suddenly seem to snap out of their possession, but it is revealed to be a trick when Ash almost releases Cheryl from the cellar and she tries to strangle him through the door. Ash locks Linda outside of the cabin and tends to Scotty\'s injuries, but he quickly bleeds to death. Linda sneaks in through the backdoor and attacks Ash with a ceremonial dagger, but Ash is able to take the dagger from her and impale her through her torso, seemingly killing her. Ash takes Linda\'s body to the work shed and tries to dismember her with a chainsaw, but finds that he cannot bring himself to do it and buries her instead. She rises from the grave and wrestles with Ash, who eventually lops her head off with a shovel. Returning to the cabin, Ash finds that Cheryl has escaped. Armed with a shotgun, Ash finds Cheryl hiding outside and shoots her in the shoulder, but it does not seem to have any effect. After barricading all of the doors, Ash descends into the cellar to find some extra shotgun shells, and while down there he experiences a series of strange events such as mysterious voices and blood seeping from numerous crevices and openings in the walls. Scotty\'s body reanimates, now possessed by a demon, and tries to kill Ash, but he cripples him by gouging out his eyes. Ash then notices that the Book of the Dead has fallen near the fireplace and is starting to burn, as are Cheryl and Scotty, giving the illusion that disposal of the book into the fire will destroy the demons. Cheryl breaks into the cabin and knocks Ash down with little effort. While Scotty pins him down, Cheryl repeatedly beats Ash with a fireplace poker. Ash is able to grab the book after several attempts and tosses it into the fireplace just as Cheryl raises the poker to impale him. The demons leave the bodies of Cheryl and Scotty, which then become inanimate and rapidly decay and fall apart. Ash, believing he has survived the ordeal, heads outside. A demon emerges from the woods and descends upon Ash, who turns to see it and lets out a bloodcurdling scream.'] ['The film opens in 1975 at a place called Headstone Manor, which is being used as a "businessman\'s weekend retreat and girls\' summer camp". A few minutes into the film, a group of satanic monks enter the house and kill 18 of its occupants. In 1983, Doctor Lucas Mandeville  and Doctor Barbara Coyle  are sent to investigate radioactive readings in the area that have been traced to Headstone Manor, now known by locals as the House of Death. Along with several other scientists, Mandeville and Coyle set up their equipment in the house, while the Sinister Man , a 700-year-old Satanic priest, prepares a rite in the nearby woods to purge the house of its unwanted guests. During this time, Mandeville reveals that he was once a successful German surgeon named Ludwig Manheim, who was reduced to "smart-arse paranormal research crap" after a humiliation in the past. Coyle also encounters a poltergeist, and the two engage in sexual intercourse. Several satanic clones of Mandeville, Coyle and the other scientists enter house, and begin killing off the originals and taking their place. When Coyle is about to be killed, she is rescued by the poltergeist and saved. The satanic monks then take off in a spaceship, revealing that these monks are aliens using the house for their activities on Earth. The film ends with the spaceship soaring into the skies, with an E.T. voice groaning: "Oh, shit! Not again!".'] ["On Halloween night, Officer Larry  is on night watch at Hull House, where he is confronted and murdered by Angela  with his own police badge. Bad boy Vince , his promiscuous girlfriend Lois , and their friends Nick  and Reggie  are cruising through town in Vince's sidekick Orson's  van. They stop to pick up head cheerleader Holly  and her shy friend Abbie , who broke down on their way to the school dance, on the side of the road. Holly remembers Nick from algebra class on the first day of school, and Nick speculates Holly likes him. While stopped at a convenience store, Reggie tries to buy beer with his brother's fake ID, but the unfriendly clerk pulls out a shotgun. Tempers escalate, and Vince steals the gun just as two police officers enter the store. One of the officers is accidentally shot when the clerk grabs Vince, and the other shoots Reggie in the stomach twice. A fight between the officer and Vince breaks out, destroying the store. The teenagers and a wounded Reggie pile into the van, Vince brings the shotgun, and Orson steals the police officer's gun, and they drive away. Fortunately, the officer they shot is wearing a bulletproof vest and is not harmed. Lieutenant Dewhurst , who is due to retire at midnight that night, watches the security camera playback of what happened, and deduces that the clerk's story of a robbery is a cover for stealing the money from the cash register, and that the kids are scared and frightened teens rather than vicious cop killers. In the van, Vince notices that the gas tank is almost empty, and they decide to hide out at Hull House. Abbie tells Vince that the place is possessed and not to cross over the underground stream, since demons cannot cross over running water, but Vince forces them all to enter at gunpoint. Vince, trying to prove demons don't exist, taunts them and shoots a hole in the wall, causing the evil spirit that possesses the house to rush upstairs from the crematorium in the guise of Angela. Orson decides to stand up for himself and reveal that he has the cop's pistol, and tells Vince that he'll watch the others and Angela while Nick, Lois, and Vince make sure Angela is alone in the house. Angela puts on some music and does an erotic dance to distract Orson, and Abbie and Holly see this as an opportunity to escape with Reggie. Holly tries hot wiring the van, but remembers that Nick is still inside. Angela begins to seduce Orson, sucking the bullets out of the gun through the barrel, then kisses Orson and her long, demon tongue shoots through the back of his head, killing him. Meanwhile, upstairs, Nick sneaks up on Vince and Lois who are making out, but fails to take the shotgun and Vince fires the gun at Nick but misses. Outside, Holly hears the shot, and then overhears a voice over Larry's police radio and finds his car. Abbie leaves Reggie in the van to look for Holly, but Angela and takes her to a small chapel. She plays on Abbie's insecurities of being unpopular and says she can make her an irresistible woman, and the demonic Angela kisses her and possesses her as well. The badly wounded Reggie hears his name called, and leaves the van, only to be run over by the now possessed Orson. Abbie, who has been turned into a demonic version of her cat costume, seduces Vince until he hears the van crash. Lois is scratched by Abbie, then is pursued by Angela, who causes her hand to transform into a snake head which bites her. Holly smashes the police car window to call the police, but is attacked by Officer Larry. He chases Holly across the courtyard when she steps over the underground stream; Larry tries to step over it and is disintegrated. Nick finds Holly going back into the house to get everyone out. After encountering Orson, they hide in the attic and share a kiss. Orson appears, and Holly throws a can of lye in his face. They rush down to the hall when Dewhurst appears and he explains that he wants to help, then handcuffs them and takes them outside. Vince runs outside using Angela as a hostage. Dewhurst tells Vince that the officer he shot didn't die, but Angela convinces Vince that Dewhurst is lying. Vince opens fire, but is shot through the eye and killed, and Angela returns to her demon form. The other demons appear, and Angela offers to let Dewhurst and Nick go free if she will willingly give up her pure and powerful soul. Holly agrees, and Angela turns Vince into a demon. The other demons make their way inside to Hell. Dewhurst creates a diversion, and stabs Angela with Nick's switchblade. Nick gets in the police car and rams Angela against a tree. As dawn breaks, Angela disappears inside the house. As the three make their way to the gate, Dewhurst tells Nick and Holly that they weren't on the security camera at the store and no one will ever know they were there. Angela reappears just as they're about to escape and pulls Dewhurst's heart from his chest. She chases Holly and Nick and just before they cross the underground stream, Angela grabs Holly's arm. Nick ends up pulling Holly and Angela both over the stream and Angela dissolves. Holly leaves a cross made of sticks at the gate and promises she'll be back every Halloween to make sure no one ever goes inside again."] [' In September 2006, young couple Katie and Micah have recently moved to the suburbs. Katie claims that an "evil" presence has haunted her periodically since childhood and believes that it is still following her. Each night, Micah mounts a video camera on a tripod in their bedroom to record any activity that occurs while they sleep. The first night, the camera records running footstep noises. Katie hires psychic Dr. Fredrichs, who assesses that she is being haunted not by a ghost but by a demon. He says the demon feeds off negative energy and its intent is to torment Katie no matter where she goes. He advises them not to taunt or communicate with the demon and to contact demonologist Dr. Johann Abrams for help. Though Katie seems interested in the situation, Micah does not take it seriously. During the third night, the camera captures a low rumble and the bedroom door moving by itself. On the fifth night, demonic noises are heard before Katie awakes from a nightmare before a loud thump is heard from the living room. Micah begins to taunt the demon and the phenomena worsen. On the thirteenth night, Katie is awoken by a noise in the hallway before a screech and a loud thud. The chandelier is found to be swaying when they investigate downstairs. Micah later captures a demonic grunt with a voice recorder. During the fifteenth night, Katie gets up and stares at Micah sleeping for two hours before going outside to sit on the backyard swing. Micah tries to convince Katie to come inside but she refuses. When Micah goes inside to get her a blanket, he hears a bang in the bedroom and finds the bedroom TV turned on. Micah is then startled by Katie, who followed him inside but says that he woke her up. Katie remembers nothing the next day. Katie, irritated by Micah\'s flippant response to the situation, becomes irate when Micah brings home a Ouija board despite Dr. Fredrichs\' warnings. The two go out of the house that evening, leaving the Ouija board in the living room. The curtains and plants start to blow around and the Ouija board\'s planchette moves on its own and small fire erupts on the board and extinguishes itself. During the seventeenth night, Micah sprinkles talcum powder in the hallway and when the couple is awoken by noises, they find non-human footprints leading to the bedroom from the attic. In the attic, Micah finds a burnt photograph of a young Katie, which was previously thought to have been destroyed in an unexplained house fire when Katie was eight years old. On the eighteenth night, loud footsteps wake the couple up and are heard running out of the bedroom slamming the door. The demon continues to close and bang on the door when they leave to investigate. Dr. Abrams is unavailable when Micah finally agrees to invite him, so Dr. Fredrichs comes instead. Upon his arrival, Dr. Fredrichs immediately has a sense of dread and apologetically leaves despite their pleas for his help, stating that his presence is only making the demon angry. During the nineteenth night, the bed covers move, the closet light turns on and off and a shadow is seen on the door before Katie is woken up by breathing in her face. Micah discovers a woman from the 1960s with the same haunting who became possessed during an exorcism and killed herself. Katie is pulled out of the bedroom toward the closet by an unknown force during the twentieth night and discovers bite marks on her back. Later Micah finds Katie gripping a cross so tightly that it bloodies her palm. Just as he is set to leave for a motel, Katie insists that they will be okay now, her voice flat with another voice in tandem with her own.  The following night Katie gets out of bed and stands beside it staring at Micah for approximately two hours and then walks downstairs. After a moment of silence, Katie screams Micah\'s name, waking Micah who rushes to her. The camera records Katie screaming incessantly. Then Katie\'s screaming stops and a brief silence is followed by the sound of heavy footsteps coming up the stairs. After another brief silence, Micah\'s body is violently hurled at the camera, knocking it over sideways and revealing Katie standing in the doorway. She then slowly walks into the room, her clothing soaked with blood. Crouching over his body, she sniffs Micah\'s body and then slowly looks up at the camera with a sly smile. As she lunges toward the camera, her face takes on a demonic appearance just as the scene cuts to black. An epilogue text states that Micah\'s body was discovered by the police on October 11, 2006, and that Katie\'s whereabouts remain unknown.   In its original version, the film featured a different ending. In this version, after going downstairs on the final night and waking Micah with a scream, only Katie is shown returning to the bedroom, holding a large bloody kitchen knife, her shirt bloodied. She sits beside the bed, holding the knife and rocking herself, until about 2 p.m. the next day, when her friend Amber calls and leaves a message expressing her concern. At about 9:20 p.m. that night, Katie is still sitting and rocking by the bed, and Amber can be heard entering the house. During this short period, Katie stops rocking, but when Amber screams  and runs out of the house, she resumes her motion. Half an hour later, just after 9:50 p.m., police enter the home and discover Micah\'s body as well. As they are checking Micah for vital signs, a light turns on in the bedroom down the hallway, but before the police see it, the light turns off again. They discover Katie, still sitting beside the bed with the knife. As they call to her, she wakes from her catatonic state and seems confused. As she approaches them, knife in hand, calling for Micah, they ask her to drop the weapon. Suddenly the bedroom door behind the police officers slams shut, startling them and causing them to shoot Katie, who collapses on the floor. The police then call dispatch and check the bedroom at the end of the hall, but find nothing. They discover the video camera, still running. A dedication to and a picture of Katie and Micah are then shown. The original ending for the film was available for a time for viewing on the Internet before Paramount exerted a claim of copyright on the material.{{cite news|urlSo What Was \'Paranormal Activity\'s Original Ending?|lastWilliam |dateHorror Squad|accessdate"oreninterview">{{cite web}} In this ending, Katie gets out of bed and stands staring at Micah, as she did in the theatrical ending, except she does not move to Micah\'s side of the bed. About three hours pass, then she finally goes downstairs. She lets out a blood-curdling scream, which wakes Micah up and he runs downstairs. The screaming continues, and the sounds of a struggle are heard before the noises abruptly stop. There is silence for a short while before loud footsteps are heard on the stairs. Katie then walks into the bedroom, Micah\'s blood covering her shirt, with a knife in her hand. She closes and locks the bedroom door, before walking up to the camera, standing idle briefly. She then lifts the knife and slits her own throat, then falls to the floor, dead.'] [' A woman  is in an abandoned house looking for her boyfriend. After she discovers his body, she is stabbed in the head, and her body is dragged through a cellar door. In New York City, Bob  and his parents, Norman and Lucy Boyle , are moving. Norman\'s ex-colleague, Dr. Peterson, who murdered his mistress before committing suicide, was the previous owner. The Boyles are to stay there, whilst Norman researches old houses. As his mother packs, Bob looks at a photograph of a house and sees a girl in it who warns him to stay away. In New Whitby, Boston, Bob waits in his parents\' car while they collect keys. The girl from the photograph appears across the street. The girl, Mae , psychically warns Bob to stay away. In the real estate office, Mrs. Gittelson  is annoyed when her colleague hands the couple "the Freudstein" keys. She insists it is called "Oak Mansion". Gittelson promises to find a babysitter. Oak Mansion is in a poor state of repair. The cellar door is locked and nailed shut. A woman arrives and introduces herself as Anne, the babysitter . That night, Norman hears noises and finds Anne unblocking the cellar door. The next day, Norman goes to the library to peruse Peterson\'s materials. The assistant librarian, Daniel Douglas , informs Norman that Peterson conducted private research at the house. He studied records of area disappearances and other demographic data. Mae shows Bob a tombstone on the grounds marked "Mary Freudstein" and says she is not really dead. Indoors, Lucy finds the tombstone of "Jacob Tess Freudstein". When Norman returns, he reassures her that some old houses have indoor tombs, because of the hard wintry ground. Norman opens the cellar door and walks down the stairs only be attacked by a bat, which he stabs. Spooked, the family drives down to the estate office and demands to be re-housed, but are told it will be few more days before they can move. While the Boyles are at hospital to treat Norman\'s injuries from the bat, Gittelson arrives at the house to tell them of a new property. Letting herself in, she stands by the Freudstein tombstone, which cracks apart, pinning her ankle. A figure emerges, stabs her in the neck with a fireplace poker, and drags her into the cellar. The next morning, Lucy finds Anne cleaning a bloodstain on the kitchen floor. Anne eludes Lucy\'s questions about the stain. Over coffee, Norman tells Lucy that he\'s discovered that Freudstein was a Victorian surgeon who conducted illegal experiments. Norman must travel to New York to research Freudstein. On the way, Norman drops by the library and finds a cassette of Peterson, which explains Freudstein killed his family. Anne goes to the cellar looking for Bob, but is decapitated by Freudstein. Bob sees Anne\'s head, and exits screaming. Lucy refuses to believe Bob\'s tale about Anne. That evening, Bob returns to the cellar looking for Anne. Lucy hears Bob\'s cries and tries to open the cellar door. When she cannot open the door, Norman returns and attacks it with an axe. The rotting hands of Freudstein  appear and restrain Bob. One axe blow chops off the monster\'s hand, and he staggers away, holding Bob. The cellar contains mutilated bodies, surgical equipment and a slab. Freudstein is a living corpse with rotting flesh. Norman tells Lucy the 150-year-old Freudstein lives by using his victims\' parts to regenerate blood cells. Norman attacks Freudstein, but the ghoul twists the axe away. He grabs a knife off a tray and stabs Freudstein. Freudstein picks up Norman and rips his throat out. Lucy and Bob climb a ladder leading to the cracked tombstone. Lucy strains to shift the stone, but Freudstein grabs her. Freudstein kills Lucy by ramming her head into the concrete floor. As Freudstein advances up the ladder, Bob strains to escape. Suddenly, Bob is yanked upwards and finds Mae. With Mae is her mother, Mary Freudstein , who urges them to leave. Freudstein leads Mae and Bob down the wintry grove into a netherworld of ghosts and sadness.'] ["Paul Marnac  and his infirm wife Geneviève  move to his childhood estate in the French countryside. The estate is also the site of the castle inhabited by Paul's ancestor Alaric de Marnac, who was known for brutally slaughtering anyone whom he suspected of infidelity. There is a legend that Alaric rises from the grave to continue his deeds. The estate is currently inhabited by Paul's aunt Maville  and cousin Julie . Right after Paul and Geneviève arrive, mysterious things begin to happen. Geneviève begins to wonder if the legend about Alaric is true."] ["The story focuses on Aman Sharma a.k.a. Banku , who has recently shifted into an old bungalow in Goa, with his parents, Aditya  and Anjali . His father Aditya is an engineer on a cruise line, and therefore moves with his cruise. They are made aware that the bungalow is haunted, but they disregard this. Banku is enrolled in St. Francis High School, and Anjali hires a kindhearted and comedic drunken thief, Anthony , as a servant to clean the house. Soon one night Banku goes down to the living room to have some ice-cream when he sees a shadow on the wall. Frightened, he calls out to his mom and then sees that the bowl in which he was having ice-cream has vanished. Later he goes down again past a sleeping Anjali to investigate. It is then that he sees the ghost of Kailash Nath  and then they start arguing on whether Mr. Nath is a ghost or an angel. Banku nicknames him Bhootnath as Mr. Nath says that he is a bhoot and also says that he is Nath. Since the ghost of Kailash Nath does not want anybody to occupy his house, he tries different ways to scare Banku and his mother, but Banku considers him as angel and treats him like a friend. Soon, Mr. Nath is overpowered by Banku's innocent love, especially after a minor incident of Banku's fall from the stairs for which Mr. Nath is in fact responsible. The two become friends and thoroughly enjoy the company of one another. It is at this point that Mr. Nath's son returns from the US and plans to sell off this bungalow. Angered, Mr. Nath scares the buyers but Anjali comes to know the existence of him. He then tells his story to Banku and Anjali how his son deserted him at the time of need and left for the US. Later, Aditya and Anjali decide to perform the final rites of Mr. Nath to give him Moksha. It is performed by Banku and Mr.Nath bids an emotional farewell to Banku. By this time, Mr.Nath's son also comes to know his fault and apologizes. In the end, Banku is sad that Bhoothnath is no more. However, bhoothnath returns and says that he is always there for him."] ['In the beginning, The Off Season appears to be the story of a young couple from New York City moving up to Maine to get away from it all. Soon, strange things begin to happen in the one-room apartment that they occupy -- things that the once close couple cannot discuss with each other. This is not a typical ghost story resulting from a tragic death, but the tale of a place haunted by guilt and the fear of abandonment. Unlike most traditional ghost stories, which take place in an old mansion, castle or other giant structure, The Off Season is about the haunting of a tiny room. The main characters have nowhere to hide when confronted by unhappy spirits. It can be easy to run away and slam a door between yourself and something that scares you, but few things are more terrifying than being forced to look the source of your fear directly in the eye.'] ['Keyes Terry is an art photographer who is given a mirror by a homeless person he meets on the streets. After taking the mirror home, he eventually realizes that it is possessed with the spirit of his father, Franklin Bronner, who murdered his family on Thanksgiving with a shotgun in the original Amityville house.'] ["After exposing a pair of con artists with his partner Melanie  in the infamous 112 Ocean Avenue house in Amityville recently divorced Reveal magazine employee John Baxter ([[Tony Roberts  purchases the house after being persuaded to by real estate agent Clifford Sanders . While preparing the house for John, Clifford goes into it alone and, hearing footsteps in the attic, goes upstairs to investigate and is locked in the room, where he is swarmed by flies and is found dead of a presumed heart attack or stroke by John. Thinking nothing of Clifford's death, even after Melanie shows him some photos she took of the real estate agent before his death which depict him as a rotting corpse, John moves into the house and lives there, adamant that the house is normal and telling Melanie to later meet him there. While John works  Melanie goes to the house and makes her way inside, eventually finding the maid and is spooked; the maid leaves shortly afterward. Left alone, Melanie goes down into the basement to check the fuse box when she feels a strange breeze; frightened, she heads back upstairs when the door to the basement flies open on its own and blasts her with an Arctic gale. She is found later that night by John, cowering and hysterical against the wall. Her attempts to convince John that something is inside the house falls on deaf ears. Later, while looking over blowups of the photos of Clifford, Melanie discovers a demonic-looking face in the pictures and rushes to reach John, but crashes her car and dies when the photographs burst into flames and burn her to a charred skeleton, the car going up in flames shortly afterward. Melanie's death is ruled accidental by everyone, including John, who remains oblivious to the evil in his home. While John is away one day his daughter Susan  and her friend Lisa   take some boys to the house and use a Ouija board in the attic, but stop the game when the board tells them Susan is in danger before the glass they were using smashes itself against the wall. Susan's friends assume she was playing a prank. Growing bored, Susan and the others go out in John's motorboat while Susan's mother Nancy  searches the house for her daughter, who walks in the door drenched moments later. After Nancy calls out at her, Susan turns and smiles at her, then ignores Nancy and makes her way upstairs, locking herself in her room. Outside John arrives with groceries and, seeing a commotion on the docks, goes to see what is wrong and finds Susan's lifeless body being tended to, her friends telling him she fell out of the boat. When Nancy arrives at the scene John tells her what happened, causing Nancy to go into hysterics and tell him she saw Susan in the house moments ago before rushing back inside, convinced Susan is either still there or will be shortly, refusing to leave, even for Susan's funeral. After having nightmares about the old well in the basement  John, unable to deal with Nancy's delusions that Susan is still alive, consults his friend Doctor Elliot West  about what he should do. West suggests that John allow him and a team of paranormal investigators to set up in the house, to help prove if Nancy actually saw something or not, which John agrees to. As Elliot, John and the team wait, Nancy sits by Susan's bed and is soon confronted by a spectral being speaking in Susan's voice, which goads her into following it into the basement, where the old well has filled with liquid. Following Nancy and the being, John and Elliot begin trying to goad whatever is in the well to reveal itself and let Susan  go. While near the well Elliot is burned and dragged into the depths by a demon and Susan's specter disappears as John and Nancy flee upstairs, telling Elliot's team to run. As the house quakes and starts coming apart, freezing on the inside, most of Elliot's team is killed by flying and exploding objects while John and Nancy and several others escape out a window just before the house blows up. While the remaining paranormal investigators flee, John and Nancy watch as the rubble of the house burns to the ground and the old well bubbles ominously. A fly is later seen emerging from it and disappears."] ["Sylvie is fascinated by the portrait of long dead Alain de Francigny and she is upset when her father, Baron Eduard, is forced to sell the painting. The Baron hires an actor to appear as Alain's ghost on the eve of Sylvie's 16th birthday, as a joke. Two admirers of Sylvie decide to also appear as ghosts. All this annoys the actual ghost of Alain de Francigny, and he too makes an appearance...{{cite web}}"] ["Looking for a new start, a young taxi driver moves into Apt. 504 of an old tenement named Migum Apartments. He soon finds that the previous tenant died mysteriously, and everyone on the floor is connected to the man. After befriending the neighbor living a few doors down, he falls into an affair that sends them both down a dark path. But there's something else odd about the atmosphere in the run-down building. Does a ghost haunt those living here, or does the evil exist in those left alive?"] ["The story revolves around a wealthy older couple who are murdered during a robbery by three young perpetrators. The event results in a supernatural reversal of time, symbolized by the fast, counter-clockwise movement of hands on the house's many clocks. Eventually, this leads to the resurrection of the older couple, who subsequently seek to terrorize the three burglars."] ["James Farrow  is a young student who discovers his girlfriend is pregnant and in a panic, pressures her and forces her to an illegal abortion. However, James' lover dies during the abortion due to the negligence of the abortionist and is left in a pit of grief and guilt and begins seeing demonic, ghostly visions of his deceased girlfriend and begins to visit the house where they had first met. Unable to live in the state any longer, James requests the help and advice of Professor Ambrose, a eerie man whose life has been shattered by multiple tragedies and unfortunate events in his family. Professor Ambrose is also tormented by visions of his deceased daughter in the haunted house where spirits are restless and vengeful."] ['Chuck Murray  and Ferdie Jones  work at a gas station, but long to move up to waiting tables at Chez Glamour, a high-class nightclub. Opportunity comes their way and they find themselves working there. But on their very first night, they cause a disturbance and are fired, only to wind up working again at the gas station, when a gangster named "Moose" Matson  brings in his car for servicing. Chuck and Ferdie happen to be inside the vehicle when the gangster speeds off to escape police, who are searching for him. During the chase, the gangster is killed by gunfire, and through a strange clause in his will, Chuck and Ferdie inherit his tavern, Forrester\'s Club. The lawyer in charge of the will arranges a private bus  to take them to the rural tavern, where they arrive during a heavy thunderstorm, but the driver abandons them and the other passengers there and takes off with everyone\'s luggage, a scheme that is known as the "wildcat bus racket". Unbeknownst to everyone, one of the passengers, Charlie Smith  is a member of Moose\'s gang, and wants to search the tavern for a hidden money stash. . As the night progresses, strange things begin to happen, while Charlie is looking for the money in the basement, he disappears. While upstairs, everyone is curious where Charlie went. Chuck, Ferdie, and Doc look for Charlie. While the men look for Charlie the two girls are frightened by a pair of glowing eyes. When everyone goes to bed, Ferdie finds a hidden door, when he closes it, Charlie\'s corpse falls to the floor. Everyone begins to panic and two detectives show up. They go back to Charlie\'s corpse, it is gone. The detectives began to investigate and vanish. Chuck and Ferdie find a hidden bedroom. When Ferdie puts his pants on a hanger, the room turns into a gambling room. When Chuck comes to see the room and it turns back to the bedroom and Chuck doesn\'t believe Ferdie and they switch rooms. Once again the bedroom turns into a gambling room and when Ferbie shows Chuck it turns back to a bedroom. One of the girls goes downstairs for some warm milk. And gets scared from a ghost. The ghost runs to Ferdie\'s room and hides in the bed. Ferdie runs to the staircase and tells everyone that the ghost is in his room. When everyone gets to Ferbie\'s room and the ghost disappears, leaving only a sheet. Chuck and Doc decide to go search for the detectives and get out of the tavern. Chuck tells Ferdie to look at a map and find the quickest route back to town. In this especially funny scene, Ferdie stammers and shakes as he nervously describes to his disbelieving friends how a lit candle moves back and forth by itself on a table. Ferdie eventually finds Moose\'s treasure hidden inside a stuffed moose head. When everyone counts the money, members of Moose\'s gang come and demand the money. Everyone denies and the gangsters attack everyone. Ferdie takes the money and gets chased by a few gangsters. When Ferdie gets back downstairs, he tosses the bag to Chuck and Ferdie runs out back. Then everyone hears sirens and the gang flees. Chuck runs to the door, revealing that Ferdie made siren noises to frighten the gangsters. While Chuck and Ferdie split the money evenly, Doc tells the boys that the water hey drank last night and can make the ill feel better. Ferdie and Chuck use the money to transform the tavern into a health resort. They hire Ted Lewis and His Orchestra, along with The Andrews Sisters, to headline. Ferdie tries to take some of the money, but is caught by Chuck when he counts the money they made from the opening night.'] ['Barbara and Adam Maitland decide to spend their vacation decorating their idyllic New England country home. While the young couple are driving back from town, Barbara swerves to avoid a dog wandering the roadway and crashes through a covered bridge, plunging into the river below. They return home and, based on such subtle clues as their lack of reflection in the mirror and their discovery of a Handbook for the Recently Deceased, begin to suspect they might be dead. Adam attempts to leave the house to retrace his steps but finds himself in a strange, otherworldly dimension referred to as "Saturn", covered in sand and populated by enormous sandworms. After fleeing back into their home, the Maitlands\' peace is soon disrupted when their house is sold and obnoxious new residents, the Deetzes, arrive from New York City. The new family consists of Charles, a former real estate developer; his second wife Delia, an aspiring sculptor; and his goth daughter Lydia from his first marriage. Under the guidance of interior designer Otho, the Deetzes transform the house into a gaudy piece of pastel-toned modern art. The Maitlands seek help from their afterlife case worker, Juno, who informs them that they must remain in the house for 125 years. If they want the Deetzes out of the house, it is up to them to scare them away. The Maitlands\' attempts at scaring the family away prove utterly ineffective. Although the Maitlands remain invisible to Charles and Delia, their daughter Lydia can see the ghost couple and befriends them. Against Juno\'s advice, the Maitlands contact the miscreant Betelgeuse, a.k.a. "Beetlejuice", a freelance "bio-exorcist" ghost, to scare away the Deetzes. However, Betelgeuse quickly offends the Maitlands with his crude and morbid demeanor, and they reconsider hiring him, though too late to stop him from wreaking havoc on the Deetzes. The small town\'s charm and the supernatural events inspire Charles to pitch his boss Maxie Dean on transforming the town into a tourist hot spot, but Maxie wants proof of the ghosts. Using the Handbook for the Recently Deceased, Otho conducts a séance and summons Adam and Barbara, but they begin to decay, Otho having unwittingly performed an exorcism. Horrified, Lydia summons Betelgeuse and agrees to marry him if he saves them. Betelgeuse disposes of Maxie, his wife, and Otho, then prepares a wedding before a ghastly minister. The Maitlands intervene before the ceremony is completed, Barbara riding the Saturn sandworm through the house to devour Betelgeuse. In the film\'s conclusion, the Deetzes and Maitlands live in harmony in the house. Betelgeuse, meanwhile, is seen waiting in the afterlife reception waiting room, where he angers a witch doctor, who shrinks his head.'] ['The movie begins as Carla Moran  a single mother, is violently raped in her home by an unseen force. Initially convinced the attack was a nightmare, a subsequent episode of poltergeist activity causes her to flee with her children to a friend’s home. Evidently followed by the entity, Carla is nearly killed the following day when her car mysteriously loses control in traffic. Urged by her friend Cindy to see a psychiatrist, Carla meets with Dr. Sneiderman  and tentatively agrees to undergo therapy. An attack occurs that leaves bruises and other injuries on Carla which she shows to Dr. Sneiderman who believes she has caused them to herself. We learn that Carla suffered a variety of traumas in her childhood and adolescence including sexual abuse, teenage pregnancy and the violent death of her first husband. Dr. Sneiderman believes her apparent paranormal experiences are delusions resulting from her past psychological trauma. He urges her to commit herself to a psychiatric hospital for observation. She refuses. After Carla’s friend Cindy witnesses an attack, the two explore possible supernatural causes. While visiting a local bookstore, Carla happens to meet two parapsychologists who she convinces to visit her home. Initially skeptical, the scientists witness several paranormal events and agree to study the home. During their study Dr. Sneiderman arrives and confronts Carla, trying to convince her that the manifestation is in her mind, but she dismisses him. Reassured that her case is being taken seriously, Carla begins to relax. Carla’s boyfriend Jerry visits and she suffers a particularly disturbing attack which he witnesses. Hearing the commotion, Carla’s son enters the room and believes that Jerry is harming her, prompting him to attack Jerry. Later at the hospital, Jerry is so troubled by what he saw, he ends their relationship. Desperate for a solution to her problem Carla agrees to participate in a complicated study carried out by parapsychologists at a local university. A full mock-up of her home is created as a trap to lure the entity. Once inside, it would be frozen in liquid helium. Before the experiment can begin, Dr. Sneiderman arrives and unsuccessfully tries to convince Carla to leave. The entity eventually manifests as a cold wind and unexpectedly takes control of the helium tanks, attempting to kill Carla who defiantly stands up to it, stating that it can never have her. Dr. Sneiderman rushes in and saves her. As they escape the laboratory, they see the entity frozen for a brief period into a very large mass of ice. It eventually breaks free and vanishes. Carla returns to her house the next day. The front door slams by itself and a demonic voice greets her. She calmly opens the door, exits the house, and gets in a car with her family and leaves. The film ends with captions stating that Carla now lives in Texas with her family and that the attacks have decreased in both frequency and intensity but she still experiences paranormal activities.'] ["When an architect and his bride move into their dream home—a colonial mansion—they find that their new digs have a rich history of bloody violence. What's more, the manor is already occupied by a 100 year-old ghost with a thirst for vengeance and a yearning to oust the newlyweds from his haunt."] 