['The film begins in a hospital where the Soultaker is trying to find a room containing an elderly man. He eventually finds the room. The Soultaker looks at his pocket watch before using a ring to take the man\'s soul. The next day, a rich teen-aged girl named Natalie McMillan and her friend Karen gets ready to go to "Summerfest". Meanwhile, a teenaged boy named Brad  goes to pick up Natalie\'s former boyfriend Zack to go to Summerfest. Zack tells Brad that he wants to see Natalie again, but Brad tells him that he can never win a girl like Natalie again without money. Later they go to pick up another teenager named Tommy Marcetto. At Summerfest, the Angel of Death tells Soultaker to kill Brad, Tommy , Zack, Natalie, and Brad\'s girlfriend Candice at 8:00. During Summerfest, Karen leaves Summerfest with her boyfriend John leaving Natalie behind. Before Brad, Tommy, Zack, and Candice leave the festival, Zack notices Natalie alone. Zack comes up to Natalie and the two reconcile. Zack offers to take Natalie home. Natalie takes his offer. The five teenagers take Brad\'s car and leave Summerfest. Brad - who is high on cocaine - is speeding. The Soultaker steps in the middle of the road. To avoid running over the Soultaker, Brad swerves and crashes into a tree. After the crash, Natalie, Brad, Zack, and Tommy find themselves a little away from the car unharmed. The four realize that Candice is missing. Meanwhile, the Soultaker is at the crash site where it is shown that everyone has been critically injured. Soultaker takes Candice\'s soul. When Soultaker tries to get Brad\'s soul, he discovers that Candice\'s soul was still in her body but, every one eles\'s souls flew out. The Soultaker delivers the soul to the Angel of Death and explains that the others were displaced from their bodies, however it is never explained how this happened. The Angel of Death tells Soultaker to hunt down the other souls before midnight, and he must abide by the rules of time and space . Later, the police and the ambulance are at the site. The ambulance takes the bodies and the police search the car. The police finds the cocaine that Brad had hidden in the car. Everybody comes back to the crash site after the police and the ambulance have gone. Brad searches the car to find his cocaine. All of the souls realize that Candice had died in the crash. The Soultaker reveals himself, materializing from within the car, and claims Brad\'s soul while the others are helpless to stop him, and flee. The others find a convenience store where they try to tell the cashier that someone is trying to kill them, but the cashier does not notice their presence. Assuming the man is ignoring them, they leave the store, and the Soultaker appears again and grabs Natalie, to claim her soul, but her resemblance to his past love stays his hand. Zack rescues Natalie and they both flee, leaving Tommy behind. Tommy runs back to the store, and pleads for help from the cashier, to no avail. Tommy attempts to gain his attention by breaking a soda bottle, but this only confuses the cashier. The Soultaker is about to claim Tommy, when the Angel of Death appears to collect Brad\'s soul, and to reprimand his subordinate for failing to take Natalie when he had the chance. After delivering Brad\'s soul, the Soultaker enters the store and claims Tommy\'s soul. Natalie and Zack are still fleeing with The Man behind them. The duo make it to Natalie\'s house. Before they open the door, Natalie\'s mother, Anna  opens the door. Zack and Natalie tells them about the Soultaker. Anna tells them that they will be safe inside. Anna tells Natalie that she will run a bath for Natalie, so she can relax. After Anna goes upstairs, Natalie apologizes to Zack for the loss of his friend. Zack also apologizes about the cocaine in the car. Natalie goes upstairs. When she gets upstairs Natalie and Anna talks about Natalie\'s relationship with Zack. Natalie tells Anna that she will go to her room and lie down. When Natalie goes lie down, she falls asleep and dreams about being taken to the hospital. Anna wakes her to tell Natalie that the tub is full. Meanwhile, downstairs Zack hears something growling in the kitchen. When he goes to investigate, it was only the family dog, Charlie. Zack tells Charlie that no one will hurt him. It is shown that the reason Charlie is growling is because he can\'t see Zack, but can sense his presence. Back upstairs, Natalie gets ready to bathe, and it is revealed that her mother is watching her undress. While watching T.V., the news comes on and reports about the car crash. One of the reporters interviewing Natalie\'s father Grant reports that with parents permission the life support systems for Natalie and Zack will be shut of at midnight. Zack sees Anna on the news. Natalie discovers her mother watching her, and is disgusted, then horrified when her mother suddenly morphs into the Man that has been pursuing them. Instead of attacking her, The Soultaker attempts to make a pact with her, offering her eternal life, with the one proviso being that she stay by his side forever. Zack arrives and attempts to attack the Soultaker, but is easily overpowered. Natalie gets her father\'s shotgun and shoots the Man, to no effect, as the Soultaker reveals his nature by claiming that she "can\'t kill a man that is already dead." The two manage to escape and flee to the hospital to return to their bodies before midnight before their life support systems will be shut off. In the hospital, Natalie is captured by the Man on an elevator which leads to the afterlife. The Man claims he is an angel and his duty it to collect the souls of the dying. He manages to convince Natalie that there is nothing left for her in living realm, and that Zack is already dead, but she can be saved if she stays with him. While searching for Natalie, Zack encounters Brad, who has become a grim reaper. Brad reveals that those who take a life, even if accidentally, they must pay for it through service as a grim reaper. Brad gives Zach two empty soul rings to help Zach and Natalie into their bodies, and helps him rescue Natalie from the Soultaker. Natalie places herself in the ring over her body, but she still remains comatose. Zach discovers that a pendant she was wearing somehow acted as a barrier between her soul and her body, and he pulls her soul from her body and is about to attempt to return her to her body again, when the Soultaker appears again. The Soultaker chases Zack all the way to the top of the hospital, and corners him on the roof. Zach remembers that he is a soul and is no longer bound by death or pain, and escapes by leaping off the roof. The Soultaker is about to give chase, but is confronted by the Angel of Death once again. The Angel of Death informs him that it is past midnight and that the Soultaker has failed, for if the two died now, their souls would be lost forever. The Soultaker pleas with the Angel, promising that he can correct these errors, but is beyond forgiveness, and is collected into a soul ring by his master. The movie ends with Zack visiting Natalie in the hospital on the day of her release. Zack is greeted happily by Natalie\'s parents who used to not care for Zack at all. The two go outside to see that Zack finally fixed up his old car and the two kiss and drive off together.'] ['Billionaire media mogul William "Bill" Parrish  is considering a merger between his company and another media giant, while also about to celebrate his 65th birthday with an elaborate party being planned by his eldest daughter Allison . He begins to hear mysterious voices, which he tries with increasing difficulty to ignore. His youngest daughter Susan , an internal medicine resident, is involved with one of Bill\'s board members, Drew . She is considering marriage, but her father is not favorably impressed by her relationship. When she asks for the short version of his impassioned speech, he simply says, "Stay open. Who knows? Lightning could strike!" Shortly thereafter, Susan meets a vibrant young man  at a coffee shop. She is instantly enamored but fails to even get his name. Minutes after their encounter , the man is struck by multiple cars in what appears to be a remarkably serious motor vehicle accident. The grim reaper of Death arrives at Bill\'s home in the body of the young man, explaining that Bill\'s impassioned speech has piqued his interest after an eternity of boredom. Given Bill\'s "competence, experience, and wisdom," Death tells Bill that in return for a few extra days of life, Bill shall be his guide on Earth. Bill agrees, and Death places himself at Bill\'s right hand as "Joe Black" and establishes a constant presence in Bill\'s home and work. Susan finds Joe appealing, but cannot understand why he is treating her like a stranger. Bill\'s best efforts to navigate the next few days — knowing them now to be his last — fail to keep events from going rapidly out of his control. Drew is secretly conspiring with a man bidding for Parrish Communications, so he capitalizes on Bill\'s strange behavior to convince the board to vote him out as Chairman, using information given to him inadvertently by Bill\'s son-in-law Quince  to push through approval for the merger which Bill had decided to oppose. Quince is devastated by what happens to Bill as all but one other member of the board vote him out. Susan falls deeply in love with Joe, who, now under the influence of human desires, becomes attracted to her as well. Bill angrily confronts him about it, but Death intends to take Susan with him for his own. As his last birthday arrives, Bill makes a last attempt to demonstrate to Joe the meaning of true love and all it encompasses — especially honesty and sacrifice. Realizing finally that love means having to sacrifice his desire to take Susan so that she can live her life, he abandons his plans to take her. He also comes to Bill\'s assistance in regaining control of his company, exposing Drew\'s underhanded business dealings to the board by "revealing" himself as an agent of the Internal Revenue Service and threatening to put Drew in jail. Bill devotes his remaining time at the party to Allison and Susan. Joe also says his last goodbye to Susan, admitting in veiled terms that he isn\'t what he appears to be. She senses something of the truth behind his words but is unable or unwilling to vocalize this realization. While a fireworks show marks the end of the party, Joe escorts Bill away, with Susan observing from a distance. She then is astonished to see Joe return, at first confused as to whether it\'s in fact the young man she met at the coffee shop. The young man, unaware of what events have transpired from the time of his death until his return, approaches Susan. Susan, somewhat caught off guard by the happenings, questions the young man with, "What do we do now?" to which the young man replies, "It will come to us." After leaving the coffee shop at the beginning of the film, the young man quoted her father saying "Lightning could strike,"'] ['Ryan Flynn  is a young boy who, traumatized by the death of his father, has not spoken aloud or exercised his imagination since. While on a walk with a friend, Ryan falls from a bridge and apparently drowns. He finds himself in a parallel universe called the "Dust Factory", which houses all humans who are on the verge of death, but have yet to die. The Dust Factory\'s topography is immense, encompassing lakes, forests, mountains, and a wide field covered by dry grass. In the center of the Dust Factory, is a circus pavilion whose Ringmaster is a figure of some authority and dread. Each person dwelling in the Dust Factory must enter the circus pavilion and make a leap  across the arena into the arms of a trapeze artist to proceed into death or return to life. The latter decision occurs when a participant falls into the arena during the leap, leaving behind a pile of dust which marks the passage, gives the realm its name, and when disturbed allows the one doing so to enter a hidden chamber where they play ice hockey against the Ringmaster. In the Factory, Ryan regains his voice and is reunited with his grandfather , whose Alzheimer\'s disease has  prevented him from communicating with his family. The grandfather, who is apparently knowledgeable about the inner workings of the Dust Factory, advises and tells him stories. The stories he tells, which outwardly appear to convey no obvious meaning, contain hidden parables that Ryan must solve. The theme of belief/hope versus cynicism or despair surfaces in relation to one of these. Throughout the main body of the plot, Ryan spends a single endless day exploring the Dust Factory under weather conditions that are always favorable to wandering through the environments and marveling at natural beauty. He is guided by his grandfather and accompanied by a girl of his own age called Melanie Lewis , who has been in the Dust Factory for years, lacks any memory of her previous life, and lives under the delusion that the climate is of perpetual winter, despite the appearance to Ryan and the viewer of interminable summer. Melanie and Ryan, under the eye of Ryan\'s grandfather, become intimate friends. Their time is passed in an emotional atmosphere of joy and discovery, mitigated only by the influence of the mysterious Ringmaster, who interferes several times with their activity, and by Melanie\'s conflict with Ryan\'s grandfather, who wishes Ryan to "make the leap" across the arena and thereby contradicts Melanie\'s desire that all things remain in status quo forever. Matters gradually reach a climax, whereinafter Ryan\'s grandfather "makes the leap" and dies. Subsequently, against Melanie\'s wishes , Ryan makes the leap himself, but falls into the pile of dust and is sent back to life. Melanie then defies her own delusion of continual winter and makes the decision to determine her own fate. Having returned to life, Ryan resurfaces from beneath the water and is rescued by his friend. Although he no longer has any conscious memory of the Dust Factory, it seems to be present in his subconscious, is implied by the facts that he has regained his voice, has a general feeling of joy in life. He subsequently encounters Melanie, who in real life has recovered from a cerebral aneurism. Although neither Ryan or Melanie has any conscious memory of the other, they appear to subconsciously recognize each other.'] ['Daniel Miller , a Los Angeles advertising executive, dies in a car accident on his birthday and is sent to the afterlife. He arrives in Judgment City, a purgatory-like waiting area populated by the recently-deceased of the western half of the United States, where he is to undergo the process of having his fear-based life on earth judged. Daniel and the rest of the recently-deceased are offered many Earth-like amenities and activities in the city while they undergo their judgment processes—from all-you-can-eat restaurants , to bowling alleys and comedy clubs. As his defense attorney, Bob Diamond , explains to Daniel, people from Earth use so little of their brains  that they spend most of their lives functioning on the basis of their fears. "When you use more than 5% of your brain, you don\'t want to be on Earth, believe me," says Diamond. If the Judgement court determines that Daniel has conquered his fears, he will be sent on to the next phase of existence, where he will be able to use more of his brain and thus be able to experience more of what the universe has to offer. Otherwise, his soul will be reincarnated on Earth to live another life in another attempt at moving past his fears. In the process, he may advance up the universe\'s proverbial food chain. Daniel\'s judgment process is presided over by two judges . Diamond argues that Daniel should move onto the next phase. His formidable opponent is Lena Foster , who Diamond informs Daniel is known as "the Dragon Lady." Each utilizes video-like footage from selected days in the defendants\' lives, shown to the judges to illustrate their case. During the procedure, Daniel meets and falls in love with Julia , a woman who lived a seemingly perfect life of courage and generosity, especially compared to his. The proceedings do not go well for Daniel. Foster shows a series of episodes in which Daniel did not overcome his fears, as well as various other bad decisions and mishaps. The final nail in his coffin, it seems, is when Foster, on the last day of arguments, plays footage of his previous night with Julia, in which he declines to sleep with her, for what Foster believes is his same fear and lack of courage. It is ruled that Daniel will return to Earth. Meanwhile, Julia is judged worthy to move on. Before saying goodbye Diamond comforts Daniel with the knowledge that the court is not infallible and just because Foster won it doesn\'t mean she\'s right. Daniel remains disappointed. Daniel finds himself strapped to a seat on a tram poised to return to Earth, when he spots Julia on a different tram. On a spur-of-the-moment impulse he unstraps himself, escapes from the moving tram, and risks electrocution and injury to get to Julia. Although he cannot enter her tram at first, the entire event is being monitored by Diamond , who convince the judges that this last-minute display of courage has earned Daniel the right to move on. The judges agree and open the doors on Julia’s tram, allowing Daniel in, reuniting him with Julia and allowing them both to move on to their next phases of existence together.'] ["Long Island housewife Lucy Chadman in the midst of a tarot card reading by her occult sister, Zelda. Just as Zelda exclaims something is going to happen, Lucy begins to choke to death on a South Korean Chicken Ball. The film shows the difficulty of Lucy's loved ones, including Zelda had in coping with her death. But the grief turns to excitement when Zelda receives a book of spells called The Wisdom of Catagonia. Within the book Zelda finds a spell that requires perfect astronomical timing--the moon, the earth, and the dog star must form a perfect isosceles triangle. Zelda performs the spell and Lucy appears. Lucy begins to reacquaint herself with living and with her family who are shocked to see her alive again, one year later, and soon discovers that she cannot simply pick her life back up where she left off. She returns to find her widower husband has married her greedy and double-crossing friend from college. Her son, meanwhile, has opened his own successful restaurant and married, instead of going to Columbia. When she returns to the hospital at which she died, the emergency room doctor who tried to revive her begins to fall for her. Zelda confides in the doctor that if Lucy does not find love by the next full moon, she will have to go back to the spirit world. He does not believe her. Eventually the press finds out that Lucy came back from the dead, and plague her, her family, and the hospital the ER doctor works at. Her college friend becomes jealous of her media attention and the attention Lucy is getting from Mr. Chadman. She holds a news conference of her own and tells the media Lucy made the whole thing up--claiming that Lucy used tetrodotoxin as a means to fake her own death. Lucy does not defend herself, as she sees this as an opportunity to rid herself and her friends of the media. Instead, the doctor gets fired, her sister's occult store is vandalized and she is hated by almost everyone, except her family. She decides to end the debacle once and for all by tricking her college friend into admitting she lied about Lucy faking her death in front of the media at a party the hospital is having. Lucy, the doctor, and her family walk away happily. As the credits roll we see that Lucy and Zelda each have children with their new loves."] ['Elliot Hopper  is a workaholic widower who is about to land the deal of a lifetime at work, which he hopes will win him a promotion and a company car. After he forgets his daughter Diane\'s birthday, Elliot attempts to make it up to her by promising her she can have his car when he secures the deal at work on the coming Thursday. After being persuaded to give the car to his daughter early, Elliot then ends up hailing a taxi from work, which is driven by a Satanist named Curtis Burch , who drives very erratically and speeds out of control. In an attempt to get the man to stop the taxi, Elliot convinces Curtis that he  is Satan and commands him to stop the taxi. Shocked to see his "Evil Master," Burch has an accident and drives off a bridge, causing him and Elliot to fall to their deaths below. Elliot emerges from the accident scene and approaches a police officer on the scene, but he quickly learns that he is, in fact, a ghost when the police officer begins urinating on his shoes. Elliot returns home and is shocked to find his three children are capable of seeing him, but only when he is in a dark room with no light. Although they are unable to hear him, they soon learn that he is a ghost. Struggling to tell his family what has happened, he is suddenly whisked away to London by a paranormal researcher named Sir Edith , who tells him he is a ghost who is yet to enter the "After Life" and that he has until Thursday before his soul crosses over. The pressure of work and helping his children with their various problems lead to a comedic series of events in which he struggles to keep his job until Thursday to ensure his family\'s survival without him. One day, he is faced with choosing between staying in an important work meeting and helping his son complete a magic trick at school. He eventually decides that his family\'s happiness is more important and walks out on his furious boss, Mr. Collins , who later fires him. Dejected, Elliot reveals himself as a ghost to his love interest, Joan  who is initially shocked, but later sympathetic. Edith arrives from London, extremely famished, but with the exciting news for Elliot that he is not dead; he is simply a spirit that jumped out of his body in fright. In the excitement to find Elliot\'s body and reunite his spirit with it, Diane trips on a pair of skates that Elliot\'s youngest daughter Amanda left on the staircase, causing her to fall down the staircase and get seriously injured. They rush her to the hospital and Elliot is confronted by Diane\'s spirit, for she had also jumped out of her body; she takes it all very humorously, flying excitedly around the hospital ward. Elliot begs her to get back into her body, imploring her not to waste her life as his body starts to "flicker". Diane becomes concerned as Elliot collapses on the floor, and races into the intensive care unit, where she discovers her father\'s body. She then helps him into the room, where he learns his body had no identification on it, as the taxi driver had taken his wallet before the accident. Elliot returns to his body and wakes up, along with Diane, who jumps off the operating table excitedly and tells the rest of family what has happened. Reunited, the family are just leaving the hospital to return home when Elliot spots a yellow taxi parked outside. He discovers Burch behind the wheel, delighted to see his "Evil Master" and gives Elliot his imitation Gucci wallet back. Elliot then tells Burch to go to hell and sit on red hot coals and wait for him "until it snows", to which Curtis agrees enthusiastically.'] ["As with Chris Marker's La Jetee, a man is selected to participate in time travel experiments to his personal past. However, due to equipment malfunction, he experiences these events out of chronological sequence, cause and effect."] [' In 1939, New Orleans, Louisiana, Charlie B. Barkin, a roguish Collie/German Shepherd mix with a con man\'s charm, is working with his gangster business partner, Carface Carruthers, at a casino fashioned out of a derelict oil tanker. Not sharing the earnings, Carface frames Charlie and has him sent to a pound, but Charlie escapes with the help of his best friend Itchy Itchiford. Later, Carface and his sidekick, Killer, kill Charlie by hitting him with an empty automobile. Charlie, however, goes to heaven by default, despite never actually performing any good deeds, because of the movie\'s namesake rule of the afterlife: All dogs go to Heaven. Charlie cheats death by stealing his "life watch", a glowing pocket watch, and winding it back up, allowing him to return to Earth. As Charlie leaves Heaven, a Whippet Angel warns him that he can never return to heaven. Therefore, it is assumed that if he dies he will automatically go to hell. However, Charlie quickly learns that his life is now tied to the "life watch," which means that as long as the watch is protected and operating, Charlie will live. Back on Earth, Charlie reunites with Itchy and plots his revenge against Carface by setting up a rival business. Itchy reveals to Charlie that Carface has a Monster. Charlie decides to investigate the monster, however, it is revealed that Carface is imprisoning a little orphan girl named Anne-Marie for her ability to communicate with animals, giving him an advantage when betting on races, which are apparently fixed so that those who speak the racing animals\' language can know in advance of the outcome. Charlie "rescues" Anne-Marie, telling her that they will help the poor and he will find her a family. Charlie takes Anne-Marie to the local Horse Track, where a pensive Anne-Marie doesn\'t want to talk. When Charlie says the money is for the poor, like in Robin Hood, Anne-Marie agrees to help. After a time, Anne-Marie becomes upset due to Charlie not looking for Parents. Charlie begins to make a large profit using Anne-Marie, who eventually attempts to leave when she realizes Charlie was using her in the same way that Carface was, but Charlie convinces Anne-Marie to stay by his side by promising to give to the poor, resulting in Charlie purchasing Pizza and Cake for an Orphanage of abandoned puppies. Anne-Marie, however, finds the wallet which was stolen by Charlie from the horse race. Anne-Marie angrily corners Charlie accusing him. Anne-Marie then sleeps in the attic. That night, Charlie has a nightmare in which he is banished to hell and is attacked by a Hellhound and its minions. The next day, Anne-Marie goes to return the wallet. Charlie finds her eating breakfast with the Wallet Family, the family whose wallet was stolen, where he discovers that the couple is planning to take Anne-Marie in. Charlie tricks Anne-Marie into leaving by pretending to be sick. After escaping an ambush with Carface and Killer, Charlie and Anne-Marie fall through the floor of an old warehouse into an underground sewer where they narrowly avoid being eaten by King Gator, a giant alligator who befriends them and learns how well Charlie can sing. Meanwhile, Itchy is ambushed by Carface and his thugs, who destroy Charlie\'s Casino. Charlie brings Anne-Marie to the church, where a beaten Itchy accuses Charlie of caring more for Anne-Marie than him or their business. Frustrated, Charlie says that he never actually cared about the girl. Anne-Marie overhears them, however, and runs away into a thunderstorm, and into the clutches of Carface. Charlie goes to the casino/boat to rescue Anne-Marie, where Carface and others captures him. Itchy is given instructions to warn the Wallet Family about Anne-Marie\'s capture, which results in the neighborhood dogs collaborating to get the message to the family. Charlie is ambushed by Carface\'s thugs, who attempt to tie him to a boat anchor. However, when one of the thugs bites Charlie\'s foot, making him howl, King Gator comes to their rescue, frees Charlie and eats Carface. Anne-Marie falls into the water, along with Charlie\'s watch. Charlie dives in to save Anne-Marie and the watch, but cannot get both. Charlie places Anne-Marie on a board and pushes her to safety. Charlie then attempts to swim to his watch, but is unsuccessful, resulting in him drowning. Anne-Marie ends up with her new family and Charlie is allowed back into heaven, instead of hell, since he sacrificed himself to save his friend. He gives his heartfelt goodbyes to Anne-Marie and Itchy, finally proving his love for her. Leaving Itchy in her care, Charlie finally departs for the afterlife, where he finds  that Carface has also ended up in heaven and attempts to use his clock to return home like Charlie did. The Whippet Angel chases him down warning him that he will never return, but Charlie emerges from a cloud and assures the audience that Carface\'s escape will not last long.'] ['After Zia  commits suicide by cutting his wrists, he finds himself in an afterlife limbo that is much the same as his former reality, just slightly worse. Here the color is dim, there are no stars, and no one can smile. This strange realm is populated by people who have committed suicide, such as Eugene , a Russian musician who lives with his mother , father , and brother  – all suicide victims. Eugene kills himself on stage by pouring a beer he is drinking onto his electric guitar. Together they waste most of their afterlives in bars, until Zia learns from a friend  that his ex-girlfriend, Desiree , has also committed suicide. He and Eugene take to the road to find her in Eugene\'s car, which has seen better days. Early on it is revealed that Eugene\'s car has two idiosyncrasies: a sort of black hole underneath the passenger seat where items that are dropped disappear forever and broken headlights that cannot be fixed by the most adept of mechanics. On their trip, they pick up hitchhiker Mikal , who insists there has been a mistake, and she is seeking the "people in charge"  in order to be sent back. After a few interesting adventures across the country, the trio is traveling on a desolate highway, when Mikal pushes a button, miraculously activating the broken lights on Eugene\'s car. Shortly thereafter, they come upon a man lying in the middle of the dark road, and must veer off the road, wrecking the car, to avoid hitting him. They discover the man, Kneller , an eccentric commune leader of sorts, had fallen asleep while looking for his dog. He invites them back to his camp to rest for the night, where they quickly discover that minor "miracles" happen all the time, objects change color, people or objects float, and all "miracles" are initiated by the campers, only when they do not wish for, or care about them. The group stays with the camp longer than intended. Zia begins to obsess about the miracles, and his inability to perform them. When contrasting this to Mikal\'s obsession with the people in charge, she reveals the nature of the mistake. She accidentally overdosed on heroin, with no intention of killing herself, and thus did not commit suicide. Eugene meets a young woman, Nanuk, whom he romances. Just as Mikal and Zia discuss their plans to leave Kneller\'s camp to resume their searches, another camper Yan ([[John Hawkes  emerges from the woods with news of Kneller\'s dog Freddy, who he claims is being held hostage by "Messiah King" and his hundreds of followers. Kneller, Zia, Mikal, and Yan set off in search of King and Kneller\'s dog. Along the way the group becomes lost, and end up bedding down for the night. Mikal and Zia, who are out gathering wood to keep a fire going, discover an ocean shore nearby, where they share a passionate night. In the morning, Kneller happens upon them lying together on the rocky shore littered with used condoms and syringes. The group continues and eventually reaches King\'s camp, which is a large cult compound filled with followers who are waiting for King to perform a "real" miracle – to separate his soul from his body. Kneller gains audience with King  to get his dog back, where Zia finds his ex-girlfriend, Desiree, working with King. The two steal away briefly to talk and Zia learns that Desiree became a devout follower of King\'s teachings after his death, eventually committing suicide to follow King into the afterlife. King starts his ritual to perform his "miracle", taking his own life, again, while in the view of all those in his camp. As he dies, Kneller is seen cryptically speaking into a device calling for backup. Initially the crowd notices what they believe are angels parachuting in; however, as they land, vans and cars pull up, and it is revealed that the "angels" are in fact the PIC. The crowd is dispersed, Messiah and Desiree are taken away, and Mikal leaves with them, calling back to Zia she\'ll be back in five minutes. He sits down on a small stool, waiting till dark when Eugene and his lady friend pull up in their car. The group heads to a train station, where Eugene reveals that Kneller was an undercover agent for the PIC, but his camp has now been shut down. He also explains that Mikal\'s story was true and that the PIC are sending her back to life. Eugene and Nanuk depart on a small train car, leaving Zia with the keys to the car. Zia returns to the car, obviously deep in thought over Mikal. He lights a cigarette, and when he releases a burning match, it floats up towards another one floating in the sky, sent there by Mikal earlier on in Kneller\'s camp, the two of them forming the only two \'stars\' in the night sky. Zia has finally performed a miracle. He leaves, and when he is stopped at a railroad crossing, he drops a cassette in the black hole under the seat. As the train passes, it is revealed that Zia has gone into the hole. The film cuts to a large warehouse filled with halls of boxes; Kneller is seen picking up Zia\'s file from a box, placing it into his inside breast pocket, and commenting on how fortunate it is to know people in high places. The film cuts back to Zia, who wakes up in a hospital bed. He turns his head, noting his parents outside a door talking to doctors. When he looks at the person in the bed next to his, he sees Mikal. Both look at each other and smile.'] ['Shemp has died and is in heaven, talking with his Uncle Mortimer . Mortimer is on the phone checking to see if Shemp will remain in Heaven or Hell, and it does not look good. Furthermore, it comes to light that cousins Moe and Larry have also not been on their best behavior. Seeing this as an opportunity for his deceased nephew, Uncle Mortimer gives Shemp the chance to reform Moe and Larry from their evil ways so he can gain entry to Heaven. The catch is that Shemp cannot be seen nor heard by anyone on Earth, much to his delight. Back on Earth, Moe and Larry are crying their eyes out while attending the reading of Shemp\'s will with their attorney, I. Fleecem . Seems that Shemp has left behind a grand total of $140, which is $10 less than Fleecem\'s fee of $150. The boys grumble about not having much dough, but invisible Shemp swipes the money back from Fleecem, putting it in Moe and Larry\'s pockets. When they realize money has magically reappeared, they get spooked, and then remember Shemp saying he would come back to haunt them. They brush this off, but do not completely clear their heads of Shemp\'s ghostly presence. Afterwards, Moe and Larry rent a luxury apartment, complete with butler Spiffingham , and rent tuxedos. The boys have a grand scheme that involves the conning of wealthy couple the DePuysters  into buying a fountain pen that will write under whipped cream. Shemp enters the luxurious apartment and terrorises Spiffingham the Butler into leaving. He then smacks Moe and Larry to let them know he is there. Though their butler has run off, Moe and Larry remain, but frightened. The DePuysters show up, and promptly receive dollops of cream in their face when Shemp turns the mixer to "high." After the mixer catches fire, Shemp begins yelling. A few moments later, he awakes, realizing this was all a dream, but then, to his horror, he discovers that the bed is on fire from a cigarette he was smoking. Moe hits him with a cream pie-and Larry gives him a pen and tells Shemp to write himself a letter .'] ["Cassiel and Raphaella, two angels, observe the busy life of reunited Berlin. Due to their divine origin, they can hear the thoughts of the people around them, and try to console a dying man. Cassiel has been following his friend Damiel , who senses his presence and talks about his experiences as a human. He owns a pizza parlor named Casa dell'angelo  and has married Marion, a trapeze artist whom he met when an angel. She works in a local bar in West Berlin, and the two have a young daughter . Cassiel follows Raisa Becker, an 11-year-old girl who lives in the former East Berlin. He observes her life and notices that she and her mother Hanna Becker are being followed by Philip Winter, a detective who works for Anton Baker. The latter is an American mafioso who owns a transport company. Cassiel follows Hanna Becker  to an abandoned building in the outskirts of East Berlin. There he finds that she brings food to Konrad, a man who has acted as a father to her, since his days as her chauffeur during World War II. Traveling back in time, Cassiel is able to see the last days of Berlin late in the war. When the war appeared to have been lost, the father, a doctor, escaped to the United States with his son and adopted the name Baker. The mother Gertrud Becker stayed behind with the young Hanna, both under the care of Konrad. Winter photographs the WWII-vintage cars which Konrad cares for and brings the photos to Baker. Winter drops the man as an employer, having investigated his activities. He encounters Peter Falk outside the hotel. As Raphaella and Cassiel sit on top of the Brandenburg Gate, he expresses a desire to experience human life. Visiting Raisa, he finds her alone at her flat and leaning over the balcony railing. As she falls, Cassiel tries to save her and suddenly becomes human, catching the child. He has to adjust to the transformation, learning to modulate the volume of his voice and to negotiate streets and avoid being hit by cars. His only possession is an angel's armor, which became tangible when he leaped into humanity. In the underground , Cassiel is tricked into gambling by Emit Flesti, losing his armor and money won during the game. Raphaella begs Flesti to give Cassiel time to understand what it is to be a human; he agrees but does not promise to stop hunting him. Arrested and detained, Cassiel struggles to satisfy police demands for identification. He cannot give  his name or address, but refers the police to his friend's pizza shop. Damiel arrives at the station and takes his now human friend home. Cassiel does not understand why everyone is so alone and cannot understand each other  Tricked by Flesti into drinking alcohol, he becomes addicted and robs a shop with a gun taken from a teenager. The boy had been planning to kill his stepfather for abuse. Cassiel begins acting to make his way and feigns a car accident with Baker. He manages to get Baker to pay for his passport and official identifications under the name Karl Engel . Baker hires Cassiel as his personal valet, to pass him cards for beating his mafia associates at poker. Stopping by Casa dell'Angelo to return items borrowed from Damiel, Cassiel encounters Flesti again. He is collecting money from Damiel, after having loaned him money to set up the business. After he saves Baker's life from an extortion attempt by Patzke, Baker makes Cassiel his partner. Finally learning his evil business, Cassiel decides to stop him. He goes first to Konrad's garage, to rest in one of his cars; Winter sleeps in another. When Winter is about to leave, he is killed by Flesti. Winter dies in Cassiel's arms. Konrad arrives and Cassiel tells his life story, since the former chauffeur recognized him as the angel in his life. The former angel organizes his friends to destroy Baker's business. Meanwhile, Baker has reunited with his sister Hanna. With the help of Peter Falk, Cassiel gets into Baker's airport storage area. His team takes all the weapons and destroy the pornography copying machines. They send the weapons to a barge owned by other friends. Once having completed the plan, Cassiel feels ready to live as a human, but Flesti reports that Baker's enemy Patzke has hijacked the barge with Baker's and Cassiel's friends inside. Flesti reveals himself as Time and says that he has to make Cassiel understand he does not belong in the human world; he has a word written on his forehead. At a boat lift, Cassiel gets on the barge to free Raisa, but is killed. Flesti slows time so the rest can take over the barge and save the entire party. Cassiel's friends are saddened by his death, but when Damiel hears a ring in his ear, he understands that Cassiel is near and laughs in joy."] ['The movie opens with Katherine Lewis, sharing her memories of going to see her dentist, Dr. Green, who took over Dr. Lewis\'s office after he died. Her father was a dentist as was her grandfather and great-grandfather, who performed dental work on Abraham Lincoln and she aspired to become one too. She would always have perfect teeth. Years later, Katherine grows up to be a dentist herself and runs the office that her dad and Dr. Green used to be in charge of. She is very happy with her career, but equally unhappy with her social life. She is afraid of loving anyone in case she loses them as she lost her father. Dr. Green is dead and her best friend, Mindy, is married and happy. She stays a bachelorette, and has turned down every man who pursued her. One day, Katherine is walking to the bank to deposit a few checks during a rift in her schedule and she sees Mindy across the street. She is accidentally knocked onto the road by a bike messenger. She is unable to move out of the way in time and dies instantly from her injuries after getting hit by an oncoming car. She awakens and finds herself in an area called Limbo, a place referred to being between Heaven and Hell. The receptionist reveals to her that she has died and that she must find her case worker for further instruction. A strict supervisor named Rogers comes along and reveals that when someone dies, if he or she had not performed good deeds on Earth, then they must perform community service as a mythological being in order to go to Heaven by heading up the Stairway to Heaven. If they fail, they go to Hell through the Hellevator. After looking through the book of former dentists\' choices of community service options, she decides on "Bicuspid retrieval," which she does not realize is the Tooth Fairy until she signs her contract. She is then trained by a worker named Raul on how to perform her service. When asked about the previous one, Rogers stated that she was "fired." Rogers shows Katherine to her office, which contains a non-working telephone, a television that shows her children who lose their teeth, and a vintage typewriter that automatically dictates the names and locations of said children. On her first night on the job, Katherine visits a boy named Bobby Jameson. As it turns out, children who have at least one baby tooth can see her, while those who have lost all of theirs can\'t, as the loss of baby teeth represents the loss of innocence required to see paranormal beings. He seems to be very angry and is rude to her; she changes his tooth into a silver coin with her wand and leaves, while he is somewhat convinced that he is dreaming. The next day when he is at school, a bully named Jeff punches him and knocks another one of his teeth out. Katherine comes to visit him again that night and discovers that his mother has died of cancer and his father is always busy at work. She decides to help him and the other children at his school with their problems, which lands her in trouble with the higher-ups in Limbo, as revealing herself to living humans is a grievous infraction; when she is found out, she stands before the Council of Judges  who tell her that her access to Heaven has been denied due to an overflowing tooth bank, 47% retrieval and an all time high approval rating, but she is let off with a warning. She feels that the children\'s needs are greater than hers and asks for Raul\'s help in making her visible to the parents and the school principal so that she can prove that she is real and that Bobby is not insane. Katherine succeeds in becoming visible to the adults and is found out yet again by Rogers, who comes with Raul to drag her back to Limbo. Once there, Rogers has her sent to the Hellavator. She begins her descent down it in a boiling rain, but suddenly finds herself back on Earth. She learns from Raul that not only was she dreaming, but has been given a second chance at life too. She figures that her father used his connections in Limbo to get her a second chance as she learned her lesson. She then notices Rogers as a traffic cop who mouths to her that she will be watching her. Katherine returns to her job with a newfound love of life. She finds Bobby, a new patient, waiting for his appointment with her; she explains what happened and goes on to live her life fully. After she removes his last baby tooth, though, all of his memories of her as the Tooth Fairy are lost, and she\'s saddened that he no longer knows her. His father recognizes her from when she turned visible, and she asks them to go to a baseball game with her and they accept, implying a future relationship with Mr. Jameson.'] ['Terry Dean , a professional burglar specialized in sabotaging electronic surveillance systems, stands before his release from yet another stint in prison. Following a fellow inmate\'s suggestion, he decides to switch to bank robbery instead, with a special twist of his own design: first by having the security cameras record TV shows he would connect them to with a modified remote control, then entering disguised as a celebrity; the confusion over this unexpected appearance would serve to confound a detailed description. Terry\'s first heist is successful, but shortly afterwards he witnesses a young boy about to be overrun by a van; he impulsively pushes the child away and is himself hit. While in the hospital, he has a nebulous experience  in which he meets God  who introduces himself as Terry\'s \'probation helper\'. Though Terry has lived a sinful life, his last deed, impulsive as it was, has earned him a second chance to save his soul - by doing God\'s work as an angel in training. After reawakening, Terry tries another hold-up , but a stroke of bad luck and a gang of amateurs interfere. During this, one of the thugs tries to shoot but fails to kill him . Thinking himself to be an angel now, Terry reconsiders his ways, seeks advice in a church, and then he follows several \'signs\' to another town. In a bar, he meets Steve Garner , an embittered young man confined to a wheelchair by a terminal sickness. In order to bring Steve out of his self-pity, Terry engages him in a fist-fight on equal terms, sitting fixed on a stool. Steve, taken with Terry\'s acceptance of him as a person, not a cripple, strikes up a friendship with Terry and offers him a place to stay at the youth center for children and teens, which he runs with his sister Rose . Rose is at first suspicious about Terry, but Terry proves himself by slyly intimidating two drug dealers into leaving the center\'s area and helping out as much as he can, and Rose gradually falls in love with him. The center itself, however, is in financial difficulties, since its backer George Bealeman , while claiming himself to be a faithful Christian, refuses to provide any more funds. Since he has no angel\'s powers, Terry uses his technical know-how to convince Bealeman otherwise: by recording and re-editing a segment from TV evangelist Rev. Barton\'s  telecast , and fitting the cross at the rooftop of the center\'s church with lighting effects, triggered by his universal remote. At the evening where Bealeman drops by, however, two police detectives close in on Terry. Steve, who happens to overhear them, rushes off in his wheelchair to warn Terry, but during the flight he injures himself critically, slowly bleeding to death. Just after Bealeman has left, he arrives at the center, and while Rose runs to calls an ambulance, Steve delivers his warning. Afraid of death, Steve feels lost, and Terry, recalling his own experiences, gives him last comfort by assuring that he will find a place in Heaven. Reassured, Steve dies in the arms of Terry and Rose. Terry then announces that he has to leave, and trying to comfort Rose, he reveals that he is "almost an angel". Rose is understandably skeptical, but after Terry leaves, she checks his universal remote which he had left her as a keepsake, only to discover that it contains no batteries, and the cross nevertheless begins to shine brilliantly on its own. She runs after Terry and calls out to him. Distracted, Terry slips and falls right before a speeding truck - only to have it pass right through him. Having passed his angel\'s exam, Terry continues on his quest to do God\'s work , and Rose is left comforted at last.'] ["One day the fedora-wearing Mr. Brink (the [[Death , who has recently taken Pud's  parents in an auto wreck, comes for Gramps . Not knowing who he's talking to, the crotchety old Gramps orders Mr. Brink off the property. Later, Mr. Brink takes Granny Nellie . Pud, Gramps' grandson, tells him that when he does a good deed, he will be able to make a wish. Because his apples are constantly being stolen, Gramps wishes that anyone that climbs up his apple tree will have to stay there until he lets them down. Pud's aunt, Demetria Riffle , has designs on Pud and especially the money left him by his parents. Gramps spends much time fending off her efforts to adopt the boy. When Mr. Brink returns for Gramps, the old man realizes who his visitor is and determined not to leave Pud to Demetria, Gramps tricks Mr. Brink into climbing the old tree. While stuck in the tree, he cannot take Gramps or anyone else. The only way anyone or anything can die is if they touch Mr. Brink or the apple tree. Meanwhile, Demetria plots to have Gramps committed to the insane asylum for claiming that Death is trapped in his apple tree. He proves his story is true by shooting the man who has come to take him to the asylum - the man lives, when he should have died. Gramps's doctor  is now a believer, but he tries to convince Gramps to let Death down so people who are suffering can find release. Gramps refuses. Mr. Brink dares Pud to climb the tree. Pud gets over the fence Gramps has had built around the tree, but falls and is crippled for life. Distraught, Gramps lets Death down from the tree. He takes both Gramps and Pud, who find they can walk again. In the final scene, they walk together up a beautiful country lane and hear Grandma calling to them from beyond a brilliant light."] ["Sylvie is fascinated by the portrait of long dead Alain de Francigny and she is upset when her father, Baron Eduard, is forced to sell the painting. The Baron hires an actor to appear as Alain's ghost on the eve of Sylvie's 16th birthday, as a joke. Two admirers of Sylvie decide to also appear as ghosts. All this annoys the actual ghost of Alain de Francigny, and he too makes an appearance...{{cite web}}"] ['Barbara and Adam Maitland decide to spend their vacation decorating their idyllic New England country home. While the young couple are driving back from town, Barbara swerves to avoid a dog wandering the roadway and crashes through a covered bridge, plunging into the river below. They return home and, based on such subtle clues as their lack of reflection in the mirror and their discovery of a Handbook for the Recently Deceased, begin to suspect they might be dead. Adam attempts to leave the house to retrace his steps but finds himself in a strange, otherworldly dimension referred to as "Saturn", covered in sand and populated by enormous sandworms. After fleeing back into their home, the Maitlands\' peace is soon disrupted when their house is sold and obnoxious new residents, the Deetzes, arrive from New York City. The new family consists of Charles, a former real estate developer; his second wife Delia, an aspiring sculptor; and his goth daughter Lydia from his first marriage. Under the guidance of interior designer Otho, the Deetzes transform the house into a gaudy piece of pastel-toned modern art. The Maitlands seek help from their afterlife case worker, Juno, who informs them that they must remain in the house for 125 years. If they want the Deetzes out of the house, it is up to them to scare them away. The Maitlands\' attempts at scaring the family away prove utterly ineffective. Although the Maitlands remain invisible to Charles and Delia, their daughter Lydia can see the ghost couple and befriends them. Against Juno\'s advice, the Maitlands contact the miscreant Betelgeuse, a.k.a. "Beetlejuice", a freelance "bio-exorcist" ghost, to scare away the Deetzes. However, Betelgeuse quickly offends the Maitlands with his crude and morbid demeanor, and they reconsider hiring him, though too late to stop him from wreaking havoc on the Deetzes. The small town\'s charm and the supernatural events inspire Charles to pitch his boss Maxie Dean on transforming the town into a tourist hot spot, but Maxie wants proof of the ghosts. Using the Handbook for the Recently Deceased, Otho conducts a séance and summons Adam and Barbara, but they begin to decay, Otho having unwittingly performed an exorcism. Horrified, Lydia summons Betelgeuse and agrees to marry him if he saves them. Betelgeuse disposes of Maxie, his wife, and Otho, then prepares a wedding before a ghastly minister. The Maitlands intervene before the ceremony is completed, Barbara riding the Saturn sandworm through the house to devour Betelgeuse. In the film\'s conclusion, the Deetzes and Maitlands live in harmony in the house. Betelgeuse, meanwhile, is seen waiting in the afterlife reception waiting room, where he angers a witch doctor, who shrinks his head.'] ['Pete Sandidge  is the reckless pilot of a B-25 Mitchell bomber flying out of England during World War II. He is in love with Dorinda Durston , a civilian pilot ferrying planes across the Atlantic. "Nails" Kilpatrick , Pete\'s commanding officer, first transfers Pete and his crew to a base in Scotland and then offers him a transfer back to America to be a flying instructor. Dorinda has a feeling that Pete\'s "number is up" and begs him to accept. Pete agrees, but goes out on one last mission with his best friend Al Yackey  to check out a German aircraft carrier.A technical error by the writers involves the use of a German aircraft carrier. The only German aircraft carrier was the Graf Zeppelin; keel laid December 26, 1936, launched in 1938, but not completed and never put into service.Breyer 1989, p. 14. Wounded after an attack by an enemy fighter, Pete has his crew bail out before bombing the ship and crashing into the sea. Pete then finds himself walking in clouds, where he first recognizes an old friend, Dick Rumney . Suddenly becoming ill-at-ease after remembering that Dick went down with his aircraft in a fiery crash, Pete says, "either I\'m dead or I\'m crazy." Dick answers, "You\'re not crazy." Dick ushers Pete to a meeting with "The General"  who gives him an assignment. He is to be sent back to Earth, where a year has elapsed, to pass on his experience and knowledge to dilettante Ted Randall , first in flight school, then as a Lockheed P-38 Lightning fighter pilot in the south Pacific. Ted\'s commanding officer turns out to be Al Yackey. The situation becomes complicated when Ted meets the still-grieving Dorinda. Al encourages Dorinda to give the young pilot a chance. The pair gradually fall in love; Ted proposes to her and she accepts, much to Pete\'s jealous dismay. When Dorinda finds out from Al that Ted has been given an extremely dangerous assignment to destroy the largest Japanese ammunition dump in the Pacific, she steals his aircraft. Pete guides her in completing the mission and returning to the base to Ted\'s embrace. Pete accepts what must be and walks away, his job done.'] ['Max Devlin  is a shady landlord of a rundown tenement in Los Angeles who is rather jaded and callous towards his fellow man. One day while chasing an errant tenant, he is run over by a bus and killed. He descends into hell  and meets the Devil\'s chief henchman Barney Satin  . He is told of his life of sin and the fact that he is doomed to spend eternity at a section called Level 4. However, he is given a chance to save himself by convincing three other people, a teenage nerd, a young boy and an aspiring singer to sell their souls in exchange for his. He returns to earth and begins his frantic quest with three months  to complete his mission. Barney appears frequently throughout the movie to check up on Max\'s progress as well as both taunt and persuade him to carry out the plans. A running joke is that nobody, except Max, can see or hear Barney. Along the way, he discovers his innate decency, the fact that he really wasn\'t so bad all along. He falls in love with the boy\'s mother and they plan to marry on the day that the deadline for Max is up. Eventually, through various methods, he obtains all three signatures on the fatal contract . However, on his wedding day, Barney appears and tells him he will take these chosen ones right now at the stroke of midnight rather than let them live natural lives. Max is horrified and enraged by this and prepares to tear up the contracts. In the film\'s most intense scene, Satin appears in full devil regalia and screams at Max of his terrible fate of torment in Hell if he burns the contracts. Max does so anyway, to sacrifice himself for the three souls, and suddenly realizes he is living again. His kind, unselfish act has deemed him unfit for hell. The last scene shows Max looking upward  and saying "Thank you very much".'] ['Nina, an interpreter, is beside herself with grief at the recent death of her boyfriend, Jamie, a cellist. When she is on the verge of despair, Jamie reappears as a "ghost" and the couple are reconciled. The screenplay never clarifies whether this occurs in reality, or merely in Nina\'s imagination. Nina is ecstatic, but Jamie\'s behaviour – turning up the central heating to stifling levels, moving furniture around and inviting back "ghost friends" to watch videos – gradually infuriates her, and their relationship deteriorates. She meets Mark , a psychologist, to whom she is attracted, but she is unwilling to become involved with him because of Jamie\'s continued presence. Nina continues to love Jamie but is conflicted by his self-centred behaviour and ultimately wonders out loud, "Was it always like this?" Over Nina’s objections, Jamie decides to leave to allow her to move on. At the end of the film, Jamie watches Nina leave with Mark and one of his fellow ghosts asks, "Well?" and Jamie responds, "I think so. Yes." At this point the central conceit of the movie has become clear: Jamie came back specifically to help Nina get over him by tarnishing her idealized memory of him.'] ['Boxer and amateur pilot Joe Pendleton ([[Robert Montgomery  flies his small plane to his next fight in New York City, but crashes when a control cable severs. His soul is "rescued" by 7013, an officious angel , who assumed that Joe could not have survived. Joe\'s manager, Max Corkle , has his body cremated. In the afterlife, the records show his death was a mistake; he was supposed to live for 50 more years. The angel\'s superior, Mr. Jordan , confirms this, but since there is no more body, Joe will have to take over a newly dead corpse. Mr. Jordan explains that a body is just something that is worn, like an overcoat; inside, Joe will still be himself. Joe insists that it be someone in good physical shape, because he wants to continue his boxing career. Joe keeps saying the body they find "Has to be in the pink", a color that Mr. Jordan finds annoying. Another annoying fact is that Joe has somehow managed to bring his saxophone with him to heaven; it\'s his good luck charm, on which he plays "The Last Rose of Summer" very badly. After Joe turns down several unsuitable "candidates", Mr. Jordan takes him to see the body of a crooked, extremely wealthy banker-investor named Bruce Farnsworth. Farnsworth\'s wife Julia  and his secretary, Tony Abbott ([[John Emery  have just drugged and drowned him in a bathtub. Joe is reluctant to take over a life so unlike his previous one, but when he sees the murderous pair mockingly berating Miss Logan , the daughter of a financier who was sold worthless bonds by Farnsworth\'s bank, he changes his mind and agrees to be inserted into Farnsworth\'s body. The audience continues to see Montgomery as Pendleton, but everyone in the film, including his wife and secretary , see and hear Farnsworth. As Farnsworth, Joe reforms. He repays all the investors, including Miss Logan\'s father. He sends for Corkle and convinces him that he is Joe . With Farnsworth\'s money to smooth the way, Corkle trains him and arranges a bout with the current heavyweight champion, but Mr. Jordan returns to warn Joe that, while he is destined to be the new champion, it cannot happen that way. Joe has just enough time to warn Miss Logan, with whom he\'s fallen in love, to look for him in another body, most likely a boxer, before he is shot by his secretary. The body is concealed and Joe returns to a ghostly existence. Accompanied by Mr. Jordan, Joe finds that his replacement in the prizefight with the champ is a clean-cut, honest fighter named Murdoch, whom Joe knows and respects. Finding that he has forgotten his lucky saxophone, Joe runs back to the Farnsworth mansion to find that everyone believes Farnsworth has "disappeared." Corkle has hired a private investigator to find him. The usually down-to-earth Corkle openly explains about Joe, Mr. Jordan and the body-switching, sounding like a Spiritualist . Joe manages to mentally nudge Corkle to turn on the radio to the prizefight, and hears that Murdoch has collapsed without even being touched. Mr. Jordan reveals that the boxer was shot by gamblers because he refused to throw the fight. Joe takes over Murdoch\'s body and wins the fight. Back at the mansion, Corkle hears one of the radio announcers mention a saxophone hanging by the ringside and realizes Joe has assumed Murdoch\'s body. Corkle races down to the dressing room. There, Joe passes along information from Mr. Jordan that Farnsworth\'s body is in a refrigerator in the basement of the mansion. Corkle tells the detective , who promptly has Mrs. Farnsworth and the secretary arrested. As Murdoch, Joe fires his old, crooked manager and hires Corkle. Mr. Jordan reveals to Joe that this is his destiny; he can be Murdoch and live his life. Healing the gunshot wound and at the same time removing Joe\'s memory of his past life, Mr. Jordan hangs around for a bit longer until Miss Logan arrives. She wanted to see Corkle, but runs into Murdoch instead. The pair feel they have met before. The two go off together, while Mr. Jordan smiles over another job well done and says "So Long, Champ".'] ['In 1959, Frank and Eva Reilly are on their way to the hospital, as Eva is in labor with their first child. As they are driving, Harrison , Julia , Milo , and Penny  are presented as passengers on the same bus. The bus driver is focused on a car to his left where a man is touching a woman\'s exposed leg. He loses control of the bus and crashes off an overpass, killing all four of the characters. Each one had unfinished business in his or her life, and instead of going to heaven, they find themselves as ghosts, tied to the newborn Thomas Reilly, who was born in the vehicle at the moment the four passengers lost their lives. Only Thomas is able to see the ghosts. They act as his guides and guardian spirits. However, when people show concern over Thomas\' "imaginary" friends, they decide to hide themselves from him to avoid trouble. Thomas is devastated. Twenty-five years later, after finally learning that they were supposed to use their internment on Earth to resolve their remaining issues, they make themselves visible to Thomas  once more. By now, he is a cold, distant businessman having problems with his girlfriend Anne . Though reluctant at first, he eventually agrees to help them fulfill their final tasks. As they succeed  in tying up their decades-old loose ends, they are individually brought to heaven by the bus driver Hal . Milo, a petty thief, regrets a decision he made right before his death to steal back valuable stamps, a family heirloom, from a child. He possesses Thomas to complete the task of stealing the stamps back from his former boss, who still has them. He returns the stamps anonymously to their overjoyed owner. Harrison was a would-be singer who was very talented, but had severe stage fright. He died shortly after giving up at an audition, unable to perform. After encouragement from Thomas and the others, he works up the nerve to sing the National Anthem at a B. B. King concert where Thomas sneaks on stage. Harrison is a big hit, but soon after his performance the police detain Thomas, who is nevertheless satisfied that Harrison\'s final act was a success. Penny was a single mother who had been spending her time with Thomas trying to discover the fates of her three children after her death. Earlier in the day, the group had gone to Penny\'s old neighborhood to look for clues. They found Penny\'s old neighbor who still took care of the neighborhood cats. She told them that Penny\'s daughters were adopted by a good family in Sacramento, but that she lost track of Billy when he entered the foster care system. Thomas, Julia and Penny rush out of the police parking lot after Thomas post-performance arrest eager to continue their search for Penny\'s son. However as they exit, Thomas hits another car. It turns out the car is being driven by the police officer with whom Thomas has had constant run-ins throughout the movie. The officer is traveling with his wife and baby daughter. As the officer and Thomas argue about the accident, the little daughter begins to cry. The police officer attempts to soothe his daughter by singing a song which Penny recognizes as the one she made up to sing to her children. The song used to be her son Billy\'s favorite. Penny is convinced this is her son. Thomas asks the officer if he was ever adopted and if his first name is Billy. Thomas tries to explain that his mother and Billy\'s mother were in the hospital together the night Billy\'s mother died. In attempting to convince the officer of their connection, Thomas tells Billy about his sisters and Billy\'s old next-door neighbor, whom Billy remembers from his youth. Billy admits he had spent the last twenty years trying to find them, but had not been able to get access to the sealed records. Excited to discover this young officer is her son, Penny possesses Thomas to give him a hug and tells him that she loves him. Billy is disoriented and not fully convinced by Thomas\'s story, but they part with Billy issuing a threat to check the story out. Penny\'s work is done. Finally, Julia had been on the way to tell her ex-boyfriend that she loved him and intended to accept his proposal in marriage when the bus crashed. Thomas takes her to the last-known location of the man, trying to outrun the ghost bus that has come for her. She takes control of him when they arrive and writes a letter to give to her fiancée under the cover that he found it. However, when Thomas knocks on the door, the man who lives there reveals that her boyfriend died seven years ago a lonely man worn down by life. Thomas and Julia are stunned at the unfairness of it, until she realizes that coming here was meant to show Thomas that he shouldn\'t squander his relationship with Anne and makes him promise to go to her. Hal is pleased with this explanation, and Julia and Thomas then get ready to say their good-byes. Julia is wistful because she, like the other ghosts, had helped watch over him as her own child, and as she said to him when he was 7 years old, she simply wished she could give him a big hug. After hearing her, Hal looks up to the sky, meaning God, suddenly Julia becomes solid and is able to hug Thomas. The bus driver says \'thank you\' to God and takes Julia away. Thomas and Julia wave good-bye to one another. Thomas then meets up with Anne in the gardens and explains how four people he loved very much have left his life , which had left him devastated. And goes on to explain that he was afraid to love anyone and then tells her his feelings, they both reconcile and kiss.'] 