['Joe Snow, a snowman, recounts how the Muppet Theater was going through financial hardship, and the Muppets seeking Kermit the Frog for guidance. Kermit eventually feels he is not useful to anyone and Daniel, an angel, brings this up with his Boss as they review what has gone on with Kermit in the past hours. Hours earlier, Kermit prepares a Christmas show with his fellow Muppets with Bobo the Bear playing Santa Claus. Kermit is approached by Rachel Bitterman, a banker/real estate agent who says that she will foreclose the Muppet Theater if Kermit does not pay her. Pepe the King Prawn leaves the Muppets because he has fallen in love with Bitterman. While trying to raise money to pay Rachel, Kermit tries to find a celebrity to participate in his Christmas play to no avail. Meanwhile, after learning from Pepe that the deadline is midnight, Bitterman changes it to 6:00&nbsp;p.m. When he sees her with another boy-toy however, Pepe leaves her and warns Kermit about the deadline change. Upon learning this, Kermit sends Fozzie to deliver the money to Bitterman. Fozzie confronts a crazed nature-show host, a laser array, and a gang of Whos after being dyed green at a Christmas tree lot and mistaken for the Grinch. Fozzie goes through the steam baths and ends up back to normal. When Fozzie eventually makes it to the bank and Bitterman\'s office, he discovers too late that he has grabbed the wrong bag containing clothes for the Salvation Army following his incident at the Christmas tree lot. After witnessing these events, the Boss allows Daniel to help Kermit. When Daniel arrives, he ends up showing Kermit what would have happened to his friends if he had not existed. In the world without Kermit, Bitterman has changed the park near the Muppet Theater into a shopping center. Gonzo is now homeless, and Rizzo the Rat stars in an episode of Fear Factor where a woman has to eat him alive. Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem perform Irish stepdance. Doc Hopper\'s French Fried Frog Legs has become a famous restaurant franchise. The Muppet Theater has become a nightclub called Club Dot. Dr. Bunsen Honeydew became a rapper, Beaker became a nightclub bouncer, Scooter and Sam the Eagle are club-dancing ravers, and Fozzie Bear is now a thief living on the streets. Miss Piggy is a spinster who lives in an apartment with a series of cats, working from home as a phone psychic with a fake Jamaican accent. Kermit has Daniel restore him back to his reality and returns to the Muppet Theater. However, Bitterman arrives to shut the theater down and fights with Miss Piggy. Pepe arrives and announces he has made the Muppet Theater into a historical landmark, foiling Bitterman\'s plan. Outside, the Muppets and Joe Snow sing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas."'] ["Danny , is a young student in middle school. He starts to develop feelings for his best friend, Julie. However a new student by the name of Archie comes in and sweeps Julie off her feet. Danny flees to the graveyard where his father is buried and talks to him about his problems. He soon comes across Hubbie alias The Ghost , who helps Danny with his girl problems. Hubbie, former living person from the 30's, gives Danny his advise. They backfire in many ways, always leaving Danny depressed. Danny soon learns that Hubbie once had a former lover before dying in an accident. Danny and Julie end up together at a school dance and Hubbie re-connects with his former love with the help of Danny."] ["An angel wonders if love can be Heaven on Earth in this family-themed romantic fantasy. Rev. Henry Biggs  is the pastor of a struggling Baptist church in a poor section of New York City. Biggs is devoted to serving his flock and his community, but things are not easy; membership is down, money is tight, the furnace is broken, and real estate mogul Joe Hamilton  wants to buy the property and put up condominiums. The strain is taking its toll on Biggs' marriage to his childhood sweetheart Julia , and in a moment of desperation, he prays to the Lord for help. The prayer is answered in the form of Dudley , an angel sent to earth to assist Biggs. The preacher doesn't believe that Dudley is a divine being, but he'll take any help he can get, while Julia, who thinks that Dudley is just another community volunteer, welcomes him into their home. However, Dudley is sidetracked in his earthly mission when he finds himself falling in love with Julia."] ["Hoskins plays police sergeant Jack Moony, a racist cop and Washington plays Napoleon Stone, an adorable but sleazy ambulance chasing lawyer whom Moony hates. Moony's years of bad habits, such as overeating, smoking, and drinking, finally catch up with him. At the same time, Stone is gunned down in a drive-by shooting. After suffering a heart attack, Moony wakes up to find out that his new heart was once Stone's, and the dead lawyer's ghost has become his constant companion. Now, Moony will have to solve Stone's murder."] ["When Eddie Everett was a rookie in 1992, he was one of the best pitchers of his time. He led the California Angels to the American League Championship Series, where they played the Boston Red Sox, and were one out away from making it to the World Series . When a rookie playing for the Red Sox hits a ground ball to Eddie, he bobbles it and is unable to get him out, while the runners he let on base score, losing a chance for the Angels to make it to the World Series. Ever since then, he had never been the same pitcher, or the same person. Six years later, Eddie and his wife, Claire, are divorced, and he has barely kept contact with their thirteen-year-old daughter, Laurel. However, at a game where the Anaheim Angels are playing the fictitious Arizona Crimson Devils, and they lose, Claire says that she is taking a job in Boston and is leaving Laurel with him. When he takes her back home, she realizes that his life isn't at all what she thought it'd be. He can't get over losing that game in his rookie year, and she prays that he can get a second chance. After hearing this prayer, real angel, and former Angels pitcher Bob Bugler, is sent to help her. He and other angels help the team have an incredible winning streak, right when Eddie was about to get cut from the team. Soon, his game improves, as well as his relationship with Laurel. As the season ends, the Angels and the Crimson Devils are forced to play in a one game playoff to determine which team will represent their division in the postseason. The actual devil makes a deal with the Crimson Devils' star player a.k.a. the one who hit the grounder that blew the 1992 ALCS for the Angels, for Eddie to lose the game, and everything he cares about, in exchange for his soul. He agrees. The devil makes the game delayed thanks to rain, and Eddie leaves to see Laurel's ballet recital. To get him to the game faster, Bob speeds up the recital. When he gets to the game, the Crimson Devils are up 2-0 in the bottom of the eighth inning. The Angels soon score three runs thanks to a home run by a player who had a demon holding him back. When Laurel asks Bob why he didn't do anything about it, he replies that the angels aren't allowed to help in championships. When the ninth inning comes, Eddie gets two quick outs, but then a player hits a triple. Then, the same player who blew the game for him in his rookie year comes to the plate, and he asks God what to do, then Bob comes up to him on the mound and tells him that his angel just arrived, and he looks in the stands to see Claire standing there. After this, he pitches to him, and he hits a ground ball just like the one he hit in their rookie year, but this time, he manages to get it, and he throws it to first to end the game, and save his career. He hugs Laurel after the game, and kisses Claire."] ['In the early 1960s, Bobby Fantana , a young greaser-type rebel, challenges Joe Barnes  to a game of chicken for making a pass at his girlfriend Emily . Bobby wins the race easily when Joe dives out of his car, but Bobby is unable to get out of the car in time due to his bracelet getting caught on the gearshift. He dies as his car plummets over the cliff into a fiery wreck. Bobby awakens to find himself on a surreal trip aboard a speeding train vessel. The train stops at a station housing a huge escalator going up into a bright white light, which one of the attendants refers to as "Uptown". Bobby is denied entry, and his new spirit guide Rafferty  appears and explains that he isn\'t considered ready yet and needs to carry out an assignment in order to earn his ticket Uptown. After many years in limbo Bobby is finally given his assignment - he is to return to Earth and act as a guardian angel and friend for nerdy Lenny Barnes , a promising high school student who is constantly picked on in school, particularly by school bullies Fred Gallo ([[Stephen Gregory  and Bill McIntyre . However, Bobby is instructed that he is only allowed to reveal himself to Lenny and nobody else. Bobby helps Lenny by giving him a makeover, assisting him in dealing with Fred and Bill, and helping him win the affection of the hottest girl in school, Sharon . However, Bobby eventually realizes that the new lifestyle Lenny is leading is not noble, as it causes him to rebel against everyone, including his parents. Bobby soon realizes that Lenny\'s mother is Emily, his former girlfriend, and is married to Joe, the man he died racing against. Bobby breaks the Uptown rules and reveals himself to Emily to confess his love for her, and Emily informs him that he is actually Lenny\'s father. In a scene reminiscent of the opening sequence, Lenny is challenged to a chicken race at the local quarry by Fred, Sharon\'s former boyfriend. Having been told by Rafferty that Lenny will die just as Bobby did earlier, Bobby offers to trade his own chance to move Uptown  to save Lenny\'s life. Much like Bobby\'s car race, the race ends with Lenny and Bobby flying over the edge of a cliff, and the car exploding in a fiery wreck. However, Bobby prevents Lenny from dying, and they climb up the cliff together. Bobby helps Lenny see the error of his ways as Lenny reunites with his long-time friend Melissa , who was in love with him and by his side even during his "nerdy years". When Bobby offers himself to Rafferty to fulfill his end of the bargain by accepting a ride "Downtown" , Rafferty explains that this will not be happening. Bobby incredulously asks why, as he had made a deal to trade his own soul for Lenny\'s second chance at life. Rafferty explains to Bobby that he had learned to love and value someone more than himself, and that is how one earned a ticket Uptown. Lenny and his girlfriend then watch Bobby and Rafferty fly into the sky on a motorbike. The movie ends with Bobby going on the escalator to Uptown.'] ['God appears as a kindly old man to Jerry Landers, an assistant supermarket manager. After some mixups in trying to set up an "interview," He tells Jerry that he has been selected to be His messenger to the modern world, much like a contemporary Moses. A bit timidly at first, Landers dutifully tells the world of his encounters with God becoming a national icon of comedic fodder. Understandably skeptical at first, Landers finds his life turned upside down as theologians attempt to discredit him. For instance, a group of religious leaders challenge him to answer a series of written questions in Aramaic while locked in a hotel room alone to prove God is directly contacting him. To Jerry\'s profound relief after an agonizing wait, God arrives and answers the questions. Eventually, Jerry decides to prove his story in a court of law, after being sued for slander by a charismatic preacher that God directed Jerry to call a "phony". Jerry argues that if God\'s existence is a reasonable possibility, then if He chooses he can materialize and sit in the witness chair. At first, God fails to appear, and the judge threatens to charge Jerry with contempt for "what you apparently thought was a clever stunt." Jerry argues that his point was that when he brought up the mere possibility that God would make a personal appearance, everyone clearly waited a moment to see if it would really happen — proving that he at least deserves the benefit of the doubt. Suddenly, without opening the doors, God appears and asks to be sworn in, concluding the procedure with "So help me Me." "If it please the court, and even if it doesn\'t please the court, I\'m God, your honor." God provides some miracles, first in the form of a few rather impressive card tricks for the judge. Then, to help the people believe, he leaves the stand, walks a few steps and, with everyone watching, literally disappears before their eyes. His disembodied voice then issues a parting shot: "It can work. Don\'t hurt each other. If it\'s hard to have faith in me, maybe it will help to know that I have faith in you." Jerry has lost his job, but God assures him that he\'s in "good hands". God gets ready to leave and is not coming back. Jerry then asks what if he needs to talk with him. God says to him "I\'ll tell you what, you talk. I\'ll listen". He then disappears. Jerry smiles as God departs.'] ["{{expand section}} Norman Waters  is a carpenter who is told by an angel named Zach  to rebuild Noah's Ark in 40 days to prepare for a great flood."] ["Charley Appleby is a hardware store owner whose frugality and commitment to his job have enabled his family to avoid poverty during the Great Depression and Prohibition. However, his relationship with his children and wife Nettie  is strained. They especially want to go to see the Chicago World's Fair. His growing sons Willie and Rupert  manage to find work in a junkyard owned by a man named Felix with ties to bootleggers, and his teenage daughter Leonora  decides to elope with a young man named Ray , who seems untrustworthy. Charley is visited by a shabby-looking angel  who appears visible only to him. The angel tells Charley that his time will soon be up, and the shopkeeper decides to become religious, patch relations with his family, sell his business, and do the best he can to be a good father and husband before he dies. Charley's angel appears intermittently throughout the film, occasionally helping Charley, and occasionally causing mischief. The angel reveals his name as Roy Zerney. Charley is initially unsuccessful at effecting change. His gestures are incomprehensible to his wife and children, who see his sudden change of behavior as bizarre, particularly his decision to sell the store. Charley appears ostensibly insane whenever he speaks to, or looks for, the lingering angel who is visible only to him. When Charley tries to take money from his account in the bank, he learns from the banker Ernie  that the bank will be closing for a while and may be in danger of foreclosure. He must loan money to son-in-law Ray, and to his friend Pete . Business tightens, and Charley is running out of time and money. However, Charley becomes an unlikely hero. His boys begin using a rickety Model T, unknowingly delivering illegal booze by Felix's request, and they are kidnapped and forced to drive away when the Chicago gangsters responsible for the operation are trying to flee the city. Charley personally chases them in the abandoned gangsters' car, dodging gunfire, and the police catch him presuming he is the criminal. While in prison, Roy tells Charley that today will probably be his last day on Earth. However, Charley's thoughts are still of his boys. When he returns home in the evening, Leonora and Ray return for an untimely visit just as the gangsters occupy his house and intend to take Charley's wife as another hostage. Charley defies them and defends his wife and kids with his own life. The fight ends when Charley and Ray, with the assistance of a timely appearance by Pete, succeed in defeating the gangsters and delivering them to the police. In the course of the fight, Charley was shot at point-blank range but miraculously receives no wound. For capturing the criminals, Charley receives a $5000 reward posted by Chicago's police department. Ernie appears as a representative of the town to honor Charley as a town hero and present him with a hotel reservation and tickets to the World's Fair. He also informs them that the bank examiner has approved the bank's credibility and that it will be reopening tomorrow. Pete has also returned to repay his debt. Charley, satisfied with the turn of events in his final day, says goodbye to his family and expects that he will still die, but Roy appears and reveals that the eleventh-hour decision in Heaven was to let Charley live. Roy physically intervened and pulled the bullet from the air, thus nullifying the prophecy and clarifying to Charley that he will live on, with an enriched outlook."] ['Ginny Grainger  is the mother of two children, Abbie  and Cal . Her husband, Jack , has been out of work since June, and the family has to move out of the company house by January 1. He enjoys fixing bikes in his basement and hopes to give a bike to his children\'s friend, Molly Monaghan, who is poor and that\'s all she wants for Christmas. Although Jack would like to open a bike shop of his own, doing so would use up all their savings, which Ginny sees as a foolish move. In order to make ends meet, she works as a cashier at a grocery store. Christmas is looming on the horizon which is causing even more trouble for Ginny and like Scrooge, she loses sight of the true meaning of Christmas. One night, Abbie goes across the street to the mailbox to send a letter to Santa Claus. After she mails it, Gideon , an angel who has been watching the Graingers, retrieves Abbie\'s letter from the mailbox and returns it to her saying that her mother should mail it. She agrees, and as she\'s crossing the street to return to the house, a car barrels down the road towards her. Gideon stops the impending accident and allows Abbie to cross the street without incident. The next day, the Graingers visit Jack\'s grandfather. He gives the children presents: Cal a book his mother used to read to him and Abbie a snow globe of the North Pole. That night Gideon visits Abbie in her room only to learn that Ginny did not mail Abbie\'s letter to Santa Claus. While talking to her, he purposely drops the snow globe she has been given and it breaks, but then he magically repairs it. He says he can fix a glass ball, but not her mother. Gideon tells Abbie that some things are going to happen tomorrow and not to be afraid. Meanwhile, Ginny and Jack are in the kitchen talking about their finances. He reiterates his desire to open a bike business, but she feels that he should find a new job, as the time to start turning a profit from a business would be too long. Frustrated, Jack storms out of the house to go for a walk. Ginny races after him to try to work things out. Ominously, all the Christmas lights begin turning off all around her, as to show that the last of the Christmas spirit has been drained from her. The next day, Christmas Eve, Ginny gets a ride to work from a friend. They stop at a gas station, where she sees a man trying to sell some of his possessions in order to support himself and his son, with little success. She shrugs this situation off and goes on with her day. Jack goes to the bank to take some money out of their savings to do some Christmas shopping for the kids. The children are supposed to wait in the car, but Abbie sees the grocery store where her mom works and goes over to say \'hi\'. Ginny asks where Abbie\'s father is and she tells her he\'s at the bank. Ginny storms out of the store to take Abbie back to the car and stop Jack, only to have her boss see her leave and he fires her. Ginny puts Abbie back in the car and enters the bank only to discover that the man who was trying to sell his possessions at the gas station is holding up the bank. Jack attempts to quell the situation, but the man shoots him. In a panic, the gunman flees the bank and hops into the family\'s car with Abbie and Cal still inside. Ginny realizes that the gunman just stole the car with the children in it, so she gets in the gunman\'s car and chases after him, but the car runs out of gas before she can catch up with him. The gunman comes to a bridge where the police have set up a road-block. He tries to swerve around it, but the car skids and swerves off the bridge into the river below. After learning of the death of both her husband and children, Ginny returns home to an empty house, spirit broken, and weeps. Soon after, Jack\'s grandfather comes to the house to inform her that the kids have been found standing on the side of the road. The police believe that the gunman dropped them off before the crash, when in reality the angel Gideon had rescued them from the river. When they return home, Ginny informs them that their father has died and is not coming back. Later that night, Abbie runs away to the town\'s Christmas tree in hopes of finding Gideon to ask him to bring back her dad. Gideon tells her that he can\'t fix things like what has happened to her dad. He tells her that the only person who can bring him back is Santa Claus. Meanwhile, Ginny goes into a panic looking for Abbie, who has gone missing. Gideon takes Abbie with him to the North Pole to talk with Santa Claus. Santa informs her that he too cannot fix what has happened nor can he bring the Christmas spirit back to Ginny, but Abbie can. Santa then takes her through his factory which is run by "ordinary, nice people," not elves. In the mailroom, he retrieves a letter that Ginny had written to Santa years ago when she was a child, and tells her that the letter may hold the key to helping her mother. Gideon returns Abbie to her house and she gives her mother the letter. Ginny reads it and finally realizes the true meaning of Christmas: to celebrate what you have and not what you want. She walks outside to the mailbox and mails Abbie\'s letter to Santa. Gideon appears next to her and says, "Good night, Ginny. Merry Christmas." She smiles and replies, "Good night, Gideon." Just then, all the Christmas lights begin to come back on and from around the corner, Jack reappears and she runs to hug him. The next day, Ginny re-lives the events of that Christmas Eve, but this time with a different attitude. At the gas station she buys a camp stove from the would-be gunman who thanks her and wishes her a Merry Christmas. At the grocery store, she tells her boss that she won\'t be coming into work that day. He responds, "Go, and don\'t come back." He then smiles and says, "Until Thursday morning." Then she writes a check to Jack for the bike business and the kids give Molly a bike. That night, she hears something downstairs and finds Santa putting presents under the tree. He then stops and looks at her and says, "Merry Christmas, Ginny." She smiles and with tear-filled eyes, finally says the words she has been unable to speak for so long: "Merry Christmas!"'] ['Victorian adventurer and sexologist Sir Richard Francis Burton ([[John Robinson , following an "unfortunate encounter" with the Fountain of Youth in 1892, is 170 years old and living in Toronto, Canada. Burton, now living and working as the chief taxidermist at a Museum of Natural History, is searching for a centerpiece display for an exhibit in his Hall of Contagion. He comes up with the idea of featuring AIDS and the Patient Zero hypothesis. Accepting the popular belief that Zero introduced the virus to North America, Burton sets out to collect video footage from those who knew Zero to support the hypothesis. When Zero\'s doctor , mother  and former airline colleague Mary , who is now with ACT UP, all refuse to demonize Zero, Burton manipulates the footage to make it appear as if they do and includes doctored photographs of Zero showing signs of Kaposi\'s sarcoma. He presents this preliminary version to the press. The ghost of Zero  materializes at a local gay bathhouse. No one can see or hear him, until Zero runs into Burton while Burton is spying on Zero\'s friend George. Zero realizes that Burton can see him, although Zero does not show up on Burton\'s video camera. The two strike a deal; Zero agrees to help Burton with his Patient Zero exhibit if Burton finds a way to make Zero appear. The two return to the museum where Burton makes a ridiculous attempt to seduce Zero to ensure his participation. Rejecting his advances, Zero examines some of the other exhibits  before finding an African green monkey, another suspected early AIDS vector. The monkey  angrily denounces Zero for scapegoating her just as he has been scapegoated. Zero turns to Burton and they make love. Under pressure from his director and the exhibit\'s drug manufacturer sponsor, Burton steals Zero\'s medical records in hopes of discovering new information. Zero and Burton examine an old blood sample of Zero\'s under a microscope and discover Miss HIV , who points out that the original study that was used to label Patient Zero as the first person to bring HIV to North America did not prove any such thing, but instead helped prove that HIV was sexually transmitted, leading to the development of safer sex practices. Under this interpretation, Zero could be lauded as a hero for his candor in participating in that original study. As Burton ponders this, an unknown fluid squirts from the eye pieces of the microscope, drenching Zero and making him appear on video. He joyously declares his innocence on tape but the effect only lasts five minutes before he fades away again. Zero angrily accuses Burton of not caring for him at all and only wanting to use him for the exhibit, then storms out. Burton fails to complete the revised Patient Zero exhibit before its scheduled opening date. The museum curator substitutes the original presentation instead over Burton\'s protests, leading to a renewed rush of press scapegoating Zero. The night after the exhibit opens, Mary and other ACT UP members break into the Hall of Contagion and trash the exhibit. Zero returns and Burton explains that he tried to stop the exhibit. Zero forgives Burton but says he wants to disappear again completely. Zero merges with his disfigured video image and, smoking a cigarette inside the video, sets off the fire alarm. The sprinklers destroy the video player and Zero vanishes. A major subplot involves George , a French teacher and former intimate of Zero\'s. George is losing his sight to cytomegalovirus and is taking a drug that is manufactured by a company that, as a member of ACT UP, George is protesting. George struggles through the film to resolve his conflicted feelings over this, his guilt over abandoning Zero during the final days of his illness and his fear that the same thing will happen to him.'] ['Parton stars as a somewhat-selfish country singer, Ruby Diamond, whose untimely death while driving at night results in her gaining an audience with St. Peter . He offers her a rather unusual arrangement: she will return to Earth on a mission to reunite the suburban Bartilson family . If she succeeds by midnight on Christmas Eve, then she will be granted her wings as an angel. If not, she will receive a fate much worse. Masquerading as an out-of-sorts governess, Ruby slowly but surely starts to knit father/widower Ben Bartilson  together with his rebellious yet conflicted daughter Sarah  and lonely son Matthew . But when Christmas Eve rolls around and Matthew runs away from home, St. Peter arrives to remind Ruby of the deal\'s terms, to which she replies, "I don\'t care; I\'m fixing this family whether I get into Heaven or not." Upon the successful completion of her mission, St. Peter urges her to leave, despite her protests . But he reminds her that they will no longer remember her, so she reluctantly accepts. As she is awarded her wings, we see the family celebrating their first Christmas together in years.'] ["Bishop Henry Brougham  prays for divine guidance with the troubled building of a new cathedral. His plea is seemingly answered by a suave angel named Dudley , who reveals his identity initially only to the clergyman. However, Dudley's mission is not to help with the construction of the cathedral. He is there to guide Henry and the people around him. Henry has become obsessed with the building to the detriment of his duties and marriage to his neglected, unhappy wife, Julia . Everyone, except for Henry, is charmed by the newcomer, even the non-religious Professor Wutheridge . Dudley persuades the wealthy parishioners, particularly Mrs. Hamilton , to contribute the needed funds, but not to build the cathedral. He helps Mrs. Hamilton decide to give her money to feed and clothe the needy—much to Henry's chagrin. He also redecorates the Broghams' Christmas tree in two seconds, saves an old church by restoring interest in the boys' choir, and arranges for the typewriter to automatically type Henry's new sermon - which Dudley dictates without Henry's knowledge. When Dudley spends time cheering up Julia, there is an unexpected development: Dudley finds himself strongly attracted to her. Sensing this, Henry becomes jealous and anxious for his unwelcome guest to finish and depart. Eventually, he stands up to the angel. With his mission completed and knowing that Julia loves her husband, Dudley leaves, promising never to return. All memory of him is erased, and on Christmas Eve at midnight, Henry delivers the sermon that he believes he has written."] ["Steve Walker  arrives in a seacoast town to take the position of track coach at the local college, in Maryland, called Godolphin. The night of his arrival coincides with a charity bazaar at Blackbeard's Inn, a hotel run by the elderly descendants of the pirate's crew, where Steve will be boarding. The owners are attempting to pay off their mortgage in order to keep the inn from being bought by the local crime boss, Silky Seymour , who wants to build a casino on the land. In quick succession, Steve discovers his track team's shortcomings and runs afoul of the dean of Godolphin College, its football coach, and Seymour; but he also makes the acquaintance of an attractive Godolphin professor, Jo Anne Baker , who is anxious to help the elderly ladies save the Inn. A bidding war with the football coach at the charity auction nets Steve an antique bed warmer, once owned by the wife of Captain Blackbeard, named Aldetha Teach, . Inside this bed warmer is hidden a book of magic spells, that had once been the property of Blackbeard's wife. Steve recites one as a lark, unintentionally conjuring up the ghost of Blackbeard , who appears as a socially-inappropriate drunkard whose wife cursed him to an existence in limbo unless he can perform a good deed. The two are bound to one another by the power of the spell and only the very reluctant Steve can see or hear the ghost. As a result, Steve must deal with the antics of the wayward pirate while attempting to revive Godolphin's track team and form a relationship with Jo Anne. Steve gets arrested falsely for drunk driving, in his automobile, which was in the control of Blackbeard, who was steering the steering wheel like a pirate ship, As a result of this, as well as causing the cop's motorcycle to crash into a tree, he spends a night in prison, while Blackbeard goes in and out, creating havoc for Steve. While in prison, Steve tells Blackbeard about what Mrs Stowcroft mentioned that if Blackbeard did a good deed, the curse would be broken. However, when Steve asks for the treasure that would help save the Daughters of the Buccaneers, in keeping the inn, Blackbeard admits that he spend all of the money, therefore, causing Steve to no longer trust Blackbeard. Steve gets released from prison the next, however, he's placed on probation with the college. His team had to win the Broxton relays or he would be finished. The trouble was that the athletes looked pale and sorrowful, causing them not have a chance in the competitions. Things get more complicated when the pirate steals one of the Inn's mortgage payments and bets it on Steve's track team. Blackbeard's intention is to use his ghostly powers to help Godolphin win the Broxton Relay track meet, and thereby pay the mortgage in full. Though Steve  is at first outraged over the pirate's interference during the meet, he eventually decides the greater good is to win the money for the sake of the Inn, and help the old ladies whom he also has grown fond of. He also accepts the pirate's help in shaking down Silky Seymour and his thugs after Seymour refuses to pay out the winnings from the bet. Finally, with the mortgage paid, Blackbeard has performed his good deed and is released from the curse. After Steve has revealed him to the ladies and Jo Anne, Blackbeard bids them all a cordial goodbye and departs to join his former crew, leaving Steve and Jo Anne to pursue their future happily together."] ['Newly elected to Congress, former local television news reporter Evan Baxter  leaves his hometown of Buffalo, New York and moves to the fictional town of Prestige Crest, Virginia, where his campaign promise to "change the world" is ridiculed by some, but Evan remains optimistic about his new position at the beginning of the film. On the first day on his job, Evan is given a spacious office and is invited to co-sponsor a bill with Congressman Chuck Long , something rare for a first-timer. His family is happy, but due to the change in their situation to the move when Evan\'s wife, Joan  prays that Evan will have a greater sense of togetherness. Everything seems to be going well for Evan. Soon after Evan\'s election to Congress, strange things start to happen in his household: # Evan\'s alarm clock repeatedly goes off at 6:14 A.M., despite being set for a different time every night. # Large quantities of ancient tools and wood are delivered to Evan\'s house daily without explanation. # Animals follow Evan without any apparent reason . # Evan grows a beard that is restored wholly every time he shaves. # Eight vacant lots in Prestige Crest are purchased in Evan\'s name. # A mysterious company named GO-4-WOOD delivers a shipment of lumber that Evan did not order. # The number "614" follows Evan everywhere he goes. Evan soon learns that 614 refers to the verse in the Book of Genesis, where God  instructs Noah to build an Ark in preparation for a flood. God appears to Evan and cordially insisting that Evan should build an Ark as well. Although Evan resists, God follows him using different guises and convinces Evan to build the Ark. Joan, concerned about his behavior, believes that Evan is having a mid-life crisis. Without Joan\'s support, Evan enlists his three sons, Dylan, Jordan, and Ryan (Johnny Simmons, [[Graham Phillips  to build the Ark. Reappearing, God tells Evan the flood will come on September 22 at midday.  Animals continue to follow Evan around, getting increasingly annoying as time passes. At first, Long is unimpressed, and allows this behavior to occur, but warns Evan that he will not want any more animal surprises. Unfortunately, the animals follow Evan to Congress numerous times, despite his efforts to detain them. This compels Evan to confess Long, other Congressmen, and the television cameras broadcasting the meeting is that the reason for the animals, strange behavior, robe, and beard is because of God convincing Evan to build the Ark. Humiliating both Congress and the controversial Public Land Act bill that Long is attempting to pass, Evan is temporarily suspended from Congress and removed from Long\'s bill. As security guards kicks Evan out of Congress, some birds poop on Long\'s face upon Evan\'s departure. Joan becomes angry and disappointed on Evan\'s behavior and leaves Evan alone because she believes he is insane. Evan does not let this stop himself and continues to build the Ark alone, gaining international notice and public ridicule. Meanwhile, God appears to Joan, disguised as a waiter at a diner with his name tag "Al Mighty". In this disguise, God tells Joan that he believes himself and does not give things, but only the opportunity by which to obtain things, and gives an example of family togetherness. Having a revelation, Joan returns to Evan with newfound faith to finish the Ark together. Meanwhile, Evan is informed by his three congressional colleagues, Rita, Marty, and Eugene  that Long has unexpectedly given an approval to build a dam near Prestige Crest and has cut corners in building codes in doing so. On September 22, Evan loads hundreds of animals onto the newly finished Ark in front of hundreds of spectators and live news crews, and invites the crowd to join them, but is made fun of. However, the police arrive in Prestige Crest with a wrecking ball and attempt to destroy the Ark because of its violation of numerous building codes within the town. Noon arrives, and minutes pass with no sign of rain, provoking spectator scorn. A short downburst of rain does come, but it is short-lived. Joan asks Evan to leave the Ark, explaining that Evan has built it and succeeded in his mission; but at this moment, Evan sees Long\'s dam burst from the distance. With the water from the dam rushing towards them, all of the spectators, reporters, and policemen immediately seek refuge in the Ark, which rides the flood through the streets and historical landmarks of Washington, D.C.. The Ark eventually reaches its final destination in front of the Capitol, where other Congressmen greeted the Ark by crashing into the side of the structure. Long, who is outraged that the flood did really happen earlier, is told by Evan that the flood was caused by his defective dam, but Long did not believe this, and tells Evan already that this would not happen again. Those events entice Evan and other Congressmen to turn against Long by demanding him to step down from office. While Congress was investigating Long about his defective dam, Evan celebrates the events by going on a hiking trip along with Joan, three sons, and his newly adopted dog, where God reappears and tells Evan that the way to change the world is by doing one Act of Random Kindness  at a time. The film ends when Evan and God doing a happy dance together before God disappears, leaving Evan, Joan, and three sons behind.'] ['Bruce Nolan  is a television field reporter for Eyewitness News on WKBW-TV in Buffalo, New York with a girlfriend named Grace. He desires to be the news anchorman, but soon after being passed over for promotion by his rival, Evan Baxter , he becomes furious during a live interview at Niagara Falls, leading to his suspension from the station. Following a series of misfortunes such as getting assaulted by a gang of thugs, Bruce complains to God  that "He\'s the one that should be fired" after which he ends up crashing his car into a pole. God isn\'t doing his job correctly, according to Bruce. Bruce later receives a message on his pager, directing him to an empty warehouse where God meets him. Bruce does not believe God is who he says he is but God\'s divine powers seem convincing. God offers Bruce his powers to prove that He is doing the job correctly. God tells Bruce that he cannot tell others he has God\'s powers, nor can he use the powers to alter free will. Bruce is initially jubilant with the powers, using them for personal gain, such as by getting his job back, replacing his car with silver Saleen S7 and impressing his girlfriend Grace Connelly . Th e gang of thugs who previously assaulted him face his wacky wrath, as he manifests a monkey out of the gang leader\'s butt and breathes a swarm of hornets toward his fleeing flunkies. Bruce finds ways of using the powers to cause miraculous events to occur at otherwise mundane events that he covers, causing a meteor to harmlessly land near a cook-off, finding the body of Jimmy Hoffa  and framing the two competing reporters for possession of illegal drugs. Bruce then causes his rival, the anchorman Evan, to utter mostly gibberish on-air, resulting in the job going to Bruce. During this, Bruce continues to hear voices in his head and people begin protesting in the outcome of his actions. He later re-encounters God on Mount Everest, who explains the voices are prayers, meant for God, that Bruce must deal with. Bruce creates a computerized email-like system to receive the prayers and respond, but finds that the influx is far too great for him to handle, and sets the program to automatically answer every prayer Yes. Bruce attends a party celebrating his promotion. When Grace arrives, she discovers Bruce\'s co-anchor Susan Ortega  trying to seduce him, and quickly leaves believing he ditched her. Bruce follows her, trying to use his powers to convince her to stay but cannot influence her free will. He tries to tell her what happened but she refuses to believe him and moves out of the apartment. When announcing in the anchor position Bruce realizes that the city has fallen into chaos because of him answering every prayer as yes and people in the city believe the Apocalypse is imminent due to the meteor strikes. A large number of people prayed to God  to win the multi-million dollar lottery and when thousands of people won, it reduced their winnings to a few dollars and the mobs of angry people started riots in the streets. Bruce returns to God, who explains that He can\'t solve all the problems and Bruce must figure out a way himself. Bruce returns to his computer system and goes about answering prayers as best he can and he goes to Evan and makes up with him by informing him that he turned down the anchorman job offer and that he asked for Evan to be given back his job to which he does. As he reads through the prayers, he finds a prayer from Grace, wishing for Bruce\'s success and well-being. As he reads it, another prayer from Grace arrives, this one wishing not to be in love with Bruce anymore. Bruce is stunned and walks alone on a highway, asking God to take back His powers and letting his fate be in His hands. Bruce is suddenly struck by a truck, and seriously wounded and regains consciousness in a white void. God appears, and asks Bruce what he really wants; Bruce admits that he only wants to make sure Grace finds a man that would make her happy. God agrees, and Bruce finds himself in the hospital, shortly after being recovered--a near miracle--by the doctors. Grace arrives and the two rekindle their relationship  and it is revealed that they are engaged. After his recovery, Bruce returns to his on-site reporting but now takes more pleasure in the simple stories and it ends with Evan, his colleagues and Grace applauding for him when he interviews a bakery shop shown in the beginning.'] ["Kate and Henry are a happy couple. Henry proposed to Kate and they are about to be married, but on the day of their wedding, Kate is accidentally killed by an ice sculpture angel, because of the actions of the drunken ice sculptor . Unaware that she has died and her soul left her body, Kate awakens in Purgatory, and wastes precious time arguing with an angel who finally leaves before she can explain to Kate what she must do to move on. A year later, Henry's sister Chloe  hopes that he will find closure by consulting Ashley , a psychic who also runs a catering business with her gay best friend Dan . After an unsuccessful first meeting, Chloe gives Kate's diary to Ashley so that she can pretend to communicate with Kate and convince Henry to move on with his life. In the process, Henry and Ashley fall for each other... much to the consternation of Kate, who has been watching over Henry. When Kate voices her displeasure, Ashley hears her, unaware of what it means. Angry over Ashley's deception and uncertain of what she's supposed to do, Kate later encounters the ice sculptor, and discovers that he is also a ghost . He explains to her that they must deal with their unfinished business. Believing that her job is to protect Henry, Kate proceeds to harass Ashley . Using her ghostly abilities of intangibility, levitation, and auditory hallucination, Kate hopes to force Ashley to break up with Henry. Ashley persists, but then Henry discovers the fraud with the diary and breaks off the relationship. Despondent over the break-up, Ashley turns to Dan for solace, but is further distraught when Dan reveals that he is not gay and has been secretly been in love with her for years. Over time, however, Ashley and Dan eventually reconcile. After several months of watching Henry fall back into a depressed funk, Kate encounters the sculptor once more, who points out that if she had resolved her unfinished business, she would have moved on to Heaven by now. When the sculptor asks her what she really wants, Kate reluctantly admits that she only wants Henry to be happy... and realizes that he could be happy with Ashley. Then the sculptor reveals that Kate was his unfinished business and he had to get her to do the right thing before moving on, which he does. Kate first attempts to convince Ashley to get back together with Henry but Ashley doesn't believe her change of heart, and is preparing to fly to Las Vegas with Dan. In desperation, Kate finds she is able to talk to Henry through his pet parrot and gets him to meet Ashley at the airport. Realizing that Henry has forgiven her and that she has Kate's blessing, Ashley joyfully embraces with Henry. At their wedding, Ashley delays her walk down the aisle to sit briefly in the back pew, to promise Kate that she will strive to make Henry happy. Also at the wedding, Dan makes a new connection with Chloe. Now ready to move on, Kate arrives once more in Purgatory, and the angel is still reluctant to let her into Heaven."] ['Stu Miley is a disillusioned cartoonist whose comic strip features a rascal monkey named Monkeybone. Stu is in love with a sleep institute worker named Dr. Julie McElroy, who helped him deal with his terrible nightmares by changing his drawing hand. One night, Stu crashes his car on a ventilator\'s tubes after accidentally activating an inflatable Monkeybone toy and slips into a coma. His spirit ends up in Down Town, a limbo-like carnival landscape populated by human beings, mythical creatures and figments of people\'s imaginations where nightmares are entertainment. In Downtown, Monkeybone is real. During that time, Stu befriends a catgirl named Miss Kitty. When Stu learns that his sister Kimmy is about to pull the plug on him, he asks Hypnos: God of Sleep for advice. Hypnos tells Stu that to get back to the living, he has to infiltrate the Land of Death to steal an Exit Pass from Death which are given out to coma victims by Reapers giving them permission to leave Down Town and awaken from their coma. Stu successfully steals an Exit Pass, but Monkeybone steals it from him in turn and enters the Land of the Living in Stu\'s body through the Revive-O. Hypnos plans to use Stu\'s body to get a chemical substance that Julie developed that gives people and animals nightmares: the Oneirix. Upon being sent to the institute by Hypnos upon reminding him of his mission, Monkeybone  ends up successfully stealing the Oneirix, switching it with another juice. Monkeybone obtains the Oneirix and puts it inside stuffed monkey toys of himself  so that those who touch them will be infected and given nightmares. With help from Miss Kitty, Stu escapes from his imprisonment. Monkeybone in Stu\'s body prepares a pinata for the Monkeybone farting dolls at the party. Meanwhile, Stu reveals Hypnos\' plan to Death upon capture and convinces her to send him back for only an hour, only to find himself in the body of a dead athlete organ donor. As he flees the morgue attendants, Stu finds out about Monkeybone\'s planned party and heads there with the extractors still in pursuit. At the party, Stu\'s agent, Herb, exposes himself to the Oneirix in the Monkeybone doll and ends up seeing in the mirror that his clothes are coming to life. This causes Herb to run through the party naked, telling everyone that the clothes have come to life and turned evil. After that, Monkeybone in Stu\'s body tells everyone to forget about it as he brings down the Stu pinata containing the Monkeybone dolls. Stu uses Monkeybone\'s main characteristics from the comics to cause him to panic and escape. A chase ensues, culminating with Stu and Monkeybone battling each other while clinging to a giant Monkeybone balloon. The balloon is eventually shot down by a passing incompetent policeman and both Stu and Monkeybone fall to their deaths. Back in Down Town, Stu and Monkeybone are falling toward Down Town where the residents cheer on their fight. Just then, all the rides stop and a giant robot emerges near the Revive-O causing everyone to flee the area. When Stu and Monkeybone are caught by it, the operator of the robot is revealed to be Death who seems quite cheerful despite the circumstances. Monkeybone tries to have Death let him go to the bathroom, but Death places Monkeybone back in Stu\'s head which is where he belongs. Death then tells Stu that she will send him back because she likes his comic strips and doesn\'t want them to stop just now and because she needs to make room for the guys from South Park  as she heard that they are "dying to meet her". She then uses her robot to send Stu back to the living and he wakes up in his own body. Stu then proposes to Julie and they get married. An erratic Herb breaks the fourth wall urging the audience to take off their clothes and the film cuts to an animated sequence where cartoon characters strip their human disguises revealing monkeys underneath.'] ["The ghost of recently dead Mr. Hiram Stokley  finds that he has 24 hours to perform one good deed to get into Heaven. He enlists the help of his long dead girlfriend, Cecily, to stop his lawyer, Reginald Ripper , and a henchman from claiming the estate for themselves. The real heirs, Chuck, Lili, Hiram's cousin Myrtle, and her son bring their beach party friends to the mansion for a pool party while Reginald Ripper also employs his daughter Sinistra, and J. Sinister Hulk's slow-witted associates Chicken Feather and Yolanda to help them terrorize the teens, while dopey biker Eric Von Zipper and his Malibu Rat Pack bikers also get involved in pursuing Yolanda for a share of the Stokley estate."] ['Terry Dean , a professional burglar specialized in sabotaging electronic surveillance systems, stands before his release from yet another stint in prison. Following a fellow inmate\'s suggestion, he decides to switch to bank robbery instead, with a special twist of his own design: first by having the security cameras record TV shows he would connect them to with a modified remote control, then entering disguised as a celebrity; the confusion over this unexpected appearance would serve to confound a detailed description. Terry\'s first heist is successful, but shortly afterwards he witnesses a young boy about to be overrun by a van; he impulsively pushes the child away and is himself hit. While in the hospital, he has a nebulous experience  in which he meets God  who introduces himself as Terry\'s \'probation helper\'. Though Terry has lived a sinful life, his last deed, impulsive as it was, has earned him a second chance to save his soul - by doing God\'s work as an angel in training. After reawakening, Terry tries another hold-up , but a stroke of bad luck and a gang of amateurs interfere. During this, one of the thugs tries to shoot but fails to kill him . Thinking himself to be an angel now, Terry reconsiders his ways, seeks advice in a church, and then he follows several \'signs\' to another town. In a bar, he meets Steve Garner , an embittered young man confined to a wheelchair by a terminal sickness. In order to bring Steve out of his self-pity, Terry engages him in a fist-fight on equal terms, sitting fixed on a stool. Steve, taken with Terry\'s acceptance of him as a person, not a cripple, strikes up a friendship with Terry and offers him a place to stay at the youth center for children and teens, which he runs with his sister Rose . Rose is at first suspicious about Terry, but Terry proves himself by slyly intimidating two drug dealers into leaving the center\'s area and helping out as much as he can, and Rose gradually falls in love with him. The center itself, however, is in financial difficulties, since its backer George Bealeman , while claiming himself to be a faithful Christian, refuses to provide any more funds. Since he has no angel\'s powers, Terry uses his technical know-how to convince Bealeman otherwise: by recording and re-editing a segment from TV evangelist Rev. Barton\'s  telecast , and fitting the cross at the rooftop of the center\'s church with lighting effects, triggered by his universal remote. At the evening where Bealeman drops by, however, two police detectives close in on Terry. Steve, who happens to overhear them, rushes off in his wheelchair to warn Terry, but during the flight he injures himself critically, slowly bleeding to death. Just after Bealeman has left, he arrives at the center, and while Rose runs to calls an ambulance, Steve delivers his warning. Afraid of death, Steve feels lost, and Terry, recalling his own experiences, gives him last comfort by assuring that he will find a place in Heaven. Reassured, Steve dies in the arms of Terry and Rose. Terry then announces that he has to leave, and trying to comfort Rose, he reveals that he is "almost an angel". Rose is understandably skeptical, but after Terry leaves, she checks his universal remote which he had left her as a keepsake, only to discover that it contains no batteries, and the cross nevertheless begins to shine brilliantly on its own. She runs after Terry and calls out to him. Distracted, Terry slips and falls right before a speeding truck - only to have it pass right through him. Having passed his angel\'s exam, Terry continues on his quest to do God\'s work , and Rose is left comforted at last.'] ['The first scenes introduce the protagonist, Nishi, who is a 20-year-old loser dreaming of becoming a comic book artist. One late evening he runs into a girl Myon on the subway. He has had a crush on her since childhood, but his lack of self confidence and his insecurities had stopped him from seriously pursuing her, and they had drifted apart for years. It transpires that Myon too has not achieved her aspirations, as she was a swimming champion during high school, but gave up when her breasts became too big. Nishi now finally declares he has always loved her, but she tells him she is due to marry someone else. They then go to her parents\' yakitori restaurant, to see Myon\'s father and her strikingly different older sister Yan  and to talk about old times. There Nishi also meets Myon\'s handsomely brawny fiancee, Ryo, who makes a living as a trucker. Observing their interactions while dining, Nishi is forced to admit that Ryo may very well be both a much better man and a much better match for Myon than himself. Two yakuza gangsters then enter the restaurant to collect money that Myon\'s father owes them. He has had debts with the yakuza and left his family dealing with the problems he created, spending his time away from home, having fun with young women and gambling. It is because of his reckless and selfish behavior that his entire family is now placed in danger. Regardless of all that, he does not dare to reveal himself when the gangsters arrive or when the situation worsens. The first yakuza, called Atsu, is an arrogant soccer player, who wears the number 10 soccer shirt and has even played for the Japanese national soccer team, who has an anger management problem. The second, senior, yakuza\'s name is never revealed . It is later revealed through flashbacks much later in the movie that the senior yakuza is actually both the first boyfriend - and current lover - of the girls\' estranged mother, from whom she was seduced by her husband at a disco during their youth in the 1970s, and with whom she later had an extramarital affair  when they met again when he first came to collect her husband\'s debts, before ultimately abandoning her family. Neither of the girls nor their father is aware of this, however, and it is never mentioned either by the senior yakuza. It is later shown that his lover, the girls\' mother, is waiting at a train station, implying that she plans to go far away somewhere and start a new life for herself. In the first timeline of the movie, he decides not to join her, but in the second timeline created by a change of events at the end of the movie, it is shown that he decides to go be with her after all. Atsu soon recognizes the father, cowering in the corner, as the man who seduced and stole his girlfriend from him. He becomes enraged and goes berzerk. While the father cowers around the corner, Ryo steps in and tries to punch Atsu, but his attack is easily avoided and instead he gets knocked out by Atsu. When Ryo falls, it is revealed that he wears a toupee. Atsu then lecherously eyes Myon, and proceeds to begin to rape her. Nishi meanwhile is rolled in a ball, terrified. Myon calls his name, but then Atsu turns on him and places his pistol against Nishi\'s anus. the gun goes off when Nishi suddenly moves, thus killing him instantly. The senior Yakuza, offended by Atsu\'s lack of control, shoots him dead, and then nonchalantly orders dinner. Meanwhile, Nishi has gone to heaven. There he encounters a being watching television but whose physical character changes every fraction of a second - God. God reveals to Nishi that there is really no paradise in the afterlife and that because he is now dead, his soul is now destined to spend the rest of eternity in the void of oblivion. Nishi has a nervous breakdown and laments his existence to God, blaming him for giving him a loser\'s life. Telling Nishi to just resign himself to his inevitable fate, God then turns his back on him and begins grooming himself, as he is scheduled to go on a date for which he is already running late. Nishi refuses to accept that his time is now up forever and tries to flee by running back to Earth while God\'s back is turned. God chases him in the form of a huge leopard, but becomes impressed by Nishi\'s sheer will to live, and so lets him escape with a warning that this is his one and only second chance. This exit sends Nishi and his body back in time to just before the moment when Atsu pulled the trigger. This time around, Nishi resolves to live life more fully. He clenches his buttocks, seizes Atsu\'s gun, and turns the tables by reflexively shooting him instead. He, Yan and Myon all pile into the yakuza\'s car, leaving the father of Myon and Yan to deal with his debts to the yakuza himself. Myon thinks they should go to the police, but Nishi declines, preferring to be on the run. There then begins a high speed chase, followed by the massed yakuzas, who are controlled by the stereotypical Japanese Yakuza boss, a large man wearing several rings and gold necklaces, stroking a little pet in a huge business office. He has his men cut the trio off and force them on to a bridge. Nishi refuses to be taken alive. He steers the car in a death plunge off the bridge - but they are then swallowed up by an enormous whale. Inside the whale, they meet a strange old man who has been trapped in the whale for decades. He takes them into the elaborate suspended house he has constructed over the \'sea\' inside the whale\'s belly, and teaches them about how to live inside the wall, what recreations are possible, introduces them to his Plesiosaurs sea friends, etc. He also recounts his history as a drug courier; while still a young yakuza, he hid a package of drugs in a child\'s toy and stored it with his son\'s toys, but when he retrieved it for the sale, he grabbed the wrong container, which eventually led to him fleeing with a ship and getting captured by the whale. It is later revealed through flashbacks much later in the movie that the old man is actually the long-lost father of the senior Yakuza shown earlier, as shown by the identical flashbacks the two have of their tragic past. None of the characters have any awareness of this fact nor learn about it through the course of the movie, and it is not shown in any of the possible futures toward the end of the movie if the old man ever reunited with his son, even after getting out of the whale. During the symbolic and metaphorical time inside the cetacean , they experience personal development and growth and have to face their problems and insecurities. Nishi learns the craft of writing and drawing humorous manga, he and Myon finally become sexually intimate, and the whole group experiment in art, particularly dance and painting, by doing performance, etc. In the whale, Yan for example, learns that being the older sister, she had always felt compelled to be the one to take responsibility in the family and to look after Myon, but really she was the one who wanted to be helped in the first place. The four castaways are eventually forced to escape from the whale, who is slowly dying after being fatally wounded by whalers. Their flight is followed by a lengthy montage, similar to that of the opening credits, showing some of the many possible futures for each of the four characters. The film returns to its very first scene, with Myon running from the Yakuza, only this time she does not get her leg caught in the door of the train, suggesting yet another possible series of events through the creation of a second timeline with a new future for all the characters. The movie ends ambiguously, with the phrase "This Story Has Never Ended" appearing before the credits roll.'] ['In this sequel, God asks the help of 11-year-old Tracy Richards  to help promote Himself. Tracy creates the slogan "Think God" and soon has her friends spreading the message by posters, graffiti and other ways. But Tracy\'s parents and psychiatrists think the young girl is just crazy. God is the only one that can straighten out the situation.'] ['Burns plays the dual roles of both God and the Devil. The Devil — Harry O. Tophet — is a lively character, taking pleasure in petty acts of PG-rated malice . The story tells of a struggling rock singer/musician, Bobby Shelton , who cannot get a break. Bobby, desperate to support his wife and start a family, muses that he would sell his soul to the Devil to get ahead. The devil begins to appear to Bobby as a perspective agent called "\'Harry O. Tophet" and offers Shelton a deal &mdash; seven years of unprecedented fame and fortune &mdash; at a meeting with a prominent record label. Shelton balks at the deal and so Tophet renegotiates claiming that it will be for a "trial period." Shelton signs the document, but his signature transforms into that of Billy Wayne, the last person to whom Tophet offered this deal and soon after Bobby realizes he has sold his soul to the devil. Shelton discovers that, though he now has the fame he wanted, he has lost his identity — he is now Billy Wayne. As such, his family is now someone else\'s — the former Billy Wayne, whose life Tophet now controls. He also discovers that his wife is pregnant with his child. Realizing that he is trapped, Bobby Shelton asks for help from God, who has been watching over him. God appears and offers to help. During a climactic poker game between God and the Devil over Bobby\'s soul, God raises the stakes. He claims he will stop protecting all those on "his list" in exchange for Bobby\'s soul . If God wins, the Devil would be prevented from meddling with any of those on the list, even if they beg for his assistance. Considering the loss too high, Tophet folds, and finds that God had been bluffing and that part of the reason he had intervened for Bobby was because The Devil had become too arrogant. Bobby rises from the floor of the dressing room, leaving behind the corpse of Billy Wayne who had committed suicide. In the end, God meets with Bobby and tells him about how his father once prayed for him when he was a sick child, and that since then, God has had an eye on him. After warning Bobby that next time, he will not bail him out, Shelton returns to happiness in a simple life with his loving wife and daughter. Years later, his daughter becomes ill and he says the same prayer that his father did. The movie ends with Bobby, God, and the spirit of Bobby\'s father singing to his daughter.'] ["Advocate Steve Myers is a disillusioned lawyer who becomes fed-up with the perceived corruption within the judicial system. He quits the law business and buys a small fishing boat and takes up fishing for a living. His fishing boat is struck by lightning and explodes into pieces, burns and sinks. He informs his insurance company, which reviews and then subsequently declines his claim on the grounds that it is not liable as his fishing boat was destroyed due to an 'Act of God'. Frustrated that his claim is repeatedly declined, Steve files a claim against God, naming church officials as representatives of God, and thereby the respondents. The church leaders, their respective lawyers, as well as their insurance company get together to find a way to settle this dilemma, which does catch the fancy of the media. It is in Court that God's representatives will have to admit that the destruction of Steve's fishing boat was actually God's Act, accept it, and compensate him, or deny it altogether, and thereby deny God's existence, and leave the onus on Steve to prove his claim."] ['In Heaven , angels are tasked with ensuring that humans on Earth find love. The "Captain", Gabriel , is upset at reviewing the file of angel partners O\'Reilly  and Jackson , all of whose recent cases have ended in divorce or misery. Gabriel is being pressed for results, so he introduces a radical new incentive: if their latest case isn\'t "cracked" - meaning, if the pair in question do not fall, and stay, in love, O\'Reilly and Jackson must stay on Earth forever, not appealing to them. They open their case file, and see what is in store for them... Celine Naville  is the spoiled twenty-something daughter of a wealthy businessman. When one of her suitors, a loathsome dentist named Elliott , proposes marriage to her, she offers to say yes, but only if he agrees to play "William Tell" with an apple on his head. As she takes aim with a pistol, Elliot\'s nerves fail and he moves to stop her, spoiling her aim and causing a non-fatal head wound. Robert Lewis  is a janitor employed in the basement of Celine\'s father\'s company. His dreams for writing a best-selling trash novel are shot down by his coworkers, he is told that he is being made redundant and replaced by a robot, by his manager. Whilst drowning his sorrows at a local bar, his girlfriend, Lily  tells him she is leaving him for an aerobics instructor. O\'Reilly and Jackson start their process by posing as collection agents repossessing all of Robert\'s things and evicting him from his apartment. Deciding this is the last straw, Robert storms to the high-rise office of Mr. Naville  while Naville is berating Celine for the William Tell fiasco. Security guards run in and start to beat Robert to a pulp, but Robert grabs one of their guns and holds them at bay . When Celine introduces herself, Robert decides to kidnap her. He drives her to a remote cabin in the California woods. Soon, it becomes clear that Celine is the one in control: after easily slipping free after he has tied her up, she surprises him by sticking around. Robert comes to realize that she is so bored with her normal life, and hates her father so much, that she is staying with the adventure, and the chance to get back at Naville. Eventually, she proposes that they partner up to extort a huge ransom. O\'Reilly and Jackson, now posing as bounty hunters, hire themselves to Naville to retrieve Celine and kill Robert. After Robert\'s first attempt to collect the ransom fails , he feels downcast, but Celine encourages him that he got away. Feeling cheered up, he takes her out to a rustic bar, where they pretend to be newlyweds, and sing "Beyond the Sea" on the karaoke machine. The next morning, Robert wakes up and is stunned to see that he and Celine have apparently slept together. Robert makes a second demand for the ransom, with a letter written in Celine\'s blood. Naville gives O\'Reilly and Jackson the money, and they go to meet Robert in the forest. To their disappointment, Robert appears willing to let Celine go in exchange for the money before O\'Reilly stops his getaway. Aside, Jackson confesses his fears that the two are not in love yet. O\'Reilly responds, "Jeopardy, Jackson. Always works." While O\'Reilly and Celine wait by their car, Jackson takes Robert into the woods to execute him. Before he can, Celine decks O\'Reilly, runs into the woods, and knocks Jackson out with a shovel. As Robert and Celine drive away, O\'Reilly grabs the towbar and rides along. As she points her gun, Robert and Celine jump from the car, and it careens off a cliff, with the money still inside. Since they are short of money, Celine decides to rob a bank with Jackson\'s pistol. The robbery goes smoothly, until a security guard shoots at Celine. Robert pushes her out of the way, taking a bullet in the thigh. Celine hurriedly drives him back to the city, to be operated on by Elliot . A little later, when Robert regains consciousness, he is appalled to see Celine playing a sleazy sexual roleplaying game with Elliott. A fight breaks out, and Robert knocks Elliott unconscious. As they drive away, Celine explains that she only agreed to Elliott\'s request so he would help Robert - and, in any case, it\'s none of Robert\'s business, since he and Celine aren\'t "involved," whatever he might think. Hurt, Robert gets out of the car and walks away. To get them back together, Jackson writes a love poem in Robert\'s handwriting and sends it to Celine. Overcome, she runs back to the bar, where Robert has started working as a janitor, and says he has won her heart with the poem. O\'Reilly and Jackson, listening, dance for joy... until Robert says that he\'s never written a poem in his life. Humiliated, Celine runs out again. But after she\'s gone, Robert\'s boss, Al , knocks some sense into him: Robert has nothing in his life except the improbable love of "an intelligent, passionate, beautiful, rich woman... so why are you even thinking about it?" Robert runs after Celine, but is too late: O\'Reilly and Jackson, believing they have failed, decide to make their Earth-bound lives bearable by kidnapping Celine for ransom. Robert tracks Celine to their hideout, where she\'s being held, blind folded and gagged. Robert knocks O\'Reilly down with a punch. As he struggles with Jackson, he tells Celine that he truly does love her. Just as O\'Reilly and Jackson are about to give her up and celebrate their success, the door is kicked down by Naville\'s butler, Mayhew , who shoots the two angels in the head . Leaving Celine locked in the trunk, Naville and Mayhew drove Robert and the two angels\' bodies to the cabin, planning to fake a murder-suicide. In Heaven, Gabriel\'s secretary begs him to intervene, but he protests that he doesn\'t have the authority. Instead, he telephones God and asks Him to do so. God agrees, and Celine is released from the truck by their neighbor, Tod . Taking Tod\'s gun, she runs to the cabin and confronts her father, while Mayhew holds Robert at gunpoint. Throughout the film, Robert has had recurring dreams of having his life saved by being shot through the heart by an "arrow of love." Taking a leap of faith, Celine shoots Robert through the heart, and the bullet passes through without harming him, to hit Mayhew in the shoulder, crippling him. Seeing Robert survive an apparent gunshot wound to the heart drives Naville insane. After a whispered conference in Al\'s bar, Robert and Celine walk outside to their wedding. In an epilogue, Gabriel frees O\'Reilly and Jackson from a pair of body bags. After Gabriel congratulates them on a successful case, the two angels embrace as they prepare to return home. In a second epilogue , Robert and Celine retrieve the suitcase full of money from the crashed car in the woods, then settle down in their new castle in Scotland.'] ['Athanael , the third trumpet player in the orchestra of a late night radio show sponsored by Paradise Coffee , falls asleep listening to the announcer, who is doing his best to prove it is "the coffee that makes you sleep." Athanael dreams he is an angel  and a trumpeter in the orchestra of Heaven. Due to the praise of his girlfriend Elizabeth , the assistant of the deputy chief of the department of small planet management , he is given the mission of destroying planet 339001  and its troublesome inhabitants by blowing the "Last Trumpet" at exactly midnight, signaling the end of the world. When he is deposited at the Hotel Universe via the building\'s elevator, he accidentally foils a robbery attempt by suave guest Archie Dexter  and his girlfriend accomplice, Fran Blackstone . Dexter blames Fran and breaks off their relationship. When Athanael prevents her attempt at suicide from the hotel\'s roof, he misses the deadline. Fortunately, Elizabeth persuades her boss to give him a second chance. She travels to Earth to inform him. Complications arise when two fallen angels named Osidro  and Doremus ([[John Alexander , also guests at the hotel, recognize Athanael and learn of his assignment. They want to continue their pleasantly hedonistic life. While Athanael encounters trouble holding onto his trumpet by his inexperience with Earthly life, Osidro and Doremus hire Dexter to steal the instrument. Learning that Fran was rescued by Athanael, Dexter reconciles with her. Then, while she distracts the angel, Dexter\'s henchman Humphrey , steals the trumpet. Athanael, Elizabeth and her boss track the thieves to the roof. During a struggle, Athanael falls off the building, only to wake up from his dream.'] ['Boxer and amateur pilot Joe Pendleton ([[Robert Montgomery  flies his small plane to his next fight in New York City, but crashes when a control cable severs. His soul is "rescued" by 7013, an officious angel , who assumed that Joe could not have survived. Joe\'s manager, Max Corkle , has his body cremated. In the afterlife, the records show his death was a mistake; he was supposed to live for 50 more years. The angel\'s superior, Mr. Jordan , confirms this, but since there is no more body, Joe will have to take over a newly dead corpse. Mr. Jordan explains that a body is just something that is worn, like an overcoat; inside, Joe will still be himself. Joe insists that it be someone in good physical shape, because he wants to continue his boxing career. Joe keeps saying the body they find "Has to be in the pink", a color that Mr. Jordan finds annoying. Another annoying fact is that Joe has somehow managed to bring his saxophone with him to heaven; it\'s his good luck charm, on which he plays "The Last Rose of Summer" very badly. After Joe turns down several unsuitable "candidates", Mr. Jordan takes him to see the body of a crooked, extremely wealthy banker-investor named Bruce Farnsworth. Farnsworth\'s wife Julia  and his secretary, Tony Abbott ([[John Emery  have just drugged and drowned him in a bathtub. Joe is reluctant to take over a life so unlike his previous one, but when he sees the murderous pair mockingly berating Miss Logan , the daughter of a financier who was sold worthless bonds by Farnsworth\'s bank, he changes his mind and agrees to be inserted into Farnsworth\'s body. The audience continues to see Montgomery as Pendleton, but everyone in the film, including his wife and secretary , see and hear Farnsworth. As Farnsworth, Joe reforms. He repays all the investors, including Miss Logan\'s father. He sends for Corkle and convinces him that he is Joe . With Farnsworth\'s money to smooth the way, Corkle trains him and arranges a bout with the current heavyweight champion, but Mr. Jordan returns to warn Joe that, while he is destined to be the new champion, it cannot happen that way. Joe has just enough time to warn Miss Logan, with whom he\'s fallen in love, to look for him in another body, most likely a boxer, before he is shot by his secretary. The body is concealed and Joe returns to a ghostly existence. Accompanied by Mr. Jordan, Joe finds that his replacement in the prizefight with the champ is a clean-cut, honest fighter named Murdoch, whom Joe knows and respects. Finding that he has forgotten his lucky saxophone, Joe runs back to the Farnsworth mansion to find that everyone believes Farnsworth has "disappeared." Corkle has hired a private investigator to find him. The usually down-to-earth Corkle openly explains about Joe, Mr. Jordan and the body-switching, sounding like a Spiritualist . Joe manages to mentally nudge Corkle to turn on the radio to the prizefight, and hears that Murdoch has collapsed without even being touched. Mr. Jordan reveals that the boxer was shot by gamblers because he refused to throw the fight. Joe takes over Murdoch\'s body and wins the fight. Back at the mansion, Corkle hears one of the radio announcers mention a saxophone hanging by the ringside and realizes Joe has assumed Murdoch\'s body. Corkle races down to the dressing room. There, Joe passes along information from Mr. Jordan that Farnsworth\'s body is in a refrigerator in the basement of the mansion. Corkle tells the detective , who promptly has Mrs. Farnsworth and the secretary arrested. As Murdoch, Joe fires his old, crooked manager and hires Corkle. Mr. Jordan reveals to Joe that this is his destiny; he can be Murdoch and live his life. Healing the gunshot wound and at the same time removing Joe\'s memory of his past life, Mr. Jordan hangs around for a bit longer until Miss Logan arrives. She wanted to see Corkle, but runs into Murdoch instead. The pair feel they have met before. The two go off together, while Mr. Jordan smiles over another job well done and says "So Long, Champ".'] 