["Mobster Tony Thick  is expecting $5 million in cash to be delivered by Lenny Long  from Los Angeles. Lenny is a mule for the mob and he's gone missing with the cash - is he dead? No one knows. When Lenny is a no show, Thick sends Shady  to L.A. to look for the missing cash. Shady has no idea of the crazies he's going to run into. Shady meets Lenny's baby-desperate wife Sally , his ditsy mistress Eve , his muscle-headed brother Louis , his quirky neurosurgeon Dr. Hooker ([[John Heard  and a crew of other nut jobs all looking for the missing cash. When Lenny finally shows up in a San Bernardino Hospital in an on-again/off-again coma everything is turned upside down and everyone is on the chase for their share of the cash."] ['In 1898, two men are released from the Arizona Territorial Prison. One, mining engineer and geologist Peter Van Hoek , the "Dutchman", tells the warden he was framed for the robbery of a gold shipment from the Lisbon Mine. The other, John McBain , killed Bascomb, the man who had cheated him out of his land. The two men head separately to the town of Prescott, where neither is welcome. The marshal, whom Van Hoek accuses of framing him, orders him to leave town on the next stagecoach, at sundown the next day. When the Dutchman gets a room at the hotel, he meets fellow guest Ada Winton, the lonely mistress of Cyril Lounsberry . Meanwhile, McBain rescues Mexican Anita  when she is accosted on the street by some men. Though Leslie (Adam Williams, the deputy, saves McBain\'s life in the ensuing fight, he gives McBain the same deadline to leave, even though McBain\'s folks settled the township. A grateful Anita invites McBain to stay in her place, and the two are attracted to each other. The Dutchman gets Sample  to introduce him to Lounsberry. Lounsberry had married Bascomb\'s homely sister for her money. Van Hoek offers to sell him gold ore from an extremely rich deposit that only he knows about. It is worth at least $200,000, but Van Hoek will be satisfied with half that amount in cash. He lies when Lounsberry jokingly asks if it is from his wife\'s Lisbon Mine. The prospect of being a rich man in his own right and leaving for Europe with Ada makes Lounsberry agree. Van Hoek recruits a reluctant McBain and demolition expert Vincente  for his scheme. They time it so the explosion needed to extract the ore goes off as the same time as the regular blasting. They get the ore out, but when Van Hoek and McBain take it to Lounsberry, he tries to double cross them. Leslie is killed and McBain injured in the ensuing gunfight. Van Hoek takes McBain to Anita\'s place and digs out the bullet, then leaves in a wagon with the gold. However, Lounsberry, Sample and their men soon corner him in town during a fiesta. McBain goes to the Dutchman\'s aid. Then Anita has her many Mexican friends surround and disarm the villains. Van Hoek entrusts McBain and Anita with the gold, telling them he will meet them later in Durango to split it up equally. Then, keeping his word, he leaves on the stagecoach with fellow passenger Ada.'] ['The story opens in Los Angeles with Dillon  who receives a phone call from Ray Burns  who has just been shot and desperately needs help. Dillon is a cleaner for a gangster named Eddie  and has been sent to assist Ray should he require it. After a colorful opening title sequence which follows Dillon\'s drive to the house, he finds Ray almost bleeding to death on a sofa. Removing all of the evidence, Dillon leaves carrying Ray to his car but not before he torches the house, destroying any evidence of Ray\'s presence. As Dillon and Ray drive away, Dillon struggles to keep Ray conscious and relates to him a story of a humorous encounter with a Mexican auto mechanic, which coins one of the catchphrases of the film: "I\'m not gonna taco". The story then flashes back to eight years earlier and introduces Riley  as he admires some artwork in a London gallery. He receives a call on his cell phone from the crooked Detective Brice , who informs Riley that there is a shipment of heroin coming in, and that he wants Riley to get a team together and steal it for him. Riley agrees to the job and tells Brice that he has just the man to do it, a petty thief named Ray Burns. Riley gives a menacing stare to the gallery attendant  in one of the films funnier moments before leaving to meet with Ray. After they discuss the details of the job at hand, Ray agrees to do the job and meets up with his team, which consists of Nathan ([[Sean Power  and Terry Rawlings  son of infamous moblord Jack Rawlings  and Terry\'s girlfriend, Cindy . Together they begin plotting the heist: Nathan will go up to the roof and act as lookout while Ray and Terry break into the warehouse to steal the heroin. Unfortunately, during the heist, Nathan loses his footing and tumbles to his death, falling through a skylight and triggering an alarm, alerting the guards. Ray and Terry manage to escape with the drugs, but lose contact with each other. Shortly thereafter, Brice calls Riley to inform him that the heist went terribly wrong, and that Nathan is dead. To cover his own tracks, he tells Riley to find a scapegoat, and Riley immediately names Ray. Meanwhile Ray, who has gone into hiding, tries to call Terry but doesn\'t get an answer. He turns to Riley to find out what happened. Riley tells Ray that Nathan is dead and that Scotland Yard is looking for him, omitting the fact that Terry has handed over the drugs and that Brice is behind the whole heist. Ray decides he needs to disappear for a while and attempts to go underground, but before he can do so the police pick him up on an anonymous tip from Brice. Ray is convicted for the robbery and the manslaughter of Nathan, and is subsequently sentenced to eight years in prison. Ray serves his time, but has no contact with the outside world, denying even his closest lover and girlfriend Maggie  a visit. He also learns by reading the paper that Terry has died of a drug overdose. Saddened by the news, Ray vows to get revenge on Brice and Riley as soon as he is free. While Ray is serving time, Riley and Brice continue their crooked ways, and Brice informs Riley that he has an incriminating video tape of London Charlie ([[Steve Jones  that could be worth some cash. He dispatches Riley to Los Angeles to blackmail London Charlie. Riley arrives in Los Angeles along with his girlfriend Samantha Fay  in order to pick up the cash from Brice. Meanhwile Ray is released from prison and contacted by London Charlie, who realizes that the only way he can escape his dilemma is to have Riley terminated. He knows Ray is out to avenge his time in prison and so pays him $100,000 to come to Los Angeles. Brice, aware of Ray\'s release and suspicious that he may be up to something, instructs an underling, Danny,  to keep an eye on him and find out what he can about his plans. Danny confronts Ray in a busy London street and brings the situation to a head when he makes a comment about Ray\'s former girlfriend Maggie, whom Ray has not seen since he went to prison. Ray angrily headbutts Danny, telling him to leave him alone. Danny reports this back to Brice, who still believes Ray is up to something. Ray is soon contacted by Jack Rawlings, Terry\'s father, who beckons him to come and visit. The two have a long talk about Terry and Ray tells Jack how sorry he is for Terry\'s death. Jack feigns compassion and tells Ray that he wants him to go after the guy who set them up, namely Riley, and gives him a contact in Los Angeles, Eddie, who can help him with the job. Ray is to pick up $100,000 at Jack\'s club from Big Frankie  and then get on a plane to Los Angeles to hunt Riley down. Upon arrival, Ray immediately goes to London Charlie\'s house  to meet with him. Ray is told that there is $100,000 in a bag that he is to take to Riley and use to recover the tape. Once he has the tape, Ray is to kill Riley and bring the tape back to London Charlie. Ray leaves and begins to cover his tracks by checking into two separate motels. He then makes a call to Eddie to pick up a car for use in Los Angeles. That night he picks up the car and meets Eddie, who is waiting for him in the back seat. Eddie tells him there is a pistol in the glove box and that he doesn\'t want to get involved in any of the nasty business. Ray acknowledges the request and takes off into the night. The next day, Riley is waiting to meet with London Charlie. He is surprised by Ray, who shows up at his door carrying a bag of cash. Ray has hidden the pistol outside of the apartment and so is clean when he is frisked by Riley. The two have a heated discussion about what happened eight years ago and Riley makes light of Terry\'s death, much to Ray\'s chagrin. Ray gives the bag of cash to Riley, who angrily informs him that the amount is only half of what he and London Charlie had agreed to, and ordering him to get him the rest if he wants the tape. Ray exits the apartment, retrieves his pistol, then goes back inside and demands the tape from Riley at gunpoint. Riley refuses, and Ray shoots him once in the chest, then once in the back of the head, killing him. Ray searches the apartment for the tape, but only finds a key to a room at a nearby hotel. Ray returns to his first hotel to wash Riley\'s blood off of himself before he goes to check out the other hotel. Meanwhile, police are investigating the shooting death at Riley\'s apartment. Detective Allen  arrives on the crime scene and discovers that there is a link to a nearby hotel—the same hotel Ray is also heading to. Detective Bartow  and Officer Chris Anders  are dispatched to investigate. At the hotel they find Samantha Fay, who is startled by their appearance. When the officers inform her that there has been an incident and they need to take her to the station to answer some questions, she reluctantly agrees. Officer Anders escorts her out, leaving Detective Bartow to search the room. Ray arrives as they are leaving, running into Bartow as he attempts to enter the room. Ray attempts to keep his cool, especially when Bartow tells him he is a police officer. He questions Ray as to how he knew Riley, and Ray innocently says they recently met and that they had arranged to grab a drink. Bartow is suspicious and asks Ray if he would have any objections to coming down to the station for some questioning. Ray has no choice but to agree, and they leave together. At the station, Ray and Samantha are questioned for hours and hours by Detective Allen and Detective Drummond . The situation is tense, and they both have a tough time keeping calm. Eventually they are both let go, but not before Samantha is told that Riley is dead. Both leave the station within a couple of hours of each other and head in different directions, Ray to pick up his things at the second motel, and Samantha to pick up the tape and a gun which Riley had left in a safety deposit box earlier that day. Samantha then heads to London Charlie\'s house to square things away with him and avenge Riley\'s death. She shoots London Charlie dead in his pool just as Ray arrives to say goodbye. Ray and Samantha have a Mexican stand-off. The now-useless tape is thrown into the pool, and Samantha slowly backs out of the house, leaving Ray to sort out the mess. As Ray sits to contemplate his next move, he doesn\'t notice Samantha sneaking back inside, who shoots Ray in the back. Samantha leaves and Ray is left in a pool of blood, but still alive. The scene from the film\'s opening replays as Ray picks up the phone to call Eddie and reaches Dillon, who comes to clean up his mess. Dillon finally gets Ray to a secure location, and Ray pays him off so that he can return to London, where he recuperates for several days in the care of Maggie. Ray thinks quickly about what he should do when he receives a phone call from Eddie, telling him that Jack Rawlings wants to see him on the rooftop of a car-park in Chinatown later that evening. After Eddie hangs up, he anonymously calls Brice and tells him about the meeting. Brice is confused, but eager to settle the score with Ray. He calls Danny to tell him that he should follow Ray to the meeting and kill him. While Danny circles the streets of London in an attempt to find Ray, he stumbles on Maggie and follows her back to her flat. Ray, meanwhile, is visiting with Cindy, whom he had rescued from the streets prior to his departure to Los Angeles and had given shelter to while she attempted to recover from her drug habit. Danny forces his way into Maggie\'s apartment and, after roughing her up, takes Ray\'s remaining money and returns to his place. When Ray returns, he grabs Maggie and they head over to Danny\'s flat. Ray breaks in and finds Nikki  clutching the bag of money and Danny jamming on drugs. Ray also hears a recording on Danny\'s answering machine of Brice telling Danny to kill him. Ray kills Danny, then takes the tapes from the answering machine and the bag of money. He and Maggie then leave to head to the rendezvous in Chinatown. Brice arrives at Danny\'s place a little later after Nikki has called the police, and finds Danny dead. Brice also notices that the tapes from the machine are missing and now has no choice but to show up on the car park rooftop for the inevitable showdown.'] ['Working the night shift as a toll collector on a lonely stretch of highway in Buffalo, New York, Henry is a man seemingly without ambition, dreams or purpose; a man sleepwalking his way through life. When two friends get out of his car, supposedly to get some money at an ATM, they instead rob the Buffalo Savings Bank, and Henry is arrested for supposedly being an accomplice. Rather than give up the names of the real culprits, Henry takes the fall and goes to jail. There, he meets the irrepressible Max, a con man who has grown far too comfortable with the familiarity and security of his ‘idyllic’ life behind bars, but one who also helps plant an idea in Henry’s mind which will change his life forever: for a man to find his purpose, he must first have a dream. Upon his release one year later, Henry finds his purpose. Having done the time, he decides he may as well do the crime. Discovering a long forgotten bootlegger’s tunnel which runs from the very same bank to a theater across the alleyway, he convinces the reluctant Max to file for his long overdue parole — and then recruits his former cellmate to help stage a robbery. Henry becomes actor in the theater\'s current production of "The Cherry Orchard" by Chekhov, to get access to the tunnel. However, he finds himself slowly falling for the production’s mercurial leading lady, Julie.http://collider.com/henrys-crime-trailer/80892/ One of Henry\'s "friends" helps clearing the tunnel from mud; he informs the other "friend", who insists in participating too. A retiring guard of the bank helps by informing the robbers when there is a lot of money in the vault. During the robbery the second "friend" uses a gun to try to take all the money himself, but he is overpowered and left behind in the vault. When the others drive off, Henry demands to stop the car, and he returns to Julie.'] ['{{Cleanup-rewrite}} Hard Cash follows master thief Taylor , when he is released on parole. When working as a Paramedic, Taylor is called to an emergency at a betting office, when two armed robbers make their stand. As one gets shot, Taylor helps the female thief in need as they escape with the money. With the money hidden in the stretcher, an FBI agent  following and the marked money, how will they escape with the cash?'] ["Johnny Clay  is a veteran criminal planning one last heist before settling down and marrying Fay . He plans to rob two million dollars from the money-counting room of a racetrack during a featured race. He assembles a team consisting of a corrupt cop , a betting window teller  to give access to the backroom, a sharpshooter  to shoot the favorite horse during the race to distract the crowd, a wrestler  to provide another distraction by provoking a fight at the track bar, and a track bartender . George Peatty, the teller, tells his wife Sherry  about the impending robbery. Sherry is bitter at George for not delivering on the promises of wealth he made her at the time of their marriage, and George hopes that telling her about the robbery will placate and impress her. Sherry does not believe him at first but, after learning that the robbery is real, she enlists her lover Val Cannon  to steal the money from George and his associates. The heist is successful, although the sharpshooter is shot and killed by the police. The conspirators gather at the apartment where they are to meet Johnny and divide the money. Before Johnny arrives, Val appears and holds them up. A shootout ensues and a badly wounded George is the sole survivor. He goes home and shoots Sherry before dying. Johnny, on his way to the apartment, sees George staggering in the street and knows that something is wrong. He buys the biggest suitcase he can find to put the money in , and he and Fay go to the airport. At the airport however, they are told that they aren't allowed to take the suitcase along as hand luggage because of its size, and instead have to check it in as regular luggage. Johnny reluctantly complies. While waiting to board their plane, they watch as the suitcase falls off a cart, breaks open and the loose banknotes are swept away by the wind. They leave the airport but are unsuccessful at finding a cab. Fay urges Johnny to flee but he refuses, stating that there is no use trying to escape. The film ends with two officers coming to arrest him."] ['The story is narrated by Lisa Janusch , the bitter and jealous head cheerleader of Lincoln High School\'s B-squad. Diane Weston , the popular head cheerleader of Lincoln High School\'s A-squad, becomes pregnant by the star football quarterback Jack Bartlett . The two move out of their parents\' homes to find an apartment of their own. Jack initially has problems staying in a job, due to his tactless personality, but finally gets hired at a video rental store. In spite of their problems coming up with the rent money, Jack and Diane try as hard as they can to survive while going to school at the same time. Lisa, Diane\'s bitter rival, occasionally runs into Jack at the rental store. She is interested in winning Jack\'s heart, but fails to get his attention. After struggling with the rent and antcipating the financial hardship of supporting a family, Diane and her four cheerleader squadmates, Kansas , Cleo , Lucy , and Hannah , plan the perfect bank robbery. They promise each other not to tell Jack about their plan, because of his inability to lie to others. The squad watches heist films to learn how to rob banks, and Kansas visits her mother at the women\'s penitentiary, for tips on where to find weaponry. Following the women\'s advice, Diane and her friends visit a bug exterminator, "The Terminator" , who sells illegal arms and ammo. He refuses to sell them the guns unless they accept his daughter, Fern , on the squad. The squad agrees to do so and they begin rehearsing the robbery, as well as their choreography for the winter ball. During winter break, they order masks to hide their identities. Lucy backs out of the heist because she receives a scholarship to Harvard. At Christmas, Diane receives an engagement ring from Jack. She then finds out he sold his GTO in order to buy her the ring. The squad is forced to buy a new get-away vehicle, which turns out to be an old van with bad brakes. At their first robbery at a supermarket, Lucy returns to the group having decided to help them after all. Lisa happens to be in the store at the time of the robbery, and notices that they perform cheerleader stunts in order to cover up the security cameras. The squad robs the bank and come close to shooting a customer after one of the guns discharges. They make off with armloads of cash and celebrate their success after burning their Betty costumes. The robbery is reported on TV. Neither Diane nor her friends expect Lisa to suspect them until they are confronted by her and the B-squad in the high school cafeteria, followed by the FBI. Diane and her friends are jailed and need an alibi, so Diane promises to promote Lisa to captain of the A-squad in order to keep Lisa silent, since she is approaching her third trimester and can\'t do rigorous activity. The group is outraged, but come to appreciate this decision. In order to cover up her actions, Diane tells Jack she won the lottery and after they have their children, Jack wins his senatorial campaign, and Diane\'s squad lead successful lives after high school.'] ["During a weekend side-trip to Reno, Nevada, college friends Brick , Al , Ronnie  and Roy , visit the famous casino Harold's Club. After an hour spent gambling and socializing, the group prepares to leave. Ronnie, however, has lost money playing roulette, and must cash in a check at the cashier's window. He is accompanied there by Roy but, unbeknownst to either of them, the cashier is being threatened by a man with a gun. Using a concealed security alarm, the cashier alerts casino officials who then converge on the window believing that Roy and Ronnie are also involved in the gunman's attempted robbery. All three are apprehended. Outside the casino moments later, Al persuades the police to release Roy and Ronnie, but the inquisitive Ronnie has already become obsessed with the concept of a spectacular casino robbery, and he abruptly begins forming his own plans to rob Harold's Club after he overhears a bystander lament, “There's no way it  can be done.” Once back at college, the incident is seemingly forgotten, though Ronnie immediately begins developing his plans in earnest whilst the others are preoccupied by the beginning of the new term. Al is also preoccupied by his desire to reestablish his relationship with his girlfriend, Kaye , who has recently become a singer at a local nightclub. Determined to see her perform, Al takes Brick, Roy and Ronnie to see one of Kaye's first shows. After the performance, Brick, a Korean War veteran, is provoked into fighting a fellow student over a former girlfriend and, afterward, he suffers from the effects of a dissociative psychotic episode due to an ongoing battle with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder . Later in the night, Al encourages a distraught Brick to return to a veteran’s hospital for treatment, but he refuses. Together, the two agree to move on.  Some time later, Ronnie finalizes an actual plan to rob Harold’s Club. Claiming that the robbery would be an adventurous “first” [experience] in their otherwise ordinary lives, Ronnie reveals the plan to Brick and Roy. Ronnie then maintains that if the robbery were a success, all the stolen money would be returned, thereby ensuring that no one involved would be guilty of a prosecutable crime. Though initially skeptical, Brick and Roy gradually abandon their misgivings. The wealthy Ronnie then uses his personal inheritance funds to purchase an untraceable trailer and car and fabricate a wooden cart that is identical to the cash carts used at Harold's — the most important component of the heist. Though his preparations are complete, Ronnie determines that the robbery can only go ahead if Al is present for it, since he maintains that at least four people will be needed for the dangerously complex operation. But Brick, Roy and Ronnie agree that Al will not go along with the robbery if he is made aware of it beforehand. Coincidentally, the day before the robbery, Al proposes to Kaye, and they decide to go to Reno with the others to celebrate their engagement. On the way to Reno, Al recognizes the cart's design while riding in the trailer and inadvertently triggers play of a sinister audio recording somehow connected to a button on the cart's handle and played through a small reel-to-reel recorder hidden inside the cart itself. The message reveals Ronnie's robbery plans to Kaye and Al. Shocked, they refuse to participate. Brick then intervenes. Pulling a hidden revolver from his baggage, Brick seizes control of the robbery. Fearing a life of destitution and confinement, the increasingly volatile and disturbed Brick explains that the robbery will go ahead as intended, despite Al and Kaye’s objections, but with one significant exception: the money will not be returned to the casino. Additionally, Brick promises to kill Al if anyone attempts to sabotage the plan. Once they arrive at the casino, the robbery is carried out efficiently as Reno’s casino district is filled with costumed partiers celebrating a distracting cowboy-themed fête, and in the chaotic festivities the disguised Brick, Ronnie and Al blend into the crowd, going completely unnoticed by casino security while convincing a cart operator  to retrieve cash from the casino's money room through a clever ploy — using the prerecorded message on the tape recorder inside the counterfeit cart to frighten the man into playing along. After the final moments of the robbery, Brick leaves the others behind and escapes with the money but is pursued, by Al, into a casino parking structure. Kaye, having alerted police, follows them, and a tense standoff takes place. Ultimately, Al convinces Brick to give up peacefully and the gathered police officers escort Brick from the scene while promising to treat him fairly. No one else is arrested and, in the final shot, Al and Kaye embrace on a crowded street."] [' Four lifelong friends from the Boston neighborhood of Charlestown—Doug MacRay, James "Jem" Coughlin, Albert "Gloansy" Magloan, and Desmond "Dez" Elden —rob a bank. They take the manager, Claire Keesey, hostage but release her without harm. Doug follows Claire to prevent Jem from eliminating her as a witness, but a romance grows between them which he hides from the gang. As they grow closer, Doug tells Claire of his search for his long-lost mother, and how he imagined she went to live with his aunt in Florida. He also blew a chance to be a professional hockey player for a life of crime. She tells Doug about seeing a tattoo on one of the robbers, and he realizes she can identify Jem and send them all to jail. He knows that Jem will kill her if he realizes the truth, and he persuades her that the authorities cannot protect her either so she decides not to tell the police. But Doug is increasingly disenchanted with his criminal lifestyle and the lies he has to tell. FBI Special Agent Adam Frawley surveils the gang and recognizes their ties to local crime lord Fergus "Fergie" Colm, who has another robbery planned for them. During a visit to his father Stephen in prison, Doug reveals his plans to leave Charlestown and go to Florida. Stephen ends the visit by telling his son, "I\'ll see you again, this side or the other." The gang\'s next robbery in the North End of Boston goes awry, and the gang barely escapes. Frawley interrogates the gang, but fails to get any confessions and is forced to release them. Doug asks Claire if she will go away with him, and she agrees. Grasping at straws, Frawley wiretaps Claire\'s phone when he learns she quit her job and threatens to prosecute her as an accomplice after he realizes she is seeing Doug. Shocked to discover her lover was one of her assailants, she decides to help Frawley. Meanwhile Fergie and Jem are pressuring Doug about the next job, but Doug is determined to get out despite all his old loyalties. Fergie finally threatens to kill Claire, and reveals to Doug how he controlled his father by making his mother an addict, which led to her suicide. Doug gives in, but swears he will kill Fergie if anything happens to Claire. At Fenway Park, Doug and Jem enter disguised as Boston police officers, nab $3 million in cash, and prepare to escape in an ambulance disguised as paramedics. But Doug\'s ex-girlfriend, Krista , threatened by Frawley, reveals enough for the FBI to surround Fenway before the gang gets out. Caught in a firefight with S.W.A.T, Dez and Gloansy are killed, while Doug and Jem slip out in their police uniforms. Frawley spots Jem, and they exchange fire, but Jem is wounded and determined not to go back to prison , so he rushes the police and is gunned down. Doug sees it all but knows he cannot save Jem and walks away. Knowing he\'ll never escape as long as Fergie is alive, Doug kills Fergie and his bodyguard and calls Claire to ask her to come away with him to Florida. Watching from across the street, Doug sees the FBI is there as Claire tells him to come over, but eventually she gives him a cue to warn him away. Doug flees, donning an MBTA uniform and escaping from Boston by driving a bus. Later, Claire finds a bag buried by Doug in her community garden containing money, a tangerine and a note from him suggesting she can make better use of the money than he can, ending with, "I\'ll see you again, this side or the other." Claire donates the money, in memory of Doug\'s mother, to refurbish the local ice hockey arena that Doug once played in. And from the deck of a small house, Doug looks out over the water, alone, seemingly safe in Florida.'] ['At the start of the film Malcolm is working for the Metropolitan Transit Authority then operator of Melbourne\'s trams. Socially awkward and shy, Malcolm is obsessed with trams, but he is also a mechanical genius whose modest inner-city cottage is fitted with a variety of remarkable gadgets. When his boss  discovers that Malcolm has built himself a cut-down tram during work time and using work materials, and has taken it out on the tracks, Malcolm is sacked. With his mother dead and no other income, the local shop-owner advises him to takes in a boarder, Frank ([[John Hargreaves . Frank\'s brassy girlfriend Judith  soon moves in with him, and Frank reveals that he is a petty criminal who has recently been released from gaol. Despite their differences, the trio develop an awkward friendship, and when Malcolm learns of Frank and Jude\'s plans to stage a robbery, he decides to use his technical ingenuity to help them. In his first demonstration, he shows Frank the "getaway car" he has built, which splits into two independently-powered halves, and they use this to successfully elude police after Frank steals some cash from a bank customer. For his next demonstration, Malcolm stages a near-successful hold-up of a payroll delivery, using a radio-controlled model car and trailer, fitted with a video camera, a speaker, and a gun with which to threaten the guards . Frank walks in on Malcom\'s bedroom \'control centre\' while the robbery is in progress; joining in, he helps Malcolm to steal the cash, although it is eventually lost when the planned getaway route  proves too small and the bag of cash is knocked off the trailer. The trio then devises an audacious plot to steal the weekly $250,000 cash delivery from a major bank, and Malcolm collaborates with Frank and Jude to create a set of ingenious inventions. They plant a set of armed, remote-controlled motorised robot rubbish bins inside the bank, which are then secretly manoeuvered up to a overhead walkway between the two bank buildings. When the guards cross the walkway with the cash on a trolley, they are bailed up by the robot bins. With Frank\'s specially modified Ford Transit delivery van, stationed below, a spring-loaded arm fitted with a hammer swings up, breaks the glass of the walkway window, and the robots push the cash into a chute fitted into the roof of the van. The trio then make their escape, stopping in a lane to disguise the van as an ice-cream truck; they also set loose a Ned Kelly-like dummy in a radio-controlled wheelchair, armed with two shotguns, which they send out as a decoy for the police while they make their escape. They manage to elude the pursuing police, but they are nearly caught when two officers on a routine patrol pull up beside them and ask them for an ice-cream. Frank speeds away, with the police in hot pursuit, and they now employ their backup getaway plan. They dump the van in a suburban street and decamp on foot, but when the police arrive moments later and scan the area for the fugitives, they see only the back of a tram, pulling away into the distance. However, when we see the front of the tram, it is revealed to be Malcolm\'s custom-made mini-tram, with the trio and their loot aboard. In the final scene, we see Frank leaving a bank in Lisbon, Portugal  where he has just deposited the proceeds of the Melbourne robbery. He then meets up with Malcolm and Jude at a local cafe, and as the film concludes they lay plans for another daring robbery.'] ["Howard Tyler  is a family man, living in California, who can't seem to get by financially. He meets up with a small-time, but charismatic, hood Jerry Slocum . Soon, Slocum convinces Tyler into participating in gas station robberies to get by. Later, they kidnap a wealthy man in hopes of getting a huge ransom. Things go wrong when the man is murdered by Slocum then thrown in a lake. Tyler reaches his limit emotionally, and he begins drinking heavily. He meets a lonely woman and confesses the crime while drunk. The woman flees and goes to the police. When the two kidnappers are arrested, a local journalist  writes a series of hate-filled articles about the two prisoners which eventually lead to a brutal lynching."] ['Curt Taylor  is released from California State Prison and to settle a debt he becomes a secretary for Cartier Rand  so that he can steal her jewels. He falls in love with her, which complicates things.'] ['Kicked out of jail days before the guard/inmate ball hockey final, Ricky and Julian return to Sunnyvale trailer park with a plan for The Big Dirty, the largest heist of their long criminal history: a scheme to steal vast quantities of change – since it is untraceable. Meanwhile, Ricky is pondering taking his relationship with longtime girlfriend Lucy to the next level when he discovers that Lucy has some newly enhanced breasts and a job at the "gentleman’s club." Later, while visiting the club, Julian meets and falls for the beautiful featured dancer Wanda, and the boys have their first encounter with Sonny, the dangerous owner of the club. As the day of the Big Dirty approaches, the boys train less-than-able assistants Cory and Trevor. But before their plan can succeed, they must survive shootouts and face down drunken trailer park supervisor Mr. Lahey and his cheeseburger-loving assistant Randy in a deadly game of Sunnyvale Chicken.'] ['Tony "le Stéphanois" has served a five-year prison term for a jewel heist, and is now out on the street and down on his luck. His friend Jo approaches Tony about another jewel heist in which they and Mario would stealthily cut the glass on a Parisian jeweler\'s front window and grab some gems. Tony opts not to participate. Tony learns that his old girlfriend, Mado, has now aligned herself with Pierre Grutter. Finding Mado at Grutter\'s nightclub, he invites her back to his rundown flat. Mado has been well-kept, and Tony savagely beats her for being so deeply involved with Grutter. Tony changes his mind about the heist; he now accepts on the condition that they hit the jeweler\'s safe, not the window. Mario, an Italian, suggests they employ the services of his compatriot César, a safecracker. The four team up and plan a way to work around the ingenious alarm system guarding the jewelry shop. Casing the store, the group decides to drill through the ceiling from an upstairs flat which will be vacant on a Sunday night extending into Monday morning before the jeweler returns. The suspenseful break-in completed, the criminals seem to have triumphed. Without the others\' knowledge, César has pocketed a diamond ring as a gift for his mistress Viviane, a chanteuse at Grutter\'s club. The four men arrange to fence the loot with a London contact. Meanwhile, Grutter has seen Mado and her injuries; Mado breaks off their relationship. From this, Grutter infers that Tony is at the root of Mado\'s decision; he then gives drugs to his heroin-addicted brother and tells him to murder Tony. Grutter sees the diamond César gave to Viviane and realizes that César and Tony were responsible for the jewel theft. Grutter forces César to confess. Seeking revenge and money, Grutter\'s gang brutally murders Mario and his wife Ida. Tony retrieves Mario\'s share of the jewels and pays for a splendid funeral for him. Tony goes looking for Grutter and finds the captive César, who confesses to ratting him out to Grutter. With regret, Tony kills César. Meanwhile, Grutter\'s thugs have kidnapped Jo\'s five-year-old son Tonio, demanding that Tony give over the loot or young Tonio will be killed. The London fence arrives with the cash, which now seems pointless to Jo, who along with his wife, is tormented with worry for their son. Seeking the boy, Tony tracks him down at Grutter\'s country house and kills Grutter\'s brothers Rémi and Louis to save him. On the way back to Paris, Tony is told that Jo has cracked under the pressure and has taken the money to the house for Grutter. Grutter kills Jo, and then is killed by Tony, who is mortally wounded. Bleeding profusely, Tony drives maniacally back to Paris and delivers Tonio home safely. Tony dies in his car as police and bystanders close in on him and his remaining loot.'] ['Small-time Boston crook Tony Pino  tries to make a name for himself. He and his five associates attempt to pull off a large-scale robbery whenever they could. After Tony and his gang easily rob over $100,000 in cash from a Brinks Armored Car, Tony disguises himself as a sparkplug salesman and is able to get inside Brinks\' large and so-called "impregnable fortress" headquarters in the city\'s North End, a company renowned for unbreachable security as a private "bank" throughout the East Coast. Once inside, Tony realizes that Brinks is anything but a fortress and the employees treat the money "like garbage". Still wary of Brinks\' image, Tony breaks in one night after casing the building, to find that only two doors in the building are locked, and one is easily bypassed by leaping a gate. The only thing locked in the building is the vault. Also, Tony realizes that unlike what Brinks claims, there is only a 10-cent alarm in the vault room itself, and is almost impossible to set off. It appears that Brinks had relied so much on their reputation for strong security that they had not locked the doors. Pino then begins to plan out the robbery, using the rooftop of a neighboring building as a watch tower. After realizing that Brinks is his for the taking, Tony and his dim brother-in-law Vinnie  put together a motley gang of thieves to rob Brinks. They include the debonair Jazz Maffie  and the slightly deranged Iwo Jima veteran, Specs O\'Keefe , who proposes to blow open the Brink\'s safe with a bazooka. Over the crew\'s objections, Pino also invites the arrogant fence Joe McGinnis  to be in on the job. Together, the robbers, led by Pino, on the night of Jan. 17th, 1950, make off with more than a million dollars in cash, along with another million-plus in securities and checks. Brink\'s, a company that prides itself in the safekeeping of money, is nationally embarrassed by what the press is calling "the crime of the century." Even FBI director J. Edgar Hoover  takes a personal interest in finding the culprits, even so much as creating a makeshift FBI Office in Boston. Law enforcement agents begin rounding up suspects. They come to the home of Tony and Mary Pino, as they often do for crimes in the area. Mary is so familiar with them by now, she makes the cops dinner. Tony is brought in for questioning, but reacts with indignation at being accused. The crooks begin to crack, however. McGinnis infuriates them by destroying a large sum of the hold-up money, claiming the bills could be traced. He also hangs onto the rest, defying threats by Pino and his cohorts to hand over their shares. Specs and another of the gang, Stanley Gusciora, go on the road to meet his "sugar doughnut" in Pittsburgh, where they are picked up by Pennsylvania State Police on a burglary charge enroute at Bradford, Pennsylvania and are each handed a long jail sentence, Gusciora at the Western Penitentiary-Pittsburgh . Specs grows more and more disturbed behind bars, demanding that money from his cut be sent to his ill sister. In interrogation, Specs and Stanley are pressured more each day to reveal whatever they might know about the Brink\'s job. Specs ultimately confesses. One by one, the rest of the gang is apprehended, mainly by the Boston Police Department. Tony is on his way to jail in Boston and so is Vinnie, but they unexpectedly find themselves hailed as heroes by people on the street for having pulled off one of the great crimes of all time. One teen remarks to Pino, "You\'re the greatest thief who ever lived! Nobody will ever do what you did Tony!"'] ['Set in Hamburg, West Germany, several criminals take advantage of the German bank privacy laws to use safe deposit boxes in a German bank to store large amounts of illicit cash. These include a Las Vegas mobster as well as a ruthless drug smuggler known as the Candy Man and a crooked overbearing U.S. Army sergeant and his meek-mannered partner the Major, who conspire on a big heroin and LSD smuggling score. Joe Collins , an American bank security consultant, has been spying on them and makes mysterious and elaborate preparations to steal their money  with the help of Dawn Divine , a hooker with a heart of gold. Joe has Dawn phone in a bomb threat to the bank president, Mr. Kessel, to create a diversion. Joe locks himself inside the bank vault with a gold bar normally displayed in the lobby to supposedly save it. The bank is closed and evacuated while Joe uses duplicate keys to empty the criminals\' three safe deposit boxes into Dawn\'s large-size deposit box.  Despite the fact that Kessel insists on burning through the wall to rescue Joe instead of waiting for the time lock to open, Joe succeeds in the heist and is hailed as a hero for "preventing" the robbery of the gold bar. The next day, the three criminals, one by one, discover that their boxes are empty and they cannot complete their schemes or go to the police to report the thief. The Las Vegas mobster flees the country while the others  search Dawn Divine\'s apartment—as she was their common link—and find clues that connect her to Joe. Sarge calls Kessel to get Joe\'s home address, but Joe is quickly tipped off by Kessel and he hurriedly sends Dawn to the train station with a suitcase packed with her take—$765,000—promising to meet her later someplace out of the country. A long climatic chase begins as Dawn gives the Major the slip at the train station while the Candy Man and the Sarge chase Joe across a rail yard and through the Elbe Tunnel. Joe escapes on a car carrier truck, lugging his suitcase, but the Candy Man and the Sarge follow and catch up in the morning at a frozen lake in the countryside, where the Candy Man crashes a car through the ice and drowns. Joe escapes again by hopping a train, but during the night the Sarge catches up to him—only to find that Joe\'s suitcase contains nothing but a bottle of champagne and wads of newspaper. They conclude that Dawn double-crossed Joe by repacking the suitcases while he was getting the car, and the Sarge proposes a plan to Joe to go after Dawn together. But, upon drinking a swallow of the champagne, the Sarge instantly goes into violent convulsions and falls down dead. The bottle was one of three that the Candy Man had filled with a solution of concentrated LSD to sneak them through customs earlier in the film. An epilog shows Dawn in a sunny climate in the USA, joyfully driving a gleaming new yellow Corvette, and then later cuddling in bed with an unseen someone. The other suitcase is sitting near the bed, and Joe\'s bomber jacket hangs on the coat rack. Dawn smugly explains to Joe that she was certain the criminals wouldn\'t kill him and leave themselves with no way to get the money.'] ['The movie starts off with a voice over by Alec of events later in the movie, asking "Why do we make the decisions we make?" It then cuts to a year before, when the main characters are still at college in Eugene, Oregon. Alec\'s in the Administration and Records Office at his college where he argues with a clerk about a credit that is apparently missing from his transcript. Despite the fact that he is clearly one credit short of graduating, after four hours Alec convinces the college that he indeed has the credit and is set to graduate. The four of them have to move out of their apartment and proceed to work book buy back day, an event at college that lets students buy and sell used textbooks. The movie shows them repeatedly stealing some of the books and then selling them back to the book buyer in a smooth and elegant manner, as though they have done this many times. They also visit their favorite bar, Rennie\'s Landing, one last time. Casey asks Sam at one point why nothing has ever happened between the two of them, but she brushes him off and just tells him "don\'t." The movie then picks up a year after they have graduated from college. Alec, the main character, is working as the secretary for a producer who he hates. Sam is in a dead end relationship and working at a Mexican restaurant in Salt Lake City, Utah. Casey is working as a coach for a girl\'s soccer team. Trevor is trying to become an actor, and working as stage crew for movies. Sam tells her boyfriend that she got the social service job she always wanted, but her boyfriend isn\'t quite as thrilled. He has also spent most of their money without her knowing. Consequently, Casey was coming to visit as this happens and he and Sam leave to visit Alec and Trevor, who are now roommates. During the visit, Alec is diagnosed with a brain tumor, a fact that he conceals from his friends. Casey reconnects with a woman he used to date and who had had his baby without his support. Upon learning that the child died before his fifth birthday, Casey visits the child\'s grave and says that he\'s more responsible than he used to be, and he\'s ready to be a father now. The four friends visit a convenience store, which Alec attempts to rob on a whim. This alarms his friends, who demand some kind of explanation, which he fails to provide. He then takes a long walk and decides that they all must take control of their lives. His solution to their problems is obvious in his mind; he wants them to rob a bank. At first his friends are skeptical, but they\'re all gradually shown how meticulous Alec has been about details; he had the whole thing planned down to the minute, but stresses that any slip up will cost them time and potentially cause them to fail the mission. Slowly they all join the plan and go to rob the bank to help cope with the new problems in their lives. Sam wants to run away with Casey, who wants to help an immigrant woman and her daughter stay in the country, Trevor wants to go to Fiji, and Alec\'s plans aren\'t really clear. The gang then don their disguises and proceed to rob the bank. The robbery is successful in that they find a larger amount than expected, $5 million. They steal the cash and successfully get out of the bank, splitting up according to their plan, except Alec inadvertently knocks over a jar of pennies that he brought into the bank with him as a distraction for the bank manager and security guard. The jar shatters and its contents spill out all over the floor. Realizing he does not have time to recover the jar\'s contents, Alec leaves it behind. Casey and Sam meet up at a restaurant called The Outlaws, the agreed-upon meeting point. They are joined by Trevor, and the three wait nervously for Alec, who is late. A television news broadcast in the bar states that the police have recovered a very good lead. Stuffed among the jar of pennies that Alec unintentionally left behind at the bank was a Rennie\'s Landing badge that Trevor was playing with innocently earlier in the film. The badge has Trevor\'s full name on it. Using this lead, the police issue a broadcast alert for Trevor, who had just used his credit card at the restaurant to pay for their drinks. The bartender calls the police, who surround the bar. Casey is stopped leaving the bar. Sam goes to the ladies\' room. Trevor comes outside to join Casey and sees that he is surrounded. He reaches into his back pocket for his keys, but the police  fire on Trevor and Casey, instantly killing Trevor and mortally wounding Casey. Sam, hearing the commotion, exits the ladies\' room using a back window. As she inches around the bar, she sees Trevor dead and Casey laying on the ground. He looks up at her and realizes she can still escape. When the police ask a dying Casey if anyone else is still inside, he says no, then dies. Watching all of this from a distance is Alec, who was running late but had showed up at the meeting point to join his friends. As he watches Trevor and Casey lying dead or dying, all of a sudden Alec falls to the ground. From that point, the viewers see a montage of the events in the movie, some of which were previously shown out of order. The viewers ultimately realize that everything that transpired after the first 20 or 30 minutes of the film  were just hallucinations in Alec\'s head. In fact, he collapsed from his brain tumor at the bank that he robbed in his fantasies. We see Alec die and then hear his voiceover narration wishing his friends well and saying he hopes they live rich lives and can see each other again someday. The film had its national premier on June 17, 2001 at the Harvard Exit theater during the Seattle International Film Festival, under the title "Rennie\'s Landing".'] ['The Postcard Bandit, a 2003 telemovie, tells the story of Brenden James Abbott, colloquially known as The Postcard Bandit. Released on DVD in 2005, the movie begins with Abbott  on the run with fellow criminal Aaron Reynolds, having just escaped from Fremantle Prison together. The pair rob banks across the country before Abbott decides it\'s time to live the high life for a while. To avoid suspicion, the two travel the country with a Japanese tourist, and during this trip, Abbott tells Reynolds he is giving him the flick. Reynolds tells Abbott, "You won\'t last a week without me," but it is Reynolds who is arrested some four weeks later. While on the Gold Coast, Brenden meets the future mother of his only son William. Soon after, Abbott decides to get back into robbing banks to feed his extravagant lifestyle. Abbott is connected with a driver, whom his brother Glen has arranged for him to meet. Glen Abbott is still upset with his brother for leaving him behind in Fremantle Jail and gives the driver a message for Brenden, "Why\'d you leave me behind?" Abbott uses the man as assistant to rob a Perth bank, going in through the roof and breaking his ankle in the process. Abbott returns to the Gold Coast, only to learn that his lover has become pregnant with his first and only child. She is suspicious about the fact that he has a broken ankle, but this is quickly forgotten when he presents her with a Rolex watch. Soon after that, Abbott decides to look for a new partner, and upon leaving, his lover raises her suspicion about his line of work, presenting a balaclava she found in his bag. Abbott tells her nothing other than to return the balaclava to where it was found, before leaving angrily. While on the run, his lover has the child and she learns the true identity of "Peter", Brenden James Abbott. Abbott begins seeing a prostitute, who gets a rush off driving fast cars. Abbott asks her is she wants a real rush, and uses her as his getaway driver for his next few robberies. Abbott decides to team up with his brother Glen, which he knows will upset his mother. Glen proves to be a loose cannon, and while they successfully rob a number of banks, Brenden soon decides to cut his younger brother loose. He informs Glen that he will still need his services in obtaining guns and fake ID cards, but will no longer rob banks with him. Glen gets upset, telling his brother that he is, "No good on me own," he punches Brenden before the pair go their separate ways. Glen is detained by the police and due to possession of a number of illegal weapons, he is forced to give up information on his brother\'s whereabouts. He gives the police the number of a pager used to contact Brenden Abbott, which is traced back to a post office box on the Gold Coast. Brenden Abbott is about to walk out on his current lover, when a few minutes later, he is arrested on the street in Surfers Paradise. Abbott is sent to a maximum security prison in Brisbane, where he befriends a small-time criminal and plots an escape with 4 other violent criminals. The petty criminal is due for release some four weeks later, so Abbott plots to use the man as a getaway driver for his planned escape. On the day of the prison break, a female visitor gives one of the prisoners some razor wire which has been concealed in her vagina. The convicts use the wire to escape their cells and run to the pison fence, where they are met by the other released criminal. He throws a set of bolt cutters over the fence and shoots at the guards who come near the escaping prisoners. A perimeter patrol vehicle is also disabled by the man\'s gunfire when Abbott instructs him to "aim for the battery". The group escapes in an awaiting vehicle which the man had driven to the prison. Soon, the other 4 escapees are detained while Abbott and the petty criminal manage to avoid custody. Abbott is concerned that his new partner is using drugs, but the man denies it. Abbott, feeling that he owes the man, decides to stay by his side. The pair rob a number of banks, including his most notorious robbery, netting some $800,000 from the Commonwealth Bank at Pacific Fair on the Gold Coast. Abbott\'s partner soon is the target of a manhunt, after killing two police officers during a failed drug deal. He goes back to Abbott distraught at his actions and the two escape to Darwin, where they remain for some time. While walking down the street one day, Abbott returns a cricket ball to a child  who has hit the ball in front of him. The boy\'s father sees Abbott doing so and he turns out to be a police officer who recognizes the criminal. Abbott is caught and sent to jail again in Queensland, with a large sum of money still unaccounted for. Abbott meets his son while in jail and encourages the boy to play hard in cricket, with Brenden himself being a keen Mark Waugh fan. The movie ends with Abbott still in jail, a now aging man, who has lost the edge which he once held as Australia\'s Most Wanted man.'] ["After Dortmunder  is released from his latest stint in prison, he is approached by his brother-in-law, Andy Kelp , about another job. Dr. Amusa  seeks a valuable gem in a Brooklyn museum that is of great significance to his people in his country in Africa, stolen during colonial times and then re-stolen by various African nations on multiple occasions since. Kelp and Dortmunder are joined by driver Stan Murch  and explosives expert Allan Greenberg  and concoct an elaborate plan for stealing the gem from a museum in Brooklyn. Although the plan  basically works, something always seems to go awry, and the quartet has to steal the diamond again and again. First off, the diamond is swallowed by Greenberg when he alone gets caught by the police during the initial heist. After Greenberg tells his partners where he hid the rock in the police precinct jail , the quartet attempt another heist on the precinct. Although the plan works, the rock is nowhere to be found. It is later discovered that Greenberg's father Abe , a dishonest lawyer who bailed his son out of jail, was the only other person who knew where it was. After a series of bluffs, Abe Greenberg reveals that he put the diamond in his safe deposit box and has made his own deal to sell the gem to Dr. Amusa, which will leave Dortmunder's quartet with nothing. Dr. Amusa fires Dortmunder for his incompetence. However, with the help of a hypnotist, Dortmunder is able to gain access to Abe's safe deposit box and retrieve the gem just after the bank opens in the morning. As Dortmunder exits the bank, Abe and Dr. Amusa arrive at the bank but do not see him in the crowd. Dortmunder climbs into a car where the others are waiting and a rousing cheer erupts as they drive off."] ['Set in 1983, just after the birth of the Automated Teller Machine, High Life is a story of kinship, loyalty, and honour amongst thieves. In a busy downtown hospital, a visit from his former socio-pathic cellmate Bug  has just gotten Dick  fired from his job as a hospital janitor. Unemployed and in need of fast cash Dick gets the idea to rob one of the day’s brand new ATM\'s, to “buy a little self-respect”, announces Dick to Bug and the team. Enter the charismatic, criminally-minded Donnie,  and the front-man, the sexy, sleepy-eyed charmer Billy,  and all of the pieces are in place."Review on Twitch" “It’s a precision job,” says Dick the night before the heist: “No violence.” You think? Naturally things don’t go according to plan and the unfolding catalogue of disasters that confronts Dick is enough to test any friend’s loyalties as the lovable losers bungle their way toward a pipe-dream of quick riches. Alternately tragic and hysterical, High Life’s perfect plan ends up anything but when one of the bank’s employees double-crosses them all. Set against the nostalgic back-beat of Three Dog Night, Creedence Clearwater Revival and a raft of April Wine"High Life in Atlantic Film Festival", High Life’s highwire tension unfolds with calamitous results.'] ['A man named Tripp is caught in the middle of two simultaneous robberies at a bank. One crew is more professional, the other crew consists of two men who call themselves Peanut Butter and Jelly. Tripp desperately tries to protect teller Kaitlin with whom he secretly falls in love. When a man is found murdered, the two crews deny any involvement, which causes Tripp to believe they are all getting ambushed by a higher power. Both crews, Tripp, and the hostages all try to stay alive on their own terms.'] ['After the Sunset begins with master thief Max Burdett  and his beautiful accomplice, Lola Cirillo , stealing the second of three famous diamonds known as the Napoleon diamonds from FBI Agent Stanley P Lloyd . Max however is shot by Lloyd before he passes out from being gassed by them. Max survives and tells Lola to get the diamond. She does and leaves a one dollar bill in its place. They then retire to Paradise Island in the Bahamas. Their financial future is set, their career in crime a thing of the past. However, Agent Lloyd refuses to believe their retreat into domesticity. After six months, Lloyd shows up, breaks into Max\'s house, and starts searching for evidence: taking the bullet he shot Max with. Max arrives and points a gun at him while he is relaxing, prompting Lloyd to draw his. They lower their guns and Lloyd accuses Burdett of hiding out in the same place where a cruise ship is displaying the final Napoleon diamond and the only one he hadn\'t stolen. He thinks the two are planning to lift the third Napoleon diamond, and complete the set. Max denies this and Lloyd leaves with a movie Max thinks he will learn something from. Lola at first suspects Max is getting ready for another job, but he convinces her he isn\'t because she chose that island. When she discovers the bullet is gone, she tells Max who panics. She tells him she\'ll get it back. She hires two masseuse to get it back and they succeed. She then tells Max to get rid of it. Burdett unwittingly turns the tables and befriends the frustrated detective Lloyd, showing him the pleasures that Paradise Island has to offer, even paying for the most expensive suite, the bridge suite, for as long as Lloyd was there. Lloyd, out of his element, adapts quickly to the easy-going Caribbean lifestyle. Despite his pleas of innocence, Burdett\'s curiosity gets the better of him and he starts casing the ship. However, not only does Lloyd suspect that he\'s ready for ‘one more’ job, so does the local thug, Henri Mooré  whose bodyguard threatens Burdett to give him a ride to his boss\' where he tries to get him to steal the diamond for him so he can extend his humanitarian business. Burdett, still wanting the diamond for himself, pretends to work with Mooré, and gives him a fake plan as to how he would steal the diamond . Stan however has teamed up with local police constible Sophie  to catch Burdett, and tails him to Junkanoo, a local parade, where Max loses him, warning that he shouldn\'t tail so closely before he is hit in the face by a tuba player swinging his tuba by Max\'s request. Lola kicks Max out after he breaks his promise to spend their first sunset on her new deck she had been working on and after she finds out he lied about writing his vows to her. Max is forced to bunk with Stan, and they share their thoughts about each other\'s lives. The next morning, the authorities and Sophie discover them, revealing that Stan\'s FBI license is suspended. Later, while eating breakfast, the two come up with a plan to get Sophie and Lola back, involving a scuba diving trip. Mooré\'s man prepares to attempt to steal the Napoleon diamond, providing a diversion for Burdett to steal it himself. He switches place with an accomplice. Lola later discovers this and cuts off Stan\'s air supply to keep him from learning it. Meanwhile Henri\'s man is caught and arrested and Max steals the diamond. He then returns and saves Stan before he dies. On land, Sophie gets the call about the diamond being stolen. Sophie searches Max, but finds nothing. Stan and she angrily leave, while Lola prepares to leave Max. However, she is stopped by Mooré, who threatens to kill her if Max doesn\'t tell him where the diamond is. Fortunately, Stan arrives and shoots him twice, killing him. Lola is nevertheless unfazed, and leaves Max anyway. After spending the night alone in their home, he realizes he wants her back, and catches her just before she leaves, promising her she is his only jewel from then on. He then proposes with "the first diamond I ever bought" in his words. She accepts on the condition that she get the receipt. The next day, Max is met by Stan while celebrating, who tells him he was never drunk the night Burdett had to bunk with him, and entails how he let Max do all the work while he later recovered the diamond. Max concedes that his nemesis has won this time, and is simply happy to live out his life with and watch sunsets with Lola. However, he has fun with Stan when he tries to leave by remote controlling his car again, promising Lola it is the last time.'] ["Tarek  a Lebanese-Australian, living in Sydney's tough western suburbs wants to help his imprisoned older brother, Jamal  but can't afford the costs. His mate Nabil , a cleaner persuades Tarek to steal drugs from a drugs depot and their drug dealing friend Sam  helps in distribution. Meanwhile Tarek has met Amie , an Anglo-Australian girl who likes to party and to snort cocaine."] ['The film opens five years before the present day, showing the Fourth of July celebration at the American consulate in Dubai, where Ray Koval , an MI6 agent, appears to seduce Claire Stenwick , who, unbeknownst to him, is a CIA agent. Claire drugs Ray and steals classified documents from him. The scene cuts to a silent, slow motion brawl on the tarmac between Howard Tully , the CEO of Burkett & Randle, and Dick Garsik , the CEO of Equikrom, illustrating the longstanding rivalry between the two executives. In the present day, Ray is now a corporate spy in New York City who recently went to work for Equikrom. At a meet, he spots Claire and thinks the mission is blown. Ray follows her and confronts her about the incident in Dubai. Claire puts on an innocent act, pretending she has never met Ray, until they both realize they were supposed to meet. Claire has been working undercover for Equikrom at Burkett & Randle for the past 14 months, and Ray is to be her new handler. At Burkett & Randle a major development is underfoot, and Tully makes a speech that paints them as innovators defending themselves from duplicity and theft. At Equikrom, Garsik obtains a copy of the speech through Claire and plots to steal whatever Burkett & Randle has developed. The scene cuts to two years earlier in Rome, where we see Ray and Claire again meeting for the "first" time since Dubai, replaying the same dialog as in NYC. The audience learns that Ray and Claire did not meet at Equikrom by chance--they plan to cheat both companies and sell a corporate secret to the highest bidder. However, neither still completely trusts the other, nor knows who is playing whom. The team at Equikrom believes Ronny Partiz , a child prodigy turned genius, might be responsible for Burkett & Randle\'s new product. Ray and Boris Fetyov  stake out Partiz at a casino in the Bahamas, where Claire and Jeff Bauer ([[Thomas McCarthy  from Burkett & Randle foil their plans by planting evidence of them cheating the casino. In return, Tully at Burkett & Randle thanks Claire for successfully defending the company\'s new product, revealing it to be a cure for baldness. When Bauer is later caught attempting to steal the formula and Claire is left guarding him and the formula by herself, she uses one of the rigged photocopiers at Burkett & Randle to transfer it to Equikrom. Back at Equikrom, Claire accuses Ray of stealing the formula for himself. He is searched and exposed when it is found. Claire waits at the Zürich airport in Switzerland and when Ray arrives, it is revealed that Claire and Ray were only putting on an act at Equikrom. Each pretends at first they don\'t have the formula and then Claire confesses she loves Ray and says they are each the only one who can ever understand the other. Claire proposes they each reveal what they have on the count of three but Ray says he loves Claire back by saying first that he had another copy of the formula. Claire admits that she had it too, creating real trust for the first time. Ray and Claire attempt to sell the formula to a Swiss company for $35 million. Meanwhile, Garsik tells his shareholders that they are in the final stages of testing for a product that cures baldness. The Swiss, however, say the formula is a fraud. The scene cuts to ten days earlier, where Claire and Ray were practicing the act they would present when it was revealed that Ray would be Claire\'s handler. Unbeknownst to them, there was a hidden microphone in their room monitoring them. From the beginning, Claire and Ray were being played by Tully and his people. Pam Frailes  from Equikrom was really working for Burkett & Randle all along, Partiz was used as the bait, Bauer staged stealing the formula, and the formula never existed at all. It was all a trick to get Garsik to announce he had a revolutionary product, which was in fact just a regular skin cream, and which would ruin Garsik and Equikrom. The film ends with Ray and Claire realizing they have been played by Tully.'] ['Lehiff  is a petty criminal always involved in trouble. Lehiff\'s nemesis, Garda Detective Jerry Lynch  presents himself as a saviour who fights the "scumbags" on Dublin\'s streets, and enlists the help of Ben Campion , an ambitious film-maker and the bane of his "go-softer" boss, who considers Lynch too nasty a subject to be shown on a mainstream “docusoap” series on Irish terrestrial TV. While shooting a scene about a traffic accident, Ben is told to focus his attention on Sally , Deirdre\'s sister, who helped the passengers after the double-decker bus they were on crashed on its side. Sally, who is deeply insecure about her looks, grows bitter when Deirdre flaunts her new boyfriend, Sam , a middle-aged bank manager who has left his wife of 14 years, Noeleen , leaving her to question her own self-worth as a woman and wife. John, Deirdre\'s ex-boyfriend, is utterly lost without her and is determined to do anything to win her back. Thus, he gets involved in an absurd plan along with Mick , the driver of the bus that crashed, and Lehiff. They kidnap Sam and force him to go to his bank to get some money so that they can demand a ransom. Things go awry when Sam, who has the money, is assaulted by an enraged Noeleen on the street and a couple of police officers appear. Mick and John flee the scene without their money. Mick becomes obsessed with taking revenge on Philip , the boy who had lobbed the stone into the windshield and made him swerve and crash the bus, which resulted in Mick getting fired. Things do not go quite his way, and he ends up learning a bitter lesson. As for Lehiff, Lynch corners him in an open field, and the scene is set for a confrontation that ends in an unexpected way. As the credits roll, Noeleen and Sam are back together in their house watching television. She is sitting purposely on the remote control and bullying him into changing the channels by hand.'] ["Stuart Conway  has developed a hand-held, cellphone-like time travel device called 'Slipstream' that allows the user to travel back in time 10 minutes by interfacing with a cellphone system regional antenna. At first, he uses the device primarily to try, albeit unsuccessfully, to arrange a date with a female bank clerk. The final time he tries to use the device, a group of bank robbers commanded by Winston Briggs  rush into the bank and demand the money from the vault. At the time, FBI agent Sarah Tanner  and her male partner Jake  are in the bank tracking Stuart. Tanner initiates a gunfight against Jake's advice. Both agents are armed with pistols, while the criminals are wielding automatic weapons. By the end of the fight, Jake is shot and killed because he chased the criminals outside the bank. During the fight, Stuart had been shot in the chest by a stray bullet. Before he dies, Stuart takes Sarah and himself back in time to before the bank robbery, and Sarah unsuccessfully tries to foil the heist. Unfortunately, Briggs takes the Slipstream device as a souvenir. Stuart and Sarah realize it's only a matter of time before Briggs and his cronies discover the true potential of the device. What follows is a high-speed car chase of the criminals, a hijacking of a bus, a highway shootout, and a shootout in and downing of a commercial airliner. Near the end, as a passenger in the falling airplane, Stuart is able to reverse the entire sequence of events because, being airborne, he has access to many cellphone relay systems and therefore is not restricted to the 10-minute limit. Stuart rewinds time to just before the bank robbery, taking Sarah with him, but Briggs grabs on as well and is rewinded too. This time Briggs decides not to rob the bank as he knows what will happen and that all of his men will die and he and his men leave without anyone being the wiser. This time Stuart is able to get a date with the teller by being himself and escapes using the Slipstream device from the bank when he is about to be arrested. Sarah is relieved that her partner is alive again and decides to let Stuart go as she knows he's harmless. The movie ends with Stuart having fun using the Slipstream device."] ['Jessie McMullen  is a Scotch-Irish American widower who emigrated with his Sicilian wife to New York in September 1946. A lovable rogue,incorrigible womaniser and tough guy, Jessie is proud of his criminal past and lifestyle. He raised his son Vito  to follow in his footsteps, but Vito went straight at 21 when Adam his son was born. Vito now runs a thriving wholesale Twelfth Avenue meat packing warehouse and has left his criminal past behind him. Over the years, Vito became ashamed of his family\'s criminal past. He went into a legitimate business, married his middle class Jewish sweetheart and has tried to raise his son Adam right, which in his mind means keeping young Adam  away from his criminally minded yet charming grandfather. Little does Vito know that this strategy has backfired, the mystery surrounding Jessie, coupled with his strict educational upbringing has caused Adam to idolize his grandfather and romanticise his exciting lifestyle. Now that Adam is grown up  and makes him pay. In the meanwhile a crestfallen Vito gives in to his wife\'s suggestion that he give himself and his father up, and rats Jessie out, as well as giving himself up. A judge finds all three McMullens to be at fault, but after generously placing both Vito and his son on probation, he throws the book at Jessie,giving him a 15 year sentence- tantamount to a life sentence. Adam visits his grandfather devotedly in jail while banning Vito from his life. Vito\'s explanations that he did what he did, he did for Adam\'s own good, fall on deaf ears as Adam calls him a "piece of garbage" and lambasts him for "ratting out his own father". Jessie dies in prison, as Vito arrives minutes too late to say a last goodbye. As the body is being carted away, Vito makes a last dash in vain to intercept the body on its way to the morgue. He falls just short as the prison gates shut behind him and he breaks down in tears. Vito and Adam eventually make their peace months later. Vito agrees with Adam that the most fun they have had as a family was the caper. Together they give Jessie a grand sendoff.'] ['Roger  is a security guard at an art museum who is only rarely in motion, opting rather to stare at his favorite painting, The Lonely Maiden, The Lonely Maiden a beautiful woman staring forlornly out into the distance. Despite the fact he has a wife, Rose , he\'s become rather obsessed with the painting. Rose wants Roger to retire so they can move to Florida. One afternoon, Roger learns that several pieces including The Lonely Maiden are to be permanently moved to another museum in Copenhagen, Denmark. Unable to follow the maiden, Roger falls into despair until he meets Charles , who has a similar attraction to a painting on another floor of a woman with cats. George  is also obsessed with a piece of art, a nude sculpture of a Greek warrior; he often strips down and poses naked beside it during his night shift. Using the advantages between their shifts and experience, George comes up with the idea to steal their favorite works of art and replace them with replicas. Roger volunteers to tag the artworks being shipped, while Charles and George seek assistance in replicating their favorites. Because Charles is a painter, he\'s able to do the cat painting perfectly, but he fails in capturing The Lonely Maiden. The men hire a street artist  for that task, forcing Roger to steal Rose\'s Florida vacation savings to pay for the job. Rose becomes suspicious and nearly ends up having Roger taken off the volunteer staff. George manages to replicate "his" sculpture and the Maiden copy is also completed. On the day of the switch, George sneaks into the warehouse in the crate with the statue. He successfully swaps the three marked pieces, but can\'t resist stripping down and posing with the statue. A guard shows up, forcing George to hide in the crate without his clothes. The next morning, when Roger and Charlie  come to collect him, George ends up boarding the wrong van. A panic-stricken Charlie gives chase, and they manage to successfully rescue George, who emerges . Having pulled off the heist without getting caught, they retire from their jobs and Rose is none the wiser. On a trip to Florida, Roger is enthralled by Rose as she looks out over the ocean because she strikingly resembles the Lonely Maiden pose. Their love life is rekindled. Meanwhile, the three men hide their treasures in a shack on Charles\' apartment roof so that they can go and view them at their leisure. However, when Roger looks at the painting, it doesn\'t inspire him like it once did. He smiles and remembers his wife. Meanwhile, in Copenhagen, a guard on duty passes the fake Lonely Maiden and looks at it, smiling...'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Elizabeth Lipp  visiting Istanbul, where she sees a traveling fair featuring replicas of treasures from the Topkapı Palace. Next she cases the Topkapı, fascinated by the emerald-encrusted dagger of Sultan Mahmud I. Leaving Turkey, she recruits her ex-lover, Swiss master-criminal Walter Harper , to plan the theft. They engage Cedric Page , master of all things mechanical, and Giulio the Human Fly , a mute acrobat. Harper and Lipp then hire small-time hustler Arthur Simon Simpson  to drive a car into Turkey to transport hidden explosives and firearms for use in the burglary. Turkish Customs search the car, find the firearms, and conclude that the gang are plotting an assassination. They then recruit Simpson to spy on Harper and Lipp. Page, picking up the car in Istanbul, is told a police ruse that only the "importer" Simpson is permitted to drive it in Turkey. While traveling with the gang, Simpson leaves notes for his police handlers, but most of his intelligence is worthless. When an accomplice who was to have helped during the robbery is injured, Simpson is engaged as a substitute and confesses that the police are watching them. Harper arranges to give the police the slip. That evening, Harper, Simpson, and Giulio steal the dagger and leave a replica in its place. Unnoticed by the thieves, during the robbery a bird flies through the window they entered and is trapped inside the vault. The gang deliver the dagger to Joseph, proprietor of the traveling fair display, who will smuggle it out of the country. The gang members then go to police headquarters to "reveal" their discovery of weapons in the car. The inspector asks Simpson to vouch for Harper and Lipp\'s whereabouts that day. Simpson backs up their alibi; however, the inspector learns that the Topkapı alarm was triggered by the trapped bird. Simpson\'s notes to the police provide a connection between the gang and Joseph\'s replicas of the Topkapı treasures. The film closes with the gang in a Turkish prison, where Lipp begins to tell them of her fascination with the Russian Imperial Crown Jewels in the Kremlin.'] ['After being released from prison, Danny Ocean  breaks parole and travels to Los Angeles to meet up with his former partner in crime and close friend Rusty Ryan  to propose a scheme he has in mind. The two go to Las Vegas to pitch the plan to wealthy friend and former casino owner Reuben Tishkoff . The plan consists of simultaneously robbing the Bellagio, The Mirage, and the MGM Grand casinos. Reuben\'s familiarity with casino security makes him very reluctant to get involved, but when he begins to think of it as a good way to get back at his rival, Terry Benedict , who owns all three casinos, Reuben agrees to finance the operation. Because the casinos are required by the Nevada Gaming Commission to have enough cash on hand to cover all their patrons\' bets, the three predict that, on the upcoming night of a highly anticipated boxing match, the Bellagio vault will contain more than $150&nbsp;million. Ocean and Ryan recruit eight former colleagues and criminal specialists: Linus Caldwell , a young and talented pick-pocket thief; Frank Catton , a casino worker and con man; Virgil and Turk Malloy , a pair of gifted mechanics; Livingston Dell  an electronics and surveillance expert; Basher Tarr , an explosives expert; Saul Bloom , an elderly con man; and "The Amazing" Yen , an accomplished acrobat. Several of the team members carry out reconnaissance at the Bellagio to learn as much as possible about the security, the routines and behaviors of the casino staff, and the building itself. Others create a precise replica of the vault with which to practice maneuvering through its formidable security systems. During this planning phase, the team discovers that Ocean\'s ex-wife, Tess , is Benedict\'s girlfriend. Ryan urges Ocean to give up on the plan, believing Ocean incapable of sound judgement while Tess is involved, but Ocean refuses. When the plan is put in motion, Ocean goes to the Bellagio in order to be seen by Benedict, who, as expected, has him locked in a storeroom to be beaten by a bouncer called Bruiser. Bruiser, however, is a friend of Ocean\'s, and he allows Ocean to leave through a ventilation shaft, to meet with his team in the vault. Linus Caldwell poses as a gaming commission agent, and reveals to Benedict that one of his employees, Ramon Escalante, is actually Frank Catton, an ex-con. Caldwell and Catton stage a faux confrontation in Benedict\'s presence so that Linus can steal the vault access codes written on a piece of paper in Benedict\'s jacket. Yen is smuggled into the vault by the Malloy brothers to assist in triggering the explosive from the inside. Saul Bloom sneaks explosives into the casino vault by posing as a wealthy international arms dealer who needs especially secure safekeeping for his valuables, and then stages a heart attack that is treated by Ryan posing as a doctor. The team activates a stolen "pinch" device to temporarily disrupt the casino\'s electrical power, allowing them to breach the vault undetected. As Benedict attempts to restore order following the power outage, Ryan anonymously calls him on a cell phone that Ocean had earlier planted in Tess\'s coat. Ryan tells him that the vaults are being raided, and that all the money will be destroyed if Benedict does not cooperate in loading half the money into a van waiting outside. Benedict observes video footage of the vault that confirms Ryan\'s claims, and complies in moving the money, but orders his men to follow the van after it departs, and calls a S.W.A.T. team to secure the vault and the other half of the money. The S.W.A.T. team\'s arrival results in a shootout which causes the incineration of the half of the money left in the vault. After assuring Benedict that the casino is secure, the officers depart at Benedict\'s insistence. Benedict\'s men following the van discover that it is being driven by remote control, and that, instead of money, it contains duffel bags full of flyers advertising prostitutes. Benedict realizes that the vault video feed he\'d been watching was faked, as the vault floor in the footage lacked the Bellagio logo, which had only recently been installed. A flashback reveals that Ocean had used the vault replica to create the fake video Benedict had seen; the rest of the team posed as S.W.A.T. officers, and took all of the money in the vault when responding to Benedict\'s call for police assistance. Benedict then returns to the room where he left Ocean and finds him still there, apparently still being worked over by Bruiser, leaving him with no way to connect Ocean to the theft. As Tess watches via security surveillance, Ocean tricks Benedict into saying he would give up Tess in exchange for the money. Ocean then says, "Alright. I know a guy. We were in the joint together. Anybody pulls a job in the western US, he knows about it. Give me 72 hours. I\'ll find out who took your money". Benedict, humiliated, orders his men to escort Ocean off the premises and inform the police that Ocean is violating his parole by being in Las Vegas. Tess leaves Benedict, and exits the hotel just in time to see Ocean arrested. When he is released after serving \'three to six months\' for his parole violation, he is met by Rusty and Tess, and the three drive off, closely followed by Benedict\'s bodyguards.'] ['A discredited expatriate American professor, Theo Wilkins , has called on a young protégé and sophisticated thief, Paul Mason , to come over from the US to the south of France and help him pull off one final heist. He has masterminded a caper to steal $4,000,000 in French francs from the underground vault of the casino of Monte Carlo, Monaco. Wilkins has recruited a team of thieves -- including Melanie , an exotic dancer -- but he needs someone he can trust, Mason, to keep them all in line during the crime. The heist takes place on the night of a grand celebration at the casino. Melanie\'s protector, the saxophone player Poncho , and Wilkins enter the casino in the guises of  "Baron von Roelitz," an aristocrat with a disability who uses a wheelchair, and his physician, "Dr. Vidal." At the same time, Melanie, the safecracker Louis  and Mason attend the party with invitations procured by the gang\'s inside man at the casino, the meek assistant to the director, Le May , who is under Melanie\'s spell. Mason and Louis go out of a window, which Melanie shuts behind them, and make their way along a narrow ledge high above the sea to the casino director\'s office. From there, they descend by elevator to the vault four floors below. They cut through a barred gate in front of the vault and drill through the lock, secure the cash and make their way back to the director\'s elevator. Poncho\'s part of the plan is to ingest a cyanide capsule to simulate a heart attack. Afraid, he fails to do so, necessitating Wilkins to inject him with cyanide instead. Poncho collapses and Wilkins maneuvers the casino director ([[Sebastian Cabot , in the name of "discretion," into transporting "the baron" to his office. Here, Wilkins pretends to phone for an ambulance, and informs the director that the baron is dead. They leave the office with the inert baron in it. Immediately re-entering the director\'s office, Louis and Mason stash the money in the hollow seat of the baron\'s wheelchair. They then return along the ledge to the window into the casino, which Melanie has reopened for them, narrowly avoiding being caught by casino security. Louis and Melanie depart the party together, while Mason makes his way out separately. The "ambulance" summoned by Wilkins is in reality part of the plan, and is driven by the last accomplice, Fritz (Berry Kroeger}. Poncho is strapped into the wheelchair, taken to the side entrance of the casino and loaded into the ambulance. The conspirators then make their getaway. Just as Poncho is regaining consciousness in the back of the ambulance, Wilkins, smiling in the excitement of his success, peacefully and unexpectedly dies. Mason and Melanie drive him back to his hotel. Along the way, Mason breaks down and Melanie realizes that Wilkins was his father. Mason and Melanie decide they want no part of the stolen money. They return to the hideout, where the others are squabbling over how to split the take. Mason examines the money and discovers that it is brand new currency and that all the serial numbers are on file with the Bank of France, which will make it next to impossible to spend. Mason and Melanie, realizing that the others will be unable to resist spending the cash, will be caught and will implicate them, forcibly take the cash away and return it to the casino. Ironically, while returning the money they hit it big on the roulette table. Thus the two of them, who by now have decided to take their chances in life together, emerge as the only members of the gang to come out ahead.'] ['Haskell  is a hardened gangster assigned to a job by his boss, Landon-Higgins , to steal sheets of watermarked paper to print fake money.'] ["While driving with his headlights off down a country highway, Chris Pratt, his girlfriend Kelly and two friends crash into a stalled combine on the road. Chris and Kelly survive, but the other two do not. Chris' injuries include brain damage that affects his short-term memory in the form similar to anterograde amnesia. He's in classes to learn new skills, including the simple sequences of daily tasks, to compensate for his inability to remember, and keeps notes in a small notebook. Challenged by a tough case manager to build a life despite his injuries, he is supported by his roommate, a blind man named Lewis, but receives only financial support from his wealthy family. He works nights, cleaning a small-town bank, with regular visitations from Ted, a bumbling sheriff's deputy. Chris aspires to train as a teller, but the bank manager, Mr. Tuttle, can barely hide his contempt for Chris' ambitions. It is there Chris comes under the scrutiny of a gang planning to rob the bank. Their leader, Gary, who knew him from high school and resented his wealth and popularity as a hockey star before his accident, befriends him and uses a young woman, Luvlee, to seduce him. Taunted by the gang about the limitations of his life since the accident, he initially goes along with the scheme. His frustrations trickle down into confrontations with his friends, Lewis and Ted. When the gang arrives the night of the robbery, Chris tells them he has changed his mind. But they tell him it's too late and force him to empty the vault at gunpoint. His friend Ted, the deputy, stumbles into the robbery while delivering doughnuts to Chris, and triggers a shootout. The deputy and two of the gang members, Marty and Cork, are killed. Meanwhile Chris escapes in the getaway car, and when he realizes he's got the money they stole, he returns compulsively to the site of his accident, where he buries the money. Gary is wounded and gets away with the other bank robber, Bone. When Chris returns to his apartment he sees the lights on and realizes something is wrong, and when he calls discovers Gary and Bone have taken Lewis hostage to get the money back. Chris, using his new sequencing skills, hatches a plan to stay alive and save his friend. But the robbers literally catch him napping at the place they were to meet, and they force him to take them to the site of the buried cash. While Chris digs in the snow to retrieve the money, Gary's condition is rapidly deteriorating. Chris gives one of two bags to Bone, who is preparing to execute Lewis, but Chris pulls out a shotgun he had hidden in the other bag and shoots Bone before he can react. Gary collapses and dies from blood loss. Chris returns the money and turns himself in, but the investigation by the FBI concludes that he was not responsible due to his mental state - and because the robbers failed to disconnect the video surveillance in the bank, allowing the FBI to see the gang forcing Chris to act at gunpoint. In the end we see that Chris and Lewis have reconciled, and found a way to open up the restaurant they had dreamed about together."] ['Jimmy Kilmartin is an ex-con living in Astoria in the New York City borough of Queens, trying to stay clean and raising a family with his wife Bev. But when his cousin Ronnie causes him to take a fall for driving an illegal transport of stolen cars, a police officer named Calvin Hart is injured and Jimmy lands back in prison. In exchange for an early release, he is asked to help bring down a local crime boss named Little Junior Brown. Jimmy\'s wife is killed in a car accident and his cousin Ronnie is beaten to death by Little Junior. With Jimmy still refusing to testify or "name names," years pass in Sing Sing without an early release. By the time Jimmy finally agrees to work with District Attorney Frank Zioli, his daughter barely knows him. Jimmy remarries and attempts to renew a relationship with his child. But he is sent undercover by Detective Hart to work with Junior and infiltrate his operations. As soon as Little Junior kills an undercover federal agent with Jimmy watching, the unscrupulous district attorney and the feds further complicate his life. He must take down Junior or face the consequences.'] ['Ty Hackett , an armed service veteran, is now an employee of Eagle Shield security, as a member of one of their many armored car transport teams. Now the legal guardian of younger brother Jimmy , the Silver Star recipient struggles to make ends meet. In a bar after an armored car prank heist played on Ty, his co-workers recount several historical attacks on armored cars. It is explained that Ashcroft , their immediate supervisor, was once involved in an ambush, becoming the only survivor as he single-handedly killed 5 assailants. This story was topped by "a better" one of an armored car jacking in \'88, wherein the guards surrendered the funds they were escorting in order to prevent the killing of a fellow guard; it concluded in the safety of all the guards and escape of the hijackers. The thieves were never caught, and the crew speculates that the escort team staged the attack. After receiving constant letters about impending foreclosure on his home, Ty finds himself in need of additional money to help make ends meet. While contemplating this, Ty is approached by Mike Cochrane , his godfather and co-worker, who has devised a plan to steal money being transferred from the Federal Reserve to the local banks, but Ty turns down the offer. Upon arriving home that evening, he finds a social worker who explains that Ty\'s younger brother has missed most of the school year, and that the lack of proper care has forced the state to consider placing Jimmy in a foster home. The following morning, after receiving assurances from Mike that no one will be hurt, Ty reluctantly agrees to participate in the heist. The six-person crew are dispatched as normal in two trucks to collect $42 million, or $21 million each, from the Federal Reserve, and after a radio check-in with their superiors the plan is set into motion by driving to an abandoned steel mill located in a radio dead zone after pickup. Here the team begins to unload the money for storage, intending to collect the cash after the heat from the heist dies down. The group offloads the first truck, but their plan is compromised when a homeless man living in the mill is spotted observing them. Because the man has seen too much, a chase ensues and an armed guard, Baines , shoots him. Ty tries to take the injured man to the unloaded truck, but as he attempts to do so, Mike kills the man, stating that he had no choice. Upset over this, Ty barricades himself inside the truck with the remaining $21 million inside. After an attempt to flee in the truck fails, Ty sets off the truck\'s alarm, which catches the attention of a local sheriff\'s deputy, Jake Eckehart . To turn off the siren, Cochrane pulls out the fuse to the engine, disabling the vehicle, but not before Jake draws closer due to the noise of the siren. Meanwhile, out of anger, the remaining thieves devise a plan to break into the truck by knocking the pins out of the door hinges, which will allow them to remove the doors. Jake arrives, and Mike stops him before he enters the mill, claiming to be a security guard. Just as Mike convinces Jake to leave, Ty successfully restores power to the truck\'s alarm, which blares immediately. In reaction to the plan\'s being compromised, Baines shoots Jake, seriously injuring him. While the thieves are distracted, arguing over what to do, Ty uses kerosene and a flare in the hideout hole containing the first $21 million. It flares up; while the thieves run over to the stash, with the first $21 million engulfed in flames, Ty seizes the opportunity to grab Jake and put him in the truck that he had hidden in earlier. Ty reassures Jake, calms him and applies first aid. The remaining guards continue to work on the door of the truck to get in and kill Ty and Jake. Dobbs  begins to have second thoughts about the operation, and agrees with Ty to make an attempt to get the fuse Mike removed from the engine. He retrieves the fuse, but is caught trying to put it back into the engine. As Dobbs begs for forgiveness for not being able to continue with the plan, he asks Palmer  to reassure him that the other men will not harm him. The rest of the thieves signal Palmer to murder Dobbs. Palmer keeps his promise not to let the other men hurt Dobbs and stabs Dobbs to death himself. As the thieves continue their attempts to remove the door hinges, Ty discovers that the floor of the truck has a removable panel. Covering the interior windows with the remainder of the $21 million, Ty removes the panel, and takes Jake\'s radio to the roof to get better reception. Ty contacts the authorities, but Palmer catches him before he can return to the vehicle. They exchange words as Ty attempts to convince Palmer that what they are doing is not right. Palmer finally asks Ty if he thinks God will forgive him, and jumps off the building, killing himself. Before deputies arrive, the remaining thieves reveal a kidnapped Jimmy and demand that Ty open the truck. Ty complies, and Quinn  and Baines head for the money; however Ty has rigged the money case with a booby trap, which detonates upon opening. The explosion destroys the money and kills both Quinn and Baines. Ty has Jimmy look after Jake while he runs to get help. Mike, who was injured during the blast, chases after Ty in the working armored truck, while Ty tries to direct authorities to the scene in the deputy\'s car. After the car becomes disabled from ramming, Ty flees on foot with the surviving truck in pursuit. The truck crashes into a pit in the plant, which results in Mike\'s death. Later, Ty is seen in the hospital waiting room while a recovering Jake is debriefed by authorities and Ashcroft. Ashcroft approaches Ty, stating that there\'s talk of a reward, implying that Jake spoke about his efforts in the foiling of the thieves. With Jimmy\'s also being released from the hospital, Ty and Jimmy now go home.'] ['A local thief, Cosimo, is arrested for the attempted theft of a car. After he is sentenced and put in prison, he begins immediately on his escape by telling his partners that he has a plan for a heist but that he needs their help to be freed. In order to assure his release, they find an acquaintance named Peppe with a clean criminal record to take blame for the theft in the hopes that the police will release Cosimo. They instead have both of them jailed. While Peppe is in jail, Cosimo tells him the plans for the heist of a safe in a pawnshop. After revealing the plans, Peppe tells him that he got off merely with probation, leaving him free to pursue the heist without Cosimo, much to the chagrin of Cosimo. The heist entails the following: as the pawnshop is adjacent to a vacant apartment, they must first break into a small courtyard, climb onto the roof of another small apartment, and break in through a window of the vacant home. To accomplish this, they enlist the help of another local thief that is an expert on safes who tells them of a plan  to silence the alarm of the safe that they may break into it safely. While everything is planned, they discover that the vacant apartment has just become occupied by two spinsters and their young, attractive maid. Peppe learns from the young maid, with whom he flirts, that the two women never leave their apartment except on Thursday night. After arranging a date with the girl on this particular day, the group is distressed to learn that she quits her job and the women may in fact be there on the night. Meanwhile, a number of misfortunes are incurred by the group: Cosimo, who had since been released from jail, dies in a botched robbery; Mario, another of the group, bails on the plan in favor of a legitimate life for the sake of a beautiful girl, while another of the group is partially crippled after being attacked by the man whose camera he stole earlier for the purpose of daytime reconnaissance of the pawnshop. Despite this, they proceed with the plan anyway after learning that the women will not be in the apartment. Notwithstanding a number of bumbling entries, they gain entry into the apartment. After first boring a hole through a water pipe, they are forced to staunch the flow of water while remaining quiet after a night porter enters the apartment to make a call. After these obstacles, they bore another hole, this time knocking out a portion of the wall, revealing another room in the same apartment. After they realize their plan was miscalculated, they leave the apartment dejected - albeit as free men. Peppe then decides to find legitimate work, much to the surprise of an elderly member of the group. The film ends with a newspaper article recounting a robbery by unknown persons of an apartment for food'] ['Alan  is a schoolteacher in London who also moonlights as a jazz disc jockey for a hospital PA system. One night after work, he goes to a bar and sees Beatrice , a beautiful woman who is arguing with two men. Alan is immediately captivated by Beatrice and begins to pursue her. What Alan doesn\'t know is that Beatrice is an infamous thief known to the police as "B. Monkey" , and the men she was arguing with were Paul  and Bruno , a homosexual couple who are her partners in crime. When Alan becomes aware of Beatrice\'s secret, he tries to lead her into a safer and more honest way of life, even as she lures him into the thrilling existence he\'s been dreaming of.'] ['After stealing an {{convert}} diamond in a heist in Antwerp, Franky "Four-Fingers"  goes to London to deliver it to diamond dealer Doug "The Head" ([[Mike Reid  on behalf of New York jeweller "Cousin Avi" , who bankrolled the theft. One of the other robbers advises Franky to obtain a gun from ex-KGB agent Boris "The Blade" . Unbeknownst to Franky, Boris and the robber are brothers and plan to hire a third party to rob him of the diamond. Meanwhile, unlicensed boxing promoter and casino owner Turkish  convinces local gangster "Brick Top" ([[Alan Ford  to add the matches of boxer "Gorgeous George"  to the bets at Brick Top\'s bookies. However, when Turkish sends his partner Tommy ([[Stephen Graham  and Gorgeous George to purchase a caravan from a group of pikeys, George gets into an impromptu fight with Mickey O\'Neil , a bare-knuckle boxing champ who badly injures George with a single punch. Turkish convinces Mickey to replace George in his upcoming match by agreeing to purchase a new caravan for Mickey\'s mother . Brick Top agrees to the change on the condition that Mickey throws the fight in the fourth round. Boris gives Franky a gun in exchange for a favour: Franky is to place a bet on Boris\' behalf at Brick Top\'s bookies. Avi learns of this and, knowing Franky has a gambling problem, flies to London with his bodyguard "Rosebud"  to claim the diamond. Boris hires Vinny  and Sol , two pawnbrokers and small-time crooks, to rob Frankie of the diamond while he is at the bookies. The robbery goes awry and Sol, Vinny, and their driver Tyrone ([[Ade  are caught on-camera, but manage to kidnap Franky. Instead of throwing the fight, Mickey knocks his opponent out with a single punch. Infuriated, Brick Top robs Turkish of his savings and demands that Mickey fight again, and lose this time. Meanwhile, Boris retrieves the diamond and executes Franky. As Sol, Vinny, Tyrone, and their accomplice "Bad Boy" Lincoln  are puzzling over how to dispose of Franky\'s body, Brick Top arrives to execute them for robbing his bookies. Sol bargains for their lives by promising Brick Top the stolen diamond, and is given 48 hours to retrieve it. Avi and Doug hire "Bullet-Tooth" Tony  to help them find Franky. When the trail leads to Boris, they kidnap him and retrieve the gemstone, closely pursued by Sol, Vinnie, and Tyrone. As they are driving, Tommy carelessly throws Turkish\'s carton of milk out the window of their car; it splashes over Tony\'s windshield, causing him to crash. Rosebud is killed, and Boris escapes from the wreck only to be hit by Tyrone\'s car. Tony and Avi regroup at a pub where they are confronted by Sol, Vinny, and Tyrone. Tony quickly realizes that their pistols are replicas loaded with blanks, and intimidates them into leaving him alone. The wounded Boris arrives with an assault rifle and is killed by Tony, but Sol and Vinny escape with the diamond, which Vinnie hides in his pants. When Tony catches up to them, they tell him that the diamond is back at their pawn shop. Once there, they run out of stall tactics and produce the diamond, but it is promptly swallowed by a dog that Vinnie got from the pikeys. Avi fires wildly at the fleeing dog and accidentally kills Tony. He gives up his pursuit and returns to New York. Mickey refuses to fight again unless Turkish buys an even more lavish caravan for his mother, but Turkish has no money left. Furious, Brick Top has his men vandalize Turkish\'s gambling arcade and burn down Mickey\'s mother\'s caravan while she is asleep inside it. Mickey agrees to fight in order to avoid more carnage, but gets so drunk after his mother\'s wake the night before that Turkish fears he won\'t even make it to the fourth round. If he fails to go down as agreed, Brick Top\'s men will execute Turkish, Tommy, Mickey, and the entire campsite of pikeys. Mickey takes a heavy beating but makes it to the fourth round, when he makes a sudden recovery and knocks out his opponent with a powerful blow. As they flee the building, Brick Top is killed by the pikeys, who have turned the tables on him: Mickey had bet on himself to win, and waited until the fourth round to allow the other pikeys time to ambush and kill Brick Top\'s men at the campsite. The next morning, Turkish and Tommy find the pikey campsite deserted. They are confronted by the police and don\'t know what to say, until Vinny\'s dog suddenly arrives and they claim to be walking it. They are released, while Sol and Vinnie are arrested when the police find the corpses of Franky and Tony in their car. Turkish and Tommy take the dog to a veterinarian to extract a squeaky toy that it had swallowed earlier, and discover the diamond in its stomach as well. They consult Doug about selling the diamond, and he calls Avi who returns to London.'] ["The film follows Durell   and LeeJohn  in Baltimore, Maryland, who are best friends and bumbling petty criminals. At the beginning of the film the two have just began working in a store that repairs electronic goods and the manager is impressed by Durell's skillful ability to fix things. LeeJohn gets both men fired when he attempts to steal a TV from the store. Durrel attempts to find another honest job but no one he asks is willing to hire him and he has stated a criminal record on his application form. LeeJohn gets them a one-off job for a local criminal or con man Blahka who will pay them $3000. While attempting to deliver the ten stolen wheelchairs worth $1200 each, they lose the merchandise in a police chase. They are sentenced to 5000 hours of community services. Then they are told they have 24 hours to pay $12,000 to cover the loss or they will be shot dead. Simultaneously, Durell's son will move to Atlanta unless he gives his ex some money to pay her lease on her business premises. Durrell does not care about Blakha but neverthess the pair work together to raise the money they need. First they try to get a loan from a guy named Mordecai at a massage parlor. LeeJohn goes to get a massage hoping to get close to the pretty Chinese attendant, he enjoys the massage immensely but is scared away when his masseuse is revealed to be Mordecai . The next day Durrel attempts to take Lee John's mind off what happened by pointing out a beautiful girl, Tianna the pastor's daughter, heading into the church for service, they follow her into the church and join the mass for service. The church has raised 230,000 dollars and is considering moving to new premises. Lee John comes up with a desperate scheme to rob their neighborhood church. Durrel is against the idea but eventually seeing no other option agrees. Instead, they are forced to deal with much more than they bargained for. They enter the church's office and encounter the terrified and smarmy deacon, they realize the church is far from empty as they believed, they accompany the deacon to a meeting planning to leave quickly so that his absence does not cause suspicion. During the meeting it is made clear that the Deacon is pushing the pastor to move the church. Tianna sees the deacon for the money-hungry self-righteous man he is, but is unable to convince her father. She is however close to one of the Church senior members, Momma T. The church choir then show up for an unscheduled rehearsal further endangering the pairs' plans. Finally losing patience Durrel fires a gun into the air and orders the Deacon to get the money. When they try to steal the money they find that the money has already been stolen. Enraged they both hold the church hostage until the money turns up. Durrel ties the pastor up as he is defiant and difficult and interrogates everyone about the money's whereabouts. He appears to suspect Tianna who looks down on him for obvious reasons. She reminds him that the pastor is her father, Durrel rebukes her by reminding her without money the church could not move, to which she has no argument. Meanwhile Lee John takes a little boy Timmy to the bathroom as he was making a fuss about wanting to go when he says he'll take the child back to his mother  the boy reveals his real mother left him and Lee John feels empathy with the boy. The police pass by and Durrell orders everyone to the back room and orders Ricky to poke his head out the door and talk to them. Ricky does so and attempts to signal to them with blinks and long drawn out words, however he is just seen as eccentric. The hostages moan that it is too hot. Durell goes to fix the broken air conditioner while LeeJohn watches over the hostages. To Lee John's bewilderment sister Doris begins cooking for everyone, using the church's kitchen, she gives him a plate and fondly remembers how her husband loved her cooking on his birthday. He expresses his sadness at never having had a birthday as no one knew his birthday, and is comforted by Sister Doris. Meanwhile, Durell and Tianna go to fix the air conditioner. After an awkward conversation where Tianna warms to Durrel and questions what he is doing, they finally get the air-conditioning going, and Durell orders everyone back to the lobby. Then the blind, deaf janitor finds the missing money. Durell receives a phone call from his son, which he is ashamed to answer. Momma T then asks for Durell's purpose for what he is doing. Durell answers that he is doing it for his son. Momma T then says that Durell is doing it for himself, as he is blaming everyone but the person responsible, himself;  Durell says that he will not lose his son and leaves the money. Unfortunately, cops have surrounded the church blocking their way out. The pastor tells them to escape out the back, which leads to a chase in which gets the two of them caught. At the trial, which the entire church attends, the Deacon says that they have been accused of stealing 64,000 dollars. The amount of money collected was half of what the Deacon claimed was stolen, which puts the deacon at question. The case is dropped after no one stands when witnesses are called. Durell goes back to Omunique's apartment where he is confronted by the men who gave them the wheelchairs. After he explains his situation, the two men allow him to go and get his son. Omunique opens the door yelling at Durell asking him where did the money come from. The money was left at her doorstep and Durell tells her it was a gift and implores her not take his son away, saying that his son is all he has. She tells him that she will stay. In the end LeeJohn and Durrel appear much happier and it is implied that Durrel is closer to his ex-wife and son while LeeJohn remains close to Doris and Timothy. The remaining money is used to restore the community and Tianna is seen painting a community centre."] ['The film begins in medias res, with the suspects getting caught and being interrogated. Then it flashes back to three years earlier and the film continues forward from there, interspersed with occasional bits from the interrogation. Three years before getting caught, Bridget Cardigan  lived a comfortable upper middle class life until her husband Don Cardigan  was "downsized" from his position and sunk into debt. The paycheck for Selina, the housecleaner, bounces again. Selina confronts Bridget and suggests she take a job as a janitor at the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City. On her first day on the job, Bridget hatches a scheme to steal worn-out dollar bills slated for destruction. For her team she chooses Nina , who works the dollar bill shredder, and Jackie , who takes bill carts from the Secret Service room to the shredding room. It takes some work to persuade Nina to join, but Jackie joins them quickly. The plan is that in the Secret Service room Bridget will switch a cart\'s official Master-brand lock with a near identical lock she purchased at Home Depot. Bridget will tell Jackie the cart number and give Nina the official lock. When Jackie gets the chosen cart, she dumps some bills from the cart into a trash can before taking the cart to Nina, who then uses Bridget\'s key to open it and restores the official lock, and then proceeds to shred the remaining bills. Meanwhile, Bridget, in the course of her janitorial duties, retrieves the dumped bills from the trash and splits them among Nina and Jackie in the women\'s restroom. Their first robbery is a success though the take is not as big as they had hoped. However, they\'re emboldened to do it repeatedly. Once Don and Bridget pay off their debt, Don suggests they stop before they get caught. Bridget rejects this idea and persuades Nina and Jackie to keep going. They almost get caught but they end up cutting in Barry, one of the security guards, who is attracted to Nina. A Federal Bank Examiner shows up at a party at Bridget\'s house, and the next day Bridget sees him at work. The Examiner confronts Glover , who is unwilling to admit anyone has stolen a single bill out of his bank as a matter of professional pride. Tipped off, that night Bridget and her accomplices begin trying to get rid of all the loot stashed in their houses, but the cops move in before all the evidence is destroyed. Bridget escapes but the others get caught. Bridget hires a tax attorney to defend them. The lawyer gets Bridget and all her accomplices off the hook for their crimes, because neither the law enforcement, nor the examiner can prove that the large stash of cash in their homes came from the Federal Reserve Bank. Technically, it isn\'t illegal to have a couple hundred thousand dollars in cash lying around inside a private residence. However, they spent a large sum of that stolen cash to buy expensive objects and improvements on their houses, and did not pay the taxes for them because they couldn\'t justify the income. The IRS demands they pay their taxes, which turn out to be equal in amount to the money that still remains. Eight months later, Bridget reveals to Nina and Jackie that she had stashed away much of the stolen money in the basement of a friend\'s bar.'] ['Vonetta McGee plays Thomasine and Julien plays Bushrod in a film intended as a counterpart to the 1967 film Bonnie and Clyde. Thomasine and Bushrod go on a crime spree through the American south between 1911 and 1915, acting as Robin Hood type heroes who steal from rich, white capitalists, then give to Mexicans, Native Americans and poor whites.'] ['The story takes place in a mysterious underworld of swanky nightclubs where armed criminals listen to Rat Pack music and hold shootouts from a seated position, behind desks. Mickey Holiday is the top enforcer for Vic, the mob boss. Vic is about to be released from a psychiatric facility, or, as his adversary Jake Parker puts it, "the loony bin." In his absence, Ben London has been running Vic\'s nightclub while Mickey has been romancing both Rita and Grace Everly, which is doubly dangerous inasmuch as they are sisters and Grace was previously Vic\'s girl. Parker recruits a number of hired guns in an attempt to seize power. Mickey kills the first to challenge him, Lee Turner. The next one brought in by Parker, identified as Nicholas Falco and supposedly the fastest draw of all, murders Mickey\'s close friend, Jules Flamingo, who is unarmed. A showdown is arranged and Mickey ends up eliminating both Parker and the apparently overrated Falco. Vic returns to resume his reign as mob boss. He brings with him a new enforcer, the "real" Nicholas Falco, the previous one having been an impostor. "Brass Balls" Ben London promptly challenges Vic for control of the organization  and is shot dead. Falco proceeds to gun down the remaining opposition, including "Wacky" Jackie Jackson, and is eager to shoot it out with Mickey Holiday once and for all. Mickey attempts to repair his relationship with Rita, who is furious that he has been seeing her sister on the side. Mickey finally confesses to Grace that he has been seeing her in the daytime and Rita at night. She also has been unaware that Vic is back in town. At a final confrontation held in a private office, Grace reveals that she is pregnant with Vic\'s child. Forced to choose between Holiday and Falco before they shoot it out, Vic sides with his old friend and Grace kills Falco. He and Mickey end up  living happily ever after with the Everly sisters.'] ['Upon being caught cheating in his Leaving Certificate and therefore banned from taking the exam for another three years, a young boy commits suicide. A close friend of his subsequently plots to cheat in his own Leaving Certificate in order to get revenge against the system. With the help of a rag-tag group of friends this young man organizes a complex scheme to steal copies of the test papers from the Department of Education and, upon winning, show the world he has beat the system.'] ["Set in New York City, veteran thief Keith Ripley  recruits younger crook Gabriel Martin  to help him pull off one final job in order to repay his debt to the Russian mob, who had killed his previous partner, Victor Korolenko, over the debt before they could complete the plan. Martin is unsure of Ripley, but Ripley's goddaughter, Alexandra Korolenko , who is also Victor's daughter, convinces him otherwise, although Ripley doesn't like that the two are getting close. Ripley tells Martin the plan, that they are going to steal from a Russian Museum that has been smuggling Russian treasures into the country and bribing the NYPD with large donations and expensive equipment. The two infiltrate a party at the museum posing as cops, with Ripley as Lt. Weber , a cop who has a particular vendetta against Ripley, to gather information about their vault. The Russian mob, led by Nicky , grow impatient with Ripley and kidnap Alexandra, telling them they must steal two Fabergé eggs from the Russian Museum in order to get her back, or she dies. When the duo get into the vaults of the museum with the eggs, Martin reveals he is an undercover cop from Miami planted by Weber to catch Ripley, leaves Ripley locked in the vault and informs Weber, while taking the eggs to the Russian mobster to free Alexandra. After Alexandra is released Martin is forced to meet with Nicky who reveals that the eggs they have stolen are made of wood (like the [[Karelian Birch . Meanwhile, Weber and his squad enter the museum, but are detained by the security guards due to Martin telling the guards he was a cop as he escaped. Martin reports in to the police the next morning after the police have picked up Nicky, only to learn that the man they have in custody isn't the man Martin met, and that the man he met was actually Victor Korolenko, who had faked his death with Ripley's help. It is then revealed that Ripley had escaped, letting the museum know cops were on the way and that they had cleaned out the vault of all the smuggled items  before the police could inspect it, meaning there was no evidence that anything had been stolen and that Martin's testimony would be worthless as his actions have been kept off the book to prevent Ripley from finding out and that Martin's involvement with Alex compromises him, and Ripley had to be let go. Ripley later calls Martin from a tarmac ready to leave with Victor to meet with a buyer for the eggs, letting him know that they knew Martin was a cop from the beginning. Martin later meets up with Alex, who remained in New York, and who confesses that her feelings for him are real. Martin decides to become a thief.{{imdb title}}"] ["Four robbers hold up an armored truck, getting away with over a million dollars in cash. Joe Rolfe , a down-on-his-luck flower delivery truck driver is accused of being involved and is roughly interrogated by local police. Released due to lack of evidence, Joe, following the clues to a Mexican resort, decides to look for the men who set him up both to clear his name and to exact revenge. What he doesn’t know is that the heist involves a retired policeman who is also intent on revenge. The plot was inspiration for Tarantino's Reservoir Dogs.{{cite book}}"] ['Bucum  is a maverick bounty hunter trying to acquire the funds to start a private investigation firm, and Reggie  is a two-time hustler previously apprehended by Bucum three times, who regularly skips out on bail, and he lives with Gina  his trusting live-in girlfriend. One day, Reggie buys a lottery ticket, and he wins $50 million on a lottery game, but he is thwarted when he spots diamond thieves van while running away from Bucum ,he hides in the thieves van, and he is accidentally kidnapped by the thieves. Reggie manages to escape with Bucum, but Reggie now has to search for his wallet with the lottery ticket, and Bucum wants to catch the diamond thieves, forcing the two of them to reluctantly work together.'] ['Thomas Crown  is a wealthy financier who aches for a challenge. Despite all of his success in business , he feels bored. Among other diversions, he crashes an expensive catamaran while racing and bets $100,000 on a golf swing simply because "it\'s a beautiful Saturday morning", and there is not much else to do. In order to cure his boredom, Crown orchestrates an elaborate heist to steal a painting ([[San Giorgio Maggiore at Dusk  by Monet, valued at $100 million, from the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The insurers of the artwork send Catherine Banning , an insurance investigator, to assist NYPD Detective Michael McCann  in solving the crime. From the beginning, Banning suspects Crown is behind the theft. A game of cat-and-mouse ensues that results in their becoming lovers and gives Crown exactly what he was seeking, as his psychiatrist puts it: "A worthy adversary". To prove his sincerity and test her loyalty to him, Crown returns to the museum under the eye of Banning and dozens of police officers, vowing to put the stolen painting back.'] ['In World War II France in early September 1944, units of the 35th Infantry Division are nearing the town of Nancy when one of the division\'s mechanized reconnaissance platoons receives orders to pull out while under attack from the Germans. Kelly , a former lieutenant who has been demoted to private following a disastrous assault some time earlier, captures Colonel Dankhopf of German Intelligence. When Kelly notices his prisoner has a gold bar in his briefcase, he gets him drunk to try to get information about the gold. Before he is killed by an attacking German Tiger tank, the drunken Dankhopf blurts out that there is a cache of 14,000 gold bars stored in a bank vault 30 miles behind enemy lines in the town of Clermont. Kelly recruits the rest of his platoon, including skeptical Master Sergeant "Big Joe" , to sneak off and steal the gold. Eventually, others have to be recruited  into the scheme, such as an opportunistic supply sergeant "Crapgame" ; and a Sherman tank commander, "Oddball" . The expedition successfully breaks through a German-held town during a mortar barrage that has been arranged by Kelly. An American fighter plane mistakes Kelly\'s group for the enemy, strafing their vehicles and destroying them with rockets, forcing them to continue on foot, and three of their number die in a subsequent skirmish in and around a minefield. Meanwhile, Oddball\'s tanks battle their way through the German lines, but their route is blocked when the last large bridge is blown up by Allied bombers, prompting Oddball to let a bridge engineering unit in on the deal. When intercepted radio messages of the private raid are brought to the attention of gung-ho American Major General Colt , he misinterprets them as the efforts of aggressive patriots pushing forward on their own initiative and immediately rushes to the front line to exploit the "breakthrough". Kelly\'s men race to reach Clermont before their own army. There, they find it defended by three Tiger tanks with infantry support. The Americans are able to dispatch two of the Tigers and most of the German infantry, but as they prepare to take on the last tank, which is parked right in front of the bank, Oddball\'s last Sherman breaks down and cannot be repaired. Powerless to defeat the tank, Kelly offers the German tank commander a share of the loot. After the Tiger blows the bank doors off, the assembled crew finds the gold cache. After dividing the gold, the men go their separate ways, just managing to avoid meeting the still-oblivious Colt, who is delayed by celebrating town residents.'] ['Frank  is an highly experienced jewel thief and hardened ex-convict who has a set structure to his life. With a pair of successful Chicago businesses (a [[Bar  as fronts for his lucrative criminal enterprise, Frank sets out to fulfill the missing part of his life vision: a family beginning with Jessie , a pretty cashier he has begun dating. After taking down a major diamond score, Frank\'s fence, Joe Gags , is murdered for being on the take - pushed out of a 12th story window. Barry , Frank\'s friend and associate making the pick-up, discovers that a shady plating company executive Gags was working for is responsible, a Mr. Attaglia . $185,000 of Frank\'s fence money was lifted by Attaglia from Gags when he was killed. Frank demands his money back in a tense office hours confrontation at Attaglia\'s plating company. This leads to a late evening face-to-face meeting with Attaglia\'s employer, Leo , a high-level fence and Chicago Outfit boss. Unknown to Frank, Leo has been downing Frank\'s "merch" from Gags for some time. He admires Frank\'s quality fenced goods and professionalism, and wants him taking down contract scores all over the country working directly for him, offering Frank "boxcar" profits. "I\'ll make you a millionaire in four months," Leo states at their jargon filled meeting, which is monitored from a distance by police surveillance - as well as a hidden Barry and his M1 Carbine in case the meeting goes bad. At first, Frank is reluctant to consider Leo\'s offer, not wanting to "deal with egos" nor wanting the added exposure. But later that night at a coffee shop, an emotional bonding with Jessie changes the game when she agrees to be part of his life after he relates a harrowing tale of prison survival by way of a toughened mental attitude. To hasten his plans, Frank now agrees to do just one big score for Leo, telling Barry that this will be their last job. With a little help from the paternal Leo after being rejected at the state adoption agency, Frank is even able to acquire a baby on the black market, a son he names David after his recently deceased mentor and closest friend from prison, nicknamed Okla . Things start heating up on account of Frank\'s new association with Leo. After resisting a shakedown from a group of corrupt police detectives, then subsequently ditching their surveillance, Frank and his crew are soon involved in a large-scale West Coast diamond heist organized by Leo. All goes well, Frank\'s big payday finally arrives after the meticulously planned "burn job" is successful, and he is expecting the agreed-upon sum of $830,000 on $4 million wholesale of unmounted stones. But when Frank returns from the job a few days later, Leo tosses him an envelope containing less than $100,000, the "cash part" according to Leo, who also tells him that he has invested the rest of Frank\'s cut in shopping centers, an idea Frank had flatly rejected during one of their prior meetings. In addition, Leo sets up a Palm Beach score for Frank in six weeks without his approval. An irate Frank bluntly tells Leo that their deal is over, then takes the envelope of cash as he leaves and demands the rest of his money in 24 hours or "...you will wear your ass for a hat." Frank drives to his car lot to meet with Barry unaware that Leo\'s henchmen have already beaten and captured Barry, and are waiting in ambush for him. In the set-up, Frank is knocked out with the butt of a carbine and Barry is killed by several shotgun blasts from Carl , one of Leo\'s main enforcers. Frank awakens in a factory warehouse with Leo staring down at him, surrounded by his henchmen. Leo coldly informs him that he, Jessie, their child, and everything he owns are Leo\'s property. He even cruelly threatens to prostitute Jessie and "...whack out your whole family" if Frank does not continue working for him. Leo warns Frank to "tighten up" and focus on his responsibilities; meanwhile, his henchmen dispose of Barry\'s body. Frank goes home to contemplate his next move, gradually sinking into a hardened apathy akin to his prison days. He calmly orders an uncomprehending Jessie out of their house, telling her their marriage is over. He instructs an associate to drive her, the baby and $400,000 in cash somewhere where they cannot be found, informing Jessie more money will be coming at regular intervals, but that he will not be joining her. With nothing to lose, Frank blows up their home in a fiery nighttime blast using high explosive charges. He then drives to his business establishments and does the same, destroying his bar in a violent explosion then setting fire to his car lot. Armed with his Hoag custom 6" long-slide M1911A1 sidearm, he quietly breaks into Leo\'s house in a peaceful neighborhood and pistol whips Attaglia in the kitchen - which alerts Leo in the living room. Frank then executes a tense room-clearing of the first floor hunting for Leo who is hiding and armed with a .357 Magnum revolver. Leo is inevitably located and gunned down by Frank. Frank then pursues Attaglia as he tries to escape from the house, but is promptly confronted by Carl and another henchman. In the ensuing gunfight, Frank is shot, but manages to kill the trio. The final scene is of a wounded Frank walking away into the night.'] ["Legendary bank robber Henry Manning pushes his luck too far and ends up in prison, where he suffers a massive stroke. He is transferred to a nursing home, in the care of Carol Ann McKay, a high school prom queen who married her boyfriend Wayne, the star of her school's football team, and whose glamour days are well behind her. Carol Ann starts to suspect that Henry isn't as sick as he seems, and she and Wayne are soon working with Henry to plan his last and greatest score."] ['Joe Ross  is a corporate engineer who has recently invented a very lucrative industrial process that has not yet been patented. While on a corporate retreat at an island resort, Joe befriends a wealthy stranger, Jimmy Dell , and one of the company\'s new secretaries, Susan Ricci . Jimmy wants to introduce Joe socially to his sister and asks him to deliver a package to his sister. Joe opens the package on the plane, afraid it might be illegal drugs, but instead finds a book about tennis and accidentally rips the cover. Back home in America, Joe buys a copy of the book in a bookstore to give to Jimmy\'s sister and keeps the ripped book at his office. Jimmy suggests that Joe\'s company and his boss, Mr. Klein , might not give him fair compensation for his work. A flirtatious Susan also makes vague suggestions that Joe should trust no one. Jimmy takes Joe out to dinner at a club and opens a Swiss bank account for him  as a gift. Before entering the club dinner, Jimmy has Joe sign a certificate to join the club. Jimmy convinces Joe to use his legal counsel and bring the only copy of the process to their meeting. Joe learns that the sister is a ruse and that Jimmy is actually a confidence man, attempting to steal his valuable work. Joe contacts an FBI agent named Pat McCune he met on the island and is enlisted in a sting operation. To his horror, Joe learns that McCune is actually part of Jimmy\'s con game. His process is stolen and he has been thoroughly swindled. Joe attempts to explain what happened to his employer and the police, but his story sounds far-fetched. The con has made it appear that he has sold his process to the Japanese. The Swiss bank account that Jimmy opened for him makes it look as though he is hiding assets, and the certificate he signed to join the club turns out to be a request for political asylum in Venezuela, which has no extradition treaty with the United States. The police also show Joe that Jimmy\'s apartment and the club dining area were not real, but instead were just a normal room and a coat check room for a restaurant, respectively. Joe is also framed for the murder of his co-developer of the process, George Lang . On the run from the law, Joe reconnects with Susan, who believes his story and continues to express a romantic interest in him. Joe remembers that the hotel where the island retreat took place maintains a video surveillance, which could prove that Jimmy Dell was there. Susan loyally accompanies Joe in his quest, but she, too, turns out to be involved in this elaborate con. At the airport, Susan gives him a camera bag, which actually contains a gun, and an airplane ticket supposedly to the island retreat, but actually to Venezuela. Before passing through security, though, Joe realizes that Jimmy left his fingerprints on the original  tennis book he was to deliver to Jimmy\'s alleged sister. He leaves the airport with Susan, not realizing that she is working against him, and they board a ferry to return home. Jimmy comes to kill Joe on the ferry, seemingly alone except for Susan and a couple of Japanese tourists. The final step of this con is going to be Joe\'s death, made to appear as a suicide. Jimmy suddenly is hit with a tranquilizer dart shot by one of the "tourists." They are, in fact, US Marshals who have been monitoring Jimmy\'s con since the beginning. They reveal that Joe\'s Boss, Mr. Klein, was behind the entire con because he wanted to keep all the profits for himself. Jimmy and Susan are taken off to jail.'] ['As he tries to access an ATM to retrieve his last twenty bucks, Jason “JINX” Taylor runs into a snag – the transaction fee will overdraw him, and he cannot get his money out of the bank. Jinx fumes about this and other hidden charges which complicate his life…as we realize that he is locked in a bank vault…with the beautiful but tied-up Jessica, her apparently a hostage. But, as Jinx rails against corporations and how they stack the deck, we realize that the situation is very different from what it appears: in fact, it is Jessica, not Jinx, who is robbing the bank. She is aligned with Simon, who leads an armed team inside the branch. However, Jinx’s entry into the scenario upsets the heist, leading him and Jessica to be inadvertently locked inside the vault. In addition, Jinx has called the cops, who, led by Officer De Gepse, have surrounded the bank. Jinx makes contact with Simon by cell phone, and the situation becomes clearer, as he realizes Jessica has access to a special inside-the-vault computer and its codes…she and only she can open the vault door. Simon becomes increasingly upset when he is unable to strong-talk Jinx into getting the vault open . And De Gepse is equally frustrated by the standoff, particularly when it is Jinx, not he, who seems to gain control over the situation. As things progress, Jinx realizes that he and Jessica actually think very much alike – they both feel used – and this new kinship leads them to plot an escape. A call comes in from Nick, the true mastermind of the robbery, and Jinx and Jessica realize that Nick needs them to issue a PIN for him to access funds which have been skimmed  over the course of years. With Simon increasingly unstable, Jinx is able to manipulate both him and De Gepse while also making a deal with Nick to provide a PIN  to go with Nick’s account information. Jinx manages to talk both cops and robbers into letting Jessica and him out, as freed hostages, and in the ensuing chaos, they slip away, to meet Nick and escape with their cut of the cash…'] ['At Christmas time, Bill Firpo , a straight-laced New York restaurant manager, gets an unpleasant Christmas gift. His brothers Dave  and Alvin  are paroled early due to overcrowding and placed in Bill\'s custody. Dave and Alvin ask their brother to take them to Paradise, Pennsylvania to do a favor for a fellow inmate of theirs. Bill refuses because one, his brothers are not allowed out of New York State and two, he knows Dave\'s pathological tendencies. He only agrees after getting tied to a robbery their brothers made via his dropped wallet. When they discover Paradise\'s bank is light on security, Bill feels the urge to rob it if he had a gun. Fortunately, there are guns in the Infiniti sedan Dave and Alvin borrowed. With Alvin driving a stolen decrepit car, Bill and Dave storm the bank. The wife of the bank\'s president  tells them that the bank safe door is locked and the president, Mr. Clifford Anderson , who has the key, is having lunch in the restaurant nearby. While Dave stays in the bank doing yoga breathing with the hostages, Alvin and Bill charge into the restaurant and call in a robbery. They order all customers to come with Bill to the bank so that no one calls the police when they go. Mr. Anderson opens the safe\'s door and Bill checks for motion sensors via a perfume. He steps over the sensors, gets the money, but while getting out of the safe, he touches the sensors via one of the money bags. Bill and Dave rush out of the bank and get away with their crime, stealing $275,000. While trying to get out of town with their car and stolen money, Alvin, who\'s driving, gets them lost. A police car turns on the sirens and they try to evade getting caught. Because the Infiniti has no snow chains, it drifts over a bridge and gets wrecked. The police officer does not see them crash and drives past the bridge, but another car stops and offers them a ride. Due to the interstates being closed, the man takes them to his relatives to stay over for Christmas. After arriving at the house, they find out it is the house of the bank president Mr. Anderson. However, the relatives don\'t recognize them because they were covering their faces with ski masks while robbing the bank. Vic Mazzucci , the inmate who gave Dave and Alvin the tip about the low security of this bank, gets enraged that they robbed the bank and gets out of jail. He and his henchman, Caesar, takes their mother, Edna  hostage and threatens to kill her unless they give him the stolen money. Bill gets bus tickets and while getting out, the FBI asks him to open the bag he is carrying with him, which contains all of the money. The bag is grabbed by Ed Dawson ([[John Ashton  and Clovis Minor , two inept shopkeepers, made "deputies" by the local police chief. Bill tricks the FBI through shooting rounds from Ed\'s gun in the ground making the crowd run around and gets away with his bag. However, they miss their bus. They then try to get away via a boat. The boat is headed towards a waterfall and Alvin falls into the water. The town people pull Alvin out of water and rescue him through CPR. Alvin steals a horse carriage from the police chief\'s son. The police chase the carriage but after they drive into the forest the police cars were unable to continue the chase. They ditch the horse carriage and decide to hitchhike. However, the horse, Merlin, gets pulled into the water making them save it and go to a truck stop instead. There Bill and Alvin decide to return the money to the bank while Dave refuses, knowing that their mother would be killed if they do so . Alvin, then, reveals to Bill he is not wanted in New York and that he\'s had his brother\'s wallet, all along. Upset, Bill leaves his two brothers, then heads off to return the money and asks strangers for a ride to Paradise. By coincidence, he winds up getting a ride with Vic and Caesar, who are holding his mother hostage. Bill shows them his mother\'s picture, whereupon Vic tries to shoot him so he can get the money Bill has in the bag. Bill jumps out of the car and escapes, rescued by Dave, Alvin, and Merlin. They try to get the money back into the bank but trigger the alarm through using the wrong safe door key. They then give the money to a church with a letter requesting to return it to the town\'s people. Trying to get away, Ed and Clovis, who had sold the Firpoes the ski masks before the robbery, recognize them and want the money for themselves. Ed and Clovis therefore go with Bill, Dave, and Alvin to the Anderson house. Vic and Caesar are there and knock Ed out, then take Clovis and the Firpoes hostage, along with everyone else there. The police sees the license plates in front of the Anderson house of a stolen car and therefore order Vic and Caesar to come out with their hands held up. While the inmates are busy figuring out what to do, they get attacked by the chief\'s son who immobilizes Caesar and shoots Vic. The police rush into the house and take everyone to the office. There, FBI agent Peyser  tries to figure out what happened and because the town\'s people hide what they know about Bill, Alvin, and Dave and the church pastor returns the money to the police, they release them. Bill stays in Paradise to be with Sarah Collins , Vic\'s daughter and a tenant of the Andersons, while Alvin and Dave return with their mother to New York.'] ['In the middle of the Great Depression, Clyde Barrow  and Bonnie Parker  meet when Clyde tries to steal Bonnie\'s mother\'s car. Bonnie, who is bored by her job as a waitress, is intrigued with Clyde, and decides to take up with him and become his partner in crime. They pull off some holdups, but their amateur efforts, while exciting, are not very lucrative. The duo\'s crime spree shifts into high gear once they hook up with a dim-witted gas station attendant, C.W. Moss , then with Clyde\'s older brother Buck  and his wife, Blanche , a preacher\'s daughter. The women dislike each other on first sight, and their feud only escalates from there: shrill Blanche has nothing but disdain for Bonnie, Clyde and C.W., while gun-moll Bonnie sees Blanche\'s flighty presence as a constant danger to the gang\'s well-being. Bonnie and Clyde turn from pulling small-time heists to robbing banks. Their exploits also become more violent. When C.W. botches a bank robbery by parallel parking the getaway car, Clyde shoots the bank manager in the face after he jumps onto the slow-moving car\'s running board. The gang is pursued by law enforcement, including Texas Ranger Frank Hamer , who is captured and humiliated by the outlaws, then set free. A raid later catches the outlaws off guard, mortally wounding Buck with a gruesome shot to his head and injuring Blanche. Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. barely escape with their lives. With Blanche sightless and in police custody, Hamer tricks her into revealing C.W.\'s name, who was up until now still only an "unidentified suspect." Hamer locates Bonnie, Clyde and C.W. hiding at the house of C.W.\'s father Ivan Moss , who thinks the couple — and an ornate tattoo — have corrupted his son. He strikes a bargain with Hamer: in exchange for leniency for the boy, he helps set a trap for the outlaws. When Bonnie and Clyde stop on the side of the road to help Mr. Moss fix a flat tire, the police in the bushes open fire and riddle them violently. Hamer and his posse then come out of hiding, looking pensively at the couple\'s bodies.'] ['The plot revolves around a jewel heist, where by coincidence three groups of thieves; four experienced criminals, two beautiful bank clerks and one desperate penniless man nearing retirement, try to steal a large emerald in the bank’s safe on the same day. The film unfolds in a series of flashbacks from each of the characters’ perspectives, revealed by the suspects through a series of police interrogations. Two detectives must piece together seemingly unrelated people and clues and determine who really stole the Meidan-i-Noor – an emerald the size of a fist.'] ['Douglas plays a safe cracker who has just been released from prison. His faithful and beautiful wife has waited for his release. He attempts what he plans to be one last burglary of a safe in the top floor of a Hamburg building. He calculates that even if unsuccessful, a prison sentence would be manageable. However, he miscalculates when a building guard is killed by accident, something that will result in a life sentence. He is led away by police as his wife looks on.'] ["During a hostage incident on a bridge, Detective York accidentally shoots and kills the hostage, and Detective Conners , his partner, shoots the criminal. York is fired, and Conners suspended. Months later, Lorenz  and four other criminals take hostages in a bank and demand to negotiate with Conners, who is reinstated for that purpose, but put under the surveillance of a new partner, the young Inspector Dekker . Conners shuts power down to open the doors and let a SWAT unit in, but there is an explosion, and the criminals flee using the ensuing panic and chaos. A TV camera had caught a shot of one of the criminals, who is arrested together with his girlfriend at her home, where banknotes are found with a scent used to mark evidence collected by the police. Banknote serial numbers show that they were requested from evidence storage by Inspector Callo, who had testified against York and Conners about the bridge incident, and is soon found shot dead in his home, in possession of incriminating evidence. Dekker finds from surveillance cameras in the assaulted bank that a director's computer had been used by the robbers. It turns out that they installed a virus to transfer one billion dollars to their accounts ; this had not yet been noticed up until this point because one of the cameras  is momentarily tilted down a little bit, which is visibly noticed during playback of the tapes. The author of the virus is identified as a programmer with criminal record, who is then found dead at his home. Dekker makes the bank robber who had been caught confess that Lorenz is the brother of the criminal Conners shot dead on the bridge and gives an address where he is to meet the two other robbers that night. The police suspects Lorenz wants to kill his accomplices, and indeed the house explodes, killing them together with Conners . Dekker is devastated but receives another call from Lorenz, who eventually says Callo was insignificant in his plan. Dekker then finds that Callo's signature requesting material from the evidence storage was forged and makes the officer who gave it away confess that Lorenz is actually York, who, outraged at his being fired, became a criminal. He stole Lorenz's identity. His cell phone is tracked, he is caught, and as he offers resistance is shot dead. Finally, Dekker finds that a banknote he was given by Conners to pay a lunch is also scented, and realises that he was involved with York. Conners had survived the explosion he himself had triggered to kill his accomplices, and had put his police badge in the dead body of the criminal whose identity Lorenz had assumed, so as to pass as dead and run away. This is confirmed by Dekker as he searches Conners's house and finds incriminating evidence. He goes to an airport to arrest Conners before he escapes, but Conners phones him, compliments him on his sagacity, and escapes. The title is connected to chaos theory, as all the seemingly chaotic and unrelated events in the beginning of the film are actually linked to each other."] ['Jewel thief Jack Rhodes, a.k.a. "Jack of Diamonds," is masterminding a heist of $30 million worth of uncut gems. He also has his eye on lovely Gillian Bromley, who becomes a part of the gang he is forming to pull off the daring robbery. Chief Inspector Cyril Willis from Scotland Yard, however, is blackmailing Gillian, threatening her with prosecution on another theft if she doesn\'t cooperate in helping him bag the elusive Rhodes, the last jewel in his crown before the Chief Inspector formally retires from duty.'] ["Warden Sven 'The Swede' Sorenson  is a malicious warden of the county, illegally executing some of his worst prisoners. Everybody in town hates and is scared of him, except his twin daughters . Swede's twins tell their father they're pregnant, lying so he pushes their dim boyfriends, Bud Dyerson  and Larry , into shotgun marriages. He also turns his sons-in-law into slave laborers, so Bud hatches an escape plan to rob a train carrying old bills to the mint for burning. Larry is his reluctant accomplice. When Bud is captured, he is railroaded into Swede's small-town and dangerous jail by the Judge  and Swede. His death looks certain, until he hatches yet another plan that requires Larry's help. Meanwhile, Judge's Daughter and FBI Agent Karen Polarski , while able to land Bud in federal prison, repeatedly comes to his aid."] ['Jack, Steve and Goat are East End London "spivs"  who spend their days wheeling and dealing whenever and wherever they can. But not until they\'re landed with the juicy payoff they have been waiting for, involving a shady character who calls himself Villa, do they realize the trouble they\'ve gotten themselves into. After opening a truck door thing they discover they weren\'t smuggling merchandise, rather they were smuggling people. The people run out of the cargo area. Jack is mad at Steve for not checking. Then suddenly they discover two small children a girl and a boy. Now they are in even more trouble.'] [" Career criminal Neil McCauley  and his crew—Chris Shiherlis , Michael Cheritto , Trejo , and new member Waingro ([[Kevin Gage —perpetrate an armored car heist, stealing $1.6 million in bearer bonds from money launderer Roger Van Zant . During the heist, Waingro impulsively kills one of the guards, forcing the crew to eliminate the remaining two guards out of necessity. An infuriated McCauley tries to kill Waingro afterwards, but he escapes. McCauley's fence Nate  sets up a meeting with Van Zant to sell the bonds back. Van Zant ostensibly agrees but instructs his men to kill McCauley as a warning to other thieves. With backup from his crew, McCauley thwarts the ambush and vows revenge. Lieutenant Vincent Hanna  of the LAPD Robbery-Homicide Division heads the investigation of the armored car heist and learns McCauley's crew plans to rob a precious metals depository next. Hanna and his unit stake out the depository, but when an officer inadvertently makes a noise, McCauley is tipped off, and the crew abandons the robbery. Despite the police surveillance, McCauley and his crew decide to go through with a bank holdup with an estimated $12 million payoff. Waingro is revealed to be a serial killer of prostitutes, with his latest victim falling under Hanna's jurisdiction. Hanna discovers that his wife Justine  is having an affair and moves to a hotel, and McCauley catches Charlene Shiherlis  cheating on Chris with Alan Marciano , a Las Vegas liquor salesman with a criminal past. Hanna deliberately intercepts McCauley during a surveillance operation and invites him to coffee, where he concedes the problems of his personal life; his concern for his depressed stepdaughter Lauren  and the failure of his third marriage due to his obsession with work. Likewise, McCauley confesses that life as a criminal forbids attachments and stresses mobility, making his relationship with his girlfriend Eady  tenuous. Having met face to face, Hanna and McCauley share a mutual respect but readily admit that neither will hesitate to kill the other if the circumstances demand it. Trejo is compromised just hours before the bank robbery. In need of a new getaway driver, McCauley recruits Donald Breeden , an ex-convict frustrated with his demoralizing position as a short order cook at a diner. Hanna's unit is alerted to the robbery in-progress by a confidential informant and surprises McCauley's crew as they exit the bank. Cherrito, Breeden, and several police officers, including Detective Bosko , are killed in the ensuing shootout. McCauley narrowly escapes with an injured Chris, who had been shot in the shoulder by Detective Cassals , and leaves him with a doctor  to treat his wounds. He tracks down Trejo, whom he finds at his home beaten to a bloody pulp. Trejo admits that Van Zant's men called in the tip on the robbery from information Waingro provided. McCauley finishes off Trejo at his own request, then hunts down and kills Van Zant. He makes new arrangements to flee to New Zealand with Eady, who is now fully aware of his criminal activities. The police surveil Waingro in a hotel near Los Angeles International Airport, and Hanna attempts to bait McCauley into coming out of hiding by releasing Waingro's whereabouts to the network of bookies, bail bondsmen, and snitches he hopes will spread the word. Charlene leaves Chris and goes with Marciano to a police safe house, where Sergeant Drucker  threatens to charge her as an accomplice and to send her son to a foster home if she does not betray Chris to the police. Charlene initially agrees, but, when Chris shows up in disguise, she surreptitiously warns him about the police presence, and he slips through the dragnet. Hanna finds Lauren unconscious in his hotel room from a suicide attempt and rushes her to the hospital. As he and Justine wait in the lobby for the news of her recovery, they admit their marriage will never work. McCauley and Eady are en route to the airport when Nate calls with Waingro's location, and the temptation proves to be too much for the normally disciplined McCauley, who risks his assured freedom by detouring to exact his revenge. McCauley infiltrates the hotel, creates a distraction by pulling a fire alarm, and kills Waingro. Moments away from escape, he is forced to abandon Eady when he spots Hanna approaching in the crowd. Hanna chases McCauley into a field outside the LAX freight terminal, and mortally wounds him. He then holds McCauley's hand as he dies."] ['In 1969, Martin Brice and his friend Cosmo have broken into a university\'s computer and are now hacking into other computer networks. Martin leaves to get a pizza and witnesses the police enter the building and arrest Cosmo. Martin then goes on the run. Twenty years later, Martin, now using the alias "Martin Bishop", runs a tiger team of security specialists who use unorthodox methods of testing physical and electronic security for companies in San Francisco. The team includes: Donald Crease, a former CIA officer and high-strung family man; Darryl "Mother" Roskow, a conspiracy theorist with unsurpassed technical skills and dexterity; Carl Arbogast, a young genius; and Erwin "Whistler" Emory, a blind phone phreak with an acute sense of hearing. One day, Martin is approached by two National Security Agency officers, Dick Gordon and Buddy Wallace, who reveal they are aware of Martin\'s past and true identity. In exchange for clearing his record, as well as a sizable cash payment, they ask Martin to recover a "black box" decoder device that mathematician Dr. Gunter Janek has supposedly been developing for the Russian government under the guise of a company called "Setec Astronomy." Martin recruits his former girlfriend, Liz, a pianist/piano teacher who knows about his double life, to help. His team is ultimately successful in locating and retrieving the box. Whistler becomes curious as to the box\'s function and begins to examine it with Mother and Carl\'s help. They learn that the box contains an advanced algorithm that can essentially break any encryption code, which they prove by breaking into the computer systems of the Federal Aviation Administration, the national power grid, and other heavily secured networks. At the same time, Martin and Liz, along with Crease and his wife, figure out while playing Scrabble that an anagram of "Setec Astronomy" is "too many secrets". Quickly realizing that any government in the world would kill to possess the box, Crease orders a lockdown of the building until they can return the device to the NSA. When Martin and Crease meet the agents to exchange the device, Crease discovers that Janek has been murdered, and interrupts the exchange. The two flee the scene, but only after an unknowing Martin had given the box to the men. They soon learn that Gordon and Wallace were never NSA agents, and that Janek was working on the box for the NSA. Martin turns to a friend from the Russian Consulate, Gregor, who is able to identify Gordon and Wallace as rogue agents. Before Gregor can reveal who they are working for, his limo is pulled over by fake FBI agents, who murder Gregor, and kidnap Martin, framing him for the crime. Martin awakes in an office to find his old friend Cosmo, once thought to have died in prison, alive and well. Cosmo reveals that he developed ties with an organized crime family while incarcerated. Using his hacking skills for their benefit, their influence helped him escape prison and become quite wealthy. He goes on to reveal that he is behind the fake agents, and that he wants the box so that he can destabilize the world\'s economy, thus bringing about the total anarchy the two had believed in back in 1969. Cosmo offers Martin the chance to work with him, but Martin refuses. Bitter over being abandoned by Martin, Cosmo uses the black box to break into the FBI database and connect Martin\'s current alias with his real name, then has his men dump Martin in the city. Martin reunites with his crew and they relocate to Liz\'s apartment. They call the NSA using call routing to prevent tracing and offer to recover the box in exchange for amnesty. While discussing the situation with NSA supervisor Bernard Abbott, their location is almost traced and they decide to steal the box themselves to use as leverage, after they learn that Abbott cannot guarantee their safety without the box. With Whistler\'s help, Martin is able to recreate the route during his kidnapping to a toy company, which is a front for Cosmo\'s schemes. The team identifies Cosmo\'s office, its security features, and the route to enter it, through a neighboring office belonging to nerdy and straight-arrow toy designer Werner Brandes. To obtain the necessary vocal passkeys, the team convinces Liz to go on a rigged computer date with Brandes. Eventually, Brandes becomes suspicious of Liz\'s actions, and brings her to Cosmo; when Liz offhandedly mentions her dissatisfaction with computer dating, Cosmo immediately suspects a plot, realizes Martin is up to something, and locks down the facility. Cosmo tracks Martin to the building\'s rooftop where the rest of the team is escaping, and demands the box at gunpoint. Martin reluctantly hands over the box, tells Cosmo that 1969 had been a prank rather than a cause, and departs. They are gone before Cosmo discovers that Martin has given him a duplicate box. When Martin and his team return to their offices, they are surrounded by armed NSA agents led by Abbott. Martin realizes that the box will only work on American encryption codes, and that the NSA wants it to spy on other U.S. agencies. Before Martin hands over the box, he asks that his record be cleared, and Abbott agrees. Martin prompts the other team members to demand their own personal desires, with Abbott ultimately unable to refuse. Crease get tickets for himself and his wife to go to Portugal, Madrid, Athens and Tahiti. Mother gets a Winnebago with burgundy interior. Carl gets the telephone number of an attractive female NSA officer, and Whistler asks that the government make "peace on earth and goodwill to all men". The box is handed over, but after the agents leave, Martin reveals he took out the key processor that contains the critical algorithm, rendering it useless. In a postscript, we find out somebody has used the processor to steal money from the Republican National Committee, driving it to bankruptcy, and used the stolen money to make massive anonymous donations to Amnesty International, Greenpeace and the United Negro College Fund.'] ["Grimm, dressed as a clown, robs a bank in midtown Manhattan. He ingeniously sets up a hostage situation and then slips away with an enormous sum of money and his accomplices: girlfriend Phyllis and best friend Loomis. The heist itself is comparatively straightforward and easy, but the getaway turns into a nightmare. The relatively simple act of getting to the airport to catch a flight out of the city is complicated by the fact that fate, luck and all of New York City appears to be conspiring against their escape. For starters, the trio is seeking the Brooklyn-Queens Expressway to get the airport, but the signs were taken during construction work, resulting in the three robbers becoming lost in an unfamiliar part of the city. Then, a con-artist/thief robs the trio of everything they have . When changing into new clothes, they are almost gunned down by the stressed incoming tenant of Phyllis' apartment, as members of the fire department respond to a call by pushing their hydrant-blocking car out of the way only to make it roll into a ditch. When the three crooks eventually manage to flag down a cab, the driver is hopelessly non-fluent in English. This leads Loomis to jumping out of the moving cab to grab another, but he runs into a newsstand and the driver leaves, thinking he's killed Loomis. An anal-retentive bus driver, a run-in with mobsters and Phyllis' increasing desperation to tell Grimm the news that she is pregnant with his child add further complications. All the while, Rotzinger, a world-weary but relentless chief of the New York City Police Department, is doggedly attempting to nab the fleeing trio. A final confrontation on board an airliner at the airport occurs between the robbers and the chief, who gets the added prize of having a major crime-boss dropped in his lap."] ['Nelson  having since turned his life around from the days of robbing banks, now runs an insurance business with his girlfriend. His past comes back to haunt him when an ex-partner from the old days frames him for burglary. When his father, whom Nelson used to rob banks with, gets out of prison, the pair go after the individual who set up Nelson.'] ['"Alphonse" Askett  is a hairdresser who is also the operational leader of a gang of crooks who are led behind the scenes by an invisible mastermind . He gives instructions to Askett about the robbery, Operation Windfall, using a variety of James Bond-like communications devices—including a converted showerhead. The crooks hide the loot in Hamingwell Grange, a deserted country mansion, and after waiting for the hue and cry to die down they return to collect the numerous mailbags which contain £2.5 million . However, following a Labour Party election triumph, the house has been converted into a new home for St Trinian\'s School for Girls. The crooks decide to infiltrate the school by sending Askett’s delinquent daughters, Lavinia and Marcia Mary, to St Trinian’s as pupils, with instructions to case the joint in order to find a means of recovering the money, secretly, from its hiding place. The crooks\' subsequent attempt to retrieve the mailbags on Parents\' Day, disguised as caterers, results in a climactic train chase between the robbers and the girls. A sub-plot is the affair between the headmistress of St Trinian\'s and the Minister, who uses his influence to corruptly obtain a large government grant for re-housing the school, following the latest fire, thus enabling it to move into the mansion. This angers his staff who are normally Conservatives but who, early in the film, are seen excitedly watching Labour win the election, as they believe St Trinians will be shut down by a Labour government. This aspect of the story was probably the reason why the Ministry of Education became the fictional "Ministry of Schools" in this film, to avoid a possible action for defamation by the real Minister of Education.{{Citation needed}}'] ["Hollywood hopeful Tom Murphy and his posse of pals conspire to get into the big leagues. Pinning their hopes of industry success on Tom's famous girlfriend starring in their first feature, falls to pieces when she dumps him. Tom and his pals learn of another possibility and devise a plan to steal a fenced case of government issued marijuana, return it to the FBI and use the reward money to finance their movie. Little do they know a scorned girlfriend and her deaf mute brother have other plans."] ["A group of high school friends from suburban Pittsburgh—Carl , Polly , Chauncey  and Jackson —are about to graduate. Polly and Chauncey are dating, Carl needs a date to prom and Jackson doesn't seem to know what to do with his life. When Carl's mom becomes ill and needs $100,000 for surgery, Polly comes up with a plan: rob her dad's bank. The plan seems foolproof, and graduation is the perfect alibi; all the kids need to do is steal the keys to the bank's vault. However, things get complicated when Carl falls in love with a bank teller named Suzi and Polly falls in love with Jackson. Through it all--including an unforeseen hostage crisis--the friends learn a lot about themselves."] ["Tom and Joe are disillusioned New York cops who decide to pull off one big robbery in their uniforms and retire on the proceeds. Bearer bonds are what the local Mafia boss will buy, so that's what they go for. Central Park is the location for the switch. Can they come out of it with their lives and the money?"] [' Slim , Frank , Otis  and Alex  are a group of youthful bank robbers who commit their crimes anonymously and in innovative ways involving extreme sports such as skating and snowboarding. The group evade capture from the police, led by Lieutenant Macgruder , and plan even more daring robberies. But an anonymous individual seems to know who they all are and threatens to inform the police unless they undertake a robbery for him. Subsequently, the Mafia, represented by underworld enforcer Surtayne , instruct the group to work for them, otherwise they will be killed. At the same time, Slim becomes romantically involved with Karen , a detective who distrusts Lieutenant Macgruder and believes that he is not doing all he can to find the bank robbers and bring them to justice. Ultimately Slim, the leader and brains of the group, hatches a plan for their final retirement: five consecutive burglaries, in five days, involving 20 million dollars. In the process of executing the robberies, the group turn the tables on the anonymous individual  and the Mafia and escape with all of the money that they have stolen, to a foreign country. Karen comes to realise that Slim is one of the bank robbers but consoles herself with the arrest of Lieutenant Macgruder, as Otis had managed to plant some of the stolen money in his office while posing as a cleaner.'] ['London-based gangster George Thomason  and his right-hand man, Ken Pile , a beleaguered animal lover with a bad stutter, plan a jewel heist. They bring in two Americans to help: an alluring con artist, Wanda Gershwitz  and their "weapons man" Otto West , an Anglophobe who fancies himself as an intellectual. Wanda and Otto are lovers, but hide this fact from George and Ken, pretending to be brother and sister, so Wanda can work her charms on them. The robbery goes well, with the thieves getting away with a large sum in diamonds. The only problem is that they are briefly spotted during their getaway by an old lady walking her dogs. The group then hide the loot in a safe in an old warehouse. Soon after, Wanda and Otto betray George to the police and he is arrested. They return to collect the loot, only to find that George and Ken have moved it to an unknown location. Wanda, who was planning to double-cross Otto as well, decides to seduce George\'s unhappily married lawyer, Archie Leach , to find out where the diamonds are located. Otto becomes insanely jealous, and his interference, combined with incidences of bad luck, lead Wanda and Archie\'s liaisons to go disastrously wrong. Archie eventually calls off their attempted affair. Meanwhile, George gives Ken the task of killing the old lady, the Crown\'s only eye witness. During his various attempts to kill her, the animal-loving Ken accidentally kills off her three Yorkshire Terriers one by one. This causes him grief, as well as grave bodily harm as each attempt goes wrong. However, the witness suffers a fatal heart attack when her last Terrier is killed, and Ken is ultimately successful in his mission. Wanda and Otto want George to remain in jail, but with no witness he may get off. During the course of George\'s trial, Wanda gives evidence that will lead to a conviction rather than an acquittal. Archie, stunned by the unexpected turn in her evidence, flubs his cross-examination and inadvertently calls her "darling". Enraged, George starts a brawl that leads to everyone fleeing the courtroom. Archie\'s wife Wendy  is sitting in the observer\'s area, and Archie\'s antics confirm her suspicions of his affair . After George is taken into custody, she confronts Archie and states that she plans to divorce him. With his career ruined and his marriage about to end, Archie resolves to cut his losses, find the loot, and flee with Wanda to South America. Promised less jail time, George tells Archie that Ken knows the location of the diamonds. As he is leaving to question Ken, Archie picks up Wanda while she attempts to flee the courthouse. Archie tells her he knows that Ken is aware of the hiding spot, and Wanda counters by noting she has the key to the safe deposit box. While the courtroom drama is unfolding, Otto has been trying to get Ken to reveal the location of the diamonds. He tortures Ken by eating the fish in his aquarium one-by-one, leaving the fish called Wanda until the end. In the process, Ken accidentally mentions the location of the diamonds at a hotel near Heathrow Airport. Otto is leaving just as Archie runs into the building; Otto steals Archie\'s car, taking Wanda with him. Ken tells Archie, as quickly as he can given his stutter, where they are going. The two give chase. The protagonists all end up in Heathrow. Otto and Wanda recover the diamonds, but Wanda quickly double-crosses Otto and locks him in a cupboard. Otto escapes and is briefly captured by Archie, only to turn the tables. He is about to kill Archie, but Archie manages to distract Otto by pointing out that Americans are not always winners - as shown by their loss to North Vietnam in the Vietnam war. While they are arguing, Otto is run over by a steamroller driven by Ken, seeking vengeance for the live fish Otto ate. Archie joins Wanda on board the plane, which taxis for takeoff. Through the plane window, Otto  curses them until, as the plane takes off, he finally drops off.'] ['A bank temporarily housed in a mobile home while a new building is built, looks like an easy target to break into. On the other hand, why not steal the whole bank, and rob it in a safer location?'] ['Daniel Foray  is the leader of an unusual group of burglars in Paris. When Daniel is instructed by his boss to go to Chicago to pull off an easy home robbery it seems simple enough. However, when the group arrives in Chicago, the mission quickly turns into a fiasco. First, the group has a run in with a local gang of street thugs. Then, the group\'s "keep a low profile" stay with Sophie Nicols  is disrupted by a noisy neighbour. To make matters worse, while preparing for the burglary the group steals a car which belongs to a Latino street gang... After breaking into the house, tying up the owner and cracking the safe, the group realise that they have burgled the wrong house! The house in fact belongs to Frankie Zammeti  an under boss of the Chicago Mafia who vows revenge. The group desperately tries to flee the city and return to Paris, all the while being hotly pursued by the Mafia, the Latino gang, the Chicago police, and the FBI who had Zammeti\'s house under surveillance. An excellent, action comedy with many plot twists and a mix of lighthearted and darker moments.'] ['{{Plot}} The story begins on Christmas with two foster brothers John  and Charlie  who work as transit cops, patrolling a subway in New York City. When a mugging occurs, and John and Charlie chase the mugger into the subway tunnel, all trains traveling in their direction are halted. But the harsh transit captain Donald Patterson ([[Robert Blake , allows the money train  to continue stating "nothing stops the money train". John and Charlie survive getting hit by the train, however when the transit police at the next station witness the mugger running to the train, they shoot the mugger dead thinking the incident to be a robbery. The mugger is revealed to be a young teenage boy, which creates a brawl between John, Charlie, and the other transit offices, so as a result Patterson blames to the two for causing his money train to arrive late taking it as a personal sign of disrespect. After leaving the station, Charlie asks John to borrow some money in order to buy him a Christmas present. When John accepts, Charlie instead uses the money to pay off his gambling debts to the sleazy night club owner Mr. Brown. When the deal does not go as planned, Mr. Brown intends to have Charlie killed by throwing him off the edge of the building, but John bursts in and interrupts the process. John tells Mr. Brown that he has the money for him that Charlie already owes him, but Mr. Brown reveals to John that Charlie is in $15,000 in debt. John makes an agreement to have the money delivered to him within several days and to pay Mr. Brown the $300 he has brought, but have no harm done to Charlie. Mr. Brown accepts and lets Charlie live. During their night shift, John and Charlie are introduced to Grace Santiago , a decoy transit officer just assigned to their unit who both brothers immediately take a liking to. During their patrol, a serial killer known as the Torch ([[Chris Cooper  robs a station pay booth, then sets it on fire after spraying it with gasoline. John and Charlie both rescue the pay booth worker and put out the fire, but the Torch manages to escape. Afterwards John, Charlie, and Grace take the rest of the afternoon off at the local bar, where Charlie reveals his plan to rob the money train in order to pay off their debts. John does not agree with the situation, saying it to be impossible. Later that night, the two brothers and Grace are assigned to patrol the money train which the other officers do not feel comfortable with. While Charlie discovers a metal grate in the floor along with a ladder leading out to Central Park, a brawl breaks out between John and another officer over who was standing in his position, causing the entire squad getting involved. Patterson again blames the two for the incident and also rudely accuses them for the loss of some money when the train arrived, but even after it is found that a collection agent miscounted the money, Patterson still continues to be harsh towards them. At the local bar, Charlie tells John that robbing the money train would still work and that the best time would be on New Year\'s Eve, not only because the subway security will be loosened, but it is the time when the subway makes highest profit during the year: up to $500,000. The plan involves entering the train through the metal grate when the train has stopped, driving it to the maintenance ladder, and escaping into Central Park. John doesn\'t find it right to steal and while he proceeds to buy a drink, sees Grace dancing in the back ally where two agree to share a dance together, but John abruptly ends the dance and goes back into the bar. When John and Grace meet later at a local gym, Grace asks why he left her last night which was because he was worried about Charlie. Later that day, John gives Charlie a gift that he had been saving for him; the $15,000 that he needs to payback Mr. Brown. In the train, an old lady bumps into Charlie. Charlie helps her and as the next station approaches he spots a guy stealing a man\'s wallet. Charlie handcuffs the robber to overhead bar and while he advises the victim about what\'s the safest place to keep valuables, he realizes that the old lady made away with his $15000. But it\'s too late and the train continues its journey while Charlie sees the old lady hastly exiting the station. Charlie comes back home dejected and when he looks at John\'s house from his window, he sees Grace and John sleeping together. John notices this and while he tries to explain, Charlie walks off saying he\'s happy for him, although he feels like a loser. One evening an ambush is setup to nab Torch, where Grace disguises to be the attendant at the station pay booth. Torch notices this and to distract all the officers, pushes a policeman onto a running train. John leaves Charlie to keep an eye on Grace, and proceeds with the other officers to the spot where the policeman was killed. Torch then returns to the booth and sprays gasoline on Grace. Charlie fails to notice this as he keeps looking at the accident spot. But before Torch could light her up, Charlie alerts the other officers and shots are fired at Torch. Torch starts running and is chased by Charlie and John. John pursues him into another station and gets into a brawl with Torch. In the fight, Torch gets burnt due to the gasoline he\'s carrying and while he tries to ram into John, he\'s pushed onto a moving train. Patterson fires Charlie for all the commotion that was caused during the chase and when John speaks in favor of Charlie, he fires John too. Charlie decides to go ahead with his robbery plan and to let John know about this leaves him a gift at the bar. The gift is the money train model that Charlie had earlier stolen from Patterson. John is reluctant to do anything about this but Grace persuades him to save Charlie from trouble. When the money train stops at one of the stations; Charlie enters the train from beneath it and rides away leaving all the officers behind. Charlies stops the train near the maintenance ladder and while he tries to escape with the money, spots a group of policemen and hence is unable to escape. Meanwhile John reaches the train and persuades him to drive further to prevent being arrested. Knowing that Patterson will anyway direct his team to trip the train\'s brakes, the duo agrees to bleed the brakes. Patterson then orders steel barricades to stop the train. But John increases the speed to its maximum so that the train smashes the barricade. With no more options left, Transit control officer Kowalski  calls the money train a runaway and starts clearing tracks. But instead, Patterson diverts the money train onto a track that is occupied by a passenger train believing that the brothers will have no choice to but to stop when they see the other train ahead. But since the money train can\'t stop the resulting impact would cause a derailment killing the lives of people which Patterson takes no interest in. The train is now on full speed, without brakes and heading for danger. The brothers decide that the only option left is to put the train on reverse but doing so will definitely derail the money train killing both of them but allowing the others to live. Charlie comes up with an idea and positions an iron bar in such a way that the next time the money train rams the other train, the bar trips the reverse lever. Both of them climb on top of the train and proceed to the front. Once the train rams,the reverse level is activated and both brothers jump across to the other train as the money train derails, spinning through the tunnel and crashes in a huge wreck with Patterson watching in horror. Both of them try to escape through the commotion but are spotted by Patterson  They pretend to have come to help him, but Patterson rudely insults them. Fed up by his constant behaviour towards them, the brothers take their revenge and punch Patterson across the face. As he shouts out to his team to arrest them for assault, Grace comes rushing and arrests Patterson for endangering the lives of innocent people. When the two brothers exit the station they are right on Times Square where the countdown for the New Year has just begun. John, while hugging Charlie, realizes he has stuffed himself with a money bag amounting to $536,435.'] ['{{Plot}} Prison psychologist Willis Embry reports for work at a New Jersey jail. His day has not gone well - his apartment has just been burgled and his girlfriend left him by placing a message on his answering machine. His group therapy meeting with a bunch of inmates goes no better. Cellmates Lyle and \'Handsome\' Harry in particular seem beyond help. In a private meeting later with a cancer-striken elderly convict named \'Trick\', who has only a few weeks to live, Embry is taken into his confidence about a job pulled many years earlier when he and some friends stole some $8.5million of Mafia money from a casino skim bank. As his last request, he says that Embry can have half, and give the other half to a female friend named Louise. He tells Embry to go to Cherry Hill and dig down seven feet in the basement of a house on Pleasant Street, number 7322. Unbeknown to them however, Lyle is listening in the cell next-door, though he fails to hear the house number correctly, putting down 7320 instead. Meanwhile, over at number 7322, things are not going well. Jessie Lodge and her husband Albert are in the middle of a rather messy divorce, and Albert\'s way of dividing things in half involves taking a chainsaw to a piano. Across the road neighbours Jeffrey Babbit and Lydia Nunn are supposed to be writing their latest best-selling book, but spend most of their time spying on their neighbours with binoculars from their front window. They are also spying on Norman and Peedi Rutledge, who live at number 7320. Later, a jailbreak is being made from prison, with former armed robber Marvin helping Lyle and Harry escape from the joint. They disguise themselves as landscape gardeners. Marvin has left behind a surprise for Willis at his flat, a tripwire attached to a bomb. Laden with heavy groceries, Willis drops them on the floor and notices a tin rolling across the floor to the wire, just managing to jump clear from the building in time which is engulfed by a huge explosion. The neighbors and police think he is dead, despite there being no sign of a body. Next morning Norman Rutledge is about to leave for work in his car when a landscape gardeners van blocks his exit, and Lyle, Harry and Marvin emerge to take him back inside, where Norman\'s wife Peedi is also taken hostage. The couple are questioned about the floor in their basement and the three circles and a triangle that should mark the spot of the treasure. Circles or no circles, the crooks decide to dig in the basement anyway. Meanwhile, Embry arrives next door at number 7322 and poses as a furnace engineer to get inside Jessie Lodge\'s house and scout the basement for the digging spot. When she realises he isn\'t an engineer however, she throws him out. Marvin meanwhile is out of pills. Without them he is quite psychotic, and even Harry wonders if he should have a word with him about the explosion at Embry\'s apartment. Norman points out that Jeffrey and Lydia are probably the nosiest neighbours in the world, and using a pneumatic drill makes a terrible racket. He suggests using a lawnmower to mask the noise. Marvin eventually agrees, and tells Lyle to get outside and mow. Indeed, Jeffrey and Lydia have already noticed the van, and are wondering how the Rutledges can afford a gardener. Jeffrey is also wondering how Lydia managed to phone Marty Rollins without looking his phone number up. Over at the Rutledge\'s house, Harry and Peedi are starting to get on quite well and the former is very much in love with her. Peedi for her part is suitably charmed by the attention. Her marriage to Norman it seems has been a sham for some time, and they haven\'t shared a bed together for many years. Norman meanwhile is making yet more advice about moving the van, suggesting that the neighbours need to see that it is "business as usual". Willis meanwhile is still trying to get into Jessie\'s house and breaks into the basement. Just as she is about to call the police, Willis reveals the story about the $8.5 million, and says that he\'ll share his half with her 50/50. She agrees, they find the spot and start to dig. Night falls, and Peedi and Norman spend the night handcuffed together and later admits to Harry that she has never spent the night tied up before. They are both becoming attracted to each other, as are Willis and Jessie. Harry asks what "Peedi" is short for, and she reveals it stands for Penelope Diane. A suspicious Jeffrey meanwhile phones up Marty Rollins and accuses him of having an affair with his wife. Next morning, Lydia\'s daughter Swan is out collecting her paperboy money. She is suspicious not only of Lyle, still doing the gardening at number 7320, but also of Jessie and Willis at number 7322 as she looks into the window in the basement and sees them digging a mysterious hole. Jessie is also having problems keeping Marty at bay, as he continues to try and bring possible buyers to the house, while her estranged husband Albert also shows up again, though Willis pretends to be her lover and sends him packing. Later that evening, Marvin hears a noise from next door and sends Lyle to investigate. He notices Willis next door, and the trio of criminals soon realise that they are at the wrong house. Norman uses this event to his advantage and offers his help. He moves a jukebox from the wall and opens a door into a secret room full of contraband and weapons. He proposes a deal - they join forces and launch an assault next door to take the money by force. Lyle is not happy, but Marvin agrees, and Norman takes charge. After a failed attempt at taking the house by force when they are repelled by a crossbow, Norman orders that their existing hole be turned into a tunnel and be extended next door. After buying some more time, Jessie and Willis meanwhile, continue digging. Not long after Lyle and Harry break through in their tunnel but come up instead in Jessie\'s swimming pool, with the water coming back through into the basement. Peedi, still handcuffed to a chair, is released by Harry with a hacksaw before the room becomes completely flooded. Norman is nowhere to be seen. A suspicious Albert has already called in the police, and Marvin and Lyle attempt to do a runner from the front door with Lyle disguised as a woman. After initially coming out of their front door with their hands up, Willis and Jessie realise that the police are only interested in events next door, but Marty has already noticed their suspicious behavior. Norman meanwhile emerges from Jessie\'s empty swimming pool in full scuba gear. As events move towards their climax, Harry gives himself up to the police, while Lyle and Marvin\'s disguise is blown and they are arrested. Willis and Jessie find the money, but first Norman and then Marty try to steal it from them. In the end it is young Swan who knocks Marty out and the trio escape out the front door. The money is found to be wet, gone to mush and therefore completely useless. Jessie and Willis though have not broken any laws and are free to go. Just as Marty is dragged away, Jeffrey pulls a gun of his own, and accuses him of sleeping with Lydia. She says that she knew his phone number because it was on the \'for sale\' board, so Jeffrey too joins the ranks of the arrested, although Marty and Lydia exchange a sly nod and a wink as he is led into the paddy wagon. Even Norman doesn\'t make a clean getaway, as he attempts to escape on young Swan\'s bicycle. Peedi calls him the biggest crook of all, and instead gives Handsome Harry a kiss as he is led away and promises to write to him. Later, as they sit together in the hole in their basement and realise their true love for each other, Willis and Jessie notice a large bag of hidden gold coins. The film ends as Jessie and Willis drive off into the sun together to fulfil his bargain to \'Trick\' and give half of the money to the mysterious Louise.'] ['Surfer dude and occasional thief Jack Ryan takes a baseball bat to the head of the menacing Lou Harris, a foreman on a Hawaii construction site run by corrupt millionaire Ray Ritchie. The police and Ritchie\'s right-hand man, Bob Rogers Jr., all tell Jack they want him off the island as soon as he\'s out of jail. A local judge, Walter Crewes, has different ideas. He seems to take a liking to Jack and offers him a job as a handyman at a small resort of beachfront bungalows he owns. Ritchie has been cheating on his wife with a much younger mistress, the sexy Nancy Hayes, who catches Jack\'s eye. The judge warns him that she likes "the criminal type" and can\'t be trusted. Together they break into houses for fun and profit, then come up with a scheme to steal $200,000 from Ritchie. Harris and Rogers both come looking to get even with Jack. And it turns out that Nancy is not the only one he can\'t trust.'] ['Burglar John "Duke" Anderson is released after ten years in prison. He renews his relationship with his old girlfriend, Ingrid. She lives in a high-class apartment block  in New York City and Anderson, almost instantly, decides to burgle the entire building in a single sweep&nbsp;— filling a furniture van with the proceeds. He gains financing from a nostalgic Mafia boss and gathers his four-man crew. Also included is an old ex-con drunk, "Pop", whom Anderson met in jail, and who is to play concierge while the real one is bound and gagged in the cellar. Less welcome is a man the Mafia foists onto Anderson&nbsp;— the thuggish "Socks". Socks is a psychopath who has become a liability to the mob and, as part of the deal, Anderson must kill him in the course of the robbery. Anderson is not keen on this, since the operation is complicated enough, but is forced to go along. Anderson has unwittingly entered a world of pervasive surveillance&nbsp;— the agents, cameras, bugs, and tracking devices of numerous public and private agencies see almost the entire operation from the earliest planning to the execution. As Anderson advances the scheme, he moves from the surveillance of one group to another as locations or individuals change. These include a private detective hired to eavesdrop on Anderson\'s girlfriend who is also the mistress of a wealthy man; the BNDD, who are checking over a released drug dealer; the FBI, investigating Black activists and the interstate smuggling of antiques; and the IRS, which is after the mob boss who is financing the operation. Yet, because the various federal, state and city agencies performing the surveillance are all after different goals, none of them is able to "connect the dots" and anticipate the robbery. The operation proceeds over a Labor Day weekend. Disguised as a Mayflower moving and storage crew, the crooks cut telephone and alarm wires and move up through the building, gathering the residents as they go and robbing each apartment.  However, the son of two of the residents is a paraplegic and asthmatic who is left behind in his air-conditioned room. Using his amateur radio equipment, he calls up other radio amateurs, based in Hawaii, Portland, Maine and Wichita Falls, who contact the police.There is an obvious error, as Wichita Falls is said to be in Kansas, not Texas. Obviously, the screenwriter confused it with Wichita, Kansas. The alarm is thus raised, after some problems as to which side  should take the phone bill. As the oblivious criminals work, the police array enormous forces outside to prevent their escape and send a team in via a neighboring rooftop. In the shootout that follows, Anderson kills Socks, but is himself shot by the police. The other robbers are killed, injured or captured, but none gets away with it. Pop gives himself up after letting the police believe that he is the real concierge for a while. Having never adapted to life on the outside, he looks forward to going back to prison. In the course of searching the building, the police discover some audio listening equipment left behind by the private detective who was hired to check up on Ingrid. While organizing the robbery, Anderson met various people who were under similar surveillance for other reasons by various government agencies . To avoid embarrassment over the failing to realize what was going on and that some of the recordings were illegal, the agencies order the tapes to be erased.'] [" David Walsh  is a bank employee whose day begins badly when he gets fired from his dream job and dumped by his fiancée Sara Goodwin  the day after their engagement party is crashed by his best friend, Jack . Jack tries to tell him it's for the best, that David was headed down the wrong path, and has a hooker show up at his apartment to console him, only for her to steal his car. The next day, David goes back to the bank with a gun in his waistband. He surreptitiously makes his way into his previous boss' office, where he pulls out the gun and threatens to end his life. Though intimidated, the boss calls him out and Walsh, not wanting blood on his hands, pistol-whips him, leaving his office only to find the bank being robbed. A sequence shows him killing the robbers single-handedly, but this was shown to be a daydream and he gets down. When one of the robbers take his co-worker Wendy , he shoots him and saves her, but is shot and tackled into the getaway vehicle before they make their escape. A montage shows various people's reactions after the incident, including his ex-fiancée, who is crying uncontrollably. It then shows a burning van, with a reporter stating that following dental records, it was proven to be Walsh's body. This turns into a complex series of twists; the robbery was part of a two-year plan to erase David's identity and leave him and his friends filthy rich. Dave, Jack, Wendy, and Eric  meet up in a motel room, prepared to divide their earnings and part ways. When Wendy leaves the room, Dave kills Jack . Wendy kills Dave and runs off with the money to pick up Sara  with whom she's involved in a lesbian relationship. After the credits, Sarah and Wendy's car is shown to be hit by a bus, killing them both."] ['The criminal mastermind Erwin "Doc" Riedenschneider is out of prison. Doc has a keen eye for detail, not to mention an eye for a pretty girl. He has been planning a “caper” – a jewel heist, outlined by a fellow inmate when they were “behind the walls” for the previous seven years. In an unnamed Midwest city, Doc goes to the betting parlor of a mid-level bookie called "Cobby." He requests to be put in touch with Alonzo Emmerich, a crooked lawyer. It is his understanding that Emmerich is the kind of man who can be approached with such operations and has the money to finance them. Emmerich attentively listens. Doc says he will need $50,000 to hire a team of men to carry out the burglary. Emmerich agrees on the condition that he  should receive the jewels directly, pay off Doc, then be responsible for the disposal of the gems. Emmerich would therefore need to come up with an immediate $500,000 in cash to pay off Doc. Doc\'s hand-picked gang consists of Dix Handley, a hooligan from Kentucky who will provide the necessary muscle; Gus Minissi, a hunchbacked diner owner who is hired as the getaway driver, and Louie Ciavelli, a professional safecracker. Cobby will act as the go-between. Dix explains his ultimate goal to Doll Conovan, who is clearly in love with him. He sees the heist as a means to finance his dream of buying back the horse farm that his family lost during the Great Depression. During the meticulously planned crime , the criminals confidently carry out their work in a calm manner. Ciavelli pounds through a brick wall, breaks into the jewelry store, deactivates the door\'s alarm and lets in the other thieves, then heads to the main safe. With care, he slides flat on his back under the electric-eye system, picks the gate\'s lock, drills holes into the safe\'s door, gingerly opens a corked bottle of nitroglycerin  and sets off a charge on the safe. Unfortunately for the crooks, the explosion sets off the alarms of several nearby businesses and brings the police to the scene more quickly than expected. A second unexpected mishap occurs when a security guard drops his gun after being struck by Dix, causing the gun to discharge and wound Ciavelli. The men get away and a police manhunt begins. Under increasing pressure from his commanding officer, a corrupt cop named Ditrich beats Cobby into confessing and fingering the other crooks involved. Emmerich, meanwhile, double-crosses Doc and the thieves. He is broke and needs the money, not only for himself but to satisfy the expensive tastes of his young, gorgeous mistress, Angela Phinlay, who calls him "Uncle Lon." A tough private detective named Bob Brannom is willing to back Emmerich\'s betrayal for a 50-50 split. Doc had heard Emmerich was having financial difficulties and foresaw this possibility, which is why he brought Dix to the payoff. Dix is able to kill Brannom, but not without being seriously wounded himself. The cops put the squeeze on the gang. Cobby is jailed and so is Gus, who can\'t wait to get his hands on the snitch. Ciavelli dies at home from his gunshot wound. Doc and Dix are on the run. Emmerich is in his hideaway with his mistress, who is making big plans. The police arrive and force Angela, his alibi, to recant her previous story and tell the truth. Emmerich is caught red-handed. He asks for a moment to make a phone call, pulls a gun from his desk and shoots himself. That leaves only Doc and Dix, who go their separate ways. Doc asks a taxi driver to drive him out of the city. Dix, in desperate need of medical attention, takes off in his own car with Doll going along. At a roadhouse having a bite to eat, Doc gives jukebox money to a pretty girl and lingers to watch her dance. The delay costs him dearly when two police officers recognize Doc as they peer into the diner and take him into custody as he departs. After narrowly escaping from a doctor who phoned the police, Dix makes it all the way to the gates of his beloved Kentucky horse farm. But he stumbles into the pasture, collapses and dies on the grassy plains of his home, surrounded by horses.'] ["The majority of the film consists of Dillon, Goodman and Reiser's characters reciting their separate lovesick accounts of their experiences with Tyler's seductress character, each narrating over what they consider to be the real version of the recent events. Scenes are often re-enacted twice, with different accounts contradicting each other for comedic effect. For example, when Goodman's detective character is narrating, he acts as if he were a completely fair, by-the-book police officer, and Dillon is painted as a slimy, macho, abusive thug. When Dillon is telling the story, he is the innocent victim and Goodman is shown as a suspicious, prying, hard-nosed cop; Reiser's character is convinced that every woman is in love with him, and during his version of the tale, everyone acts accordingly."] ['A would-be artist  is working in a dead end job as a bank teller. At the urging of his movie-obsessed slacker roommate , he agrees to be the inside man for a bank heist. While the heist plans are coordinated, the artist’s girlfriend  arranges for him to have his first gallery exhibition. But when he tries to stop the heist, the plan is too far into motion to be halted.'] ['When three great, has-been actors meet at the funeral of a legendary Hollywood agent, their alcoholic reunion leads them to visit the Hollywood Sign. There they find the body of a man - leading them to uncover an in-progress scam for stealing millions from a Las Vegas casino - which originated as a movie plot written by one of the actors\' ex-girlfriends - who could not get her script produced. Desperate to make a come-back, the three risk their lives for production capital... by writing themselves into the "script."'] ["Buster Edwards  is a petty criminal from the East End of 1960s London. His long-suffering wife June  thinks of him as a loveable rogue and cannot believe it when she learns of his involvement in the Great Train Robbery. For several months after the robbery, Buster and June are in hiding with their young daughter Nicky  until they are turned in to the police by a suspicious neighbour. Buster flees to Acapulco where he is met by fellow Great Train Robber Bruce Reynolds ([[Larry Lamb  and his girlfriend Franny Reynolds  who are also on the run and living it up in the sun with the profits of their crime. June and Nicky arrive despite the disapproval of her mother  and although Nicky seems to love her new life in the sun, June is immediately not keen on their new way of life, resolving to return to England, despite knowing that if Buster is to return with them, then this will mean imprisonment for him. Buster remains in Acapulco for some time after June leaves, until realising  that despite him having money and the sun, it means nothing if he doesn't have his family and returns to England to accept his punishment. The film closes, 12 years after Buster's release from jail, seemingly content and running a flower stall near Waterloo Bridge on the Thames."] ['Four people rob the vault of a bank at gun point. The only trouble is that a large armed police presence turns up as they try to drive away. They take shelter in a diner, where two psychos with guns, Max and Karl decide to take over, and have the  $500,000 for themselves. The robbers become victims with the owners of the diner and the people who were eating there. At first Max and Karl let Sam, one of the robbers do all the talking to Det. Devlin, not letting on that they are there also. But then they decide to make demands as telephone negotiations are going nowhere and shoot one of the hostages in front of the police. Lind, another negotitator has turned up and takes over, with a gung-ho attitude. Devlin has been looking at the bank tapes and see that some of the money the robbers took was not supposed to be there. The bank manager confesses it was payment for an  arms deal. A phone call shows Lind to be fake and he is shot while shooting his accomplice. A TV reporter is allowed in with a camera to film what they allow, but Max sees her hidden camera which is showing the police what is really going on there and for that she is brutally raped and dumped in a store room. A hidden phone reveals to the hostages that one of the robbers was an undercover cop  who would have a second gun, which a young woman manages to get and hand to Sam. There is a shoot out and dozens of bullets from each gun, with few hits. The cops rush in and the siege is over, but there is still a surprise ending.'] ["A thief, Reese Halperin, and his accomplice, computer expert Norman Barrie, devise a scheme to break into a Vancouver bank. While carrying out the bank's blueprints, Reese is inadvertently photographed by Stacey Bishop, who is taking pictures for the bank's advertising campaign. Reese and Stacey meet, and, complicating the burglary somewhat, fall in love."] ["Hiller, a computer expert, was bribed by a group of bank robbers to obtain details of the security system at a newly-built bank. Having obtained the information, he thought he'd seen the last of the robbers. But now they've traced him and his son to London. They hold the son hostage and force Hiller to decode the information about the alarm and then to take part in the robbery. The 'film' Bellman and True was originally a 3 part TV series, with a runtime of 150 mins  a cut down version of the series was released as a 112 minute feature film."] ["In the mid-1870s, outlaws Jesse James, Cole Younger and their brothers are granted amnesty by the Missouri legislature, sympathetic to the troubles created for all citizens by the Civil War. The bankers victimized by the James and Younger gangs are vehemently opposed to this action and hire a Pinkerton agent to follow the outlaws' every move. Younger has put aside plans to rob a bank in Northfield, Minnesota, said to be the largest west of the Mississippi River. The job appeals, however, to Jesse and Frank James, who have no intention of changing the way they make a living. Cole is ambushed by the Pinkerton's agent men, who use a prostitute as bait. And when the bankers succeed in overturning the amnesty by bribing the politicians, Cole travels by train to Minnesota to check out the bank. Once there, Cole discovers that townspeople are unwilling to risk placing their money in the bank due to concerns over its safety from thieves. Jesse, Frank, and their men arrive on horseback and, together with Cole, persuade the locals that a gold shipment is on its way, being delivered to the bank because it is supposed to be the safest possible place for it. Once the citizens begin banking their money, the robbery commences. Many things go wrong though, including one outlaw being locked inside a vault. Younger and his men flee to a nearby farm, but a posse tracks and apprehends them. The James brothers get away. But, when Jesse mentions to Frank his intention to permit Bob Ford to join the gang back in Missouri, his fate is sealed."] ['The story focuses mainly upon 4 friends, Jo , Shannon , Kerrys  and Cassandra . They all meet one other at a Diner, where they also see Dillon  and Smoothy  getting chased by the police while drug-dealing. As Dillon is running past, he drops a stolen diamond  in Cassandra\'s bag. He is unaware that Shannon has a big crush on Dillon as he always ignores her. The four then walk out and go home. Firstly, the story focuses upon Shannon: as she walks into her home, she sees that her mother has left for good and her dad is sitting in the living room all alone. She loses her temper, gets a packet of "Pringles", two cans of spray-paint and runs away. She then runs over to Joanne\'s home, who has to rush to work, telling her she does not have time to talk. Later on, she is called over to Jo\'s work place by Jo; where she is told to leave. When she refuses, Dillon kisses Jo upsetting Shannon, so she grabs a Pringles box from the shop and runs. She is taken in by a woman who saved her from getting raped, but Shannon seems to find that the woman is looking for the Pringles box. This is later confirmed when she finds out that she is searching for "15 diamonds". One is already in Cassandra\'s bag, whilst the rest are in the Pringles can which had fallen out of Shannon\'s bag earlier. She escapes by knocking the woman out with the bathroom door. She finds the diamonds by going back to the bench where she was almost attacked. Her story ends with her holding the diamonds above a bridge, suggesting she is about to jump and commit suicide. Secondly, the story moves onto Cassandra, who visits New York to meet up with a man called "Brett" she has met on the internet. The meeting ends with her having sex with him. She suddenly feels light headed and falls asleep, and in the morning uses an epipen to pull herself together. She discovers all her possessions gone except for her handbag containing a diamond. She also finds the letter that Shannon has been looking for, which was written by her mother. She later goes to "Brett\'s" house to later find that "Brett" is a stalker who hacks into Cassandra\'s computer taking videos of her. When the fake Brett comes, she knocks him out but later escapes chasing her down the street where she is rescued by a black woman who does not take kindly to racist stereotypical views. She gets her cousins to beat and tattoo the fake Brett with the words chosen by Cassandra. She forces her way into an audition for a new tutor and gets it before then leaving for London. Thirdly the story of Kerrys is explored. Kerrys and her girlfriend break into Cassandra\'s beachhouse and stay there. Her brother upon discovering them inside, locks them in the panic room and throws a party. While, Dillon and Smoothy visit his house, they ask him to keep the diamonds, now only 14 left, at his house. When the two girls escape from the panic room, they lock her brother in there and run away. Fourthly, Jo, who works at a 24-hour supermarket with Angelo  finds that her new manager "Tee"  is in town. Tee has been working with Dillon and Smoothy to deliver the diamonds, but one is missing. Tee asks Dillon and Smoothy to come over to the supermarket; Dillon and Smoothy open the safe with the key, which Tee had given to them earlier, they remove the money and drop off the diamonds, which are 14, but Tee thinks there is 15. Dillon and Smoothy come to get the money, when they find Tee has betrayed them, and they rob the store and leave Tee with the 14 diamonds. Tee, however has hidden them in a Pringles box, which is then seen in flashback to show that the box is the very same one that Shannon has. Whilst Tee is about to be shot by the same woman who rescued Shannon earlier, Jo rescues him, but when he tries to run, Angelo attacks him. He is arrested by the police for illegal selling. Cassandra returns with the last diamond and the letter; the three, Cassandra, Jo, and Kerrys, then go to meet Shannon. They put the fourteen diamonds together and give it into the police and fly to New York. Whilst on the plane it is revealed that the same mysterious woman who had rescued Shannon is on the plane.'] ['Three smalltown friends looking to leave their troubles behind come up with a robbery scheme to fund their trip to the big city. But as their plan goes awry and the authorities become involved, they are left with no other alternative but to take hostage a pair of traveling young lovebirds, with no shortage of problems of their own.'] ['Johnny Utah  is a rookie FBI Agent and former Ohio State quarterback. He and his veteran partner, Angelo Pappas , are investigating a string of bank robberies by a gang known as the "Ex-Presidents" . Pursuing Angelo\'s theory that the criminals are surfers, Johnny goes undercover to infiltrate the surfing community. Knowing nothing of the sport/lifestyle, he persuades orphan surfer girl Tyler Endicott  to teach him to surf. In the process, Johnny develops a complex friendship with Bodhi , the charismatic leader of a gang of surfers, Roach , Grommet  and Nathaniel , who accept Johnny when they realize he is a former college football star. As he masters the art of surfing, Johnny finds himself increasingly drawn to the surfers\' adrenaline-charged lifestyle, Bodhi\'s philosophies, and Tyler. Following a clue retrieved by analyzing toxins found in the hair of one of the bank robbers, Johnny and Angelo lead an FBI raid on another gang of surfers. While criminals, this group are not the "Ex-Presidents" and the raid inadvertently ruins a DEA undercover operation. Watching Bodhi\'s group surfing, Johnny suspects they are the "Ex-Presidents," noting how close a group they are and the way one of them moons everyone in the same manner one of the robbers does when leaving a bank. He tails Bodhi and his suspicions are confirmed when he sees Bodhi and Roach casing a bank. Johnny and Angelo stake out the bank and the "Ex-Presidents" appear. Bodhi  leads Johnny in a furious foot chase through the neighborhood, culminating in Johnny jumping into an aqueduct and causing an old football injury in his knee to flare up again. Despite having a clear shot at Bodhi , Johnny cannot bring himself to shoot and Bodhi escapes. Bodhi aggressively recruits Johnny into going skydiving with him and his friends. Johnny, still without proof of Bodhi\'s bank robbing, goes along. After the jump, Bodhi reveals that he knows Johnny is an FBI agent and has arranged for his friend Rosie , a non-surfing thug, to hold Tyler hostage. Johnny is forced to go with the "Ex-Presidents" in their last bank robbery of the summer. The robbery goes wrong as Grommet, along with an off-duty police officer and a security guard who try to stop the robbery, are killed. Angered by Grommet\'s death, Bodhi knocks Johnny out and leaves him at the scene. Defying their boss, Angelo and Johnny go to the airport where Bodhi, Roach, and Nathaniel are about to leave for Mexico . In a shootout, Angelo and Nathaniel are killed, while Roach is seriously wounded. With Roach aboard, Bodhi forces Johnny onto the plane at gunpoint. Once airborne and over their intended jump point, Bodhi and Roach put on parachutes and jump from the plane, leaving Johnny to take the blame again. With no other parachutes available, Johnny jumps from the plane with Bodhi\'s gun, managing to intercept him before he lands, but Bodhi forces him to drop the gun so he can open their parachute and land safely. Upon impact, Johnny\'s knee gives out, allowing Bodhi to escape Johnny\'s grasp. Bodhi meets with Rosie and releases Tyler. Roach dies of his wounds and Bodhi and Rosie leave with the money. Nine months later, Johnny tracks down Bodhi at Bells Beach in Victoria, Australia, where a record storm is producing lethal waves. This is an event Bodhi had talked about experiencing, calling it the "50 Year Storm". After a brutal fight in the surf, Johnny manages to handcuff himself and Bodhi together. Bodhi begs Johnny to release him so he can ride the once-in-a-lifetime wave. Knowing he will not come back alive, Johnny releases him and watches, with the authorities, as Bodhi goes to his death. Johnny walks away, throwing his FBI badge into the ocean.'] ['{{prune}} In the spring of 1969, Anthony Curtis  is about to graduate from high school. However, Anthony is not going to college, but needing to get away from home to find himself, he enlists in the U.S. Marine Corps shortly after graduation. He is sent to Vietnam, leaving behind his middle-class family, a pregnant girlfriend ([[Rose Jackson , and small time crook Kirby , who is like a second father. Anthony\'s close friend Skip  later joins Curtis\'s squad after flunking out of college, and Jose ([[Freddy Rodriguez  is drafted into the Army. Once in the Marines, Curtis meets gung-ho lieutenant Dugan , and his wartime friend, Cleon , a religious yet deadly staff sergeant. During their tour in Vietnam as members of a Force Recon unit, they experience the horrors of war, losing several fellow Marines during combat. The Marines  also commit atrocities, including executing enemy prisoners and beheading corpses for war trophies. One of their squad, D\'Ambrosio , is the victim of the North Vietnamese, and is disemboweled and castrated. While waiting for medivac, Anthony, succumbing to the request of the dying D\'Ambrosio, gives the man a fatal dose of morphine. One of their squad is killed by stepping on a land mine and a night ambush ensues, with NVA troops and half of Anthony\'s team killed; Dugan is killed after Skip "freezes up" during the gunfight when he is ordered to cover him. Cleon manages to hold off the enemy long enough for Anthony and the last of the crew to escape. When Anthony returns to The Bronx in 1973, after four years of service and presumably multiple combat tours in Vietnam, attaining the rank of sergeant, he finds returning to "normal" life is impossible. He finds his friend Skip, who used drugs during the war, is now a heroin addict. Jose, after serving as a demolitions expert, during which he lost his hand, has become a pyromaniac. Cleon is now a devoted minister. And Kirby has since become legitimate due to police cracking down on his criminal business. Anthony is laid off from his job in a butcher shop and finds himself unable to support his daughter. During a pool game at Kirby\'s, Cowboy  makes fun of Anthony and informs him that Cutty  was having sex with his girlfriend Juanita while he was deployed in Vietnam. Anthony then beats Cowboy with a pool stick out of rage. Anthony pesters Juanita into admitting to sleeping with Cutty to provide for their daughter. Anthony meets his girlfriend\'s sister Delilah , a member of the "Nat Turner Cadre", a fictional group similar to black revolutionaries. Delilah has always had a crush on Anthony and decides to help him with a plot he devises. Anthony, Kirby, Skip, Jose, Delilah and Cleon plan to rob an armored car making a stop at the Noble Street Federal Reserve Bank of the Bronx. Skip and Cleon act as lookouts, Kirby is the getaway driver, Delilah waits in a dumpster across the street, and Anthony and Jose hide under the loading docks, all armed. Though they plan the heist very carefully, it goes horribly wrong when a policeman stumbles on the scene. The policeman interferes, talking to Cleon. Cleon says he\'s waiting for a city bus. The officer thinks it\'s odd since it\'s way too early for any buses coming and decides to check the bus schedule for Cleon. Anthony and Jose decide to ambush the armed guards. But the driver sees the two coming out armed, from his rear-view mirror. As soon as he alerts his fellow officers, Anthony holds one officer at gunpoint, while Jose grabs one bag stack with money and officers begin shooting at Jose. Jose hide behind cover. Another officer is about to shoot Anthony, but Delilah hops out of the dumpster and screams while she shoots the officer dead. This distracting Anthony, the officer tries to knock the shotgun out of Anthony\'s hands. They struggle for the gun, and Anthony headbutts the officer and pistol whips him, wounding him severely. The officer talking to Cleon, hears all the commotion and takes out his gun. This results in Kirby hopping out the car and shooting at the officer, but, Kirby is shot in the arm, and Skip comes up behind the officer and shoots him in the head, killing him. Jose quickly grabs a detonator, an explosive device, and hops on the moving truck, with the driver trying to leave the scene. Kirby gets in his car and blocks the truck\'s entry. Kirby quickly hops out the car and runs as Jose places the explosive device in the back of the van. Jose jumps off and the truck driver slams into Kirby\'s car and Jose detonates the bomb, blowing up the truck, killing the driver and burning much of the cash. Anthony, Skip, Kirby and Cleon are furious that Jose burned much of the cash, but quickly manage to grab over $300,000. The explosion attracts more officers and as one is about to shoot Anthony Delilah shoots and misses him and the officer shoots her dead. In a fury of rage, Anthony shoots him and then beats to death the officer that he had pistol whipped earlier when he revives and reaches for his gun. The remaining crew splits up, as Jose runs in an alleyway with the cash, a police cruiser chases him. Jose kills the driver, but the officer in the passenger seat uses the dead officer to drive Jose into against a brick wall killing him. Anthony decides that Jose\'s cut goes to his wife Marisol and their kids and Delilah\'s cut goes to the poor children on Christmas. Kirby wants to kill Cleon before he gets arrested and rats them out. Anthony, who wants no more bloodshed, tells Kirby, he\'ll take care of it but Cleon  gives up the other thieves as part of a plea bargain. NYPD officers storm Skip\'s apartment to find that he has died of a heroin overdose. As Kirby and Anthony prepare to leave the country police show up, and Kirby tells Anthony to run, fighting off the officers with the pool sticks, but Anthony is cornered and he surrenders. In court, Anthony is tried, convicted, and sent to prison for 15 years to life. Anthony berates the judge , a war veteran himself, who goes so far as to call him a disgrace to any person who put on uniform and served his country. Upon receiving his sentence, Anthony gets angry and throws a chair at the judge. The films ends as Anthony boards a prison bus.'] ["Retired thief Roy Egan  gets involved into a jewelry heist with his youngest brother Lee  and his wheelman Skip Kovich . While they hide out in Palm Springs, Lee gets murdered, and Roy heads off to Los Angeles to track down his brother's killer.{{cite news}}"] ['A group of grifters rip off their latest mark and celebrate, while de facto leader of the group Jake Vig  explains the art of the con. When one of the four  is found shot to death, the other three learn that the latest money they stole actually belonged to a local L.A. crime lord called The King . Jake proposes that the grifters work for the King and steal money from Morgan Price , a rival who owns a bank. Jake enlists the aid of his remaining partners, Gordo  and Miles , and also convinces an independent con artist named Lily  to round out their foursome. The King, a ruthless killer who suffers from ADHD, demands that one of his men, Lupus , also come along. The con involves bribing a bank vice president into wiring money offshore. The plan hits a snag when Special Agent Gunther Butan  shows up in L.A., looking to finally bust Jake, whom he has followed for years. Butan forces corrupt LAPD detectives Omar Manzano  and Lloyd Whitworth  to switch their allegiance from Jake to him. After hearing about Butan\'s arrival, a nervous Jake pulls the plug on the whole con. He screams at Lily, making her walk out. Lupus gets Jake to reconsider nixing the con, hinting that The King will torture and kill the grifters if the plan falls short. The con is back on, though now without Lilly\'s help. The bribed bank VP wires the money to Gordo in Belize. Gordo brings it to Ontario Airport, where he is met by both Butan and The King\'s men, both sides after the $5 million in a duffle bag. Butan arrests The King and confiscates the money. Gordo disappears. Lupus, thinking the King has the money, reveals he was the one who killed Jake\'s grifter friend. Lupus holds Jake at gunpoint, but is shot by Travis , a henchman for Morgan Price. It turns out that when Lily walked out, she went straight to Price himself and revealed the entire con, which was taking place that minute. Price told Travis to locate Jake and find out exactly how the con was engineered, to stop such a thing from ever happening again. Travis takes Jake to an abandoned lot and forces him to explain the entire story. A furious Lily takes out a gun and kills Jake. Travis demands that he and Lily both disappear immediately. Minutes later, Butan arrives in a car and Jake sits up from a pool of blood, unharmed. The final parts of the con are revealed. Lily\'s "quitting" was faked -- a set-up to confuse Lupus. Butan is actually an old confidant of Jake\'s. He managed to "confiscate" the money and arrest The King at the same time. Butan has the money and it\'s split five ways. Jake was wearing squibs to fake his own death in the lot. In the end, everyone was in on everything except for The King and Lupus , Price and Travis , and the two corrupt LAPD detectives, who have been arrested. The four grifters reunite and celebrate.'] ['Zed , a professional safe-cracker, comes to Paris to help a childhood friend, Eric , with a bank heist. In the cab on the way to his hotel room, the cabbie obtains a prostitute for him. He arrives at his hotel room and is soon greeted by the prostitute, Zoe , who also confides that she is studying art, and has a "very boring" day job. After having sex, they talk with each other amiably, then fall asleep. Their reverie is soon interrupted when Eric barges in and brusquely sends Zoe out of the room, so the two men can get on with their business. Eric takes Zed back to his residence where Zed meets Eric\'s friends. Eric explains his plans: the following day is Bastille Day and virtually everything is closed except for the bank they plan to rob, which is a holding bank and is open on holidays. Zed forgoes his rest time to spend the night partying with Eric and his friends among some of the more disreputable people of Paris in a cavernous jazz club, which Eric refers to as \'the Real Paris\'. During the binging, Eric confides to Zed that he has AIDS, which he contracted through IV drug use. The next day, Zed is awakened by Eric as they prepare to enter the bank. The team dons Carnival masks to hide their faces before bursting into the bank. They quickly kill those who do not cooperate as they escort Zed  to the safe so he can get to work. Their plans soon start to disintegrate as the police show up and they\'re faced with the possibility of going to jail for life or having to shoot their way out. Eric throws an explosive into a vault and enters it , finding a large supply of gold bars—- but the thieves can\'t leave the bank alive with their fortune. Tensions become even higher when Zed recognizes Zoe  and attempts to protect her, to the fury of Eric, who viciously slashes Zed\'s cheek with a knife. A vicious gunfight between the police, Eric, and the rest of the gang begins—- with Zed caught \'innocently\' in the middle. Eric\'s men are killed by the police as they rush the bank, and Zed and Eric begin to fight each other. The police shoot Eric to death. He falls on Zed, splattering great amounts of blood on him in the process . Injured, Zed is led away quickly by Zoe, who covers for him, stating he is a bank customer. They drive away in her car, where Zoe promises Zed that when he gets well she\'ll show him the \'real\' Paris.'] ['Jonny  is working as a courier and becoming increasingly dissatisfied with his life. He asks long-running school friend Jude  to help him into the North London criminal gang run by his uncle Ray . As Jonny gets more involved in the image of the criminal world, he starts making mistakes and through a mutual dislike for rival gangster Matthew  inadvertently starts a war with the South London mob, headed up by Sean .'] ['Suave convict J. Chalmers "Pressure" Maxwell decides to go straight. Just before he is released from prison along with his none-too-bright accomplice Jug Martin, he rejects a proposal by fellow inmate Leo Dexter to rob a bank. Maxwell hopes to purchase a dog racing track in Florida and become a legitimate businessman with his adopted daughter, Denny Costello. However, he lacks the funds necessary. When his loan request is rejected by the bank , he decides to rob the place. Noticing a luggage shop next door, he buys the store from Homer Bigelow. He has Jug and their friend Weepy Davis start digging a tunnel in the basement. Meanwhile, slick salesman Jeff Randolph convinces Weepy to order several dozen pieces of luggage to stock the store. Soon afterward, Jeff falls in love with Denny. When Denny finds out about Pressure\'s scheme, she gets Jeff to come up with various advertising gimmicks that bring in a flood of customers, forcing a stop to the noisy digging and showing the crooks that legitimate sales can be profitable. The store flourishes, and the bank next door offers to purchase it from them, to expand their space. Pressure is ready to accept the offer, but when Leo learns that Pressure has stolen his idea, he breaks out of jail to take over. Due to the success of the luggage business, Pressure has long since abandoned the robbery plan, but Leo forces them to go through with it. Leo plans on breaking into the vault on Christmas Eve with dynamite. Complicating matters, Homer Bigelow reappears, nostalgic for his store. He gets knocked out, but manages to press down the burglar alarm. Leo panics and reaches for his gun, but Pressure intervenes, before being knocked unconscious as well. Leo tries to escape, only to be caught by the police. The store erupts in flames, but Pressure revives and manages to drag Homer Bigelow outside, becoming a hero. Denny accepts Jeff\'s marriage proposal. Pressure makes plans to build a new store, the first in a chain.'] ["In France during World War II, a group of American soldiers are in the process of being shipped off to military prison for a variety of infractions, ranging from desertion to murder. While they are being transported, a German air attack hits the convoy, killing most of the prisoners, but allowing the five surviving prisoners to fight off the escorting MPs and escape. The group decides to make their escape to neutral Switzerland, but on the way they end up volunteering for a commando mission to steal the new prototype gyroscope for the Nazi V2 with help of the French resistance. Somehow the team must sneak onto the most heavily guarded train in German territory, steal the Nazis' most precious military hardware, and bring it back to the Allies without getting arrested again by their own side."] ['Francesca "Frankie" Sutton  is a Los Angeles bank teller who witnesses a robbery. Shortly after the incident, the bank fires Frankie after the police uncover a connection between her and Darnell, one of the robbers. Frankie reluctantly gets a job at a janitorial company where her friends Lita "Stoney" Newsome , Cleopatra "Cleo" Sims , and Tisean "T.T." Williams  already work. Stoney\'s brother Stevie is wrongfully gunned down by the police after they mistake him for one of the men involved in the previous robbery. The incident prompts Cleo to suggest that they rob a bank themselves. While Frankie is happy to go along with the plan, T.T. is initially opposed the idea. However, when an accident at work leads to her toddler being taken away by social services, T.T. commits to the plot as well. The four women embark on a series of bank robberies, which are investigated by LAPD detective Strode . The women stash the money in an air vent at one of their work sites. However, when they show up for work another day, they realize that their boss, Luther , has discovered the money and fled. The women track down Luther and find him at a motel with a woman. When they confront Luther he is killed by T.T. when he pulls a gun on Cleo. Afterwards, Cleo takes the woman\'s drivers license to prevent her from contacting the police. With their money gone, the girls rob another bank, which happens to be the same bank where Keith , Stoney\'s lover, works. Before they make it out of the bank, Strode and his partner arrive and order them to drop their weapons, but as they do, a bank security guard shoots Tisean. Stoney and Cleo open fire at the security guard and carry Tisean to the getaway car with Frankie behind the wheel. As Tisean dies in Stoney’s arms en route to a hospital, the three women decide to split up. Cleo is the second of the girls to be killed after the police catches up to her. The police catch up to Frankie and order her to surrender. However, Frankie pulls a gun on Strode and tries to run away, but is shot and killed by an officer. Stoney, in the meantime, boards a bus heading to Mexico, but she painfully witnesses the killing of Frankie. Strode spots Stoney on the bus, but lets her go considering she already has been through enough. After cutting her hair in a small motel where she has taken refuge, she calls Keith but doesn\'t say anything. While she doesn\'t tell him where she is, she assures him that she is all right and thanks him. The movie ends with her driving through the mountains.'] ["The film is told primarily in flashback, as the film first follows a hitman, Critical Jim , who follows and holds at gunpoint a man he believes is Cletis Tout - but who actually is Finch . Because Critical Jim is so fond of film noir and other classic films (such as Casablanca and [[Breakfast at Tiffany's , he's willing to listen to Finch as he tells his story, imagining it as a film in progress. Finch obliges, explaining how he got to be mistaken for Cletis Tout. Finch happened to be in the same jail with Micah , who stole diamonds more than 20 years before, then hid the diamonds and soon landed in prison. With Finch's help, Micah manages to break out, and the two get new identities for themselves, courtesy of a coroner  who owes Finch a favor. The problem is that Finch's new identity is that of Cletis Tout, a photojournalist who managed to get a mafia figure's son strangling a woman on film. The head of the mafia gets his men to kill Tout , but when Finch goes to Cletis' apartment to look for his passport, a neighbor calls the police, who inform the mafia head that Cletis Tout is still alive. After Micah meets up with his now grown-up daughter, Tess , he's accidentally shot by the men sent to kill Cletis. Just before dying, Micah gets Finch to promise to watch after his daughter, and thus Tess and Finch begin an uneasy relationship as they look for the diamonds. Meanwhile, the mafia head decides to bring in a professional, and subsequently calls in Critical Jim to finish the job. However, Critical Jim is more interested in where Finch's story will end - specifically, if he'll be able to reconcile with Tess in the end, giving the story a perfect Hollywood ending."] ['Rancher Taw Jackson  is shot by a gunman for hire, Lomax , and wrongfully imprisoned. His land and property are then confiscated by corrupt businessman Frank Pierce  who knows gold was discovered on Jackson\'s ranchlands, and hired Lomax to shoot Taw. Released early from prison, Jackson cuts a deal with Lomax because he\'s a safe-cracker, to ally against Pierce. Together, they plot to steal a shipment of gold being transported in a "war wagon," a heavily armored stagecoach armed with a deadly Gatling gun in a top-mounted steerable turret. They assemble a gang and plan to rob the war wagon at the weakest point in the route it travels. Things don\'t quite work out as planned. Pierce dies in a shootout with one of his own men trying to escape from the war wagon. Taw still manages to recover a portion of the gold shipment.'] ['In New York City, four heavily armed men with code names , wearing similar trenchcoat and mustache disguises, board at different station stops (Green at 59th Street, Grey at 51st Street, Brown at Grand Central, and finally Blue at [[28th Street  on the Pelham 123 subway train run of the 6 Lexington Avenue Local service. The men take the train, securing a group of seventeen passengers whom they hold hostage, isolating them in one of the train\'s cars and then separating the car from the rest of the train. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Zachary Garber , a cynical and curmudgeonly yet light-hearted New York City Transit Authority police lieutenant, begins his day by leading four visiting Tokyo Metro directors on a tour of New York\'s subway command-center. This is interrupted by Blue\'s radio announcement to the command center that "your train has been taken." Blue ([[Robert Shaw , the English-accented leader of the hijackers, tells Garber they are demanding a ransom of one million dollars, to be delivered to them within one hour; otherwise they will kill one passenger per minute, starting when the hour has passed. Garber, the sarcastic Lieutenant Rico Patrone , and other transit workers cooperate while trying to guess how the criminals intend to escape the subway tunnel and get away. Various clues soon surface for Garber to figure out, first with his hearing of Blue\'s very distinctive English accent over the radio. It later turns out that Blue was a ruthless British mercenary, and Green  is a former transit worker who from time to time sneezes over the radio and is heard by Garber, who responds by saying "Gesundheit." Garber also learns that one of the hostages is an undercover police officer. The mayor finally agrees to pay the ransom at the urging of his deputy mayor and his wife  The police dispatch a squad car carrying the ransom money. When the car is wrecked in a collision, Garber daringly bluffs to buy some time, telling the hijackers that the money already has been delivered to the 28th Street Station and only the walk down the tunnel is delaying it. A reluctant Blue agrees to the delay. A police motorcycle completes the trip from the scene of the collision to the subway station and two unarmed officers are sent down the track on foot to deliver the money to the hijackers. With the money finally in hand, the hijackers demand that electric power be restored to the subway line, and that all signals in the path of the train be turned green from 28th Street to South Ferry, both of these being necessary for the car to move. Having overridden the subway car\'s dead-man\'s switch, which would otherwise ensure its stopping unless someone remained at the throttle, the hijackers get off the train and set it in motion. As the train starts to move, the undercover officer also jumps off the train and hides between the rails. The car begins to travel faster and faster, since no one is controlling its speed. Outside the tunnel, Garber and Inspector Daniels are convinced that the runaway train is a diversion and that the hijackers must have left the train. The hijackers divide the ransom money, discard their disguises, and start their escape into the tunnel\'s emergency exit; however, Grey refuses to leave his gun behind as agreed and is shot dead by Blue. The undercover officer, still hiding in the tracks, manages to kill Brown with one shot. Green escapes onto the street, while Blue shoots at the undercover officer until he wounds him. Garber arrives after Green has gotten away and, drawing on Blue, orders him to surrender just as Blue is about to shoot the undercover officer dead. Blue asks Garber if the death penalty is available in the state of New York anymore. Told that it is not, Blue responds, "Pity", then promptly electrocutes himself by stepping onto the third rail while a horrified Garber watches. Entering the South Ferry Loop, the runaway car finally encounters a red signal. The car\'s emergency brakes are tripped and it grinds to a halt; the remaining hostages are all safe. With three of the hijackers dead, information is brought up on their identities. None of the three are found to have any experience piloting trains. Green, the only hijacker to escape, has left as a clue only Garber\'s surmise that one of the hijackers must be an ex-motorman of the New York Transit Authority . With the dead three all identified, Garber realizes that the hijacker still at large must be the former transit employee. Garber and Patrone, working their way through a list of former motormen "discharged for cause" , pay a visit to Harold Longman. Longman—known to the audience as Mr. Green—is shown rolling in the packs of ransom money on the bed in his seedy efficiency apartment when Garber and Patrone knock on his door. He hides the money quickly, then opens to the officers and bluffs his way through their questioning. The officers find Longman\'s alibi weak, but start out the door, until Longman sneezes and Garber says "Gesundheit." Garber then re-opens the door, the expression on his face indicating that he knows he has just found the final hijacker.'] ["Sheila Rilo  is a bank teller at Desert Savings Bank in a small desert town. Her boyfriend is Rick Becker , the bank manager who was informed by his superiors that he would be fired if the bank's ATMs were to be robbed just one more time. Sheila and Rick have spent several years together in their on-again off-again relationship, in which he uses her until something better comes along; after Sheila pays for most of Rick's education, he leaves her for his tutor. Sheila decides to exact revenge on Rick by robbing the bank and getting him fired. On the same night, Stuart  and Jason , two other tellers from the same bank, have also decided to rob the bank. Stuart's plan is to steal $250,000 from the bank and bet the entire amount on one game of roulette in Las Vegas. Stuart, who is desperate for excitement in his life, is doing this on the suggestion of his friend Max  even though the intelligent Stuart is usually the one talking Max out of his hare-brained ideas and get-rich-quick schemes. Jason is a nature lover who lives with an orphaned duck. He was promoted to assistant bank manager, a position with much more responsibility but only a $0.55 per hour raise. He feels the bank owes him for years of loyal and underpaid service and he decides to get even by robbing the safety deposit box of a mean-spirited local millionaire, Charles Merchant . Merchant, who got rich from making infomercials and selling videotapes on how to get rich quickly on the real estate market, is the person that shot Jason's duck's mother, therefore making easier Jason's decision to rob Merchant's safety deposit box. Jason is not the only one with a plan for revenge against the local tycoon. A disgruntled clothing store employee, Shmally , takes her revenge against Merchant the same night by having Carter ([[Marcus Thomas  help her throw eggs at Merchant's home. Carter Doleman is Shmally's friend and roommate and the bank's newest employee. Due to his inability to dress well and his lack of ability to get a job on his own, Shmally agreed to help him. When Carter was called for an interview at the bank, Shmally gave Carter a make-over, dressed him up properly and coached him on how to pass the interview. Anxious and excited about starting his first day of work, hesitant Carter lets himself be dragged out of bed by Shmally so that he can help her egg Merchant's house."] ['"Big" Jim Stevens, undisputed boss of the Chicago underworld, gets an unexpected birthday present from his ambitious lieutenant, Guy Gisborne. Instead of a stripper popping out of the cake, Big Jim gets shot by all the guests. With the mob boss out of the way, Gisborne takes over. He orders all the other gangsters in town to pay him protection money, but declares it\'s still "All for One." The news does not sit well with Big Jim\'s friend and fellow gangster, Robbo, and a gangland war breaks out. Robbo recruits pool hustler Little John, who demonstrates his pool skills while singing "A Man Who Loves His Mother," plus quick-draw artist Will and a few other hoods, but they are still greatly outnumbered. In addition, the corrupt Sheriff Octavius Glick is on Gisborne\'s payroll. Gisborne and Robbo come up with the same idea, to destroy the other\'s gambling joint on the same night, with Will enjoying every moment . Big Jim\'s refined, well-educated daughter, Marian, shows up. She asks Robbo to avenge her father\'s death , a request which Robbo flatly refuses. Gisborne disposes of the sheriff. Marian then invites Robbo to dinner and gives him $50,000, thinking that Robbo did as she had asked. Robbo refuses the money, but Marian attempts to seduce him into joining forces to take over the whole town. Robbo turns her down. When she sends the money to his under-repair gambling club, Robbo donates it to a boys\' orphanage. Alan A. Dale, the orphanage\'s director, notifies the newspapers about this good deed. A new Chicago star is born: a gangster who robs from the rich and gives to the poor. Robbo finds it useful to have the public on his side. He invites the delighted Dale to join his gang, having him handle all the charities. Dale starts the Robbo Foundation and opens a string of soup kitchens, free clinics and orphan shelters. He even gives green, feathered hats and bows and arrows to the orphans, while thoroughly milking the Robin Hood image. In the meantime, Robbo and Little John teach Dale a little about "Style." Robbo\'s joint re-opens and it is a hit. Gisborne, whose place is now empty, is infuriated. He and the new sheriff, Potts, organize a police raid. Robbo has anticipated this; when a few switches are pulled, the entire club is disguized as a mission. The sheriff and Gisborne burst in to find Robbo\'s gang singing gospel songs and preaching the sins of alcohol, complete with hymnals and tambourines . Robbo is framed for Glick\'s murder. At the trial, Gisborne and Potts claim that Robbo planned the whole thing. Dale tries to teach the despondent orphans to view this as a lesson . The jury finds Robbo innocent. He thanks them . When he returns to his club, Robbo finds every one of his charities is now a front for counterfeiting. The soup kitchen smuggles fake bills in soup cans over state lines. Robbo also finds Little John living it up in Marian\'s mansion. Marian is willing to keep Robbo as a front, as long as she is in charge. Robbo shows his contempt for her and leaves. Little John decides to go with him. Marian finds another willing partner in Gisborne. However, the gangster is not a match for Robbo and ends up dead. Robbo tells a shocked Marian to clear out of town. She instead turns public opinion against him, starting a Women\'s League for Better Government and framing Robbo for the counterfeiting ring that she and Little John started. Unable to fight an angry mob of women, Robbo and his gang flee. Robbo and his merry men are reduced to working as Santa Clauses to solicit charitable donations. They watch dumbfounded as Marian steps out of a car with her latest partner, Alan A. Dale. He casually gives them money before going off with Marian.'] ['Terry Benedict  rounds up the original eleven members of Danny Ocean\'s  gang, demanding they return the $160&nbsp;million they stole from his casinos with $38&nbsp;million in interest. Short by half, the group schemes to stage another heist in Europe to avoid problems with United States authorities. They are tipped off by an informant named Matsui  about the location of the first stock certificate ever, issued in 1602, which was for the Dutch East India Company, owned by an agoraphobe  and kept in his private home in Amsterdam. While the certificate would not meet their debt, it would help extend their deadline and secure another job by Matsui that will be enough to pay the debt. After a complex series of schemes, including raising the house a few inches to achieve a necessary line-of-sight, they find the document has already been stolen by "The Night Fox", another master thief. After the failed attempt, Europol Detective Isabel Lahiri  is called to investigate the theft and realizes Danny\'s gang attempted the heist based on her previous relationship with Rusty  as well as the Night Fox\'s involvement. She surprises the group at their lodgings, and warns them they cannot beat the Night Fox or his mentor LeMarc , both of whom she has been trailing for years. Danny and his gang discover the Night Fox is Baron François Toulour , a wealthy businessman who has a mansion on Lake Como. Toulour invites Danny to his mansion and reveals that he had hired Matsui to inform the gang about the certificate in order to arrange the meeting with Danny. Toulour is upset that LeMarc did not describe him as the best thief in the world, and challenges Danny to steal the Coronation Egg. If Danny and his gang wins, Toulour will pay off the debt to Benedict. Danny and his gang begin to plan an elaborate heist to swap the Egg for a holographic recreation, but the engineer hired by the group accidentally tips off Lahiri to their presence, and she captures most of The Twelve on their first attempt. Linus  comes up with a second plan to have Danny\'s wife Tess  pose as a pregnant Julia Roberts in order to get close to The Egg and swap it. They are foiled by Lahiri, and the rest of the group are captured. While Lahiri prepares her case against Danny\'s team, they are extradited by the FBI, aided by Lahiri having forged documents to allow her own involvement in the bust; the lead agent is in fact Linus\'s mother . Some time later, Danny and Tess return to Toulour\'s estate where he reveals his glee at their failure. Toulour claims to have stolen the Egg at night using his agility and Capoeira skills to evade the heavy security. Toulour\'s celebration is short-lived when Danny reveals that his group stole the Egg while it was in transit to the museum and Toulour realises they were tipped off by LeMarc. A flashback reveals that Danny and Rusty had met with LeMarc much earlier where he revealed his long con whose success would humiliate Toulour, bring him the Egg that he had stolen years ago and relinquished due to his wife\'s wishes, and eventually reunite him with his daughter. Toulour is forced to admit Danny won the bet and gives him the money for the debt. They pay back Benedict and promise not to perform any more heists in his casinos but Toulour keeps the group under watch . With Rusty\'s help, Lahiri is taken to a safe house lent to him by LeMarc, who reveals himself to be her father. The final scenes of the film, in which the primary characters enjoy a private poker session, imply that she and Rusty have re-kindled their relationship.'] ["Con man Eli Kotch  charms his way into a parole by playing on the emotions of a pretty psychologist , but drops her at the first opportunity to move around the country, romancing women and then stealing their possessions, or those of their employers. He's made a down payment on the blueprints to a bank at Los Angeles International Airport, but needs to raise $45,000 to complete the purchase. In Boston, he seduces and marries Inger Knudsen  the secretary of a wealthy elderly woman. Eli sends her to L.A. to set up housekeeping, on the pretext that a songwriter there is interested in his poetry. Meanwhile, he burgles another woman  to get the final amount of money he needs. Eli heads to L.A., where he begins to assemble his gang  for the bank robbery, which is timed to take place while the airport is distracted by the arrival of the Premier of the Soviet Union. To keep her occupied, Eli sends Inger to take Polaroid snapshots around L.A., supposedly for a magazine article he is writing. Using costumes stolen from a movie studio, he and one of the gang masquerade as an Australian policeman escorting an extradited prisoner in order to get through airport security, while the other two dress as LAPD policemen to get into the bank, bypass the alarm, and get a bank employee to open the safe. The gang pulls off the heist and makes a successful getaway to Mexico on a plane. Eli has no idea that Inger has been frantically trying to get in touch with him, because she has inherited $7 million from her former employer."] ['A man calling himself "Ryder" , along with three other heavily armed men Bashkim , Emri  and former train operator Phil Ramos , take Pelham 123, a {{NYCS}} that had departed from Pelham Bay Park Station at 1:23 p.m, uncoupling the front car from the rest of the train and taking the passengers hostage. MTA employee Walter Garber , a former assistant chief transportation officer, is working the Rail Control Center as a train dispatcher and receives the ransom call from Ryder, who demands $10 million in cash be paid within 60 minutes, and warns that for every minute past the deadline they force Ryder to wait, he will execute a hostage. Bashkim kills a plainclothes Transit Police officer attempting to arrest him. He and Ramos then allow all the people not in the front car to be released except for motorman Jerry Pollard . Garber reluctantly negotiates with Ryder and develops a rapport, while Ramos and Emri set up a wi-fi booster apparatus to enable Ryder internet access in the tunnel on his laptop computer. He uses it to watch the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunge nearly 1,000 points during the next hour in response to the taking. The booster also reconnects one of the passenger\'s laptop after it was casually knocked to the floor by the hijackers; its webcam facing the car\'s interior. The link reestablishes the passenger\'s videochat to his girlfriend\'s desktop, which she then gives to a local television station, allowing the authorities to use it as a live feed. It also allows the people at RCC to see what\'s going on; they see Ramos and Ryder later on. Lieutenant Camonetti  of the NYPD Emergency Service Unit, also known as the Hostage Negotiation Team, enters RCC to take over negotiations and Garber is ordered by his boss to leave the premises. The change infuriates Ryder, who shoots and kills the train\'s motorman in order to force Camonetti to bring Garber back. Camonetti learns Garber is being investigated for allegedly accepting a $35,000 bribe to recommend a Japanese car manufacturer for the next subway car contract, thus his demotion to train dispatching. He becomes suspicious and asks Garber to consent to a search of his home. Ryder also discovers the allegations through online news reports and forces Garber to confess by threatening to kill a passenger. Garber explains he took the bribe to pay his kids\' tuition. The Mayor  agrees to pay Ryder\'s ransom demand and orders cash from the Federal Reserve to be rushed to Vanderbilt Ave and 42nd Street to be delivered. The police transport delivering the money is involved in an accident and, despite the efforts of police motorcyclists, they fail to deliver within the deadline. Garber tries to bluff and tells Ryder that the tunnel was the only thing separating him from the money, unaware that Ryder could see the outside of Grand Central Terminal via his laptop. For lying, Ryder threatens to execute one of the children hostages and the child\'s mother, however another hostage, who was a former US Army Air-Assault Soldier, intervenes and instead gets shot by Ryder. A short gunfight then erupts, where in a NYPD sniper is bitten by a rat and accidentally fires his gun and kills Ramos. Based on several clues that Garber receives during the conversation, the NYPD discover that Ryder\'s real name is Dennis Ford, a former manager of a private equity firm, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison for investment fraud for stealing from the city pension fund. Although Ford had accepted the prosecution\'s 3-year plea bargain agreement, he received a sentence of 10 years from the judge. One of the Mayor\'s aides mentions the extreme drop in the major stock indexes, the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq Composite, due to the news coverage of the hostage-taking, which some in the media have suspected to be terrorism. The Mayor deduces that such an event would allow Ryder to make spectacular returns if he bet against the market that day , so he asks the SEC to identify major trades on put options. Garber is flown to Grand Central Terminal, the closest station to the takers\' location, when Ryder demands he personally deliver the ransom. Garber accepts a concealed pistol from a police officer and drops off the money. Ryder brings him aboard and orders him to operate the train to the next station, where he and the hijackers exit the train during a brief railroad switch stop. To ensure that the police follow the train , Ryder uses a special mechanism to lock the driving lever in the full-speed position, bypassing the dead-man\'s switch. Per Ryder\'s demands, the signals have been set to green and the train speeds ahead towards Coney Island. Garber manages to separate himself from the takers at a railway crossing and then follows them as they escape to the emergency exit inside the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. Ryder parts ways with Bashkim and Emri, who are later shot dead via suicide by cop after being surrounded by police. The runaway train\'s automatic brake is tripped by an unaltered red signal one station from Coney Island and it comes to a halt safely. Police learn Ryder is not on board. Ryder hails a taxi while Garber, who gets a truck, is in close pursuit. Ryder checks his laptop and finds that his $2 million investment in gold derivatives has amassed him a $307 million profit. Ryder leaves the cab on the Manhattan Bridge amid traffic and takes the bridge\'s pedestrian walkway but Garber catches up to him. As Garber holds Ryder at gunpoint, Ryder says that he is not going back to prison and gives him a 10 second ultimatum to kill him, before the other NYPD officers catch up to them. As he reaches the final seconds of the countdown, Ryder pulls out his gun in a provocative gesture which forces Garber to shoot. With his dying breath, Ryder calls Garber his hero as NYPD officers arrive on scene. Afterward, the mayor thanks Garber for saving the hostages, and hints the city will support him in the bribery investigation. Garber is later seen coming home with groceries, including a half-gallon of milk he promised his wife he\'d bring home during an earlier phone call.'] ['A gang of World War II 82nd Airborne veterans is recruited by Danny Ocean  and Jimmy Foster  to rob five different Las Vegas casinos (Sahara, [[Riviera  on a single night.  The gang plans the elaborate New Year\'s Eve heist with the precision of a military operation. Josh Howard  takes a job driving a garbage truck while others work to scope out the various casinos. Sam Harmon  entertains in one of the hotel\'s lounges. Demolition charges are planted on an electrical transmission tower and the backup electrical systems are covertly rewired in each casino. At exactly midnight, while everyone in every Vegas casino is singing "Auld Lang Syne" the tower is blown up and Vegas goes dark. The backup electrical systems open the cashier cages instead of powering the emergency lights. The inside men sneak into the cashier cages and collect the money. They dump the bags of loot into hotel\'s garbage bins, go back inside and mingle with the crowds. As soon as the lights come back on, the thieves stroll out of the casinos. A garbage truck driven by Josh picks up the bags and passes through the police blockade. It appears to have gone off without a hitch. Their ace electrician, Tony Bergdorf , has a heart attack in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip and drops dead. This raises the suspicions of police, who wonder if there is any connection. Reformed gangster Duke Santos  offers to recover the casino bosses\' money for a price. He learns of Ocean being in town and his connection to Foster, who is the son of Duke\'s fiancee. Santos pieces together the puzzle by the time Bergdorf\'s body arrives at the mortuary. Santos confronts the thieves, demanding half of their take. In desperation, the money is hidden in Bergdorf\'s coffin, with $10,000 set aside for the widow . The group plans to take back the rest of the money, making no payoff to Santos, after the coffin is shipped to San Francisco. This plan backfires when the funeral home talks Bergdorf\'s widow into having the funeral in Las Vegas, where the body is cremated&nbsp;– along with all the money.'] ["Danny  is a talentless entertainer who is hired by Marcus  and his motley crew to turn them into the biggest kids' group since The Wiggles. But while Danny is training them to become The Wannabes, they're secretly planning to use their new identity as cover to pull off a heist of a diamond necklace from the very rich Aurora Van Dyke . Aurora has hosted a party for her grandchild, and booked all the best child entertainers in town to perform, and as The Wannabes prepare for the show, two of the characters steal the necklace. The burglary doesn't go as planned, so they ditch the necklace and escape the scene without being caught. But after the escapade something totally unexpected happens; they end up becoming the hottest kids' band in the country. They even have The Wannabes merchandise and posters, etc.; they release an album and even do a performance on the Australian show Rove Live. Their fame continues to build until Aurora Van Dyke discovers they were the people responsible for trying to steal her necklace. After some escapades including abduction and rescuing, The Wannabes discover crime doesn't pay, but kids groups do."] ["The title character, a widow whose savings have been depleted by her selfish, middle-aged children, Lulu and Ad, finds herself homeless when the bank forecloses on her mortgage. She becomes friendly with Bill Green, an aging itinerant salvaging the house's plumbing, who she soon discovers is really fugitive bank robber William Gruenwald. Hoping to recoup her losses from the bank that took her home, Bunny blackmails Bill into teaching her how to rob the institution in exchange for keeping his identity a secret. She wears a long blonde wig, over-sized hat, and sunglasses, while he dons a fake beard, leather vest, and bell-bottom pants, and the two pull off the caper and escape on a 250cc Triumph TRW Trophy motorcycle. Buoyed by their success, Bunny convinces Bill to join her in more heists, and the different modus operandi they use - setting free a canary to distract the guard, setting off smoke bombs - make it difficult for police lieutenant Horace Greeley and criminologist R.J. Hart to profile their suspects."] ["Mastermind Dave Purvis ([[William Talman  is a professional criminal who devises a scheme to rob an armored car on its last pickup of the day. He recruits Benny McBride to his gang of thieves. Benny needs money because Yvonne , his striptease artist wife, has lost interest in him and is seeing another man. But the man she is two-timing Benny with turns out to be Purvis. The robbery itself, at Wrigley Field in Los Angeles, begins as planned but then goes badly wrong when a passing police patrol car intervenes. Purvis kills one of the police officers from the patrol car and he and his fellow robbers make their getaway. Lt. Jim Cordell , the dead policeman's partner, takes it upon himself to bring in his partner's killer and throws himself into the case, assisted by a rookie offsider. Meanwhile, Purvis's gang unravels bit by bit as distrust and paranoia begins to build. Benny, wounded by police during the heist, is killed by Purvis as he demands his share of the loot from the robbery and attempts to seek medical help. Gang member Al Mapes ([[Steve Brodie  gets away and looks up Yvonne at the Burly Q where she works, intending to use her as a means to find Purvis, who has kept all the loot for himself. The waiting police, however, arrest Mapes at the Burly Q and learn Purvis's identity. After a further manhunt, Lt. Cordell and his team corner Purvis and Yvonne at Los Angeles airport, and Purvis is crushed by a taking-off plane as he tries to escape across the tarmac."] ['Roger Beckerman  drives a Lamborghini Miura through the Italian Alps and enters a tunnel, where it crashes and explodes. He is killed, while a bulldozer pushes the remains from the tunnel and dumps them down a steep alpine gorge. Some time later, dapper mobster Charlie Croker  is released from prison. He soon meets with the widow  of his friend and fellow thief Roger Beckermann, victim of the Miura crash. She gives Croker her husband\'s plans for the robbery that attracted the attention of the Italian Mafia. The plans outline a way to rob the payroll of Turin-based automaker Fiat, and spirit it out of Italy. Croker decides to continue the plan despite the risks, but needs a large, well-equipped gang. He breaks into jail to meet Mr Bridger , a criminal who runs a gangland empire from prison. Croker explains "the Italian Job" but Bridger dismisses the plan out of hand, and indeed orders Croker be given "a good going-over" for disturbing his privacy. Bridger changes his mind shortly after, when it is announced that China is delivering a consignment of gold to Turin, as down-payment to Fiat for the building of a car factory. With this backing, Croker assembles a group including computer expert Professor Peach , electronics handler Birkinshaw  and several crime scene getaway drivers. Their hopes of avoiding unwanted intention in Italy is improved by the fact that the England national football team has a match in Italy at the time, and they will inevitably be among thousands of Britons. The plan calls for Peach to infect Turin\'s computerised traffic control to create a paralysing traffic jam that will prevent the police from recapturing the gold. Three Mini Cooper S\'s, able to navigate the gridlock in unconventional ways, will follow Beckermann\'s route through Turin to evacuate the gold. After planning and training, Croker and crew set out for Turin. Mafia boss Altabani  is waiting at an Alpine pass with a front-end loader. It damages their two Jaguar E-Type\'s and flips Croker\'s Aston Martin DB4 into the gorge, but decide not to kill Croker and his gang after he warns them that they would make a "grave error" in doing so, as the Italian community in Britain would face severe reprisals. He gathers the gang and manages to reach Turin, where Peach loads his guerrilla software into the traffic control computer the night before the heist. The next day Birkinshaw jams the closed circuit television that monitors traffic, just before Peach\'s software goes off and the city comes to a horn-honking standstill. The gang converge on the gold convoy, overpower the guards, pull the Armored car into the entrance hall of the Museo Egizio, and lock the doors. Inside, the gang transfer the gold to the Minis. Mafioso Altabani recognises that "If they planned this traffic jam, then they must have planned a way out of it." The three Minis race through the shopping arcades of the Via Roma, up the sail-like roof of the Torino Palavela|Palazzo a Vela, around the rooftop test track of the Fiat Lingotto factory and down the steps of the Gran Madre di Dio church while a wedding is in progress, shaking off several pursuing police cars in the process. The gang escapes the busy city by driving through large Sanitary sewer pipes, throwing off the police. The gang make their final getaway on a six-wheeled Harrington Legionnaire-bodied Bedford VAL coach, driving up a ramp on the back while the coach is travelling. Once the gold has been unloaded, the gang push the Minis out of the coach and down into ravines as it negotiates hairpin bends in the Alps. Charlie and the Mini crews meet the rest of the gang, who had sneaked out of the city disguised as English football fans in a minivan, and the other gang members join them on their coach. On their way to Switzerland on a winding mountain road, the celebration grows raucous as beer flows. When driver Big William sends the coach into a skid, the back of the bus is left teetering over a cliff and the gold slides towards the rear doors. As Croker attempts to reach the gold, it slips further, and the audience is left not knowing whether the coach, its contents, or its occupants survive a literal cliffhanger. Croker\'s last line is "Hang on a minute, lads, I\'ve got a great idea! Err... Err" The camera zooms out, still showing the bus on the edge of the cliff as the credits roll.'] ['The movie opens with Arsène Lupin III and Daisuke Jigen escaping in a Fiat 500 after robbing a casino in Monaco, only to discover that their entire haul is counterfeit. Lupin recognizes the distinctively high quality counterfeit bills from his early days as a thief when he was almost killed while searching for their source. He decides to seek out the source again, and the two head off to the rumored source of the bills, the Grand Duchy of Cagliostro. Shortly after arriving, they rescue a young girl being pursued by a gang of thugs, with her and Lupin falling off a cliff while escaping. Lupin is knocked unconscious, and the girl captured, but she leaves him a distinctive signet ring. Lupin later discovers that the girl, Clarisse, is the princess of Cagliostro and is to be married to the Count, the country\'s regent. The Count wants to cement his power and recover the fabled ancient treasure of Cagliostro, for which he needs both his ancestral ring and the princess\'s. After narrowly escaping a group of the Count\'s elite assassins, Lupin calls on Goemon Ishikawa XIII to help him and Jigen in their new quest to rescue the princess. He also tips off his longtime pursuer, Inspector Koichi Zenigata, to his whereabouts to provide a distraction. Zenigata\'s presence and a party give Lupin enough cover to sneak into the castle. There he finds his former lover, Fujiko Mine, posing as Clarisse\'s lady-in-waiting and she tells him where the princess is being held. Lupin makes his way to Clarisse, returns her ring, and promises to help her to escape. Before he can act, the Count ambushes them with his assassins and an oddly unperturbed Lupin is dropped down a trapdoor into the bowels of the castle. The returned ring turns out to be a fake, left by Lupin as a practical joke as part of his plan to be delivered into the area he wants to investigate. Infuriated, the Count flushes him deeper into the cellars, which are full of the bodies of spies killed while trying to learn the secrets of Cagliostro and the counterfeit bills. While down there, Lupin bumps into Inspector Zenigata, who was accidentally dropped down earlier. The two form a pact to help each other escape, which they accomplish by overpowering the assassins sent to recover the ring. Their escape leads them to a room full of printing presses—the source of the counterfeits. Zenigata wants to collect evidence, but Lupin points out they must escape the castle first. They start a fire as a distraction and steal the Count\'s autogyro. However, as they attempt to rescue Clarisse, Lupin is shot and seriously wounded. Clarisse offers the ring to the Count in exchange for Lupin\'s life. After securing the ring, the Count\'s attempt at betrayal is foiled when Fujiko\'s quick actions allow her, Lupin, and Zenigata to escape. While Lupin is convalescing, Zenigata tries to convince his superiors at INTERPOL to prosecute the Count for counterfeiting, but fearing political repercussions, they halt the investigation and remove him from the case. Meanwhile, despite his wounds, Lupin vows to stop the wedding and rescue the princess. Fujiko tips off Lupin on a way to sneak into the castle, and makes a plan with Zenigata to publicly reveal the counterfeiting operation under cover of pursuing Lupin. The wedding appears to go as planned with a drugged Clarisse until Lupin\'s "ghost" disrupts the ceremony. The Count calls his guards, but Lupin makes off with Clarisse and both her and the Count\'s rings. Meanwhile, Zenigata and his squad arrive in the chaos and the detective leads Fujiko, posing as a television reporter, to the Count\'s counterfeiting facility to expose the operation to the world. Lupin and Clarisse flee the Count, the chase ending on the face of the castle\'s clock tower. Lupin is forced to surrender the rings to save Clarisse, and they are both knocked into the lake surrounding the tower. The Count then uses the rings to reveal the secret of Cagliostro, only to be crushed by the mechanism as it moves to unveil the treasure. Lupin and Clarisse watch as the lake around the castle drains to reveal exquisite ancient Roman ruins—the true treasure of Cagliostro. Lupin and his friends leave Clarisse as Zenigata chases after them again and Fujiko makes off with the plates from the counterfeit printing presses.'] ['The plot follows a linear structure, encompassing the events of one night in a nightclub which has been hired for the night by protagonist Ben . The owner is unhappy with noise levels, fearing loss of his license, but noise levels is exactly what they want. The noise is specific cover for an illicit and complex bank heist orchestrated by the main character as a means of stealing a revered, ancient Chinese statuette and clearing his and his late brother\'s debt with a local Chinese crime lord. Ben must complete this task before dawn in order to spare his own life. As such, he hires three "experienced" bank robbers to perform the actual act, while he and his assistant ensure that the club night runs smoothly and without incident. However, such is not the case. Two FBI agents in the club  further thwart their plan, but a Chinese food delivery boy comes in on the plan and helps out giving cover stories for the loud bangs from the basement. Ultimately he clears out money from the bank vault and conspires that both the crime lord and his rival Chinese gang are both in the vault when the alarm goes off. The money belongs to the crime lord under a different name and he is found guilty of stealing his own money.'] ["The story starts in the city of Mumbai where a motorcycle gang starts breaking into banks and other public places and vanishing on the Western Express Highway. ACP Jai Dixit  a no-nonsense cop, is called inside the case. He is married to Sweety . Jai seeks the help of a thief named Ali  and devises a trap to catch the gang, but it fails. Kabir ([[John Abraham , the leader of the gang, eventually taunts Dixit by saying that he couldn't catch him even if he were right in front of him. He is proved correct and the failure of Dixit seemingly leads to the break-up of his partnership with Ali. Kabir then lures Ali into his gang to take place of Rohit, the gang member who was killed by Jai. Ali falls in love with Sheena , another gang member. The gang later goes to Goa to perform one last big heist before becoming disbanded forever. Kabir now sets his eyes on the biggest casino in all of India. Kabir and his gang swiftly loot the casino on New Year's Eve, but soon they realize that Jai has led them right into a trap. Ali was working for Jai the whole time and a fight ensues. Kabir manages to escape from Jai, and goes back to the gang's truck where Ali has tied up Sheena. Kabir then viciously beats up Ali for his betrayal, but Ali is saved by the timely arrival of Jai at the scene. The gang minus Sheena flees, while Jai and Ali give chase. All the gang members sans Kabir are killed by Jai and Ali. Kabir tries to escape on his bike. He is then cornered by Jai and Ali with nowhere to go. So Kabir decides to commit suicide rather than let Jai arrest him, and rides his bike over the edge of a cliff and into the water. The movie ends with Jai and Ali bickering as usual. It is hinted at the end that Sheena will be arrested."] ["Franklin Hatchett  is a car wash hustler, who gets dimed out to the police by an investigating news reporter named James Russell . When placed on a prison transport unit, he is handcuffed to a European criminal named Villard. The transport unit is attacked on a bridge, with the intent of busting Villard out. The attackers kill everyone with the exception of Villard and Franklin; they escape on a helicopter with another European named Dubray. While on the helicopter, Hatchett overhears the location of a cache of stolen diamonds. Hatchett then jumps out of the helicopter after hearing the discussion between Villard and Dubray to get rid of him. Now Hatchett's name and face are all over the news as an accessory to the prison break. Hatchett has to clear his name but he needs help. He calls on the only person who can help, the one that dimed him out, James Russell. Russell had just gotten fired from his job at Channel 12 News. Because he had the Top Story calling him on his phone asking for help improved his chances of getting his job back, because it was Sweeps Week. The two rampage all over the city to find clues to clear Hatchett's name, which eventually gets Russell's name involved and spread all over the news. Now, in the process of trying to clear both their names, the two find something more valuable than diamonds. Soon a gang war breaks out at a local colliseum when two separate gangs brawl in gun fights and threaten Franklin's life. Luckily, Franklin was saved when two of his friends used a bazooka and a machine gun to kill the thugs. James then kills Villard by placing several grenades under the chopper, blowing it up along with Villard. In the end both of their names are cleared and they are branded heroes. Franklin and James save two of the diamonds as jewelry pieces and James marries Grace with Franklin as his best man."] ['A clueless, aspiring criminal named John "Rugged" Rudgate  spends his days forging rebate coupons and selling speakers out the back of his van. One day, Rugged runs into an old acquaintance, the dim-witted Jeff Lagrand , who recently returned home to help his cynical sister run the storage facility that they inherited from their father. When Rugged tries to force his way into the Lagrand family business, things go terribly wrong—and the situation gets even more complicated when an emotionally unstable cop begins investigating.'] ['Belle Williams  is a talented driver and auto mechanic who dreams of driving in NASCAR. As the film opens she celebrates her last shift as a bicycle courier by performing a crowd-pleasing sequence of bicycle stunts as she passes through New York City, breaking a speed record in the process. She has won her taxi license. Belle neglects her boyfriend Jesse  and has bestowed much love on her custom-built cab over the past five years. This evening, having skipped her dinner date, she installs a supercharger into the cab that was given to her as a present for the last day. The next day, her first customer offers her a $100 tip if she can make it to JFK in fifteen minutes. She makes it in nine, making the passenger sick in the process. Meanwhile, a group of beautiful women exit the airport, with a man waiting for him. The action cuts back to New York City where undercover detective Andy Washburn  is about to bust a phone card ring from Cuba. He makes up a street name in Havana, which blows his cover, and a gunfight develops. Washburn\'s partner is wounded in the arm and the Cubans escape. Trying to follow them in his partner\'s car, Washburn starts it in reverse and crashes it into a store, also killing the detective\'s parrot that was outside. Back at the precinct station, Lt. Marta Robbins  confiscates his driver\'s license and demotes him to Foot Patrol duty. Later, hearing of a bank robbery, Washburn in plainclothes tries to flag down a car in the middle of a street, causing dozens of civilians, and their cars to crash into each other, resulting in a major pile-up. He flags down a taxi cab, which turns out to be Belle\'s. He commandeer\'s the car which transforms into the street car from before. They arrive at the bank just as the four robbers depart in a BMW. Washburn accidentally shoots out one of Belle\'s windows and they end up cornering the BMW in an alley. The BMW driver cleverly gives Belle the slip, but as the car passes she recognizes the occupants as the same models from the airport. Their leader is Vanessa , who also drives the car. In a misunderstanding, police arrive and hold up Belle and Washburn. Belle\'s cab is impounded as evidence and she is taken in for questioning as a witness to the robbery; she is upset as it means the loss of two weeks\' earnings. Washburn promises to get her cab back if she will join him on his beat—thus solving the problem of his confiscated license. Belle and Washburn pursue the robbers, getting close once or twice. Washburn takes Belle home. His mother  is constantly drunk and always has a margarita going in the blender. She brings up embarrassing moments of Washburn\'s past and why he\'s such a bad driver. Later, Washburn talks to the impound cop  and eventually convinces him to give him and Belle the cab back. They realize that the gang always robs banks just before the garbage collection is due. The robbers take the money, put it in the trash and the garbage man collects it. However, things haven\'t gone well, and Washburn is fired from his job. Later that night, Belle teaches him to drive. They discover that the garbage collector on the bank round has been performing collections for the gang because they have kidnapped his wife. They trace the kidnapper and recover the garbage collector\'s wife and all the loot. The police learn which bank is next to be hit, and they lie in wait for the robbers, who take a hostage. After a hostage swap, the gang escape with Lt. Robbins as hostage, followed by Washburn and Belle in her cab. Belle calls on the help of her former bike messengers to pinpoint the location of the car. Using the cash from the garbage truck they pinpoint the operation HQ and negotiate a trade. Belle transforms the cab and during the ensuing chase they continually try to swap the hostage for the money while driving down the highway. Washburn forces the robbers down a long bridge he knows is under construction. With the robbers trapped on a section of the long bridge, Washburn and Belle laugh victoriously. Enraged, Vanessa fires her gun at them and wounds Belle. Immediately afterward, Washburn drives Belle to the hospital singing "Everlasting Love". In the final scene, Belle is in NASCAR, fulfilling her dream, sponsored by New York banks. Washburn , Robbins, and Washburn\'s mother cheer her on. Jesse makes his proposal to Belle. Jeff Gordon, driver of the 24 car in NASCAR\'s top series, makes an appearance.'] ['A crooked lawyer brings together some of the clients he\'s gotten off and schemes to rob a bank vault. However, after the robbery, he discovers that the "goods" he\'s stolen is actually a top-secret microchip that foreign powers are after, and they will stop at nothing to get it.'] ['Two friends and convicts, Joe  Terry , break out of Oregon State Penitentiary in a concrete mixing truck and start a bank robbing spree, hoping to fund a dream they share. They become known as the "Sleepover Bandits" because of their modus operandi: they kidnap the manager of a target bank the night before a planned robbery, then spend the night with the manager\'s family; early the next morning, they accompany the manager to the bank to get their money. Using dim-witted would-be stunt man Harvey Pollard  as their getaway driver and lookout, the three successfully pull off a series of robberies that gets them recognition on the FBI\'s Ten Most Wanted list. When a housewife with a failing marriage  decides to run away, she ends up in the hands of the criminals. Initially attracted to Joe, she also ends up in bed with Terry and a confused love triangle begins. The three of them go on the lam and manage to pull off a few more robberies, but after a while the two begin to fight over Kate, and she decides to leave them. The two criminals then decide to pull off one last job. The story is told in flashbacks, framed by the story of the pair\'s last robbery of the Alamo Bank, as told by Criminals at Large, a fictional reality television show. The show tells the story of the last job to be a failure when Kate tips off the police and the two are caught in the act. The two then begin to argue when Joe tells the police "You won\'t take us alive!" and the argument gets to the point where the two of them shoot each other dead. At the end of the film the real story behind the last job is revealed: Harvey used some of his special effects to make it seem as though Terry and Joe were shooting each other. Harvey and his girlfriend then ran in dressed as paramedics and placed the stolen money, Terry, and Joe in body bags. In the ambulance, Harvey uses electronics to blow out his tires which sends the ambulance into a junkyard. Under his jumpsuit, Harvey was wearing a fire suit. He lights himself on fire and rigs a bomb to go off. Kate, Harvey, Harvey\'s girlfriend, Terry, and Joe flee the scene, leading officials to believe the bodies were burned. Reunited, Joe, Terry, Harvey and Kate make it to Mexico to live out their dream. The last scene shows Harvey getting married in Mexico and Kate kissing Joe and Terry passionately.'] ['Charlie Drake plays an honest locksmith whose problem is that he cannot resist the challenge of a lock. He gets smoothtalked into a safecracking scheme by a couple of ruthless gangsters. He is duped by a debonair con man into opening a car and safe, and lands in jail for a year. He is released, but gets trapped again. He finds himself as a pawn being manipulated by two gangs, and receives a three year jail sentence and an undeserved reputation as a master thief. With the help of undercover police woman, played by Nyree Dawn Porter, he helps trap the crooks and clear his name.'] ['After nearly being caught on a routine burglary, master safe-cracker Nick Wells  decides the time has finally come to retire from his illegal activities and focus on running his jazz club. Nick\'s flight attendant girlfriend, Diane , encourages this decision, promising to fully commit to their relationship if he does indeed go straight. Nick, however, is lured into taking one final score by his fence Max . The job, worth a $4 million pay off to Nick, is to steal a valuable French sceptre, which was being smuggled illegally into the United States through Canada but was accidentally discovered and kept at the Montréal Customs House. Max introduces Nick to Jack Teller , an ambitious, albeit foolhardy, thief who has infiltrated the Customs House and gained access to information regarding the security by pretending to be an intellectually disabled janitor named Brian. Nick hires his associate Steven  to hack into the Custom House\'s security system to obtain the bypass codes allowing them to temporarily manipulate the alert protocols of the system during the heist. Steven is caught, however, by a corrupt systems administrator who extorts Nick for $50,000 for the information. More complications arise when they\'re forced to move up their time-table after the Customs House becomes aware of the true value of the sceptre and adds extra CCTV cameras to monitor it while preparing to return it to its rightful owners. Nick uses a sewer tunnel to enter the Customs House basement as Jack uses the bypass codes to rig the cameras to shut off when Nick enters the storage room. One of the janitors stumbles upon Jack, but Jack locks him in a closet. Meanwhile Nick fills the enormous in-floor safe containing the sceptre with water before inserting and detonating a depth charge to blow off the door. He quickly packs up the sceptre in a carrying case to depart, but Jack double crosses him and at gunpoint demands he hand over the sceptre. Nick reluctantly gives up the carrying case and seconds later the alarm, rigged by Jack, alerts the entire compound to the heist. Nick darts for the sewer entrance he came in as Jack heads back upstairs, tucking the carrying case inside his janitor jumpsuit and slipping past the incoming police units responding to the burglary. Nick escapes the security guards chasing him through the sewer tunnels. After making it to a bus station to flee the city, Jack calls Nick to gloat but is shocked to discover that Nick has in fact double crossed him by giving him a carrying case containing a fake sceptre. Brushing off Jack\'s threats of vengeance, Nick advises Jack to flee as "every cop in the city" will now be looking for him. Nick hangs up and boards a boat with the real sceptre as a shocked Jack broods over his situation. Later, Max smiles as he watches a news broadcast reporting a massive manhunt being organized to find Jack, the prime suspect, and an unidentified accomplice. Nick then meets Diane at the airport as she returns from work, and she happily accepts a kiss and hug from him.'] ['A thief has just one morning to fix the damage done during the biggest heist of his career, all while attempting to repair his relationship with his ex-wife.Val Kilmer, Wilmer Valderrama and Marg Helgenberger to Star in Columbus Day John survives, and meets with his ex-wife to go to Florida to see their daughter.'] ["John C. Reilly plays Richard Gaddis, a small time crook with a penchant for con games. To hook marks, he acts like a well-to-do businessman, dressing like one and driving a Mercedes-Benz, believing that one must look like a professional in order to be a successful conman. Gaddis is searching for a new partner with whom he can perform more sophisticated cons. He discovers Rodrigo  after he sees the young man playing some minor con games in a casino-bar. When Rodrigo is caught, Gaddis acts the part of a vice officer to save him from being arrested. Rodrigo's contribution is a face and naive manner so trustable that he is able to con anyone, while Richard is both completely unprincipled and clever. After several small tests to determine Rodrigo's confidence ability, he suggests a partnership, to which Rodrigo quickly agrees. Although Rodrigo distrusts Richard greatly, he agrees to partner him on a gigantic scam, provided he gets a percentage of the money gained to help his ailing father, who is in trouble because of his gambling debts. Richard accepts, and they plan to sell a fraudulent version of a Silver Certificate currency note to William Hannigan, a rich collector who is in town. Gyllenhaal plays Gaddis' sister Valerie, a concierge at a hotel. When Hannigan takes a fancy to the uptight but very sexy Valerie, Gaddis is forced to pull her into the scam, the price of which is Richard's admission to their brother Michael that he has cheated him out of his share of their inheritance. The plot twists constantly as each of the characters becomes more deeply invested in the scam, and the ever-deceitful Richard tries to cheat Rodrigo, Valerie and Michael out of their share of the take. In the twist ending, it is revealed that all the major players involved, including Rodrigo and Hannigan, were playing a confidence game against Gaddis from the very beginning, so that Valerie and Michael could rightfully take their share of their inheritance."] ["In May 1940, as the German invasion of the Netherlands is underway, the British government decides to send a team to the Netherlands on board HMS Walpole HMS Walpole, event 13 May 1940 - uboat.net to secure stocks of industrial diamonds before the invaders can get to them. Accordingly, two Dutch diamond experts, Jan Smit  and Walter Keyser  with a British Army Intelligence officer, Major Dillon , are dropped by ship off the Dutch coast. Dodging German bombs and suspicious Dutch police and soldiers, they commandeer a car driven by Anna , whom they have just saved from trying to commit suicide. The four of them drive to Amsterdam. They meet Jan's father at his diamond business house and he agrees to try to persuade other dealers to bring their diamonds later that day for transport to Britain. But as many of the stones are stored in a time-locked bank vault which won't open for 24 hours, they recruit a group of sabotage experts to break in. With the Dutch police, including suspected fifth columnists, on their trail, the group manage to break into the vault and recover the diamonds. The three visitors make their escape whilst the armed Dutch helpers hold down the police and soldiers. They drive back to the coast, barely dodging German bombers. As they embark on a commandeered tugboat to take them back to the waiting ship, Anna elects to remain in the Netherlands and work with the nascent resistance movement."] ['David Burke  is a former policeman who was ruined when he refused to cooperate with state crime investigators. He has asked hard-bitten, racist, ex-con Earl Slater  to help him rob an upstate bank, promising him $50,000 if the robbery is successful. Burke also recruits Johnny Ingram , a nightclub entertainer who doesn’t want the job but who is addicted to gambling and is in debt. Slater, who is supported by his girlfriend, Lorry , finds out Ingram is black and refuses the job. Later, he realizes that he needs the money, and joins Ingram and Burke in the enterprise. Tensions between Ingram and Slater increase as they near completion of the crime. Burke is seen by a police officer leaving the scene of the raid, and is mortally wounded in the ensuing shootout with local police, so he commits suicide by shooting himself. Slater is cavalier about the death of Burke, which incenses Ingram. Ingram and Slater escape and run into a nearby fuel storage depot. They chase after each other on the top of the fuel tanks. They exchange gunfire and ignite the fuel tanks and cause an large explosion. Afterwards, their corpses are indistinguishable.'] ["Alex Gates  is a wealthy wine merchant who has distanced himself from his alcoholic wife Suzanne  with his philandering, and from his stepson Jason  with his indifference. Alex is heavily in debt, and cases the house of his clients, the Reese family. After he steals a valuable diamond necklace with the help of his Cuban mistress Gabriela  and his safe-cracker partner Victor , things start to fall apart fast. Suzanne sets out to interrupt what she thinks is another one of Alex's weekend dalliances down in the Florida Keys, but his trip is really to pawn the jewels. Trouble escalates when she discovers the truth and gets involved."] ['A manhole opens at night in an empty street and out climbs Lieutenant-Colonel Norman Hyde  in a dinner suit. He gets into a Rolls-Royce and drives home. There, he prepares seven envelopes, each containing an American crime paperback called The Golden Fleece, half a £5 note and an unsigned invitation from “Co-operative Removals Limited” to lunch at the Café Royal. He posts the envelopes to former army officers, each in desperate or humiliating circumstances. They all turn up. Hyde dismisses the waiters and introduces himself. He hands out the second halves of the £5 notes and asks their opinion of the novel, in which a robbery is committed by experts. They show little enthusiasm and he expresses surprise given their backgrounds and asks: “You’re all crooks, aren’t you? Of one kind or another”. Touring the table, pouring out brandy, he reveals why they were obliged to leave the British Army and their unenviable present occupations: *Major Peter Race , a former transport officer who resigned before his black market ring was uncovered in post-World War II Hamburg. He earns a poor living in unlicensed gambling and lives at the YMCA. He prides himself on his breeding and addresses men as “old darling”; *Major Rupert Rutland-Smith  is the hen-pecked husband of a wealthy young woman who delights in pulling his strings because he depends upon her money. She has affairs to which he can only turn a blind eye; *Captain “Padre” Mycroft  was a quartermaster dismissed for public gross indecency. He is now a con-man impersonating vicars and priests; he also enjoys lewd books; *Captain Martin Porthill  was dishonourably discharged for killing suspected members of EOKA and now works as a piano player and is a kept man to middle-aged women; *Captain Stevens , one-time fascist follower of Oswald Mosley, is a homosexual running a gymnasium. He needs money to pay a blackmailer ; *Captain Frank Weaver , formerly of a bomb disposal squad, tried defusing a bomb while drunk, killing four of his soldiers. He has been a teetotaller ever since and owns a small shop fixing clocks and watches, living with his garrulous wife  and aging father-in-law; *Lieutenant Edward Lexy , a communications specialist dismissed for selling information to the Russians while in Berlin. He runs a struggling repair shop for radios and fruit machines, illegally reducing the payout on the latter on behalf of criminals. Hyde tells them he has no criminal record himself but does have a grievance for being made redundant by the army after a long career. He intends to rob a bank using the team\'s skills, with equal shares of £100,000 or more for each man. He asks them to consider his proposal. Major Race follows Hyde home. He is interested, but warns Hyde to keep an eye on the others. Hyde agrees, yet insists each man receive an equal share because, “the one, sure way to disaster is for someone to get greedy”. Race agrees, smiles, and says Hyde is “losing a friend, but gaining a second-in-command”, "I\'ll settle for that." The gang meet under the guise of an amateur dramatic society rehearsing Journey’s End to discuss the plan before moving into Hyde’s house and living a military regime of duties and fines, £100 to £500, to be deducted from the haul. Hyde knows that a million pounds in used notes is regularly delivered to a City of London bank and has details of the delivery.In the original script, on the DVD Special Edition, Hyde reveals that he regularly visited a dying bank employee who gave him all the details and that they have stayed the same ever since. What they need now is equipment to pull off the robbery. They raid an army training camp in Dorset for arms and supplies.In the original script, when Hyde reveals his intention to steal from the army, Lexy mutters "Yes, well who would like to play Napoleon this week?... Do me a favour! I mean, how long do they let you out for?", to which Hyde answers "I\'m glad your reactions are normal, Mr Lexy. That\'s precisely the effect I wanted". Hyde, Mycroft, Porthill and Race distract soldiers by posing as senior officers on an unscheduled food inspection. The others steal weapons while posing as telephone repairmen, speaking in Irish accents to divert suspicion to the IRA. The gang rent a warehouse to prepare. Race steals vehicles including cars and a truck which are fitted with false number plates. They are disturbed by a passing policeman who ironically offers to keep an eye on their premises as he patrols. In Hyde’s basement, the gang train with maps and models. On the eve of the operation, Hyde destroys the plans and recalls his former military glory. The robbery is bloodless and precise. Using smoke bombs, sub-machine guns, and radio jamming equipment, the gang raids the bank, near St Paul’s. The money is seized without serious injury and the robbers escape. At Hyde’s house, celebrations are interrupted by the unexpected arrival of Hyde’s old friend, Brigadier “Bunny” Warren , who drunkenly recalls the old days. One by one the members leave carrying suitcases filled with notes. Then the telephone rings; Hyde is told that police and soldiers surround the house. Leading the police is Superintendent Wheatlock  from whom Hyde learns the flaw in his plan. A small boy outside the bank had been collecting car registration  numbers, a common hobby at the time. The police, discovering the number, found it had been noted by the policeman who visited the warehouse. The policeman had also noted the number of Hyde\'s own car. Thus a link was established between the robbery and Hyde. Hyde is escorted to a Black Maria in which the League of Gentlemen are, “all present and correct”, each having been captured as they left the house.'] ['Dr. Clitterhouse is a wealthy society doctor in New York City who decides to research the medical aspects of the behavior of criminals directly by becoming one. He begins a series of daring jewel robberies, measuring his own blood pressure, temperature and pulse before, during and afterwards, but yearns for a larger sample for his study. From one of his patients, Police Inspector Lewis Lane , he learns the name of the biggest fence in the city, Joe Keller. He goes to meet Keller to sell what he has stolen, only to find out that "Joe" is actually "Jo" . The doctor impresses Jo and a gang of thieves headed by \'Rocks\' Valentine  with his exploits, so Jo invites him to join them, and he accepts. Dr. Clitterhouse pretends to take a six week vacation in Europe. As "The Professor", he proceeds to wrest leadership of the gang  away from Rocks, making him extremely resentful. When they rob a fur warehouse, Rocks locks his rival in a cold storage room, but Clitterhouse is freed by a gang member Jo had assigned to keep watch on him. Afterwards, Clitterhouse announces he is quitting; he has enough data from studying the gang during their robberies, and his "vacation" time is up. He returns the gang to Rocks\' control. However, Rocks learns Dr. Clitterhouse\'s real identity and shows up at his Park Avenue office. Rocks tries to blackmail the doctor into continuing to plan the thefts. Clitterhouse learns that Rocks will not let him publish his incriminating research, and also realizes that he has not studied the ultimate crime &ndash; murder &ndash; so he poisons Rocks\' drink. Jo helps dispose of the body in the river, but it is recovered and the poison is detected by the police. The doctor is ultimately caught by his friend Inspector Lane and placed on trial. He insists that he did everything for purely scientific reasons and claims that his book is a "sane book" and that it is "impossible for an insane man to write a sane book". His determination to show that he is sane, and therefore willing to face the death penalty, convinces the jury to find him not guilty by reason of insanity.'] ["A mobster is hiding from the law in a small town and he's running out of money, so he robs a bank and rakes in some big bucks. However, now, not only are the cops after him, but so is the local mob boss who is jealous that an outsider pulled such a job in his territory, and especially without giving him a piece of the pie."] ['A career bank robber, Jack Foley , and a U.S. Marshal, Karen Sisco , are forced to share her car trunk during Foley\'s escape from a Florida prison. After he completes his getaway, Sisco chases Foley while he and his friends—his right-hand man, Buddy , and their unreliable associate, Glenn —work their way north to Bloomfield Hills, a wealthy northern suburb of Detroit. There they plan to pay a visit to shady businessman Ripley , who foolishly bragged to them years before about a cache of uncut diamonds hidden in his home. A vicious criminal named Maurice Miller  who also spent time in jail with Jack and Ripley is planning on hitting up Ripley\'s mansion with his own crew, including Kenneth  and White Boy Bob . A romantic interlude between Foley and Sisco takes place in a Detroit hotel, but the question of whether she is really pursuing Foley to arrest him or for love ends in a showdown during the robbery and adds to "the fun" Foley claims they are having.'] ['Thomas Crown, a millionaire businessman and sportsman, pulls off a perfect crime by having five men rob a Boston bank and dump the money—approximately $2.6 million—in a cemetery trash can. Crown never meets any of the five face-to-face, before or after the crime. He retrieves the money later and deposits it at a bank in Geneva. Vicki Anderson, an independent insurance investigator, is contracted to investigate the heist. She will receive a percentage of the stolen money if she recovers it. When Crown comes to her attention as a possible suspect, she checks him out and instantly is convinced he is the mastermind behind the robbery. Crown does not need the money but is in need of diversions. He plays polo and golf, flies a glider and drives a dune buggy, but is generally bored. Vicki makes it clear to him that she knows he is the thief and intends to prove it. They begin a game of cat and mouse, the attraction between them evident, and their relationship soon evolves into an affair. But it is complicated by Vicki\'s vow to find the money and help Detective Eddie Malone bring the guilty party to justice. A reward offer entices the wife of the bank robbery\'s getaway driver, Erwin, to "fink" on him. Vicki finds out that he was hired by a man he never saw. She tries putting Erwin in the same room as Crown, but there is no hint of recognition on either one\'s part. Vicki is clearly closing in, though. Crown decides to organize another robbery exactly like the first one, and tells Vicki where the "drop" will be, because he has to know for sure that she is on his side. The robbery is successful but there are gunshots and the viewer is left with the impression that people may have died, raising the stakes for Vicki\'s decision. Vicki moves in with the cops at the cemetery - they watch one of the robbers make the drop, and wait for Crown to show up so they can arrest him, but when his Rolls Royce arrives, she sees that Crown has sent a messenger in his place with a telegram asking her to bring the money and join him or if not, then she should keep the Rolls Royce. She tears the telegram to bits and throws the pieces to the wind, looking up at the sky with tears in her eyes. Crown is then shown flying away in a jet, a smile on his face.'] ['As a young ne\'er-do-well named Lightfoot  steals a car, an assassin attempts to shoot a minister delivering a sermon at his pulpit. The preacher escapes on foot. Lightfoot, who happens to be driving by, inadvertently rescues him by running over his pursuer and giving the preacher a lift. Lightfoot eventually learns that the "minister" is really a notorious bank robber known as "The Thunderbolt"  for his use of a 20 millimeter cannon to break into a safe. Hiding out in the guise of a clergyman following the robbery of a Montana bank, Thunderbolt is the only member of his old gang who knows where the loot is hidden. After escaping another attempt on his life by two other men, Thunderbolt tells Lightfoot that the ones trying to kill him are members of his gang who mistakenly thought Thunderbolt had double-crossed them. He and Lightfoot journey to Warsaw, Montana to retrieve the money hidden in an old one-room schoolhouse. They discover the schoolhouse has been replaced by a brand-new school standing in its place. Thunderbolt and Lightfoot are abducted by the men who were shooting at them -- the vicious Red Leary  and the gentle Eddie Goody ([[Geoffrey Lewis  -- and driven to a remote location where Thunderbolt and Red fight each other, after which Thunderbolt explains how he never betrayed the gang. Lightfoot proposes another heist — robbing the same company as before — with a variation on the original plan, since Lightfoot inadvertently killed their electronics expert, Dunlap, in his rescue of the fleeing preacher. In the city where the bank is located, the men find jobs to raise money for needed equipment while they plan the heist. The robbery begins as Thunderbolt and Red gain access to the building. Lightfoot, dressed as a woman, distracts the Western Union office\'s security guard, deactivates the ensuing alarm, and is picked up by Goody. Using an anti-tank cannon to breach the vault\'s wall, as they did in the first heist, the gang escapes with the loot. They flee in the car, with Red and Goody in the trunk, to a nearby drive-in movie in progress. Upon seeing a shirt tail protruding from the car\'s trunk lid, the suspicious theater manager calls the police and a chase ensues. Goody is shot and Red throws him out of the trunk onto a dirt road, where he dies. Red then forces Thunderbolt and Lightfoot to stop the car. He pistol-whips them both, knocking them unconscious, and kicks Lightfoot violently in the head. Red takes off with the loot in the getaway car but is again pursued by police, who shoot Red several times, causing him to lose control of the car and crash through the window of a department store, where he is attacked and killed by the store\'s vicious watchdog. Escaping on foot, Thunderbolt and Lightfoot hitch a ride the next morning and are dropped off near Warsaw, Montana, where they stumble upon the one-room schoolhouse - now an historical monument on the side of a highway - moved there from its original location in Warsaw after the first heist. As the two men retrieve the stolen money, Lightfoot\'s behavior becomes erratic as a result of the beating. Thunderbolt buys a new Cadillac convertible with cash, something Lightfoot said he had always wanted to do, and picks up his waiting partner, who is gradually losing control of the left side of his body. As they drive away celebrating their success with cigars, Lightfoot, in obvious distress, tells Thunderbolt in a slurred voice how proud he is of their \'accomplishments\', and slumps over dead. Thunderbolt snaps Lightfoot\'s cigar in half, and with his dead partner beside him, he drives off down the highway into the distance.'] ['{{Plot}} Several unidentified dead men dressed as Santa Claus are shown in various positions. Flash back to six days earlier, Nick and Rudy are cellmates in prison three days away from release; Rudy is incarcerated for grand theft auto. Nick has been corresponding with a young woman named Ashley, who is waiting for him on the outside. When Nick is killed during a prison uprising, saving Rudy’s life in the process, Rudy takes his place and lets the beautiful Ashley think he is the one who has been writing her the love letters. Before long, Rudy discovers that pretending to be Nick was not such a good idea after all, as some fellow criminals intend to use him for their own purposes—robbing the casino at which Nick used to work. Gabriel, the leader of a gang who assaults Rudy and Ashley in their cabin, claims to be Ashley\'s brother, rather than an old enemy of Nick\'s as Rudy initially assumes. Rudy tries to tell them he is not Nick, but Ashley continues to confirm he is and that she wrote to him knowing Gabriel was going to kidnap and force Rudy to assist in the robbery. Rudy, while furious with Ashley, is reluctantly forced to go along with his ruse since he knows his is worthless to Gabriel as Rudy. While Nick and Rudy were cell mates, Nick had told Rudy many stories of being back home and working at the casino. Using the information from Nick’s stories, Rudy is able to devise a plan to rob the casino. Rudy informs Gabriel that the biggest loot is hidden inside a safe in the manager’s office called the “PowWow” safe. On the night of the robbery, Rudy breaks out of his holding in order to find a way to arm himself as he knows Gabriel will still have him killed when the robbery is over. During this task, all he finds is a knife but he also he stumbles upon Gabriel and Ashley together and learns that Ashley is in cahoots with Gabriel. Rather than being the reluctant, abused sister that Rudy initially thought she was, she is actually Gabriel’s girlfriend, who was planning to set up Nick. The group robs the casino, each dressed as Santa Claus. Rudy, forced to take part in the robbery, hides the fact that he knows Ashley’s secret. Shots are fired and security guards and Santas are shot. Ashley drives into the Casino killing two policemen who have shown up and lets Nick/Rudy know she is in on the heist. All meeting in the casino manager\'s office, Rudy’s true identity is revealed when Gabriel introduces him to the casino manager as Nick. However the manager recognizes that he isn’t Nick and tells Gabriel. Gabriel, furious at Rudy’s deception, spares him for a moment when he demands to know where the "PowWow” safe is, where Rudy had earlier claimed contained embezzled money. When Rudy correctly guesses it is behind the manager\'s liquor cabinet, Gabriel has the manager open the safe. When he opens it, the manager grabs guns from inside and kills one of the robbers as the rest flee. Rudy kills another one of the robbers and is then grabbed by Gabriel and Ashley who tie him up in their 18 wheeler truck. They plan to drive him off the edge of a cliff in a burning vehicle located in the truck with a little of the money so that officials will guess all had been burned. Rudy scolds Ashley for her selfish and manipulative ways saying Nick truly loved her and how dare she plan to hurt him this way, but she lost in that Nick died happy and in love. Ashley then fires back, pointing out Rudy’s hypocrisy as he pretended to be Nick  after Nick saved his life. Rudy then realizes he never told Ashley that Nick saved his life. Gabriel knows this and questions Ashley as to how she knew that. Realizing that she just slipped up too much information, Ashley shoots and kills Gabriel. As she continues to prepare Rudy for going over the edge, Nick appears, having staged his death at the prison. Rudy learns that the two had collaborated to rob the casino using Rudy and other thieves. Ashley had known the entire time who Rudy truly was. Nick also informs Rudy that the 6 months of stories were to set him up to take his place and Nick knew he would because Rudy is predictable. After they tie Rudy to the steering wheel to drive off the cliff, he produces the knife he had gotten earlier and begins to cut his bindings. He hot wires the car and reminds them that putting a car thief behind the wheel isn\'t a good idea. He then sets it to reverse and crushes Nick. After Ashley begins firing at him, he rams the car into her and dives out of the vehicle as the car with her on the hood goes over the edge of the cliff. Nick, still alive but seriously injured, tries to convince Rudy that they can share the money, Rudy locks him in the truck and also sends it over the cliff, resulting in an explosion. Rudy picks up the stolen cash and begins distributing it in mailboxes he comes across on the way home.'] ['Joe Moore  runs a ring of professional thieves, which includes Bobby Blane , Don "Pinky" Pincus  and Joe\'s much younger wife Fran . During a daylight robbery of a New York City jewelry store, Joe\'s face is captured by a security camera. As both the picture and a witness can identify him, Joe chooses to retire from crime and plans to disappear on his sailboat with his wife, living off their share of the heist. This doesn\'t sit well with Joe\'s fence, Mickey Bergman , who runs a legitimate garment business as a front. After accruing a number of expenses in setting up another, much more complicated robbery, Bergman decides to withhold the payment due to Joe and his crew. He insists they go through with the other job — hijacking a Swiss airplane carrying a large shipment of gold. Bergman further insists that his hot-headed nephew, Jimmy Silk , be a part of the crew. Joe reluctantly accepts, but a series of shifting loyalties amongst thieves changes the complexity of their task. That includes Jimmy\'s personal interest in Joe\'s wife and the belief of both Bergman and Jimmy that Joe\'s skills are in decline. The plane robbery is set up as a series of misdirections. Pinky poses as an airport guard while Joe, Bobby, and Jimmy pose as airport security personnel. They stop the jet while pretending to be responding to an onboard emergency. They fill a van with what they take from the plane, then move the van to a rented garage on the airport grounds, where they re-brand it and call for a tow truck to have it hauled away. Jimmy betrays the others in a bid to steal both the gold and Fran. He knocks out Joe after everyone else has left, then tells Fran that he knows Joe had changed the plan. He and Fran take the van, but Jimmy finds out that, instead of bars of gold, the hidden compartments are filled with metallic washers. Joe avoids arrest and returns to the plane in disguise. He and Bobby remove a shipment of goods they had booked on board the same Swiss flight, which they insist now must be driven to its destination due to the plane\'s delay on the runway. Inside the shipment is the stolen gold, which Joe and Bobby then melt and mold into long golden rods. A furious Bergman has his thugs apprehend Pinky, who is walking his young niece to school. Pinky discloses the plan in order to save his niece\'s life . Bergman and his crew arrive at Joe\'s sailboat along with Jimmy and Fran, where they hold Joe at gunpoint, demanding to know: "Where\'s the gold?" They notice that the railings of the boat are golden. Fran leaves with Jimmy, pleading with Bergman to give Joe some money and let him go. Bergman checks the railings. They turn out to be merely painted. Bergman counts to three, preparing to shoot Joe, when a hidden Bobby surfaces and opens fire. Bergman\'s men are killed. Bergman is wounded and helpless. He asks Joe, "Don\'t you want to hear my last words?" Joe replies, "I just did," and shoots him dead. Bobby gives Joe the address where to send his share. Joe waits to meet Fran with a new truck filled with black-painted gold rods. Jimmy shows up with Fran. They take the truck and the gold, Fran telling Joe: "You\'re the one who sent me to him. You shouldn\'t have sent me to him." A double-crossed Joe gets into a different much older truck to leave. A black bar in the truck accidentally scrapes the garage doorway, revealing a gold tint underneath. Joe lifts a tarp in the truck bed, revealing that most of the real gold rods were concealed under it. He covers the scratched rod with the tarpaulin and drives away, smiling.'] ['A lone cop is the only hope for a ski resort held hostage by a white supremacist jewel thief in this action thriller.'] ["Ray  and his friends want to lease an old restaurant so they can tunnel from the basement of the restaurant to a nearby bank. Frenchy  covers what they are doing by selling cookies from the restaurant. The bank robbery scheme is a miserable failure, but after they franchise the business, selling cookies makes them millionaires. In the film's second act, Frenchy throws a big party and overhears people making fun of their decorating taste and lack of culture. She asks a man named David  to train her and Ray so they can fit in with the American upper class. Ray hates every minute of it, but Frenchy likes their new culture. What Ray and Frenchy don't know is that David is really just using Frenchy to get money for art projects he wants to do. Ray finally gets fed up and leaves Frenchy. David and Frenchy go to Europe for more cultural enlightenment and while there, she gets a call and finds out she's been defrauded by her accountants. She's lost everything including her cookie company, home, and possessions. David immediately dumps her. Meanwhile, Ray has gone back to being a crook and tries to steal a valuable necklace at a party. He has had a duplicate made and through a series of circumstances gets the duplicate and real one mixed up. At the party he finds out that Frenchy is broke so he leaves and goes to see her. He consoles her by saying he stole the valuable necklace and shows it to her. Her new-found cultural enlightenment enables her to tell the necklace was a fake; Ray has gotten the wrong one. But she produces a cigarette case that she has given to David as a gift and steals back when he dumps her. It once belonged to the Duke of Windsor. They reconcile, decide to sell it and go together to Florida."] ['Nikita  is a teenage junkie who participates in the robbery of a pharmacy owned by a friend\'s parents. The robbery goes awry, erupting into a gunfight with local police, during which her cohorts are killed. Suffering severe withdrawal symptoms, she murders a policeman. Nikita is arrested, tried, and convicted of murder and is sentenced to life in prison. In prison, her captors fake her death, making it appear that she has committed suicide via a tranquilizer overdose. She awakens in a nondescript room, where a well-dressed but hard-looking man named Bob  enters and reveals that, although officially dead and buried, she is in the custody of a shadowy government agency known as the Centre. She is given the choice of becoming an assassin, or of actually occupying "row 8, plot 30"as per the original French version/English subtitles, referring to her fake grave. After some resistance, she chooses the former and proves to be a talented killer. One of her trainers, Amande , transforms her from a degenerate drug addict to a femme fatale. Amande implies that she was also rescued and trained by the DGSE. Her initial mission, killing a foreign diplomat in a crowded restaurant and escaping back to the Centre from his well-armed bodyguards, doubles as the final test in her training. She graduates and begins life as a sleeper agent in Paris with her boyfriend Marco , a man she meets in a supermarket and who knows nothing of her real profession. Her career as an assassin goes well until a document-theft mission in an embassy goes awry, requiring the Centre to send in Victor "The Cleaner" , a ruthless assassin. Victor\'s task is to help Nikita salvage the mission and destroy all the evidence of the foul-up, but he is wounded by the embassy guards and dies during the escape. Marco reveals that he has discovered Nikita\'s secret life, and, concerned over how her activities are affecting her psychologically, persuades her to disappear. Upon discovering that she abandoned the agency, Bob meets with Marco, and they both discuss and decide what is best for Nikita.'] ['Maindrian Pace  is an intelligent, respectable insurance investigator who runs a quality auto chop shop in Long Beach, California. What very few know is that he is the leader of a group of professional car thieves which steal cars around the town and sell it remodeled for a good price. One day, a South American drug lord arrives at Pace\'s office and offers him $400,000 to steal 48 specific cars to be delivered to his place within five days. The cars are all very high-end, ranging from Mustangs and Cadillacs to limousines and race vehicles, making the order quite difficult to fill it under the time limit, but Pace still wants to get the money. Mapping out a basic strategy, the gang begins to scout out their targets which have all been given female names. One example is a yellow 1973 Ford Mustang Mach 1, receiving the code name"Eleanor". Being part of the insurance industry, Pace does have one small idiosyncrasy when it comes to stealing: All of the cars stolen by the gang must be insured, because Pace wants to make sure the owners get the insurance for the cars. The thieves carry out their plan easily at first but run into a couple of obstacles. First, a white Cadillac that the gang steals is revealed to have several kilos of heroin stashed in the trunk. Against his brother-in-law Eugene\'s suggestion to sell the heroin on the side, Pace has the Cadillac and its contents burned at a remote location. Then they discover that the "Eleanor" they stole is not insured after its owner posts a notice on the local newspaper. After pleas from his fiancée Pumpkin Chace he decides, much to the chagrin of his buddies, to return it. After that, they manage to get 47 cars stolen and delivered. On the day before the deadline, a disguised Pace spots another "Eleanor" at a radio station in Long Beach and prepares to steal it, but is unaware the police have been alerted after his brother-in-law sells him out anonymously following a fight over the stolen Cadillac. As a result of the tip-off, two detectives  confront a disguised Pace as he is about to drive out of the carpark. This results in a lengthy 34-minute car chase  that spans from Long Beach to Carson. During the chase, Pace drives a battered "Eleanor", which belongs to the radio DJ of Constant Country K-Fox who is giving updates on the chase but doesn\'t know it\'s his car, into a 30-foot jump over a prior car crash, losing the police in the process. Pace is now desperate because the car is almost destroyed. Minutes later, Pace spots another yellow "Eleanor" Mustang pulling into a car wash. He asks for his car to be washed and then dupes the owner of the other Mustang into reporting to the manager\'s office. He subsequently leaves the car wash with the other Mustang, switching the license plates and removing his disguise. The Mustang owner faints at the sight of the wrecked "Eleanor" exiting the car wash machine while the manager is arrested by the police, who mistake him for Pace.'] ["England, 1950. A gang of robbers led by the self-proclaimed George 'The Great' Brain  rob a bank, stealing £50,000. However, due to a mix-up, they are pursued and caught by the police. He manages to stash away the money in the trunk of a hollow tree, before he is collared. The gang are then sentenced to serve fifteen years in Wormwood Scrubs prison. Upon their release in 1965, the gang go back to the spot where they had left the money, only to find it is now a new town, and a housing estate has been built around the tree. To their chagrin they find that the tree is now in the grounds of the local police station, invitingly close to the wall. George and his gang take up rooms in a nearby house rented by a widow and her daughter. In order to provide a respectable front, George is forced to marry his longtime girlfriend Myrtle Robbins  who is not so enamoured about the idea of recovering the loot, and wants George to settle down with her. The incompetent criminals fail in their numerous attempts to get over and under the wall, all the while trying to conceal their true activities from their landlady, her daughter and a local police constable  who also stays there. Eventually when the men have botched an attempt to tunnel into the grounds, the frustrated women hatch their own plot to gain the money."] ["Max Washington, just released from prison after serving time for burglary, is a talented tap dancer. His late father owned a dance studio that is now run by Little Mo, whose daughter Amy Simms gives lessons to children. Back on the streets, Max isn't interested in dancing again but he is interested in seeing Amy, his former girlfriend. A local gangster, Nicky, doesn't care for Max personally but does try to recruit him to take part in a robbery. Amy has a job as dancer in an upcoming Broadway show and tells its choreographer about Max, hoping to land him a role in the chorus. Max is reluctant to agree to it, then incensed when he is humiliated during the auditions. Max must decide whether to swallow his pride and dance the way the man wants, or give up his art once and for all and return to a life of crime."] ["Ronnie ([[Robert Buchanan , Wal , Andy  and Vic ([[John Hughes  are four bored, unemployed teenagers from Glasgow. One day Ronnie comes up with the idea of stealing stainless steel sinks from a warehouse and selling them. Their plan involves dressing up as girls and using a chemical 'stop-motion' potion."] ["The story is of three orphans  and their two father figures . They are taken in by both a wealthy crime boss  which leads to their close friendship, and a kind police officer . Nevertheless, the trio grows up learning high-tech methods of theft and specialize in stealing treasured paintings. After a heist in France goes awry, Chow's character is thought to be dead and Leslie takes Chow's place as Cherie's lover. However, Chow returns in a wheelchair and the group begins planning their next heist for themselves, fall out of favor with Tsang, and various complications and gun battles ensue."] ["Nicole Bonnet loves her father, but he is an art forger whose Paris home is filled with objects like a fake Vincent Van Gogh painting and a Cellini statue of Venus that is actually something her grandfather sculpted, using her grandmother as a model. To great fanfare, the Venus is loaned out by Charles Bonnet to be placed on public display at a museum. Nicole scolds her father repeatedly that he is risking exposure and imprisonment if he continues this deception. In the middle of the night, Simon Dermott is caught by Nicole in her house, removing the Van Gogh from the wall. Although she picks up a gun and accidentally shoots him in the arm, Simon charms his way into a second chance. He even persuades Nicole to drive him back to his hotel, where the only thing he ends up stealing from her is a kiss. A wealthy American named Davis Leland comes by, aggressively expressing his love for Nicole and the Venus, not necessarily in that order. He impulsively gives her a gigantic diamond engagement ring and implores her to sell him the statue at any price. Charles obliges the museum by signing a document insuring the Venus for a million dollars if it is damaged or stolen. He is unaware until it is too late that his signature also authorizes the museum to have the sculpture inspected by an art expert, simply as a formality to confirm its authenticity. Horrified that her father is about to be exposed for the crook he is, Nicole appeals to Simon to break into the museum and steal the Venus. He is reluctant, in part because the building is so heavily guarded, but also because he can't get Nicole to explain why she needs to steal a statue that her own family owns. Simon masterminds the burglary. He and Nicole hide in a closet, from which he is able to escape after business hours even after it has been locked. In the tight confines of the closet, Nicole's resistance to his charms ends when Simon reveals that he has sensed from the very beginning that the statue is a fake. He only went along with Nicole's heist scheme because he has fallen in love with her, and the truth is, he is not a burglar but a British private investigator specializing in art forgery, which is why Simon broke in to examine her Van Gogh that first night, not to steal it. He twice sets off the security system's loud alarms, annoying the guards as well as the politically influential neighbors. Guessing right that the alarms will be shut off permanently, Simon steals the Venus off its pedestal and hides it in Nicole's pail, which she is using to pose as a floor-scrubbing museum cleaning woman. They escape successfully. A day later, as news of the million-dollar robbery dominates the news, Davis is tipped off about an art expert who might be able to find it for him, stolen or not. That expert is Simon Dermott, who does indeed give the American both the artwork and the engagement ring, keeping Nicole for himself."] ['Due to a miscarriage of justice Willis Newton  was in prison. Afterwards he worked on a farm and was in love with the owner\'s daughter. Their marriage was confounded when her father was informed that Willis had been a convict. Willis returns to his family\'s land and tells his mother how the farmer offered him to stay as a mere worker. Still upset he craves for a chance to escape poverty and goes to town. Willis meets with two criminals named Slim and Glasscock in a western saloon. The proprietor is an Indian chief who got rich when oil was found on his land. Word is the chief would not have even been allowed to enter the saloon as a guest before that. Thus Willis learns that social climbing is possible for him too if only he happens to get to a lot of money somehow in the first place. Now he will collect a great deal of money by robbing banks until he can purchase an oil well. Slim persuades Willis and Glasscock to carry out a bank robbery in broad daylight. Slim is caught when all three of them try to escape on horseback while the sheriff chases them in a car. Willis and Glasscock later find a bank director who buys the looted war bonds and sells them information on plenty of other banks. Henceforth Willis and Glasscock rob banks at night and get away by car. Glasscock turns out being an expert for nitroglycerin. Willis talks his brothers into supporting him. He tells them that bankers are the worst crooks at all and subsequently robbing their money would only mean that little thieves stole from big thieves. He also says all banks were insured anyway and the insurance companies ought to be thankful because they couldn\'t sell any insurances if there wasn\'t a bank robbery every now and then. The Newton Gang is very prolific and some bankers prove to be the crooks Willis takes them for because they exaggerate their losses. Subsequently the insurance companies force banks to invest in enhanced safes. The new safes withstand nitroglycerin. Consequently the Newton Gang goes to Toronto and ambushes a cash transport in broad daylight. Despite an elaborate plan many things go awry and the gang members can scarcely escape. Willis decides to become "legal". The oil spring Willis purchased is a huge setback that costs him nearly all his money. In his despair he goes as far as telling his wife that God didn\'t want him to be "legit". After that he is easily lured into another criminal endeavour. He gets very enthusiastic about a train robbery at night. Unfortunately Glasscock is not as good with a gun as he was with nitroglycerin. He confuses Dock Newton with a guard, panics and shoots him. Willis needs to bring his wounded brother to a doctor and this undertaking eventually blows their cover. All Newton Brothers are finally arrested and sentenced.'] ["In 1748, England is infested with highwaymen, such as Will Plunkett, a London-based criminal working with a partner. However, very soon into the film his partner is killed by Thief Taker General Chance, and Plunkett finds himself on the run from the local constabulary. This incident was witnessed by Captain James Macleane, who was being taken to a debtor's prison. He also sees Plunkett's partner swallow a ruby, which he sees as his ticket out of debt, and, after narrowly escaping discovery by Chance, he goes to the cemetery and tries to exhume the body and retrieve the ruby. Unknown to him, Plunkett is also waiting there, and he forces Macleane to give the ruby to him. He then also swallows it, as they are both found by Chance's men. They go together to Newgate Prison, and Plunkett realises that, because of Macleane's social rank , he can give the ruby to Macleane and he can use his influence to buy them both out of prison. This, despite protests from Macleane, starts a partnership which could be very successful, where they use Macleane's title to get to know the rich, and Plunkett's brains and planning to rob them later on. However, this all goes haywire when Macleane falls for the beautiful Lady Rebecca and lets their secret slip. Eventually, Plunkett's plans to escape the country to America are spoiled by Macleane's uncontrollable spending, and Plunkett leaves him to the gallows. However, Plunkett comes back at the very last minute to save his friend, and all three leave for America. At the very end Plunkett gets his own back on Chance as he shoots him in the head in the sewer."] ['Retired master car thief Randall "Memphis" Raines  is forced to return to Long Beach, California and his former trade to steal 50 cars in 72 hours for British crime boss Raymond "The Carpenter" Calitri . Calitri is threatening to kill Memphis\'s younger brother Kip  after Kip and his associates failed to make the deadline to deliver the stolen cars. Memphis quickly reassembles his old crew including his mentor Otto , former girlfriend Sway , former colleagues Donny  and Sphinx . Raines also reluctantly agrees to allow Kip and his crew to participate after being told by Otto that the job would be impossible without them. LAPD Detective Roland Castlebeck  and his partner Detective Drycoff  get wind of Raines\'s return to town and begin investigating. Raines decides to steal all 50 cars in one night so that the police won\'t be on to the thefts until it\'s too late. As the thefts begin, the plan is changed midstream when Castlebeck learns the identity of three cars to be stolen and stakes them out. Recognizing the police surveillance, Raines instead brazenly steals three alternate cars from a police lot. After discovering the list of cars to be stolen, Castlebeck predicts that Memphis will save the 1967 Custom Fastback Mustang codenamed Eleanor, for last. Memphis had unsuccessfully tried to steal the same model car numerous times in the past but each attempt ended badly. When Detective Castlebeck catches Memphis in the act of stealing Eleanor a high-speed chase ensues through Long Beach. The chase ends when Raines jumps the car over a traffic jam on the Vincent Thomas Bridge. Memphis arrives at Calitri\'s salvage yard 12 minutes after the deadline. Calitri and Memphis argue over the deadline and the condition of the car, which sustained damage during the police chase. Calitri decides to make an example out of Memphis and orders his men to kill Raines and crush the car. Memphis manages to break free with the help of Attly Jackson  and Kip, and confronts Calitri himself. Calitri is interrupted from killing Raines by the arrival of Castlebeck, who has learned of Memphis\'s true reasons for pulling the job. Memphis manages to kill Calitri by pushing him over a railing. Castlebeck, indebted to Raines for saving his life, lets Memphis go. In return Memphis tells him where the stolen cars are. The film ends at a barbecue held by Raines\'s crew in celebration of the success of the job. As a token of his gratitude, Kip presents Memphis with a pair of keys in a small box. As Memphis is wondering what are the keys for, Otto invites everyone inside. Memphis realizes that Kip bought a rusty old Fastback Mustang for him to restore as his own. Memphis is worried that Kip stole the car but is assured that Kip actually sold his chopper to buy it. The film ends with Memphis and Sway driving off in the car, which stalls out.'] 