['After learning about the "Hip Hop Witch", a powerful supernatural being that lurks in the ghettos and attacks upcoming rappers which makes their record sales go up, five suburban teenagers go on a quest to get their rap careers started by being attacked by said witch. Filming their experience, they run into past hip hop stars that have already battled the Witch in person.'] ["The movie begins when Tommy ([[DMX  and Sincere , along with fellow crew members Mark and Black, rob a nightclub. After dropping Black off, the others go to Tommy's house to hide out for a while. Their noise wakes up Keisha , Tommy's girlfriend, who is trying to sleep. Sincere says that he too is tired, and he and Mark leave soon after. Sincere returns to his house, where his wife Tionne  and baby Kenya wait. Back at Tommy's house, Tommy learns of a new, potent form of heroin that is making its way to America. After a passionate night with their women, Tommy and Sincere meet early in the morning and Tommy tells Sincere about the new drug, and also how much money they could make if they got involved with Tommy's friend Ox, a drug lord who is receiving shipments. Reluctantly, Sincere agrees. At Mark's grandmother's basement, Tommy talks to an associate, Knowledge, over the phone while Sincere confronts Black about the money and being disrespectful. Black is beaten up and pistol whipped by Tommy, who then forces Black to strip naked in front of everyone while firing at least 3 shots to the ground. Black sits on the couch crying. The duo, along with some of their friends from the neighborhood, including Knowledge and Mark, start transporting drugs  from Queens to Omaha, and begin to take over the drug scene there. This is met with jealousy from a local drug dealer named Big Head Rico , who informs the police of their activities. This results in a raid at their stash-house, in which Mark is critically injured and Knowledge getting arrested. Knowledge calls back home from the local jail and is told by Keisha that Tommy isn't there, nor should he have called home since the FBI had placed wire taps on their phone. Knowledge gets angry that Tommy won't come to bail him out, and calls up Shameek aka Father Sha , to not only infiltrate Rico's gang and to kill Rico, but to handle Tommy. While at a strip club in Omaha, Shameek confronts Rico and informs him that Knowledge sent him here to check him and others. When Rico tries to run, Shameek shoots and kills Rico as well as some members of his crew. While reloading his guns, the bartender shoots Sha with a shotgun out the club and Shameek manages to escape from the cops with injury. Meanwhile, Tommy goes to Jamaica with Ox, and kills Sosa, the son of a drug lord there, at a stoplight while dressed as a homeless man, as a favor to Ox. Meanwhile back in Tommy's house, Keisha is arrested by police and later bailed out by Tionne. Later when the deceased's family and friends finds out that is was Ox who ordered the hit, Pelpa, the gang's leader and close friend of Sosa, sends a hit squad to kill him in his home, and Ox is able to kill them all before a femme fatale named Chiquita swoops down from his top floor and slits his throat. While this is going on, Sincere has been trying to get out of the drug game and move his girlfriend and child to Africa, despite Tommy's jokes that he was getting soft for wanting to leave. They make plans to leave on New Years, 2000. However, now Sincere is suspicious of Tommy; since the Omaha incident, Tommy has been on the run and was caught in Atlanta, GA, along with two young dealers from the neighborhood, Wise and LaKid, selling weed. One night at dinner, Tommy instigates an argument between Wise and LaKid, in which causes both men to draw out their guns and LaKid shoots Wise dead. Tommy, who is too drunk and high, gets arrested and later released. Sincere feels that Tommy would give him up to save himself. This was not the case. Tommy was chosen by federal agents to assassinate a black Muslim leader, Rev. Saviour,  who had been preaching against the government on New Year's Eve. Later on, Sincere talks with his friend, Shorty about what is going on lately and getting out the drug game. Tionne later comes home from shopping only to find Shameek and a few other men waiting for her inside and when he asks for Sincere and Tommy, Tionne draws out her gun while they draw out theirs, but decide to spare her life and leave. Later while talking to a friend ([[AZ  outside a barbershop, Black and an accomplice confront Sincere and shoots him in the leg, which causes Sincere to shoot both Black and his accomplice dead and takes off. On New Years' Eve, Tommy confronts the leader in his study before he was to make a massive speech of hope and points his gun at him. The leader convinces Tommy not to go through with his mission, even though it was betraying the government and now putting his life at risk. At the same time, Shameek visits Keisha's home, in the hopes of finding Tommy there. Shameek slaps Keisha around, but Keisha is able to grab his gun right before he was going to kill her, turning the gun on him instead of her. Sincere, having known everything that was going on, and surviving an attempt on his life too by his old friend Black, takes that moment to get out of New York as his family starts life over in Africa."] ['The film depicts several prominent figures from the early hip hop culture, engaging in activities such as MCing, turntablism, graffiti and B-boying.'] ["The movie begins with a flashback of a later scene in the movie in which Russell Redds  and JellyRoll  are running out of a concert being chased by an angry mob and shot at as they drive off in Redds' car. The plot starts off with Russell Redds coming home late and sneaking into his wife's purse to get her checkbook. He then hears her wake up and pretends to sleep only to be caught by his wife who already knows what happened. This indicates that Redds does not have all the money for the concert yet. Meanwhile his co-partner JellyRoll is fooling around with another man's wife at a hotel only to be encountered by a TV show's crew  who hunts down people who cheat on their loved ones. Suddenly Gina's husband Ronnie, who is a cop, drives into the parking lot and starts to shoot at them from his cop car as JellyRoll and Gina escape by car. Meanwhile Redds visits his mom and begs for money but is turned down and is forced to steal his wife's checkbook while she is in the shower. He checks up on his son who goes by Yung Semore and makes sure he is ready to open up for Jeezy and perform at the concert. He continues his plans by picking up JellyRoll and getting a rent-a-van to pick up Young Jeezy instead of getting a limo. He gets Jellyroll to pick them up from the airport as he runs errands around Modesto getting more money or getting hotel reservations for the rapper and his entourage. After taking forever to arrive at the airport, JellyRoll finally shows up and picks the rapper up at the airport and find outs Jeezy wants some weed badly so he decides to take them to the hood to get some. He meets up with his drug dealer Mondo who scolds him for getting weed for the rapper and asks if Jeezy can come to his after party. JellyRoll insists that the rapper wants 20,000 dollars to show up and Mondo accepts and gives him the money. This is where things start to turn for the promoters as JellyRoll spends the 20,000 dollars on clothes and jewelry instead of using it for the show to pay Jeezy his money. From there, the movie turns wild and intense as Russell Redds and JellyRoll try to figure out a way to get Jeezy to perform while dodging Mondo and his crew and getting the money to pay Jeezy to perform."] ['Three young friends and aspiring rappers, Albert , Euripides , and Otis  want to make their big break. In order to get their name heard, they appeal to local crime kingpin and nightclub owner Gusto , but during a failed meeting the police rush in and throw Gusto in jail. Gusto believes that the trio set him up, swearing revenge when he is released from prison. However, while Gusto is locked up, Albert steals his criminal background and identity to become "MC Gusto", and forms the hardcore gangsta rap group CB4 . CB4 becomes the hottest band on the charts with controversial hits like "Sweat of my Balls" and "Straight Outta Locash", and their rise to fame is documented by an aspiring director  and his cameraman. As an ambitious politician  seeks to shut them down for obscenity charges, tensions between the group arise over one member\'s gold-digging groupie girlfriend . The group breaks up, and the strain of the charade takes its toll on Albert\'s family life and relationship with his wholesome girlfriend Daliha . Gusto eventually escapes from prison and sets out to get revenge by making Albert appear to really be the criminal he pretends to be, but the plan backfires and Gusto is sent to prison for life. Albert gives up the pretense of being a gangsta, and the group has a happy reunion tour.'] ["Rashaan Nall stars as rising East Coast rap star Jaxx, who has formed a musical partnership with longtime buddy Mayhem . Enter Domino Breed , ruthless CEO of Da Block Records, a West Coast label. Filling Jaxx's head with promises of solo stardom and innumerable creature comforts , Domino lures the young performer to California. As he becomes immersed in the gangster lifestyle common to so many of Domino's disciples, Jaxx grows distant from his friends and loved ones, especially his wife Shonda , who had originally been in favor of her husband's career move. Inevitably, the greed-dictated rivalry between Jaxx and his former partner Mayhem culminates in tragedy."] ['Kelly, a struggling young jazz dancer  meets up with two break dancers, Ozone   and Turbo , who have a bitter rivalry with another crew, Electro Rock, consisting of poppers Popin\' Pete , Poppin\' Taco  and Lollipop . They also struggle to overcome scorn from Kelly\'s dance instructor, Franco, who disapproves of her hybrid dance style and affiliation with street dancers. Kelly soon becomes the sensation of the street crowds. Through it all the audience is treated to a variety of breakthrough performances, including Turbo\'s "Broom Scene" and Taco\'s unique popping solos during the dance battles at the Radiotron nightclub. Many hit songs are featured, including "There\'s No Stoppin\' Us" by Ollie & Jerry and "Tour de France" by Kraftwerk.'] ['{{Plot}} David  and Elgin  lead a promising dance crew in Los Angeles, California who participate in street dancing battles at a warehouse owned by a local club owner, Mr. Rad . The film opens up with their crew battling another crew led by Vick . Their crew serves Vick\'s and Vick\'s crew is very disappointed After the battle, David and Elgin go to a club to deliver drugs for a drug lord named Emerald  in order to get money for the battles. When David and Elgin are challenged by Wade ([[Christopher Jones , a rich kid from Orange County, for $5,000, they think it\'s easy money. After winning a double or nothing battle, Wade and his best friend, Max ([[Robert Hoffman  meet Elgin at a park. Elgin tells them that his crew will battle their crew next Saturday night, but Wade and Max think that Elgin\'s crew are not good enough to battle them at night. Furious, Elgin accepts their offer. He borrows money from his grandmother for the battle. In the moments before the battle, David and Elgin are shocked to learn that Sonny, who was angry that the crew had decided not to split the entire five thousand, has joined Wade\'s Crew. Mr. Rad also announces that there will be no fighting during the battle. A fight nevertheless breaks out in the middle of the battle, and Mr. Rad and Mr. Chuck break it up. The crowd applauds Wade\'s crew and David and Elgin are furious that they have lost for the first time. Elgin tries to tell Mr. Rad that Wade and his crew stole their moves, but Wade, crowing over his success, delivers the titular line, "You\'re just mad... \'cause tonight you suckas got served!" David and Elgin\'s crew leaves very angry. Meanwhile, David and Liyah , Elgin\'s sister, are falling in love. David picks her up from work and they go to a restaurant. While playing basketball with Vick, whose crew dumped him because they weren\'t winning, Elgin gets a cell phone call from Emerald telling him that he wants them to come earlier to do their job. Elgin tries to call David immediately, but before David can take Elgin\'s call, Liyah turns off his phone, leaving Elgin to do the job himself. Elgin is beat down by some local thugs that take Emerald\'s money landing Elgin in the hospital, in trouble with Emerald, and furious at David for not doing his job. The friends split up and form their own crews, but neither is as good as on their own as they are together. Elgin forbids Liyah to see David, ignoring the fact that she and David want to help him. Rico  tells David and Elgin about the "Big Bounce," a $50,000 dance competition purportedly sponsored by MTV which will provide the winning crew the opportunity to perform in a Lil\' Kim video. Elgin sees this as a way to pay back Emerald and his grandmother. Attempts to bring Elgin and David together, particularly by Liyah, are fruitless, and twice they nearly come to blows and have to be separated. Elgin receives a visit from Emerald, who tells him he has a couple of weeks to pay him back. He warns Elgin not to cross him or he "will never walk, let alone dance again." During the qualifying rounds of the Big Bounce, many crews perform and impress the judges with their skills. When it is time for David\'s crew, although they and Elgin\'s crew are impressive, two slip-ups cost David\'s crew a chance to make it to the finals. Elgin\'s crew, however, does. While lamenting his loss to Elgin\'s crew, David and Liyah learn that Lil Saint, who has been accepted into the crew, gets killed by a drive-by. The next day, Rico goes over to Elgin\'s house and tells him that they should reunite the crew in honor of Lil\' Saint. David arrives a few minutes later, not knowing that Liyah and Rico set them up, and is told the same thing, but he and Elgin disagree. Elgin\'s crew, going by the name "The Lil\' Saints", shows up to the finals of the "Big Bounce" competition. Wade Robson and Lil\' Kim host the competition. The finals begin, but when they announce the winner, they discover there is a tie between "The Lil\' Saints" and "Wade\'s Crew". Both crews refuse a tie. Lil\' Kim gets advice from Mr. Rad, who declares a battle competition, "straight hood," with no rules, even allowing other people to join the battling crews. David and Elgin made up with some conviction from their friends, prompting David to rejoin the crew. They battle Wade\'s crew, dedicating the battle to Lil\' Saint. "The Lil\' Saints" win after they get the loudest noise from the crowd. Elgin gave his blessings for David and Liyah to be together, and the two kissed. Wade and Max walk up to them, very upset, saying that it was not fair they lost. David replies with, "Y\'all just mad, \'cause today, you suckas got served." Then everyone started chanting "Served", and Wade and Max walked away in shame. The movie ends with the Lil Saints celebrating their remarkable victory.'] ['Riding the notoriety of winning the weekly Freestyle Friday rap battle on BET’s 106 and Park for seven consecutive weeks, Jin shattered seemingly insurmountable boundaries and stereotypes by becoming the first Asian American rapper to sign a recording deal with a major label when he signed with Virgin Records . The film follows Jin and his crew as they tour Asia to promote Jin’s debut album, The Rest is History. Along the way, we are treated to a fascinating glimpse into the life of a rapper, as well as the rapidly growing hip hop communities in Asian cities such as Hong Kong, Shanghai, Taipei, and Tokyo. The film gained wide acclaim and some shock from screening audiences at the Atlanta Film Festival as they reacted to the startling visage of Jamaican-American promoter Andrew Ballen speaking fluent Chinese on the Shanghai leg of the tour.'] ['A teenage girl of Hispanic heritage named Cynthia Gimenez lives in a cramped Manhattan apartment on the edge of Spanish Harlem. Her mother and grandmother speak minimal English. Her older sister is an unwed mother living on welfare. Her older brother is a drug-dealing junkie. In the course of the film, Cynthia faces chaos and betrayal. One of her friends is deliberately murdered, while another of her loved ones is accidentally shot. She runs from the police at one point, and to them at another. But through it all, Cynthia has a secret friend: Anne Frank. In a flashback scene early in the film, Cynthia’s now-dead father gives his young daughter a dog-eared copy of The Diary Of Anne Frank and for the rest of the film Anne’s words, read verbatim by Cynthia, provide both her solace and her inspiration. Cynthia buys herself a plaid notebook that looks very much like Anne’s original, and she retreats to her corner, like Anne did, to record her private thoughts. “All children must look after their own upbringing,” she reads, and from these words she understands that she can either blame her surroundings and give up, or take responsibility for her own future. She finds out that her brother is selling her poems to a rapper named ‘Deuce’ who has been performing them and recording them and claiming them as his own. But with Anne’s voice in her head, Cynthia finds her courage, and by the end of the film she has transformed herself into an artist named “Anne B. Real.”'] ["Melvin Van Peebles acts as the film's narrator, introducing the film's main characters. Yves Malmaison  is a world-famous French fashion designer, a flaming homosexual with a preference for red hair, he once experimented with an American woman, and thus he has a son, Sebastian . Chilly D  is a struggling rapper who has been stealing dresses made by Malmaison to redesign and give to his many girlfriends. On the night of a big fashion show, Malmaison is poisoned, and Chilly D is chased by the same people who poisoned the fashion designer. Through a turn of events, the souls of both men wind up in Chilly D's body. Several days later, following Malmaison's funeral, he wakes up in a hospital to discover, to his shock, that he is no longer in his own body. Stumbling the streets, confused, Yves as Chilly tries to piece together elements of his former life, with no such luck. Making things even more difficult is the fact that every time they are struck or hit, they switch between their two personalities, leading to confusion and disorientation for people they bump into. Yves manages to convince his son Sebastian that it is him, and they try to find out who killed him, finding that drug smugglers are trying to take over the company. At the end of the film, Chilly D manages to have all of Malmaison's memories, but still be himself, and so he and Sebastian go into business together."] ['Set in the South Bronx, the film follows the lives of a pair of brothers and their group of friends, all of whom are devoted to various elements of early hip hop culture. Kenny Kirkland ([[Guy Davis  is a budding disc jockey and MC, and his younger brother Lee  is a hardcore b-boy who dances with Beat Street Breakers . Kenny\'s best friends are Ramon , a graffiti artist known by his tag, "Ramo", and Chollie , his self-styled manager/promoter. The film begins with the main characters preparing for a house party set in an abandoned apartment building, where Kenny is the featured DJ. An uninvited Lee and his breakdancing friends crash the party, and nearly get tangled into a battle with a rival troupe, the Bronx Rockers . The battle of mostly words is broken up by Henri , a squatter who lives in the building and is befriended by Kenny, Chollie, Ramon, and Luis . Kenny has dreams of performing in New York City\'s top nightclubs. No club is bigger than the Roxy, and on one visit he crosses paths with Tracy Carlson , a college music student and composer. A breakdance battle between the Breakers and Rock Steady ensues, and Tracy admires Lee\'s performance. She then invites him to audition for a television show focusing on dancing. Lee, Kenny, and their crew arrive during a dance rehearsal, and Lee gives his performance only to find out he won\'t be on television. Protecting his brother\'s interests, Kenny rips into Tracy for leading Lee on; Ramon steals a videotape of Lee\'s dance as the crew walk out. A remorseful Tracy then shows up at the Kirkland home to apologize. Lee was not home but Kenny was, working on a mix tape. Tracy clarifies her story, saying that she did not promise to Lee that he was going to be on the TV show. She then takes an interest in Kenny\'s mixing and the two find common ground. Kenny and Tracy then head into the subway, where they meet up with Lee, Ramon, and Luis spray painting an abandoned station platform. They pack up and leave when they hear noises, thinking it may be the police; it turned out to be a rogue graffiti artist known as Spit who defaces Ramo\'s work  by spraying his tag over it. As the group take the train back uptown, Kenny and Tracy break away and spend the rest of the evening together, striking up a romance while walking and talking. Chollie talks Kenny into a guest spot at the Burning Spear, a club run by DJ Kool Herc. Kenny not only spins but presents a special Christmas-themed skit performed by the Treacherous Three, Doug E. Fresh, and the Magnificent Force. The crowd\'s positive reaction convinces Kool Herc to invite Kenny back. But both Kenny and Chollie see the regular gig as a stepping stone to their bigger goal. They return to the Roxy, where auditions are being held for new talent. Chollie convinces Kenny to let him do the talking, and waits for the auditions to end before he succeeds in getting the talent scout to check out Kenny at the Burning Spear. The scout keeps his word, and is impressed enough that he offers Kenny a performance on New Year\'s Eve. Tracy offers to help Kenny out by allowing him to work on a computer keyboard system at her studio. However, Kenny accidentally presses a wrong button and deletes his work. Stubborn and frustrated, Kenny leaves the studio, saying he had enough material for New Year\'s Eve. Meanwhile, Ramon is feeling pressure from two sources. His father Domingo , who despises his graffiti, wants him to find honest work, while his girlfriend Carmen , the mother of his son, longs for them to be together as a family. Ramon eventually gets a job in a hardware store, and he then takes Carmen and their baby to live with him in Henri\'s building. But Ramon does not stop thinking of the subway trains that are his canvas. When he sees a white-painted one pass him by, he vows to put his mark on it. Later that evening, Ramon and Kenny find the train and proceed to paint one side of the lead car. As they work on the second side of the car, Ramon hears noises, and they discover the rogue graffiti artist Spit, defacing the completed side. Ramon and Kenny chase Spit through the tunnel and into a station, and a fight ensues. Spit sprays paint in Ramon\'s eye, and both men tussle on the roadbed before they roll onto the electrified third rail, which kills them instantly. As the group mourn the death of their friend, Kenny considers not performing for the New Year\'s Eve show at the Roxy. However, with the help of Tracy and despite initial reluctance from Chollie, Kenny turns his big break into a celebration of Ramon\'s life. The show is the film\'s grand finale, starting with a rap performance by Kenny while images of Ramon and his work were shown on a screen in the background. Kenny is followed by Grandmaster Melle Mel & the Furious Five and a Bronx gospel choir, and backed by dancers and breakdancers.'] ['Johnny Van Owen  is a carefree rapper who drifts from city to city performing with his crew. As the film begins, Johnny is performing at a nightclub rapping and dancing with his crew and a club background songstress  singing ["Cool as Ice "]. When the club closes for the night, Johnny receives a phone number from a female audience member. The crew then heads out on their motorcycles, heading to their next show. While the group passes through a small town, the rebellious Johnny falls for honor student Kathy Winslow . The crew is stranded in the town after a member\'s motorcycle breaks down and has to be left at a local repair shop. While waiting for repairs, Johnny uses the opportunity to see Kathy. Unfortunately for him, she already has a boyfriend named Nick , whom he advises Kathy to dump . Acting on a tip from Kathy\'s younger brother, Tommy, Johnny shows up with his crew at a local club frequented by Kathy and her friends. Noticing that no one was enjoying the live music playing at the club, Johnny and the crew decide to perform a musical number  by unplugging the other band\'s instruments and taking control, shocking the audience and ending with Johnny sweeping Kathy off her feet, humiliating Nick. He offers to forgive Kathy and take her home, but she refuses and walks home by herself. Unbeknownst to Kathy, however, she is stalked by two strange men in a car. She is saved by Johnny, who takes her home. At the club\'s parking lot, a jealous Nick and his friends smash up motorcycles belonging to Johnny\'s friends. Nick\'s friends attack the rapping biker who fights back, leaving Nick in the hospital with a broken nose. Kathy\'s father, Gordon ([[Michael Gross , becomes suspicious of Johnny, and warns Kathy to stay away from him because they can\'t trust strangers. Despite her protests, her father insists; for her safety as well as that of the Winslow family. The next day, Kathy goes for a ride with Johnny against her father\'s wishes. They ride all over town, including a construction site, paying no heed to the time . When they finally return home, they are greeted by an angry Gordon, who coldly warns Johnny to stay away from his daughter. Gordon, under pressure from his wife Grace , reveals to Kathy the secret of his past--he was once a police officer before he met her mother. They were on the run from two corrupt cops  and were able to escape using fabricated documents, explaining why he kept his life a secret from Kathy all these years. Kathy criticizes her father, saying it was not fair that he lied to her in order to protect her, yet refuse to permit her to see a total stranger. The next day, Johnny agrees to give Tommy a ride on his bike. They cruise through the streets, and finally back to the Winslow home where Tommy is kidnapped. At the repair shop, the crew prepares to leave town since the bike has been repaired, but they tell Johnny to say goodbye to Kathy for the last time. When Johnny arrives at the Winslow house, he finds an envelope meant for the family. It turns out to be a message from the crooked cops with Tommy recording it. Fearing the worst, Gordon accuses Johnny of criminal involvement, much to Kathy\'s dismay. When Kathy asks Johnny to play the tape left behind by the kidnappers, he hears a loud clanging noise from a construction vehicle, revealing the message was recorded at the construction site. The gang ambushes the kidnappers and rescue Tommy. When the police arrive, the gang return Tommy to the Winslows, and Gordon apologizes to Johnny. The rapper tells Kathy he has to move on, but she decides to follow him. Around the same time, Nick arrives in his car, telling Kathy to get used to being a biker chick because she will never see him again. Not discouraged, Kathy holds on as Johnny uses the car as a ramp, much to Nick\'s shock. The two new lovers then ride off into the big city. The film ends with Johnny finally reaching his destination, rapping  and dancing with his crew to an audience at a night club. Kathy, who is among the audience, joins him on stage after the show is over, dancing alone in the spotlight.'] ['Philip Randall Bernard a.k.a. "Flip"  is faced with the decision to join the police force, or attempt to live his dream of becoming a Hip Hop/spoken word artist. The film shows both of Flip\'s possible futures.'] ["Two hip-hop rappers, A-Maze and Young Eastie, are both struggling in a twenty-four hour time frame in Miami, Florida. Young Eastie is an up-and-coming rapper with big dreams of making music; on the other hand, A-Maze, who already has the fame, is a rapper gone sour with bad press and a change in his fan base. Eastie is working on his music, also working at a fast-food restaurant, selling marijuana out of the window. He and his friend/producer Jay, portrayed by Lil' Scrappy manage to get an interview with A-Maze, which gives Eastie a chance to give him his demo. A-Maze's bodyguard shoots a fellow musician during a club party, which sends the media hounding for his head. The shooting causes his career to go belly-up overnight, and presses his contractor, portrayed by Big Daddy Kane to release his album to capitalize on his temporary limelight. In the meantime, Eastie and A-Maze's rivals  come after both Eastie and A-Maze to keep them quiet about the simultaneous shootings which took place the night before, slowing both of them down before the end of the night."] ["Spork is about a 14-year-old intersex misfit who identifies as a girl. She is unpopular, mistreated by her classmates, and very soft-spoken. Her next-door neighbor and best friend, Tootsie Roll, is planning on entering the school Dance-Off to win $236 which she would use to visit her dad in prison. During a hair-product-related dancing accident, Tootsie Roll injures her ankle and can no longer compete. Spork rises to the occasion and surprises the whole school by signing up for the Dance-Off. The film touches on many controversial issues such as racism, sexism, classism, homophobia, and gender roles on a serious level and keeps an air of comedic value. Spork is also notable for featuring young actors playing their own ages , instead of older teen actors made to look young. It is rare, but not unrealistic, that young actors are seen handling such adult themes and language. The period that the movie is based in is unclear as there are several anachronisms. For example, Spork and Tootsie Roll are listening to hip-hop songs from the early 1990s and wearing 90s fashion, while the antagonist, Betsy Byotch, and her crew are wearing 1980s garb, listening to 80s music yet they worship Britney Spears. The character of Charlie is obsessed with Justin Timberlake which is late 1990's. It is mentioned throughout that Spork and Charlie are obsessed with The Wizard of Oz, but the only difference is Spork's love for The Wiz and Charlie's love for the 1939 The Wizard of Oz."] ['The film starts out with Jimmy Smith , a young and unhappy blue collar worker, struggling with different aspects of his life. He has moved back north of 8 Mile to the rundown trailer home in Warren of his alcoholic mother, Stephanie , his sister Lily , and Stephanie\'s abusive live-in boyfriend Greg . Jimmy is focused on getting his music career started, but he seems unable to catch a break. Just prior to the events of the film, he ends a relationship with his recently-impregnated babysitter, Janeane , and during the film, begins a new relationship with Alex , whom he meets at the factory when she shows up one day looking for her brother. Jimmy comes to realize that his life has remained largely the same since he graduated high school. At first, he considers himself a victim of his circumstances and blames others for his problems. Over time, though, Jimmy begins to take responsibility for the direction of his life and realizes that he has a large degree of control over how it will go. He begins to question whether his group of friends, including Future , are holding themselves back from moving on to bigger things. With his onstage choke still fresh in his mind, he appears to decide that he will give up on or postpone his dream of a music career in favor of devoting more time to his day job and building a home life. Jimmy\'s new-found responsibility becomes evident to his supervisor at the factory as well. At the beginning of the film, when Jimmy requests extra shifts, his supervisor laughs at him , but by the end, Jimmy\'s improved attitude and performance earn him the extra work he had originally asked for. However, a late night shift conflicts with the next battle tournament. Jimmy initially doesn\'t want to go, but a visit from Alex changes his mind. Paul, a homosexual co-worker whom Jimmy stood up for earlier in the film, agrees to cover for him. The battle acts as kind of a "final conflict" with a rap group called "Leaders of the Free World", who have harassed Jimmy throughout the film. This begins with the deterioration of Jimmy\'s friendship with Wink.. The latter continually pesters Jimmy everyday with promises that he can help him "get big"- that he knows people with influence, and that Wink can hook Jimmy up with the support he needs. However, he is betrayed when Jimmy shows up at the studio and finds Wink having sex with Alex. A fight ensues, in which Wink is badly beaten. In revenge, he shows up with Papa Doc and the other members of "Free World" to attack Jimmy outside his home in the trailer park in front of Lily, with the mob badly assaulting him, and leaving him with a black eye that\'s present at the final battle. Jimmy\'s friends hail him throughout the film as an incredible rapper, but until this point the film only shows snippets of his skills. The tournament has three rounds, and in each of them Jimmy faces a member of the "Leaders of the Free World". Jimmy wins both of the first two rounds with progressively more impressive freestyle raps. In the last round, he is paired against Papa Doc, the tournament\'s most feared battler and Jimmy\'s main antagonist throughout the storyline. Jimmy is aware that Doc knows all his weak points, so he decides to address them preemptively with his freestyle. Jimmy acknowledges without shame his white trash roots and the various humiliations the Free World clique have inflicted on him, and then uses the difficult life he\'s had as a springboard to reveal the truth about Papa Doc: despite passing himself off as a thug, he has a privileged background. Doc, whose real name is Clarence, attended Cranbrook, a private school located in upper class Bloomfield Hills, and lived all his life in a stable two-parent household. Jimmy makes a reference to "Shook Ones Pt. II", the beat that the DJ is spinning, by calling Papa Doc a "halfway crook", which sends the crowd into a frenzy. Doc is left with nothing to say in rebuttal and drops the mic. As Jimmy leaves the venue, Future suggests that he stay and celebrate his victory while also offering a position that would allow him to host battles at The Shelter. Jimmy refuses, claiming he has to get back to work and do everything his own way, to which Future agrees. The final shot displays Jimmy walking away from the shelter, more confident of the future ahead of him.'] ['DJay  is a pimp and drug dealer who is dissatisfied with his life. After acquiring a keyboard and reacquainting himself with an old friend from school, Key , who has become a sound technician, DJay decides to try his hand at making hip hop songs. Key and his sound-mixer friend Shelby  help DJay put together several "flow" songs. While DJay quickly proves to have a real talent for lyrics, in which he expresses the frustrations of a small-time hustler struggling to survive, it is his first fixed-length song, done at the urging of these friends, which most obviously has the chance of becoming a hit and getting local radio play. The group experiences many setbacks throughout the creative process. DJay must hustle those around him in order to procure proper equipment and recording time, and Key\'s relationship with his wife becomes strained. DJay throws out one of his prostitutes, Lexus, for ridiculing his art. DJay\'s pregnant prostitute, Shug , joins in the creative process, singing hooks, and the group eventually records several fixed-length tracks, including "Whoop That Trick" and their primary single "It\'s Hard Out Here for a Pimp". After their first recording, DJay begins to show a romantic interest in Shug. DJay\'s friend, Arnel , informs him that Skinny Black , a successful Memphis rapper, will be returning to the neighborhood for a Fourth of July party. DJay gains admittance to the party under the pretext of providing marijuana, with the intention of giving Skinny Black his demo tape. Black is dismissive at first, but after a long night of reminiscing DJay successfully persuades him into taking the tape. Before leaving the party, however, DJay discovers that the drunken Black has destroyed his tape, flushing it down the toilet. When DJay confronts Skinny Black, Black reveals that he never had any intention on helping DJay with his musical aspirations. In a fit of rage, DJay begins to assault Skinny Black. During the confrontation Skinny Black manages to break the chain around DJays neck, which was a gift from Shug. Black pulls out a gun, but DJay quickly disarms him and pistol whips him. DJay aims the gun at Black but suddenly comes to the realization of what he has done. While he attempts to resuscitate the unconscious Black, a member of Black\'s entourage enters the bathroom and quickly pulls out his gun, which results in DJay shooting him in the arm. DJay then resorts to using the guard as a human shield to make his escape. DJay arrives home to find the police waiting for him. DJay turns himself in and tells Nola to keep his writing pad, with his rap lyrics. He tells her that "she is in charge" of getting his songs on local radio stations. While Shug tearfully watches DJay being led away in handcuffs, one of Black\'s entourage takes advantage of his defenseless position to deliver a sucker punch. DJay is charged for assault and possession of a firearm and is sentenced to 11 months in prison. While serving his time, DJay gets a visit from Key and learns that Nola  has hustled the local radio DJs into playing his songs, which have become local hits. When Key asks DJay if he really knew Skinny Black, DJay reveals that he made it up in order to keep the groups dream alive. The film ends as we see a duo of prison guards who have their own rap group asking DJay to listen to their demo, much as DJay had approached Skinny Black. Djay accepts their tape and responds with: "You know what they say, everybody gotta have a dream".'] ['A young journalist, David Katz, who writes for a hip-hop magazine called "Mic Check", starts following a music mogul around as part of a story and over time incorrectly starts to think he is part of that world, which leads to him writing an article for a gossip newspaper that starts a rivalry between the producer and his most famous rapper.'] ["In the movie, Russell Walker has signed all of the hottest acts to his Krush Groove record label, including Run-D.M.C., Dr. Jeckyll & Mr. Hyde , and Kurtis Blow. Rick Rubin produces their records. When Run-D.M.C. has a hit record and Russell doesn't have the money to press records, he borrows money from a street hustler. At the same time, Russell and his brother Run are both competing for the heart of R&B singer-percussionist Sheila E. Also appearing in the film are LL Cool J, the Beastie Boys, New Edition, the Fat Boys and some of their songs, as well as others from the likes of Chaka Khan, Debbie Harry, and the Gap Band. Members of the R&B group Full Force also make a cameo in the film as bodyguards."] ["Sugar Bear , a streetwise detective from San Francisco, is brought to New York City by its chief of police  to take down Big Baby Sweets , a notorious crime lord who controls the entirety of the city's criminal underworld with his right-hand men Big Stank  and Lil' Poot , and his personal security ninja Hack Benjamin . After getting a firsthand look at the police force's incompetence via Officer Harry Cox , Sugar Bear prevents a robbery of a local doughnut shop by one of Big Baby Sweets' thugs, Ape Boy, and begins a romance with a 300-pound stripper, Missy . He soon arrests Big Baby Sweets, Big Stank and Lil' Poot himself, but the police are forced to let them go because of a lack of evidence. The gangsters retaliate by terrorizing the city and sending a pair of stealthy Magic Ninjas to murder Missy, leading Sugar Bear to depressed alcoholism. Sugar Bear's idol, Dolemite , appears before him to reassure him and begin training him to bring down Sweets' evil empire. Sugar Bear kills the Magic Ninjas and Hack Benjamin, and has Big Stank and Lil' Poot carted off by their wealthy, upper-class parents before defeating another one of Big Baby Sweets' henchmen, Cactus Sac , in a wrestling match. During Big Baby Sweets' personal confrontation with Sugar Bear, Sweets is shot by his mother, and Sugar Bear removes Sweets' face paint, revealing him to be Harry Cox."] ['Raymond Joshua  is a young man growing up in the Southeast Washington D.C. area known as Dodge City. Despite his innate gift for poetry and his aspiration to be a rapper, he finds it difficult to escape the pressures of his surroundings: violence and drug dealing. While participating in a drug deal gone bad, Ray\'s close friend is shot, and Ray is caught by the police and sent to prison. When his lawyer explains the judicial system & his \'options\'  Ray despairs, particularly as he is being pressured to participate in a drug culture "inside" very similar to what he was a part of "outside." Ray is unwilling to take a "side", unwilling to believe that his options are limited to the choices he\'s being presented with. When threatened with violence in the prison yard, he retaliates with words, speaking the truths that he\'s witnessed in the form of a poetic rap meant to show the other inmates how their power and energy is being diverted into petty struggles with each other, rather than being directed toward the real enemy, the system that is keeping them down. In prison, he participates in the writing class of teacher Lauren Bell , whom he comes to respect and admire. She advises him to pay more attention to his talents. When Ray is unexpectedly released on bail for a few days prior to his court date by an incarcerated drug dealer whom Ray had inspired with his revolutionary ideas. Ray is able to convince his friends, and their Dodge City crew, not to retaliate with more violence for the shooting - to break the cycle instead. He explains that the "projects" where they all live and die are a government experiment and that continuing to kill each other is exactly what those who set up the experiment want them to be doing. On the outside, he also reunites with Bell, and is welcomed into her circle of friends at a poetry reading at her home. They wind up spending the night together despite her reservations about the future, as he asks her "only for now". The next day, she urges him to settle his legal troubles by agreeing to serve a year or two of time, rather than fighting the charges and potentially being put away for much, much longer. They quarrel, because Ray feels that Bell doesn\'t understand his situation. He leaves, but shows up that night at a poetry slam event in D.C. that Bell had invited him to, just in time to see her perform an extremely powerful and empathetic piece that was clearly written for him. When the crowd demands an encore, she invites Ray onto the stage to perform instead, and he delivers an impromptu dramatic poem - scrawled as he crossed the city on public transit, on his way to the slam - an emotional piece about black males and the criminal justice system. When the crowd demands an encore, Ray tells Lauren he needs to get some air, then leaves again. He wanders the streets until he is drawn to the Washington Monument.'] ['The film centers on the family life of Bill Gluckman, a wealthy Jewish senator from Malibu, California who is running for the office of Governor of California. His son Brad is a wannabe "Eminem", preferring to go by the nickname "B-Rad" despite leading a rich, sheltered life. As a result, members of Mr. Gluckman\'s political campaign become concerned that Brad\'s idiotic, outlandish behavior will ruin his father\'s chances at being elected. The campaign team members hire two actors, who don\'t know any more about inner-city life than B-Rad, to act as gang members, kidnap him, and take him to South Central Los Angeles where they hope Brad will be "scared white" after witnessing what inner city life is really like. Unfortunately for everyone involved, the plan backfires after Brad attempts to associate himself with members of the gang community and subsequently gets himself and the actors, Sean and PJ, hired to guide him into trouble.'] ["Breakin' 2 features three characters from Breakin' – Kelly , Ozone , and Turbo  – who struggle to stop the demolition of a community recreation center. Also appear dancer Viktor Manoel, Ice-T, and Martika, who was little known then."] ["In Los Angeles, two rival gang leaders are also trying to be music producers. When DJ's  equipment shorts out and Lonzo  is cut out of the action by a record producer, the two join forces, which also requires a tentative peace between gangs. With backing from Gator , a smooth New Orleans drug king, DJ and Lonzo start drug dealing, organizing their gangs into pushers. Just as their finances are looking up, one of Gator's team pulls a double cross and two of DJ and Lonzo's gang bangers start a shooting war. Can the erstwhile music producers salvage anything of their bond or their plans?"] ['Based on a festival award-winning  short film, THE BROS. chronicles the adventures of underachieving misfits Pete and Lanny, a pair of wannabe "gangsta rappers," who set out on an all-night crime spree designed to establish their street cred. and provide the funding needed to pay for a studio recording session. Raised in a picket-fence paradise that\'s about as far removed from the ghetto as possible, this misguided pair of aspiring rappers determine to make a name for themselves by setting out on a manic night of low-level criminal conduct. When a bizarre twist of fate finds Pete and Lanny\'s incompetent criminal enterprise mistaken for benevolent heroism by the community, the pair quickly seize the opportunity to turn their fifteen minutes of fame into a successful hip hop career.'] ['Three dance crews prepare to do battle at the international Beat the World competition in Detroit. In the final showdown to become world champions lifelong hopes, dreams and even lives, are at stake.'] ["Marcus is a quiet young boy who adores his loving mother , and the two live a relatively comfortable life as his mother is a local drug dealer. She often has to leave him with his grandparents to be looked after while she takes care of her business. But after she is brutally murdered in an apparent drug deal gone wrong, Marcus heads down the wrong road himself. Forced to live with his grandparents full-time, they themselves having many children too, he finds his life less appealing as his grandfather works long hours to support the large family. As he grows older, he enters the drug game himself, buying new clothing and even a gun. Eventually he abandons high school to sell drugs for local kingpin Levar  and his underling, Majestic,  full time. Majestic, however, has plans of his own to become a major drug lord himself. Years later, after he reunites with his childhood sweetheart , he is thrown in jail. During his time in prison, he befriends a fellow inmate named Bama . Marcus decides to leave the drug trade behind in order to pursue and eventually fulfill his lifelong dream of becoming a rap-star and entertainer, calling himself Young Caesar, after the Roman conqueror himself, with Bama as his manager and producer. Unfortunately, he and his drug crew end up robbing a local shop, and Majestic doesn't want to let him go, resulting in a tragedy that might have destroyed his life forever. Marcus is gunned down outside of his family's home, leading him to rethink his life and put his priorities in order, including that of his young child. Marcus begins preparations to go on stage and begin his walk of becoming a top-notch and real entertainer, donning a bulletproof vest for his protection from his enemies. In the moments before the show, he gains the ire of Majestic, who comes to him with a revelation that he was the one who murdered his mother years earlier. A fight ensues and leaves Marcus the victor and, finally at peace with his inner demons, leaves Majestic at the hands of his cronies. As he walks out towards the crowd he stops as he hears a lone gunshot in the room behind him, implying Majestic is now dead, which is confirmed as the film cuts to Bama shooting up Majestic's corpse. As Marcus steps onto the stage to perform for the waiting crowd, he removes the bulletproof vest he had on, showing he was no longer afraid to be who he was meant to be."] ['Paper Chasers is a depiction of the far-flung Hip hop scene, featuring such well-known artists as James Brown, Chuck D., Flavor Flav, Master P., Chris Bridges, and Russell Simmons. The title of the film it is derived from hip-hop terminology for an individual who is pursuing a lucrative goal or career, where paper money would be the reward for great effort. Director Maxie Collier and his crew traveled the United States in pursuit of musical paper chasers - music, art and fashion entrepreneurs both famous and unknown - and were lucky enough to chart the rise of hip hop superstar Ludacris. The film, which contains original music by the London-based music producer Charlie Parker, had its world premiere at the 2003 Tribeca Film Festival, and was subsequently released on DVD in 2005 by Koch Home Video Entertainment One the and broadcast numerous times on the Independent Film Channel .Paper Chasers at IFC Between 1999 and 2008, Collier conducted more than 200 interviews with entrepreneurs, artists, and executives across the country. In 2012, he launched Paper Chasers TV to share these archive and prepare for the 10 year anniversary film Paper Chasers 2.'] [" The film follows Chappelle during the summer of 2004, up until September 18, 2004, when he threw a block party on the corner of Quincy Street and Downing Street in the Clinton Hill neighborhood of Brooklyn, New York City. The film features nearby sites including the Broken Angel House in Clinton Hill, Brooklyn as well as areas in Fort Greene, Brooklyn and Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn. The film was produced before Chappelle's highly-publicized decision to walk away from a $50 million deal to continue his hit Chappelle's Show, and gained prominence after the announcement. He invited several hip hop and neo-soul musical artists to perform at the party, including Kanye West, Mos Def, Jill Scott, Erykah Badu, and The Roots along with The Central State University Marching Band. Lauryn Hill was also scheduled to perform at the party, but since Columbia Records refused to release her songs for use in the production, she decided instead to reunite The Fugees for the occasion. In addition, Chappelle performed comedy monologues and sketches in between the musical acts."] ['"The Next Hit" is a mystery suspense thriller about a record company that takes an unorthodox approach to boosting sales; which is to put out a \'hit\' on their marquee talent\'s life with hopes of creating a multi-platinum recording legend. After a long slump of declining record sales, Super Starr Records\' luck ironically takes an upturn when their marquee rap artist is murdered during some major music industry feuds. Record sales hit the roof but the death seems to be a mystery to everyone. Though the killers have done a great job covering up their tracks, a loose end emerges as the dead rapper\'s label mate, Rodson Gray is suspected of knowing information that can expose the culprits. When several attempts are made on Rod\'s life his popularity increases resulting in more sales for Super Starr Records. While the fame makes it hard to hide, Rod and his girlfriend Ana are forced on a wild run for their lives. The plot thickens when Rodson discovers that Ana and Super Starr Records were actually in on the ploy from the start.The New Hit . Retrieved on September 1, 2008 from the IMDB Website http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1098360/plotsummary'] 