["The film takes place in Paris, 1793: durung the Reign of Terror. Paul de Roulade  is a hero to the Proletariat, who cry him 'Citizen de Roulade'. One evening he gets into an argument with the Vicomte de Marny over the virtues of a dancing girl; this leads to a fight , forcing Paul to kill the nobleman. The viscount's sister Juliette de Marny  swears revenge: to achieve this, she infiltrates the de Roulade household and beguiles Paul into falling in love with her. It is revealed that Paul has secret Royalist sympathies and, wary of the bloodshed, he decides to smuggle Marie Antoinette out of France . To do this, he enlists the aid of none other than the Scarlet Pimpernel . When Juliette learns of Paul's intrigue, she realises that this is her chance to get revenge by betraying him to the Jacquards. Or will she fall in love with him as he has with her? Meanwhile, we get a few scenes of Charlotte Corday on trial for the murder of Marat."] ["It covers the life of Charles II - beginning just before his Restoration to the throne in 1660. He was deeply traumatized by the execution of his father in 1649, after the former's defeat in the Wars of the Three Kingdoms; it begins, however, with his penurious exile in Antwerp in 1658. The mini-series' emphasis is on his court, and his conflicts with Parliament - essentially the same issues which led to the Civil War between his father and the House of Commons, the politics of whom would succeed him - and his relationships with his family as well as his mistresses and illegitimate son James, Duke of Monmouth. The mini-series dramatizes both Charles's laziness and frivolous diversion, leaving political issues to his chancellor Sir Edward Hyde, but becoming increasingly irritated by the paternalistic way which Hyde behaves towards him. Dismissing Hyde, he takes the reins of power himself, determined that his brother should succeed him in the event of him not having any legitimate children , and that Royal Power not be challenged by Parliament. The production won the British Academy Television Award for Best Drama Serial in 2004; the series was also nominated for a minor Emmy ."] ['A young woman in a village is involved in romantic entanglements during the preparation of a festival celebration.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04020|title2009-06-30|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ['The film is based on the actual events of the pursuit of American bank robber John Dillinger during the 1930s.'] ['In Pompeii, in the year 79AD, Lysias, a wealthy young Greek, abducts the beautiful Hélène, who is a pupil of Arbax, the sinister High Priest of Isis. For revenge, Arbax causes Lysias to drink a magic potion to make him fall in love with his ally Julie, but Lysias becomes mad from the drink. Nidia, a young slave girl rescued by Lycias, has overheard the plot and accuses Arbax of trying to kill her master. Arbax kills the girl and has Lysias accused of the murder. Condemned to the lions in the arena, Lysias only escapes the punishment when the eruption of Vesuvius brings panic to the town, and he leads Hélène to safety.'] ['Queen Christina of Sweden  is very devoted to her country and the welfare of her people. As Queen, Christina favours peace for Sweden. At one point in the film she argues for an end to the Thirty Years\' War, saying: "Spoils, glory, flags and trumpets! What is behind these high-sounding words? Death and destruction, triumphals of crippled men, Sweden victorious in a ravaged Europe, an island in a dead sea. I tell you, I want no more of it. I want for my people security and happiness. I want to cultivate the arts of peace, the arts of life. I want peace and peace I will have!" Christina, who first took the throne at age 6 upon the death of her father in battle, is depicted as so devoted to both governing well and educating herself that she has spurned any kind of serious romance or marriage despite pressures from her councilors and court to marry her hero-cousin Karl Gustav  and produce an heir. One day, in an effort to escape the restrictions of her royal life, she sneaks out of town, disguised as a man, and ends up snowbound at an inn, where she has to share a bed with also stranded Spanish envoy Antonio ([[John Gilbert  on his way to the capital. After befriending, and upon revealing that she is a woman, then sharing the same bed, the two fall in love, however she still has not revealed that she is the queen. After a few idyllic nights together, Christina and Antonio are compelled to part, but Christina promises to find him in Stockholm – which she does, when the Spaniard presents his embassy to the Queen, whom he recognises as his lover. When Count Magnus , who wants the Queen&#39;s affections for his own, riles up the people against the Spaniard, Christina abdicates the throne, nominating her groom Karl Gustav as her successor while declining to marry him. She leaves Sweden to catch up with Don Antonio who has just been deported to the neighbouring country, but she finds him gravely wounded from a swords duel he had with Magnus, which he lost, and he dies in her arms. She resolves to proceed with her voyage to Spain where she envisions residing in Antonio&#39;s home on the white cliffs overlooking the sea.'] ["In 1970, Nicholas Garrigan  graduates from medical school in Scotland. With dull prospects at home, he decides to seek adventure abroad by working at a Ugandan missionary clinic run by Dr. David Merrit  and his wife, Sarah . Garrigan becomes attracted to Sarah, who enjoys the attention but refuses to engage him in an extramarital affair. Meanwhile, General Idi Amin  overthrows incumbent president Milton Obote in a coup d’état. Garrigan sincerely believes Amin will help the country, while Sarah warns him of dictators that have taken over before. Garrigan is called to a minor car accident involving Amin where he treats his hand. During the incident Garrigan takes a gun and shoots a mortally wounded cow because no one else has the presence of mind to put it out of its misery. Amin is impressed by his quick action and initiative. Amin, fond of Scotland as a symbol of resilience and admiring the Scottish people for their resistance to the English, is delighted to discover Garrigan's nationality and exchanges his military shirt for Garrigan's Scotland shirt. Later, Amin invites Garrigan to become his personal physician and take charge of modernising the country's health care system. Garrigan soon becomes Amin's trusted confidant and is relied on for much more than medical care, such as matters of state. Although Garrigan is aware of violence around Kampala, he accepts Amin's explanation that cracking down on the opposition will bring lasting peace to the country. Garrigan discovers that the polygamous leader has ostracised the youngest of his three wives, Kay , because she has given birth to an epileptic son, Mackenzie . When treating Mackenzie, Garrigan and Kay form a relationship and sleep with each other, but Kay tells him he must find a way to leave Uganda. Eventually, Garrigan begins to lose faith in Amin as he witnesses the increasing paranoia, repressive murders and xenophobia in expelling South Asians from the country. Amin replaces Garrigan's British passport with a Ugandan one to prevent him from escaping which leads Garrigan to frantically seek help from Stone , the local British Foreign Office representative. Garrigan is told the British will help him leave Uganda if he uses his position to assassinate Amin, but Garrigan refuses. Kay informs Garrigan that she has become pregnant with his child. Amin will murder her for infidelity if he discovers this, so she begs Garrigan for a secret abortion. Delayed by Amin's command that he attend a press conference with Western journalists, Garrigan fails to meet Kay at the appointed time. She concludes she has been abandoned and seeks out a primitive abortion in a nearby village, where she is apprehended by Amin's forces. Garrigan finds her savagely mutilated corpse on an autopsy table and falls retching to his knees, finally confronting the palpable inhumanity of Amin's regime and decides killing him will end it all. A hijacked aircraft is flown to Entebbe by pro-Palestinian hijackers seeking asylum from agents of international law. Amin rushes to the scene to help them, taking Garrigan along. At the airport, one of Amin's bodyguards discovers Garrigan's plot to poison Amin, under the ruse of giving him pills for a headache. His treachery revealed, Garrigan is beaten by Amin's henchmen before Amin himself arrives and discloses he is aware of the relationship with Kay. As punishment, Garrigan's chest is pierced with meat hooks and he is hanged by his skin. Amin arranges a plane for the release of non-Israeli passengers, and Garrigan's torturers leave him bleeding on the floor while they relax in another room. Garrigan's medical colleague, Dr. Junju , takes advantage of the opportunity to rescue him. He urges Garrigan to tell the world the truth about Amin's regime, asserting that because Garrigan is white the world will believe him. Junju gives Garrigan his own jacket, enabling him to mingle unnoticed with the crowd of freed hostages and board the plane. When the torturers discover Garrigan's absence, Junju is shot dead while the plane departs with Garrigan on board. Amin is informed too late to prevent it, while Garrigan tearfully remembers the people of Uganda. The epilogue shows real footage of Amin, as well as figures such as the 300,000 that died under his regime, and tells of his eventual 2003 death while in exile in Saudi Arabia."] ['Caligula , the young heir to the throne of the syphilis-ridden, half-mad Emperor Tiberius , thinks he has received a bad omen after a blackbird flies into his room early one morning. Shortly afterward, Macro , the head of the Praetorian Guards, appears to tell the young man that his great uncle  demands that he report at once to the Island of Capri, where Tiberius has been residing for a number of years with a close friend Nerva , a dim-witted relative Claudius , and Caligula\'s younger stepbrother Gemellus  . Fearing assassination, Caligula is afraid to leave, but his beloved sister Drusilla  convinces him to go. At Capri, Caligula finds his uncle has become depraved, showing signs of advanced venereal diseases, and embittered with Rome and politics. Tiberius enjoys watching degrading sexual shows, often including children and various freaks of nature. Caligula observes with a mixture of fascination and horror. Tensions rise when Tiberius jokingly tries to poison Caligula in front of Gemellus. After Nerva commits suicide on the prospect of Caligula\'s rule, Tiberius collapses from a stroke, leaving Macro and Caligula planning a way to hasten the latter\'s ascent to the throne. Late one night, Macro escorts all the spectators out of Tiberius\' bedchamber to allow Caligula the opportunity to murder his uncle, but when he fails, Macro finishes the deed himself by strangling Tiberius with a scarf. Caligula triumphantly removes the imperial signet from Tiberius\'s finger and suddenly realizes that Gemellus has witnessed the murder. Tiberius is buried with honors and Caligula is proclaimed the new Emperor; he in turn proclaims Drusilla his equal, to the apparent disgust of the Senate. Afterwards, Drusilla, fearful of Macro\'s influence, convinces Caligula to get rid of him. Caligula obliges by setting up a mock trial in which Gemellus is intimidated into testifying that Macro alone murdered Tiberius. With the powerful Macro gone, Caligula appoints Tiberius\'s former adviser Longinus  as his right-hand man, and pronounces the docile Senator Chaerea  as the new head of the Praetorian Guard. Drusilla endeavors to find Caligula a wife amongst the priestesses of the goddess Isis, the cult they secretly practice. Caligula only wants to marry Drusilla, but when she refuses because she is actually his sister, he spitefully marries Caesonia , a known courtesan, but only after she bears him an heir. Caligula proves to be a popular but eccentric ruler, cutting taxes and overturning all the oppressive laws that Tiberius enacted. The Senate begins to dislike the young emperor for his eccentricities and various insults directed towards them. Darker aspects of his personality begin to emerge as well; he rapes a bride and groom on their wedding day because of a minor fit of jealousy, and orders the execution of Gemellus merely to provoke a reaction from Drusilla. After he discovers Caesonia is pregnant, Caligula suffers severe fever, but Drusilla nurses him back to health. Just as he fully recovers, Caesonia bears him a daughter, Julia Drusilla, and Caligula marries her on the spot. During the celebration, Drusilla collapses in Caligula\'s arms from the same fever he\'d suffered. Soon afterwards, Caligula receives another ill omen in the guise of a black bird. He rushes to Drusilla\'s side and watches her die. Caligula has a nervous breakdown; he smashes a statue of Isis and drags Drusilla\'s body around the palace while screaming hysterically. Now in a deep depression, Caligula walks the Roman streets, disguised as a beggar; Caligula then causes a disturbance after watching an amateur performance mocking his relationship with Drusilla. After a brief stay in a city jail, Caligula proclaims himself a god and becomes determined to destroy the senatorial class, which he has come to loathe. His reign becomes a series of humiliations against the foundations of Rome; senators\' wives are forced to work in the service of the state as prostitutes, estates are confiscated, the old religion is desecrated, and he initiates an absurd war on Britain to humiliate the army; the army never actually fights in Britain, but is ordered to attack stalks of papyrus on the shores. It is obvious to the senators and the military that Caligula must be assassinated, and Longinus conspires with Chaerea to carry out the deed. Caligula wanders into his bedroom where a nervous Caesonia awaits him. The blackbird makes a final appearance, but only Caesonia is frightened of it. The next morning, after rehearsing an Egyptian play, Caligula and his family are attacked as they leave the stadium in a coup headed by Chaerea. His wife and daughter are brutally murdered and Chaerea himself stabs Caligula in the stomach. With his final breaths, he defiantly whimpers "I live!" As Caligula and his family\'s bodies are thrown down the marble steps and their blood is washed off the marble floor, Claudius is proclaimed the new Emperor.'] ["In this historical drama, the matriarch of an aristocratic family makes the lady Yeon-ji's life miserable due to her inability to bear children. The matriarch brings a surrogate mother into the family, and orders Yeon-ji to kill herself. Yeon-ji hangs herself at the hanging tree used for women who have engaged in adultery.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation03832|title2009-07-19|publisher=Korean Movie Database }}"] ['During a class a young man enters a classroom with a rifle. He orders the men to leave and the women to stay. They comply after he shoots into the ceiling to show that he is serious. He tells the women that he hates feminists. Although the women deny being feminists; he shoots at them killing some and wounding others. He then moves through corridors, the cafeteria, and another classroom, specifically targeting women. The film jumps back and forth in time several times. It shows male student Jean-François who was ordered to leave the classroom. He does not just flee but he returns to try to stop the killer and/or help the victims. Two surviving women, including Valérie, play dead thinking the killer returned. Some time after the massacre Jean-François, feeling guilty for complying with the order to leave the classroom and abandoning the women, commits suicide.'] ['Judas is worried about Jesus\' popularity — he is being hailed as a God, but Judas feels he is just a man, and fears the consequences of their growing movement . The other disciples badger Jesus for information about his plans for the future, but Jesus will not give them any. Judas\' arrival and subsequent declaration that Jesus should not associate with Mary dampens the mood. Angrily, Jesus tells Judas that he should leave Mary alone, because his slate is not clean. He then accuses all the apostles of not caring about him . Caiaphas is worried that the people will crown Jesus King, which will upset the Romans. Annas tries to calm him, but he finally sees Caiaphas\' point, and suggests that he convene the council and explain his fears to them. Caiaphas agrees . Judas later says that the money spent on ointment should have been given to the poor. Jesus rebukes him again, telling him that the poor will be there always, but Jesus will not . Meanwhile, the council of the Priests discuss their fears about Jesus. Caiaphas tells them that there is only one solution: like John the Baptist, Jesus must be executed for the sake of the nation . Jesus and his followers joyfully arrive in Jerusalem, but Caiaphas orders Jesus to disband the crowd for fear of a riot. Jesus refuses and speaks to the crowd . Later, the apostle Simon Zealotes, and a crowd of followers, voice their admiration for Jesus . Jesus appreciates this, but becomes worried when Simon suggests directing the crowd towards an uprising against their Roman occupiers. Jesus sadly dismisses this suggestion, saying that they do not understand his true purpose . Pilate, the Roman governor of Judea, reveals that he has dreamed about a Galilean man  and that he will be blamed for this man\'s death . Jesus and his followers arrive at the temple, which has been taken over by money changers and prostitutes. To Judas\' horror and as the priests watch in the background, a furious Jesus destroys the stalls and forces them to leave. Jesus wanders alone outside the city, but is confronted by a crowd of lepers, all wanting to be healed. Jesus tries to heal as many of them as possible, but is overwhelmed by the sheer numbers and eventually gives up, screaming at them to leave him alone . Mary comforts Jesus and Jesus goes to sleep. Mary loves Jesus, but is worried because he is so unlike any other man she has met . Judas goes to the Priests and expresses his concerns, but he is worried about the consequences of betraying Jesus . The Priests take advantage of his doubts, and offer him money if he will lead them to Jesus. Judas initially refuses, but Caiaphas wins him over by reminding him that he could use the money to help the poor . At the Last Supper, Jesus reveals that he knows Peter will deny him and Judas will betray him. A bitter argument between Jesus and Judas ensues, in which Judas asks what if he ruined Jesus\' ambition and stayed there without helping him to reach the Glory. Judas leaves . As the apostles fall asleep, Jesus goes to Gethsemane to pray about his imminent death ("Gethsemane . Jesus waits for Judas, who arrives and betrays him with a kiss, accompanied by guards. The disciples offer to fight the guards, but Jesus will not allow it. Jesus is taken to the High Priest\'s House, found guilty of blasphemy, and sent to Pilate . Peter, meanwhile, fearfully denies Jesus three times after being accused of being one of Jesus\' followers . Jesus is taken to Pilate\'s house, where the governor, unaware that Jesus is the man from his dream, mocks him. Since he does not deal with Jews, Pilate sends him to Herod . The flamboyant King Herod  is excited to finally meet Jesus, for he has heard the hype. He tries to persuade Jesus to perform various miracles. When Jesus refuses to answer, Herod orders the guards to remove him ("Herod\'s Song . The apostles and Mary Magdalene remember how things began, and wish they hadn\'t gotten so out of hand . Jesus is flung into a cell, where he is seen by Judas, who runs to tell the priests that he regrets his part in the arrest. He hurls his money to the ground and curses at the priests before running into the desert. Filled with regret for betraying Jesus, he blames God for his woes for giving him the role of the traitor and hangs himself . Jesus is taken back to Pilate, who questions him. Pilate realizes that, although he thinks Jesus is mad, he has committed no crime. Pilate\'s bemused indifference turns to a frenzy of confusion and anger, both at the crowd\'s irrational bloodthirstiness and Jesus\' inexplicable resignation. Pilate realizes he has no option but to kill Jesus, or the masses will grow violent ("Trial Before Pilate . After Pilate washes his hands of Jesus\' fate, Jesus\' appearance transforms, the heavens open, and a white-jumpsuit clad Judas descends on a silver cross. Judas laments that if Jesus had returned as the Messiah today, he would have been more popular and his message easier to spread. Judas also wonders what Jesus thinks of other religions\' prophets. He ultimately wants to know if Jesus thinks he is who they say he is ("[[Superstar . Judas\' questions go unanswered, and Jesus is sent to die , with ominous, atonal music, with Jesus saying some of his final words before dying.'] ["In the first segment, Willem the Silent  and the Van Brederode are demanding freedom of religion for the repressed Dutch citizens with governor Margaret of Parma . Charles de Berlaymont, sharing the opinion with Willem the Silent, opposes the Spanish dictation and introduces the 'honorary title' Geuzen. Together with his men, he swears 'Death or Freedom'. Meanwhile, Balthasar Gérard , an admirer of Willem the Silent's enemy Philip II of Spain, unexpectedly assassins Willem the Silent. The second segment features Pieter Corneliszoon Hooft, as he performs at his Muiderslot. In the following, Maurice of Nassau, Prince of Orange  battles for the Netherlands' independence. The fourth segment includes Kenau Simonsdochter Hasselaer during the Siege of Haarlem. Next is the Siege of Breda, where one of the soldiers gets heavily ill, while a battle with the Spanish is near. The continuing is a description of the siege, ending with the capture of Breda. The following segment involves the escape of Hugo Grotius from Loevestein via a casket, organized by his wife  and a maid. Then comes the Siege of 's-Hertogenbosch by Frederick Henry, Prince of Orange . In an interlude, Rembrandt, Frans Hals and Jan Steen are seen in different scenes creating a painting. What comes after is a wedding taking place between Kloris and Roosje. In a bigger story, John William Friso, Prince of Orange  is in Taisnières-sur-Hon to fight the Battle of Malplaquet. Subsequently, Michiel de Ruyer  and Maarten Tromp  end their struggle after a long fight through help from William III of England . Attention then shifts to stadthouder William IV, Prince of Orange, followed by William V, Prince of Orange. Their crown was taken over by Louis Bonaparte. The film ends with William I of the Netherlands'  arrival in Scheveningen and his oath to the constitution."] ["The film opens in Kanchi with Mayura, a Brahmin youth challenging an arrogant wrestler and defeating him. Mayura had never been formally trained and had only learned techniques of wrestling by observing other wrestlers. As a Brahmin, he was required to study Vedas, yet he was deeply interested in martial arts and after this wrestling encounter, Ranga Jetti , the premier wrestler in Kanchi, takes him under his wing and trains him. After becoming proficient in all the martial arts, one day, while observing the training of Pallava princes, Mayura accidentally gets into a fight with and gives a thrashing to Vishnugopa , the Pallava prince, thereby earning his enmity. After this, Mayura has to flee Kanchi as per the advice of Ranga Jetti, to escape from pursuing Pallavas. He also then learns that he is in fact the son of Raja Chandravarma, the Kadamba king who was killed by deceit by the Pallava king, Sivaskandhavarma. Upon learning from his father's minister about his Kshatriya antecedents and his illustrious lineage, Mayura dedicates himself to throw the Pallava  yoke and liberate his motherland. Returning to Banavasi in the guise of a merchant called Nilakanthagupta, Mayura builds a following and an army. Through clever strategies, he conquers both Banavasi and the Telugu speaking regions around Srishaila, thus building a vast kingdom. While the film builds the rivalry between Vishnugopa and Mayura, it also throws light on the mutually admiring friendship between Mayura and the Pallava crown prince  and also on the growing love between Mayura and the Pallava princess Premavati ([[Manjula . In the end, Vishnugopa overcomes his anger and hatred towards Mayura, who marries Premavati, with the blessings of Sivaskandhavarma himself.Rajkumar: Mayura - 1"] ['The unnamed narrator, a serious Filipino-American immigrant, muses of his days in the Philippines and continues on to speculate on the mysterious disappearance of both of his grandfathers. His curiosity leads him to research his past and urges him to discover the whereabouts of his kin. He offers the audience an inside look to his internal conflict regarding his family history by narrating throughout the film. Much of the movie consists of snapshots and footage of the World\'s Fair and some of the "real" footage has been, in fact, just a reenactment of what is thought to be the past. The film begins with the narrator thinking of his children and subsequently thinking of his days as a child in the Philippines. He expresses his sadness of belonging to neither country  and his desire to gain a foundation for his personal history. With this said, the narrator recounts the story of both of his grandfathers\' lives. One of the grandfathers\'  had fought in the revolution against Spain in 1896 and the Philippine-American War in 1899, only to be killed in the trenches and never have his body found. The narrator speculates that his grandfather is probably buried in one of the several mass graves on the outskirts of Manila. While Emiliano had an interesting death by fighting in the war, the other\'s story was far more interesting. The other grandfather, named Markod, had been an Igarot warrior in the Philippines. When the Americans had first came to the village, the tribal members were afraid. But, they soon realized that the Americans wanted to become friends and take them to America to showcase their culture. Markod was, at first, hesitant since his wife was expecting a child. In 1904, Markod and several families of his village decided to go America as participants in the St. Louis World\'s Fair. At the time, Markod had been a young chief, known for his skills as a hunter and warrior. Markod was first taken to San Francisco on a boat and then taken to St. Louis on a train, where 2 of his companions froze to death in a boxcar. Once at St. Louis, the Igarots built an entire village out of the "traditional" elements of the Philippines. The St. Louis World\'s Fair was set to begin. At the World\'s Fair, many people came to see the men and women on display at the Philippine reservation. These people wanted to catch a glimpse of the Filipino in flesh and blood, in their "natural habitat". Over 1,000 "natives" of various heritages were on display simultaneously at the fair. Native tribes which had not known of each others existence were placed next to each other on the reservation. The aim of this was to show to the American people the various stages of social progress, from "barbaric" to "civilized" and Christian. Markod admired the skills of the different tribes and he marveled at the various animals on display at the fair. One day, a sick baby girl born to an African couple was taken away and never seen again. The father of the child talked about the incident and the authorities of the World\'s Fair became wary of an uprising. Extra scouts were posted in the village. Markod thought about how the Western people say that their God is strong, but their medicines are weak. The death of the child deeply disturbed Markod and he became fearful that evil things would begin to happen. Markod became homesick and missed his wife and home in the mountains. He became disturbed at the noise and brightness of the fair and longed for the quietness of his home. Two Igarot men also disappeared and the whole village mourned at their death. They mourned for days while the American public watched, unaware of their grief. Markod tried to escape after this incident. He escaped into the woods and relished the music of the sounds of nature he knew so well. He hoped to get by unnoticed and would be able to escape from the fair. When reaching the edge of the forest, he fell into a deep sleep, only to awaken surrounded by unknown American faces. He was then placed in a solitary confinement to keep him from escaping. When the World\'s Fair ended, Markod mysteriously disappeared. The narrator comes back into the plot here and he discovers through archives, that there had been an unusual incident just before the closing of the fair, which involved the death of an Igarot male. The remains had been mangled beyond recognition, but authorities had determined that he was Filipino by the color of his skin. This man could have been Markod, or he could have been put on display at other fairs around the country. Still, Markod\'s remains could currently be displayed at the Smithsonian Museum where the brains of two Filipinos had been removed immediately after their death. At the end of the film, the location of Markod\'s body was still unknown and the narrator still wonders on the whereabouts of his ancestor.'] ["Hajji Hossein-Gholi Noori, an influential Qajar politician is sent by Nasereddin Shah to the United States of America during the time of President Andrew Johnson to serve as Iran's ambassador. Once in America Hajji hires a number of employees but soon finds himself missing his family and finding his work unrewarding considering there are very few Iranians in America at the time. Hajji Hossein-Gholi Noori is sent to the United States, then under the presidency of Grover Cleveland, to open up the first embassy for Iran by Nasir al-Din Shah Qajar. He is sent there with one helper on this mission and soon hires three workers to maintain the embassy. It doesn't take long for him to realize that there is no real work for him there and he is forced to quit his staff and allow his helper to attend medical school in Washington D.C. Although most of the first meeting of Hajji and the President is comical, the overall tone of the film is rather elegic in nature."] [" At the close of World War II, Hermann Göring ([[Brian Cox  surrenders to the Americans and enjoys the hospitality of a U.S. Air Force base. Samuel Rosenman , acting on the orders of U.S. President Harry S. Truman, recruits Justice Robert H. Jackson  to prepare a war crimes tribunal against Göring and the surviving Nazi leadership. Göring, Albert Speer  and others are arrested for war crimes and imprisoned in a U.S. Army stockade in Bad Mondorf. Jackson, his assistant Elsie Douglas , and his prosecution team fly to Germany. Psychologist Gustave Gilbert  arrives at the stockade with prisoner Hans Frank , who has attempted suicide. Jackson negotiates with Allied representatives Sir David Maxwell-Fyfe , General Iona Nikitchenko  and Henri Donnedieu de Vabres  to ensure a unified prosecution. Jackson selects the Nuremberg Palace of Justice for the site of the trials and reconstruction work commences. Göring and the others are stripped of their rank and transferred to the prison in Nuremberg, where they come into conflict with the guards under the command of the strict Colonel Burton C. Andrus . Major Airey Neave  serves Göring, Speer and the other with their indictments. U.S. judge Francis Biddle  arrives to take control of the court but reluctantly passes the honour at Jackson’s insistence. Following the suicide of prisoner Robert Ley , round-the-clock watches are posted and Gilbert is appointed prisoner liaison. Sir Geoffrey Lawrence  opens the trial with all defendants pleading not guilty and Jackson gives a stirring opening statement. At lunch a jovial Göring holds court over the other defendants while Speer begins to show signs of remorse. Maxwell-Fyfe puts forward an emotive eyewitness account of the Nazis' genocidal policies toward Jews, while Jackson reads out dry documentation. As the court begins to tire of Jackson’s meticulous approach, Maxwell-Fyfe urges pushing on to the witness interviews, which reveal the horrors of the concentration camps. The court is shaken by documentary footage of the camps; even Göring appears unsettled.  Speer explains Göring’s dominance to Gilbert and insists that his control over the others must be broken. Göring takes the stand and begins speaking to the German people. Jackson, at Gilbert’s suggestion, has Göring isolated. Under cross-examination, Göring outmanoeuvers and humiliates Jackson, who later accuses Biddle of giving Göring free rein in court. Douglas talks Jackson out of tendering his resignation, and the two share a kiss. Under advice from Maxwell-Fyfe, Jackson returns to confront Göring with evidence of his crimes against the Jews and successfully dismisses the defendant’s denials. At a Christmas party, the housekeeper refuses to serve the Russians, but Douglas rescues the situation before slipping away with Jackson. Gilbert visits the defendants and, under Jackson’s advice, attempts to convince them to take responsibility for their crimes. Andrus relaxes the prison rules for Christmas, and Göring shares a friendly drink with his guard, Lt. Tex Wheelis . The cross-examination of the defendants intensifies and the defence calls Rudolf Höß , who casually reveals the horrors of Auschwitz. Speer is implicated in the enslavement of foreign workers by fellow defendant Fritz Sauckel  and in response accepts collective responsibility for the crimes of the Nazi regime. Gilbert interviews Göring’s wife Emmy , who reveals that Hitler had ordered them all executed, which led to the family’s surrender. Jackson is moved by Gilbert’s summation of his examinations — that the source of the evil behind Nazi Germany was a complete lack of empathy — to give an impassioned closing statement. Göring uses his final statement to condemn the trial, and is sentenced along with 10 others to death by hanging. Speer uses his final statement to commend the tribunal and is sentenced to 20 years in prison. Göring commits suicide after his request to be executed by firing squad is denied. Andrus presides over the executions of the others while Jackson and Douglas head home ."] ["The film is based on a true story. On 27 April 1940, Luftwaffe pilot Horst Schopis' bomber, a Heinkel 111  is shot down near Grotli by an Fleet Air Arm Blackburn Skua  fighter, which then crash-lands. The surviving German and British crew members begin to shoot at each other, but later find themselves huddled up in the same cabin. In order to survive the harsh winter in the Norwegian wilderness, they have to stand together. An unlikely, lifelong friendship blossoms."] ['A historical drama about Yeonsangun of Joseon as a prince trying to restore the status of his mother, the deposed and executed Queen Yun.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}'] ['The life of the great sage Swami Vivekananda , his teachings, thoughts, contribution towards society and his relation with his Guru Ramakrishna Paramahamsa shown in this film.'] [':Note: The following synopsis refers to the original, 205&nbsp;minute version of the film. Andrei Rublev is divided into seven chapters and a prologue and an epilogue only loosely related to the main film. The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background is 15th century Russia, a turbulent period characterized by fighting between rival princes and the Tatar invasions. The film\'s prologue shows the preparations for a hot air balloon ride. The balloon takes off from the roof of a church, with a man named Yefim  roped beneath the balloon, at the very moment of arrival of an ignorant mob trying to thwart the flight. The man is highly delighted by the sight from the air, but can not prevent a crash landing. Yefim is the first of several creative characters, representing the daring escapist, whose hopes are easily crushed. After the crash, a horse is seen lolling by a pond, a symbol of life &mdash; one of many horses in the movie. The Jester, Summer 1400: Andrei , Danil  and Kirill  are wandering monks, looking for work. The three represent different creative characters. Andrei is the observer, a humanistic artist who searches for the good in people and wants to inspire and not frighten. Danil is withdrawn and resigned, and not as bent on creativity as on self-realization. Kirill lacks talent, yet strives to achieve prominence. He is jealous, self-righteous, very intelligent and perceptive. The three have just left the Andronikov Monastery, where they have lived many years, heading to Moscow. During a heavy rain they seek shelter in a barn, where a group of villagers is being entertained by a jester . The jester, or skomorokh, is a bitterly sarcastic enemy of the state and the Church, who is earning a living with his scathing and obscene social commentary and by making fun of the Boyars. He ridicules the monks as they come in, and after some time Kirill leaves unnoticed. Shortly, the skomorokh is picked up by a group of soldiers, knocked out headfirst against a tree and taken away. Theophanes the Greek, Summer-Winter-Spring-Summer 1405–1406: Kirill arrives at the Theophanes the Greek\'s workshop, where Theophanes the Greek , a prominent and well-recognized master, is working on another of his icons. Theophanes the Greek is portrayed as a complex character: an established artist, humanistic and God-fearing in his views yet somewhat cynical, regarding his art more as a craft and a chore in his disillusion with other people. His young apprentices have all run away to the town square, where a convicted criminal is about to be tortured and executed in public. Kirill talks to Theophanes, and the artist, impressed by his erudition, invites him to work as an apprentice on the decoration of Cathedral of the Annunciation in Moscow. Kirill refuses at first, but then accepts the offer on the only condition that Theophanes will personally come to the Andronikov Monastery and invite Kirill to work with him in view of all the fraternity and Andrei Rublev. The three monks are back at the Andronikov Monastery. Theophanes the Greek sends a messenger to Andrei to ask him for his assistance in decorating Cathedral of the Annunciation. Both Danil and Kirill are agitated by the recognition Andrei experiences. Danil refuses to accompany Andrei and reproaches him for accepting Theophanes\'s offer without considering his fellows, but soon repents of his temper and wishes Andrei well. Kirill is jealous and in great anger, and he leaves the monastery for the secular world, throwing the accusations of greed in the face of the monks. Andrei leaves for Moscow with his young apprentice Foma . Foma is another creative character, representing the light-hearted and practical-minded commercial artist. Still he seems to be contemplative enough to get along with Andrei. The Passion According to Andrei, 1406: While walking in the woods, Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma\'s faults, especially lying. While Foma has talent as an artist, he is less concerned with the deeper meaning of his work and more concerned with practical aspects of the job, like perfecting his azure, a colour which in painting was often considered unstable to mix. They encounter Theophanes in the forest, and the old master sends Foma away. As he leaves, the apprentice finds a dead bird and pokes it. We cut to a conversation between Andrei and Theophanes, this time set on a stream bank. Theophanes argues that the ignorance of the Russian people is due to stupidity, while Andrei says that he doesn\'t understand how he can be a painter and maintain such views. "I\'d have taken vows of schema long ago and settled down in a cave for good." This section contains a reenactment of Christ\'s Atonement, which plays as Andrei recounts the story and expresses his faith. The Feast, 1408: During a nightly walk Andrei encounters a group of naked pagans, whose celebration implies sensuality and lust. Andrei feels attracted by the rituals he witnesses. He is caught by the pagans and tied to a cross, and threatened to be drowned in the morning. A woman named Marfa , only dressed with a mantle approaches Andrei. She drops her mantle, kisses and then frees him. The next morning as Andrei leaves a group of soldiers arrives and rounds up the pagans. Marfa escapes by running into the river and swimming past Andrei’s boat. He and his fellow monks look away in shame. The Last Judgment, Summer 1408: Andrei and Danil are working on the decoration of a church in Vladimir. Over months, work is not progressing, as Andrei is doubting himself. He confides to Danil that his task disgusts him and that he is unable to paint a subject such as the Last Judgement, as he doesn’t want to terrify people. He comes to the conclusion that he has lost the ease of mind that an artist needs for his work. He has a flashback during which he remembers his time working for the Grand Prince, who put out the eyes of artisans to prevent them from reproducing their beautiful work for someone else. As the flashback ends, Durochka , a holy fool or Yurodivy, wanders into the church. Her feeble-mindedness and innocence leads Andrei to the idea to paint a feast. The Raid, Autumn 1408: While the Grand Prince is away in Lithuania, the Grand Prince’s brother and a group of Tatars raid Vladimir. The invasion and the resulting carnage is shown in great detail. One famous scene shows a horse falling from a flight of stairs and being stabbed by a spear. Another famous scene shows a cow set on fire. The tatars enter the church. Andrei prevents the rape of Durochka by a Russian by slaying the perpetrator. Shaken by this event Andrei falls into self-doubt and decides to give up painting and takes a vow of silence. The Silence, Winter 1412: Andrei is once again at the Andronikov Monastery. He neither paints nor speaks and keeps Durochka with him. After several years of absence, Kirill shows up at the monastery and asks to be taken in. The father superior allows him to return, but requires him to copy the scriptures fifteen times. One day, Tatars stop at the monastery while traveling through. One of the Tatars takes Durochka away as his eighth wife. The Bell, Spring-Summer-Winter-Spring 1423–1424: Andrei\'s life turns around when he witnesses the casting of a bell for the Grand Prince. As the bellmaker has died, his son Boriska  tells the Prince\'s men that he is the only one who possesses his father\'s secret of casting a bell. Boriska is another creative character. He is aware of his own importance and the difficult task at hand. He is able to create through a combination of natural skill and pure faith. Boriska supervises the digging of the pit, the selection of the clay, the building of the mold, the firing of the furnaces and the hoisting of the bell. During the process the bell-making endeavor grows into a large, costly effort with many workers and Boriska makes several risky decisions, guided by his instinct. At one point, he privately asks God for help. Halfway through the sequence the skomorokh from the first sequence makes a reappearance and threatens to kill Andrei, whom he mistakes for the man who denounced him years earlier. Kirill steps in and intervenes on behalf of the silent Andrei. Later Kirill confesses privately to Andrei that his sinful envy of Andrei\'s talent dissipated once he heard Andrei had abandoned painting and that it was he  who denounced the skomorokh. Kirill then takes Andrei to task for allowing his God-given talent for painting to go fallow and pleads with Andrei to resume his artistry. As the bell-making proceeds toward its end Boriska\'s decisive confidence slowly transforms into a stunned, detached disbelief that he\'s succeeded at the task. The work crew takes over as Boriska makes repeated, nervous attempts to fade into the background of the activity. Once the bell has be hoisted into its bell tower the Grand Prince and his entourage arrive for the inaugural ceremony. As the bell is prepared to be rung the royal entourage is overhead discussing its doubts that the bell will ring. It\'s revealed that Boriska and the work crew know if the bell fails to ring the Grand Prince will have them all beheaded.  There is a quiet, agonizing tension as the foreman slowly coaxes the bell\'s clapper back and forth, nudging it closer to the lip of the bell with each swing. We pan across the assembly and see Durochka, robed in white leading a horse  as she walks through the crowd. At the critical moment the bell rings perfectly and she smiles. After the ceremony Andrei finds Boriska collapsed on the ground, sobbing as he admits his father never told him the secret of casting a bell. Andrei comforts him, breaking his vow of silence and telling the boy that they should go together. "You’ll cast bells. I’ll paint icons." Andrei sees Durochka, the boy and the horse walk off across a muddy field in the distance. The epilogue is the only part of the film in color and shows details of several of Andrei Rublev\'s icons. The icons are shown in the following order: Enthroned Christ, Twelve Apostles, The Annunciation, Twelve Apostles, Jesus entering Jerusalem, Birth of Christ, Enthroned Christ, Transfiguration of Jesus, Resurrection of Lazarus, The Annunciation, Resurrection of Lazarus, Birth of Christ, Trinity, Archangel Michael, Paul the Apostle, The Redeemer. The final scene crossfades from the icons and shows four horses at a river during rain.'] ['{{Expand section}} The film depicts the exile of Napoleon I on the island of St. Helena following his final defeat at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815.'] ["The film includes interviews with several recovering alcoholics who are photographed in dark shadows to obscure their identity, and also makes use of dramatic reenactments to visualize key events in Wilson's life. Blake J. Evans portrays Wilson in the film.{{cite news}}"] ['The twin cities of Sodom and Gomorrah prosper because of their great deposits of salt, which are mined by an army of slaves. The decadent citizens, who have become wealthy by trading salt, live in luxury and use slaves as servants and for violent games of entertainment. After a night of revelry, Astorath , the Prince of Sodom, tells slave girl Tamar  to meet the Chief of the Elamites, with whom he plans to overthrow his sister, Bera, Queen of Sodom . Tamar\'s treason is discovered and Bera demands the name of her co-conspirator. Tamar refuses to speak and Bera has her and her two sisters killed. Meanwhile, Lot  leads his family and a Hebrew tribe through the desert, hoping that he can find a permanent home for the Hebrews along the fertile banks of the River Jordan. As the Hebrews approach their destination, Lot meets the beautiful Ildith , who luxuriates in a litter while a group of slave girls in chains precede her over the rocky terrain. Lot assumes that Ildith owns these women. She tells him that she is also a slave, albeit the chief of the Queen of Sodom\'s body slaves. Lot tells her that owning slaves is evil. The following dialog ensues:  Ildith: "Evil? How strange you are. Where I come from, nothing is evil. Everything that gives pleasure is good."Lot: "Where do you come from?" Ildith: "There, not far. Just ahead: Sodom and Gomorrah."  Once Lot and his people reach the Jordan, he negotiates the use of the land with Queen Bera, promising her both grain and defense should Sodom&#39;s enemies attack. He makes one provision to their deal: any slave of Sodom who reaches the Hebrew camp will be granted asylum. She agrees, and in a surprising turn, gives Lot Ildith. Ildith is unwilling to leave the queen and her life of luxury in Sodom. Astorath, is disgusted and baffled by his sister&#39;s easy terms with the Hebrews. However, he soon turns his attentions to Lot&#39;s flirtatious daughter, Shuah . Ildith dislikes the rough conditions of the Hebrew camp, but soon becomes a friend to Lot&#39;s daughters. She and Lot also fall in love and plan to marry. Love also blooms elsewhere in the camp as Shuah and Astorath begin a secret affair. Lot&#39;s other daughter, Maleb  and his lieutenant, Ishmael  also plan a marriage. Lot and Ildith&#39;s wedding day celebrations are interrupted by an Elamite attack. Although the Hebrews and Sodomite army fight valiantly, they are nearly defeated by the fierce nomadic warriors. As a last, desperate measure, Lot orders the dam that the Hebrews have built to be broken. His quick thinking saves the twin cities and the Hebrews, but also destroys the camp and the crops. However, the flood waters reveal that the Hebrew camp is also the site of a vast salt deposit. Lot now believes that the Hebrews can move out of the wilderness and live among the Sodomites  by selling salt.  Some time later, Lot and Ildith now live in luxury in Sodom. Sodomites and Hebrews both revere Lot and seek his judgment. Ishmael however, believes that Lot has succumbed to luxury and instead should raise a force to liberate Sodom&#39;s mine slaves. Lot disagrees and advises Ishmael to wait, believing that the Sodomites will change their ways in time. Ishmael does not heed Lot and unsuccessfully tries to set the slaves free. He believes that the Hebrews will harbour the slaves, but they instead shut their doors on the desperate men who are soon recaptured and tortured to death. As the newly appointed minister of justice, Lot must now sentence Ishmael. However Ishmael is only one of Lot&#39;s problems, as he is confronted by the jealous Astorath, who tells him that not only has he had both of Lot&#39;s daughters, but that Ildith has kept these affairs secret. An outraged Lot kills Astorath. At this point, Queen Bera&#39;s plot becomes clear: she used the Hebrews to stop the Elamite threat and also used Lot to rid her of her scheming brother. Lot becomes deeply remorseful that he has killed and that he has led his family and people into sin. Bera has him taken to prison. While Lot asks God for forgiveness and guidance, two angels appear to tell him that God is displeased with the twin cities and will destroy them. Lot pleads with the angels to spare the city if he can find just ten Sodomite citizens who will repent and leave the cities with him. The angels agree and free both Lot and Ishmael from prison. Meanwhile, many men re-captured slaves are tortured to death on the wheel, and Queen Bera exclaims &#34;But wait, the games have just begun,&#34; when Lot appears seeking ten righteous Sodomites. Although he has God&#39;s consent, Lot finds it impossible to persuade any Sodomite citizen to follow him, only the slaves are willing to accompany him. Even his own daughters, who believe Lot a hypocrite, at first refuse. Ildith, however, convinces them to leave, hoping that they will someday understand their father and his greatness as a leader. Shuah goes only grudgingly, telling Lot that she hopes to see him suffering as she is now that Astorath is dead. Immediately after the Hebrews and Sodomite slaves leave, God assails Sodom with earthquakes and lightning. Queen Bera retreats with her slave Orphea to her palace, where they are killed under the collapsing pillars. Everybody flees into the streets, crushed by collapsing towers. Not one single Sodomite lives to tell the tale. Meanwhile Ildith now wishes she were back in Sodom. Despite her love for Lot, Ildith cannot accept his God, choosing to believe in Lot rather than in a Divine plan. Despite Lot&#39;s warnings, Ildith looks back at Sodom. God turns her into a pillar of salt just as He destroys the city with an atom bomb-like explosion. Lot collapses in grief. Maleb and Shuah rush to comfort him. He staggers off with the Hebrews, who wander the desert once more.'] ['Qais Ibn Al Mulawwa, son of Shah Amri is sent to Damascus to pursue his education. There he meets and falls in love with the beautiful Laila, daughter of the Najd chieftain. Though Laila reciprocates his love in equal measure, her father opposes this match and keeps her confined in the house. Heartbroken at this separation, Qais loses his mental faculties and wanders aimlessly, always uttering the name of Laila. He is soon known far and wide as Majnoon, the obsessed. Laila is forcibly married off to Bakht, a scion of the royal family of Iraq. But she refuses to let Bakht touch her. Overwhelming misery and wretchedness of her circumstances lead to her death and hearing of her demise, the grief-stricken Qais falls dead too. The lovers unite in death.'] ['A historical drama depicting power struggles in the last days of the Joseon Dynasty.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}'] ['A film about a boy, barely in secondary school, Sidi and his father Adman, who both unknowingly cope with the sudden absence of a key female figure in their life. In a probable separate story, a boyish young woman returns to photograph the backdrop of her past. Set in the border town of Johor Bahru, Malaysia. The literal meaning of the title is a Malay saying like "the owl misses the moon" a reflection of unrequited  longing.{{cite news}}'] ['Eighteen kilometres north west of Tirunelveli lies the hamlet of Panchalankurichi, a place of historical significance. The chieftains ruling Panchalankurichi put up stiff resistance against the British East India Company, between 1798 and 1801. Veerapandiya Kattabomman was a fearless chieftain who refused to bow down to the demands of the British for agricultural tax on native land, a brave warrior who laid down his life for his motherland. The fight he launched in Panchalankurichi has been hailed as the inspiration behind the first battle of independence of 1857, which the British called the Sepoy Mutiny.'] ['The film depicts the Jacobite Rebellion of 1745 and its aftermath when the Jacobite pretender Charles Edward Stuart evaded capture by the forces loyal to the Hanoverians, and escaped to the Continental Europe with the help of Flora MacDonald.'] ['Pune was visited by the pestilence of bubonic plague which took a heavy toll of life. But the plague had another, indirect and far reaching consequence on the politics of the country. The behaviour of the military which was called out to deal with the situation arising from the pestilence caused great indignation. On 22 June in 1897, British officer Charles Walter Rand Assistant Collector of Pune and Chairman of the Special Plague Committee, Pune, and British Army officer Lieutenant Charles Egerton Ayerst, were assassinated on the Ganeshkhind road, Pune, on their way back from a Government house party celebrating the Diamond Jubilee anniversary of the coronation of Queen Victoria. C. W. Rand of the ICS was appointed to take charge of the plague control measures and had successfully contained the epidemic; but his methods of evacuating the people, of fumigating their dwellings, and burning the contaminated articles, evoked tremendous hatred amongst certain sections of the society, which led to his assassination. The climax scene is the shooting, after the midnight party finished, the carriages started moving out of the Government House, one of the boys in that group watched from outside the gate. As Rand came out, he gave the signal. Another boy began running with the carriage. As he reached the spot where Damodar, Balkrishna and others were waiting, he shouted to them ‘Gondya ala re! ’. Balkrishna jumped on the carriage and shot the occupant. But there was a mistake. It was Ayerst whom he had killed. They realised their mistake. When Rand’s carriage came to the spot, Damodar climbed on it and shot Rand. Ayerst was killed on the spot, and Rand died in hospital on 3 July 1897.<ref name 22 June 1897 – Film | author 5 November 2009 | newsgroup 106320 | url 6 March 2009}}  Damodar Hari\'s narration of the shooting differs from the events as shown in the film. In his autobiography Damodar Hari writes that he believed the jubilee celebrations would cause Europeans of all ranks to go to the Government House, and this would give them the opportunity to kill Rand. The brothers Damodar Hari and Balkrishna Hari selected a spot of Ganeshkhind road, by the side of a yellow bungalow to shoot at Rand. Each armed with a sword and a pistol. Balkrishna in addition carried a hatchet. They reached Ganeshkhind, they saw what looked like Rand\'s carriage pass by, but they let it go, not being sure, deciding to attack him on his way back. They reached Government House at 7.00–7.30 in the evening, as darkness was beginning to set in. A large number of people had gathered to witness the spectacle at Government House, and there were bonfires on the hills. The swords and the hatchet they carried made movement without raising suspicion difficult, so they deposited them under a stone culvert near the bungalow, so as to retrieve it in case of need. As planned, Damodar Hari waited at the gate of the Government House, and as Rand\'s carriage emerged, ran 10–15 paces behind it. As the carriage reached the yellow bungalow, Damodar made up the distance, and called out "Gondya", a predetermined signal for Balkrishna to take action. Damodar Hari undid the flap of the carriage, raised it and fired from a distance of about a span. It was originally planned that both would shoot at Rand, so as to ensure that Rand would not live, however Balkrishna Hari lagged behind and Rand\'s carriage rolled on, Balkrishna Hari meanwhile on the suspicion that the occupants of the following carriage were whispering to each other, fired at the head of one of them from behind.'] ["The story opens with Portuguese soldier Fernando de Gama drowning in the ocean after a shipwreck. He comes to, finds some wreckage to float on and washes up on the coast of Siam. After almost being eaten by a crocodile, he is captured by Arab slave traders and taken to Ayutthaya. Released from his bonds to be put on the auction block, he promptly knocks down his captors and leads them on a chase throughout the ancient city. Eventually, he is brought under control, but not before he is captured the attention of a Eurasian beauty, Maria, who buys him his freedom back. After recovering from his recapture, Maria brings Fernando to meet her father, Phillippe. Fernando immediately recognizes Phillippe as the man who killed Fernando's father many years ago, whom Fernando has been seeking on a lifetime quest for revenge. But there are bigger battles to be fought. Fernando and his Portuguese compatriots are pressed into the service of King Chairacha, who has to go into battle. It is a multi-national taskforce, not only including Portuguese mercenaries, but also samurai warriors . In battle, Fernando bonds with a Thai warrior named Tong. They distinguish themselves by saving the King from an assassination attempt and are appointed his personal bodyguards. Queen Sudachan, a former royal consort who schemed her way into becoming queen, is behind the assassination plot. Because it failed, she calls on Don Phillippe for help. Phillippe in turn enlists a scar-faced ninja to kill the king. This plan is also thwarted by Fernando, Tong and other Siamese troops. After the assassins are killed in the king's bedroom, King Chairacha assigns Tong and Fernando the task of seeking out whoever is behind this scheme. Recognizing one of the dead assassins as the scar-faced ninja he had seen Phillippe talking with earlier that night, Fernando confronts Phillippe. They fight, and Phillippe is killed by Tong. Meanwhile, the queen resorts to black magic to poison the king. She also must kill her own son, Prince Yodfa , to clear the way for her boyfriend Worawongsathirat. This she achieves by hiring a spear-wielding African warrior. Succeeding in her plot, Fernando and Tong are then framed for the deaths and made to fight each other in a death duel for Queen Sudachan, her new king, and the crowd's amusement. Tong's family and Maria's life are threatened, and Tong throws an axe at Worawongsathirat, slaying him. Moments before the queen kills Tong and Fernando in revenge, King Chairacha's brother Maha Chakkraphat arrives. Having deduced on his own that the queen is behind the king and prince's deaths, he arrests the queen and releases our heroes and their loved ones. In an ending text, it is stated that news of these events were heard by the king of Burma, and that the story's impression of disarray is what caused the Burmese invasion and the eventual decline and destruction of Ayutthaya."] ["In 1876, Captain Nathan Algren  is traumatized by massacring Native Americans in the Indian Wars and has become an alcoholic to stave off the memories. Algren is approached by former colleague Zebulon Gant , who takes him to meet Algren's former Colonel Bagley , whom Algren despises for ordering the massacre. On behalf of businessman Mr. Omura , Bagley offers Algren a job training conscripts of the new Meiji government of Japan to suppress a samurai rebellion that is opposed to Western influence, led by Katsumoto . Despite struggling with the painful memories of having already crushed a tribal rebellion, Algren accepts solely for payment. In Japan he keeps a journal and is accompanied by British translator Simon Graham . Despite Algren's objections, Omura has Bagley order the peasant conscripts to fight early and they are routed when engaging the samurai. Gant is killed and Algren is captured after killing leading samurai warrior Hirotaro. Katsumoto is reminded of a vision of a tiger while watching Algren fight with a tiger-embroidered spear and orders his capture. Taken to the samurai village, Algren is treated by Hirotaro's widow Taka and Katsumoto's son, Nobutada  and recovers from his trauma. He begins to converse with Katsumoto, study swordsmanship under warrior Ujio  and apologizes to Taka for Hirotaro's death which she accepts because of the honor of battle. Growing closer to her and her children, he later helps defend the village from a night attack by Omura's ninja. In spring, Algren is taken back to Tokyo as promised. The Imperial Japanese army have become better organized with American equipment and Omura offers Algren command if he reveals information on the rebels. Algren declines, so privately Omura orders his death. Katsumoto offers his counsel to the young Emperor, but finds the Emperor's control is weak. When Katsumoto refuses to obey the new law to not display swords, he is arrested. Algren frees Katsumoto with the assistance of Ujio, Nobutada and Graham. Nobutada is severely wounded as they escape, sacrificing himself to slow the guards. Katsumoto mourns, but receives word that a large Imperial Army group led by Omura and Bagley will engage them. Five hundred samurai are rallied as Algren references the Battle of Thermopylae. On the eve of battle, Algren is presented with a katana, kisses Taka and wears Hirotaro's red armor as a symbol of respect to her. In battle, the samurai fall back, preventing the Imperial army from using their full firepower. As they expect, Omura orders the infantry to advance, straight into their fire trap. The samurai then unleash a rain of arrows as a wave of swordsmen, including Katsumoto and Algren, attack. A second Imperial infantry wave advances, only to be countered by Ujio's samurai cavalry; a savage melee ensues, leaving many dead on both sides before the Imperial forces retreat. Realizing that fresh Imperial forces are coming, the samurai resolve to fight to the death in a final charge. Algren hurls his sword at Bagley, fatally wounding his nemesis, but the samurai are finally cut down by Gatling guns. Moved by the sight of his dying countrymen, the Imperial captain stops the fire, defying Omura's orders. Katsumoto, observing Bushido, asks Algren to assist in his seppuku. Katsumoto dies and the Imperial soldiers kneel and bow around the fallen samurai. Later, the American ambassador prepares to have the Emperor sign a treaty but an injured Algren enters and interrupts the proceedings, offering Katsumoto's sword to the Emperor who comes to realize that while Japan must modernize, it must chart its own path and never forget its own history and traditions. The Emperor dismisses the American ambassador and confiscates Omura's fortunes to be given to the people. Graham, who was given Algren's journal to help write a book, states that Algren found peace by returning to Taka and the village."] ['The film is set in 1947. A Sikh ex-military man in his thirties, Boota Singh, returns to his village in Jalandhar from the Burma front after World War II. A hope to have a family of his own yet lurks in a corner of his heart. A trader assures him that if he could raise Rs. 2000/- he would buy a young bride for him from UP. Boota starts saving every penny.  India got freedom in 1947 and Pakistan was born; riots begins on both sides. Boota\'s village comes in the grip of riots. One day while working in his fields a beautiful Muslim girl, chasing by the vengeful locals comes to him for help. The youths demands the girl or Rs. 2000/-. Boota could shake them off only after giving them his life\'s savings. His hopes to settle down by raising dowry money are shattered when he needs to use his savings to rescue the Muslim girl, Zainab. With nowhere to go she stays with Boota.  The villagers objects that he can\'t keep her home like that: He should either marry her or leave her in a camp, where people bound for Pakistan live. Boota decides that, since he is far older, he should leave her at the camp. He is about to send her off with a man bound for the camp and who is prepared to marry her there. Zainab, who has learned about the sacrifice he made for her and is touched by his simplicity, asks Boota if he is so poor that he cannot even feed her two rotis per day to keep her alive. Boota Singh and Zainab fall in love and get married. Boota\'s life transforms overnight. Then they have a baby girl. Boota Singh is pretty happy, matrimonially speaking; he is leading a pleasant life.  An uncle of Boota, who was scheming that Boota would die unmarried and the family property will go to him, becomes envious of his marriage with Zainab. When in 1952 India and Pakistan agree to deport the women left behind in the riots, he informs the police that there is such Muslim woman in their village. In Boota\'s absence police forcibly dump Zainab into a truck bound for a refugee camp . And then Zainab is sent to her parents\' village: Barki. Boota sells all his land and goes along with his child to Pakistan illegally. He is quickly arrested and brought before a judge who is quite willing to free him if his wife owns up. Under pressure from her family, she backs off. A disappointed and mournful Boota jumps with his daughter before an oncoming train. He dies; miraculously, his daughter survives. Pakistani youth, overcome by this, hails him "Shaheed-E-Mohabbat Boota Singh"  and erect a memorial and a trust in his name.'] ['In AD 180, General Maximus Decimus Meridius  leads the Roman army to a decisive victory against Germanic tribes at Vindobona, ending a long war on the Roman frontier and earning the esteem of the elderly Emperor Marcus Aurelius . Though he has a son, Commodus , the dying emperor wishes to grant temporary leadership to Maximus, hoping eventually to return power to the Roman Senate. When his father tells him of the decision, Commodus, already bitter that Marcus favors Maximus over him, murders his father in a fit of rage and claims the throne. Maximus realizes the truth about Marcus\' death, but is betrayed by his friend, General Quintus , who reluctantly instructs the Praetorian guards to carry out Commodus\' order to execute Maximus and his wife  and son . Maximus manages to escape, but is unable to return in time to save his family. After burying them, Maximus is found unconscious by slave traders and taken to Zucchabar, a Roman city in North Africa. There, he is bought by Proximo , and forced to fight for his life as a gladiator in arena tournaments. During this time, he befriends gladiators Juba , and Hagen . Juba tells Maximus to have faith that he will be reunited with his family in the afterlife. Maximus proves a fierce gladiator; with nothing left to live for, he is fearless in the arena. He ultimately reaches the prestigious Roman Colosseum, where his group is contracted to fight in a tribute to the Battle of Zama. Concealing his identity with a helmet, he skillfully leads a band of gladiators to defeat an opposing chariot and archer force, earning the crowd\'s praise. Forced to reveal himself to a stunned Commodus in the arena afterward, the crowd votes to spare his life, and Commodus, being obsessed with the people\'s approval, appeases them by doing so. Maximus later wins against the undefeated gladiator Tigris, as well as tigers released into the arena, yet refuses to obey Commodus\' command to perform the coup de grâce. As a result, he is declared "Maximus the Merciful" by the crowd, increasing his popularity and further frustrating Commodus, who cannot kill Maximus without losing favor with the Roman people. Following the fight, Maximus is told by his former servant Cicero ([[Tommy Flanagan  that his army is still loyal to him. Maximus then conspires with Commodus\' sister Lucilla  and the senator Gracchus  to rejoin with his army and topple Commodus by force. Commodus, however, suspects his sister of betrayal and forces her to reveal the plot using veiled threats against her young son Lucius . During Maximus\'s attempted escape, Commodus\' guards attack Proximo\'s gladiator school, killing Hagen and Proximo. Juba and the survivors are imprisoned, but Maximus makes it to the city walls, where he is captured after a failed attempt to save Cicero. Desperate to get Maximus out of the way and prove his own greatness, Commodus arranges a duel with him in the arena. Unknown to the crowd, Commodus stabs a restrained Maximus with a stiletto to gain advantage over him before they enter the arena. During the fight, Maximus manages to disarm Commodus, while Quintus disobeys the emperor\'s demand for his sword and commands his soldiers to do the same. Commodus then produces the hidden stiletto, but Maximus plunges the blade into Commodus\' throat, killing him. With his dying words, Maximus carries out Marcus Aurelius\' wishes, calling for Gracchus to be reinstated, the slaves to be freed, and power to be restored to the Senate. As he dies, Maximus reunites with his family in the afterlife. Lucilla then reiterates his wishes and honors his memory. Some time later, Juba buries Maximus\' two small figurines of his wife and son in the ground where his friend Maximus died, promising to see him in the afterlife, "but not yet".'] [" Kalidas tells the story of the Fourth Century CE Classical Sanskrit poet Kālidāsa. Kalidas  is an illiterate goat herd. Princess Vidhyadhari is tricked into marrying him by her father's minister. She prays to Goddess Kali for help and Kalidas is granted with knowledge and literary talent."] ['A gang of marauding bandits approaches a mountain farming village, but their chief recognizes they have ransacked this village before, and decides it is best to spare it until the harvest in several months. A villager overhears this. The farmers go to their elder, who declares that they should hire samurai to help defend the village. Since they have nothing to offer but food, the elder tells them to "find hungry samurai." Several men go to the city, but are turned away by every samurai they ask. They watch as an experienced samurai, Kambei, deftly rescues a young boy taken hostage by a thief. Impressed, a young samurai named Katsushirō asks to become his disciple. Kambei insists that he walk with him as a friend. The farmers are overjoyed when Kambei agrees to help them. With Katsushirō\'s assistance, he recruits four more masterless samurai: Gorobei Katayama, clever and good natured; Heihachi, a good-humored samurai with mediocre swordsmanship; Shichirōji, an old friend of Kambei\'s; and Kyūzō, a taciturn master swordsman. Although Kambei had judged that seven samurai would be necessary, time is running short. The villagers beg him to take Katsushirō and, after some prodding, he agrees. The clownish Kikuchiyo, whom Kambei had rejected, follows them, ignoring their attempts to drive him away. When the samurai arrive, the villagers cower in their homes. The samurai feel insulted by their cold reception. Suddenly, the alarm is raised; the villagers, fearing that the bandits have returned, beg the new arrivals to protect them. Kikuchiyo, who raised the false alarm, rebukes the villagers for their poor behavior. The samurai accept him, bringing their number to seven. The villagers offer white rice to the samurai, the best they have, while they eat millet. As they prepare, the two groups slowly come to trust each other. However, when the samurai discover that the villagers have murdered and robbed fleeing samurai in the past, they become angry. Kikuchiyo castigates his comrades for ignoring the hardships that the farmers have to overcome to survive, including harassment from the warrior class. This reveals his origins as a farmer\'s son to Kambei. The anger the samurai felt turns to shame. They construct fortifications and train the farmers for battle. Katsushirō, the youngest samurai, begins a relationship with Shino, who had been forced to masquerade as a boy by her father to protect her from the supposedly lustful samurai. As the time for the raid approaches, two bandit scouts are killed, while another is captured and forced to reveal the location of their camp. Three of the samurai, guided by Rikichi, strike preemptively. Many bandits are killed, but Heihachi is slain by gunfire. When a woman emerges from the bandits\' burning house, she sees Rikichi and runs back inside to perish in the flames. Rikichi reveals that this was his wife, who had been kidnapped and defiled. When the bandits attack, they are confounded by the new fortifications. Several are killed attempting to scale the barricades or cross the moats. However, they possess three dangerous muskets. Kyūzō sets out on his own and returns with a musket. A jealous Kikuchiyo later abandons his post to get another musket, leaving his contingent of farmers leaderless. Although he succeeds, the bandits attack his post, overwhelming and killing some of the farmers. Kambei is forced to send reinforcements, leaving the main post undermanned when the bandit chief leads a charge against this position. Although they are repelled, Gorobei is shot and killed. Yohei is also slain. Kambei\'s stratagem is to allow one bandit to enter through a gap in the fortifications, block the rest with a "wall" of spears, and kill the lone enemy. This succeeds several times. On the second night, Kambei instructs them to prepare for a final, decisive battle. When morning breaks, Kambei orders his forces to allow the remaining bandits in. Most of the attackers are killed, but their leader takes refuge in a hut unseen. In what is portrayed as a dishonorable act, he shoots Kyūzō from the hut, killing him. A despondent Katsushirō seeks to avenge his hero, but an enraged Kikuchiyo charges ahead of him, only to be shot himself. Kikuchiyo kills the bandit chief before dying. Kambei and Shichirōji sadly observe "we\'ve survived once again". Afterward, the three surviving samurai watch the villagers happily planting the next crop. They reflect on the relationship between the warrior and farming classes: though they have won the battle, they have lost their friends with little to show for it. "Again we are defeated," Kambei muses. "The winners are those farmers. Not us."'] ['A film biography of An Jung-geun, a Korean independence activist who assassinated Itō Hirobumi, the first Prime Minister of Japan.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}'] ["The story is set in the Jin state during the Spring and Autumn Period of ancient China. The chancellor Zhao Dun and his son, General Zhao Shuo, have a rift with General Tu Angu. Tu secretly murders the duke with poison and pushes the blame to the Zhao family, using that as an excuse to massacre the entire Zhao clan of about 300 people. The only survivor is Zhao Shuo's baby son Zhao Wu, born to the duke's older sister Princess Zhuang. Zhuang pleads with Tu Angu's subordinate Han Jue to spare her child and commits suicide after entrusting Zhao Wu to the physician Cheng Ying, telling Cheng to bring the child to Gongsun Chujiu, a friend of the Zhao family. When Tu Angu learns that the orphan had escaped, he slashes his sword at Han Jue's face in anger, disfiguring him. Subsequently, Tu issues orders to seal the gates and to gather all newborn babies in the city. The ploy was to identify the Zhao orphan since Tu was counting on those hiding the baby to not hand him over; hence singling out the one baby left in the city to be the Zhao infant. Cheng Ying brings the baby Zhao Wu home, but alas, his wife gives up the child to the searching soldiers, claiming Zhao Wu as her own son. Cheng then asks Gongsun Chujiu to bring his wife and son  out of the city, while he stays behind to try and retrieve his real son from Tu Angu. Tu finds Cheng suspicious and Cheng lies that the Zhao orphan has been taken out of the city by Gongsun. Tu then leads his soldiers to Gongsun's house and finds Cheng's wife and son. Mistaking Cheng's son as the Zhao orphan, Tu kills the infant, Gongsun and Cheng's wife. Cheng is devastated by the loss of his family and he swears vengeance on Tu Angu. He brings Zhao Wu to Tu's house and raises the boy there. Tu misbelieves that Zhao Wu is Cheng's child and treats him like a son. Zhao Wu gradually grows up under Tu's tutelage and develops a father-son bond with Tu. Cheng Ying also forges a close friendship with the disfigured Han Jue and they secretly plot to help Zhao Wu avenge his family. One day, Cheng Ying breaks the truth to Zhao Wu, telling him that Tu Angu, who has been a fatherly figure to him for the past 15 years, is actually the murderer of his family. Zhao is unable to accept the truth initially but his attitude changes as he hears from Han Jue about how Cheng Ying sacrificed his own son to save him. Zhao and Cheng finally confront Tu Angu, but Tu is aware of Zhao's true identity, as over the years, he has noticed that the boy resembles Zhao Shuo. Zhao Wu engages Tu Angu in a sword fight but is no match for Tu. At the critical moment, Cheng sacrifices himself to give Zhao an opportunity to stab and kill Tu. The film ends with the dying Cheng having a vision of his reunion with his family."] ["In the late 1930s, in Ferrara, a group of young friends get together for afternoons of tennis and happy times. Some of them are Jewish and a rising tide of Fascism has imposed increasingly anti-Semitic restrictions in their lives. Barred from regular tennis clubs, they go to play at the grand, walled estate owned by the Finzi-Contini, a wealthy, intellectual and sophisticated Jewish family. The two young Finzi-Contini, Alberto and his sister Micol, have organized a tennis tournament. Oblivious to the threats around them, life still seems to be sunny at the large Finzi-Contini estate, keeping the rest of the world at bay. Among the visitors there is a man vying for the beautiful, tall and blond, Micol Finzi-Contini. Her middle class Jewish, childhood friend is Giorgio, who feels entitled to her heart. A series of flashbacks show how Giorgio used to wait outside the walls of the estate, hoping for a glimpse of Micol. As teenagers they became fast friends. Now as adults, they enjoy their mutual company and Micol gives Giorgio special attention. Escaping a sudden downpour in a gazebo, Giorgio tries to touch her, but she rejects him. Alberto, whose health is fragile, enjoys a close friendship with Bruno Malnate, a darkly handsome gentile with socialist sympathies. Giorgio's father considers the Finzi-Contini so different that they don’t even seem to be Jewish. Wealth, privilege and generations of intellectual and social position have bred them into a family as proud as it is vulnerable. The other Jews in the town react to Mussolini's edicts in various ways: Giorgio is enraged; his father is philosophical. But the Finzi-Continis hardly seem to know, or care, what is happening. Giorgio, who is about to graduate, becomes a frequent visitor to the Finzi-Contini's villa where he is allowed to use their extensive library. He is in love with Micol, and she seems to return his feeling, but unexpectedly she leaves to stay in Venice with her uncles. On her return Micol changes, coldly rejecting any show of affection from Giorgio. Instead she carries on affair with Bruno Malnate, a man she claims to despise as too vulgar, crude, and leftist for her tastes. Peeking through a window Giorgio discovers Bruno and Micol naked together. Heartbroken Giorgio is comforted by his father. The political events close in. A journey to visit his brother Ernesto in Grenoble exposes Giorgio to news of the Nazi persecution, but he returns to Ferrara. With the beginning of the German invasion of the Soviet Union, Bruno is recruited and sent to the Russian front. By 1943 all the young Jews who used to visit the Garden of the Finzi-Continis have been arrested. Malnate has been killed in the Russian front. By the time the frail and sick Alberto dies, Italian soldiers are hunting down and rounding up the Jews of Ferrara. The Finzi-Continis are abruptly taken away from their contentment and illusory isolation. Separated from her parents Micol and her frail and distraught grandmother are placed in a former classroom. They are surprised to find Giorgio’s father. Anxiously she asks him about Giorgio. He tells her that he hopes that Giorgio and the rest of his family has made it abroad. The fate of the Jews of Ferrara is being deported to the concentration camps. Giorgio's father hopes that at least they won't be separated. Images show happy days of Nicole, Alberto, Ernesto and Bruno playing tennis and now the empty tennis court. The sequence is accompanied by the El male rachamim, a Jewish lament for the dead."] ["Jeanne de Saint-Rémy de Valois, orphaned at an early age, is determined to reclaim her royal title and the home taken from her family when she was a child. Some events were fictionalized in the movie. For example, her father was, in fact, the illegitimate offspring of a previous king and was not wealthy. When she is rebuffed by Marie Antoinette and fails to achieve her goal through legal channels, she joins forces with the arrogant, well-connected gigolo Rétaux de Villette and her own wayward, womanizing husband Nicholas. They concoct a plan to earn her enough money to purchase the property. King Louis XV had commissioned Parisian jewellers Boehmer and Bassenge to create an opulent {{convert}}, 647-diamond necklace to present to his mistress Madame du Barry, but the king died before it was completed. Hoping to recover the high cost of the necklace, its creators try to persuade Marie Antoinette to purchase it. Knowing its history, she declines. Jeanne approaches debauched libertine Cardinal Louis de Rohan and introduces herself as a confidante of the Queen. For years the Cardinal has yearned to regain the Queen's favor and acquire the position of Prime Minister of France, and when he is reassured by occultist Count Cagliostro that Jeanne is legitimate, he allows himself to be seduced by her promise to intervene on his behalf. He begins to correspond with the Queen and is unaware that his letters to her are intercepted and the Queen's responses are forgeries intended to manipulate him. The tone of the letters become very intimate. The cardinal becomes more and more convinced that Marie Antoinette is in love with him, and he becomes ardently enamored of her. Jeanne allegedly arranges a meeting between the two in the garden at the Palace of Versailles. Portraying the Queen is Nicole Leguay d'Oliva, an actress bearing some resemblance to her. Heavily cloaked, with her face in the shadows, she agrees to forget their past disagreements. The Cardinal believes his indiscretions have been forgiven and he once again is in the Queen's good favor. Jeanne advises the Cardinal the Queen has decided to purchase the necklace but, not wanting to offend the populace by openly buying such an expensive item, she wishes him to do so on her behalf, with a promise to reimburse him for the cost by the Feast of the Assumption. The Cardinal gladly agrees and presents the necklace to Rétaux de Villette, believing him to be an emissary from the Queen. Nicholas de Lamotte sells some of the diamonds, and Jeanne uses the profits to buy her family home. The Cardinal begins to panic when Jeanne disappears and his correspondence with the Queen comes to an abrupt end. His concern is put to rest by an invitation to visit the palace on the Feast of the Assumption, at which time he assumes he will be repaid in full and named Prime Minister. Instead, King Louis XVI, who has been made aware of his machinations by Minister Breteuil, has him imprisoned in the Bastille. Soon to follow are everyone else involved in the plot. A trial finds the Cardinal, Count Cagliostro, and Nicole Leguay d'Oliva innocent of all charges. Rétaux de Villette is found guilty and banished from France. Jeanne is found guilty and whipped and branded before being imprisoned; she later escapes to London where she publishes her memoirs and regales the locals with her tales. Eventually Marie Antoinette, assumed to be a key player in the affair by an increasingly angry and restless populace, meets her fate on the guillotine. We learn via an epilogue Jeanne died after falling from her hotel room window and was rumored to have been killed by royalists."] ["Over the course of a year, film follows Vancouver Pride Society president Ken Coolen to various international Pride events, including Poland, Hungary, Russia, Sri Lanka and others where there is great opposition to pride parades. In North America, Pride is complicated by commercialization and a sense that the festivals are turning away from their political roots toward tourism, party promotion and entertainment. Christie documents the ways larger, more mainstream Pride events have supported the global Pride movement and how human rights components are being added to more established events. In the New York sequence, leaders organize an alternative Pride parade, the Drag March, set up to protest the corporatization of New York Pride. A parade in São Paulo, the world's largest Pride festival, itself includes a completely empty float, meant to symbolize all those lost to HIV and to anti-gay violence.Xtra: Documentary examines Pride, from protest movement to business concern"] ['The film is set in 1901, and is based on events surrounding the growing Macedonian resistance to the Ottoman Empire. Resistance groups known as "Komiti" show the readiness of the Macedonian people to fight for freedom. At the same time different religious missions are trying to expand their influence among the people. Thessaloniki is the center of the American Protestant mission in Macedonia. The Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization  abducted U.S. Protestant missionary Miss Stone  led by Yane Sandanski  and his unit. The group demanded 25 pounds of gold to release her. They wanted her to sign the demand. She flatly refuses, but after going through several battles with Turkish forces, she stands on the side of guerrillas and signs the letter. The gold is eventually provided.'] ['The series chronicles the story of the Adams political family over a 150-year span, including John Adams , his wife Abigail Adams, his son John Quincy Adams , grandson Charles Francis Adams, congressman and ambassador to Great Britain during the Civil War, and much-heralded members of the fourth generation Henry Brooks Adams, the historian and author of the novel Democracy, and Charles Francis Adams II, the industrialist. The most prominent role in the series is John Adams, played by George Grizzard. His views dominate the series even after his death, on July 4, 1826, the 50th anniversary of the passage of the United States Declaration of Independence. As a result of his achievements during the revolution, and afterwards as vice president and president, subsequent Adams generations have a hard time dealing with this legacy of public service and accomplishment and frequently wonder if they are measuring up to their distinguished ancestry. In the end, the members of the fourth generation feel that the time in which the Adams family can play a prominent role in the affairs of the nation has passed.'] ["The film is centred on the creation of The Night Watch, Rembrandt's most famous work, depicting civilian militiamen who wanted to be celebrated in a group portrait. The film posits a conspiracy to murder within the musketeer regiment of Frans Banning Cocq and Willem van Ruytenburch, and suggests that Rembrandt may have immortalized a conspiracy theory using subtle allegory in his group portrait of the regiment, subverting what was to have been a highly prestigious commission for both painter and subject. The film also depicts Rembrandt's personal life, and suggests he suffered serious consequences in later life as a result of the accusation contained in his most famous painting."] ['The film opens with prison officer Raymond Lohan  preparing to leave for work; checking under his car for bombs, putting on his uniform in the locker room and ignoring the camaraderie of his colleagues. There are short clips of Lohan at various points throughout the day and it is shown that his knuckles are bloodied and cut. Davey Gillen, a new IRA prisoner arrives and is shown being categorised as a "non-conforming prisoner" for his refusal to wear the prison uniform. He is sent to the cell naked with only a blanket. He arrives at his cell where his cellmate, Gerry , has smeared the walls with feces from floor to ceiling. The two men get to know each other and we see them living within the cell, and a visit by family members where we see Sands speak with his parents and the other inmates and their visitors passing messages across tables and through mouths. Gerry\'s girlfriend sneaks a radio in by wrapping it and keeping it in her vagina. The prison regime is depicted with the prison officers forcibly and violently removing the prisoners from their cells and beating them before pinning them down and using scissors to brutally cut their long hair and beards, grown as part of their no wash protest. The prisoners resist, Sands spitting into Lohan\'s face, who responds by punching him in the face and then swings again, only to miss and punch the wall, causing his knuckles to bleed. He cuts Sands\' hair and beard, the men throw him in the bath tub and scrub him clean before hauling him away again. Lohan is then seen smoking a cigarette, as in the opening scenes, his hand bloodied. Later, the prisoners are taken out of their cells and given second hand civilian clothing. The guards are seen snickering as they are handed to the prisoners who respond, after Sands\' initial action, by tearing up the clothes and wrecking their cells. For the next interaction with the prisoners a large number of riot officers are seen coming into the prison on a truck. They line up and beat their batons against their shields and scream to scare the prisoners, who are hauled from their cells, then thrown in between the lines of riot police where they are beaten with the batons by at least 10 men at one time. Lohan and several of his colleagues then probe first their anuses and then their mouths, using the same pair of latex gloves for each man. One prisoner head-butts a guard and is beaten brutally by a riot officer. One of the riot officers is seen crying while his colleagues, on the other side of the wall, brutally beat the prisoners with their batons. Lohan visits his catatonic mother in the retirement home sitting and talking to her. He is shot in the back of the head by an IRA assassin and dies slumped onto his mother\'s lap. Sands is then shown meeting his priest Father Dom ([[Liam Cunningham  and discussing the morality of a hunger strike. This meeting is lengthy and addresses why Sands chose to do what he did and how strongly he believed in his cause. At the end Sands tells the priest about a trip to Donegal where he and his friends find a foal by a stream who has cut itself on the rocks and broken its back legs, it is on the brink of death and none of the other boys will act. Sands then tells Father Dom that he drowned the foal and, although he got into trouble, he knew he had done the right thing by putting it out of its misery. He then says he know what he is doing and what it will do to him, but he says he will not stand by and do nothing. The rest of the film shows Sands well into his hunger strike, with bleeding sores all over his body, kidney failure, low blood pressure, stomach ulcers, and the inability to stand on his own by the end. The film spares no detail in Sands\' condition and suffering. In the last days, while Sands lies in a bath, a larger orderly comes in to give his usual orderly a break. The larger orderly sits next to the tub and shows Sands his knuckles, which are tattooed with the letters "UDA", Sands tries to stand on his own and eventually does so with all his strength, staring defiantly at the UDA orderly who refused to help him up, but then he crumbles in a heap on the floor with no strength left to stand. The orderly carries him to his room. Sands\' parents stay for the final days, his mother being at his side when Sands dies. The film explains that Sands had been elected to the United Kingdom Parliament as MP for Fermanagh and South Tyrone while he was on strike. Nine other men died with him during the seven-month strike before it was called off. Shortly afterwards, the British government concede in one form or another virtually all of the prisoners\' demands despite never officially granting political status.'] ['Nakaura of Julian, a priest of the Society of Jesus, was one of four young ambassadors sent to Rome by the Jesuits in 1538, as proof that Japan had converted to Christianity. Fifty years after this glorious mission, which so fascinated European royalty, Julian was forced again to prove his faith, only this time before a Shogun, who wanted to force him to abandon his religion. Julian resists, as does Miguel Chijiwa, a fellow at the embassy to Rome, who become a martyr. Betrayed by Christopher Ferreira, who can not stand the pain of torture, Julian suffers an inglorious death ... or maybe not.Os Olhos da Ásia Cinema. Retrieved on 22 August 2011'] [" By 1579, Elizabeth I has reigned for about 20 years and has refused to marry. Her chief advisor Lord Burghley and her spymaster Sir Francis Walsingham plan to have her marry the Duke of Anjou, brother of Henry III of France, to make an alliance against Spain. Elizabeth's favourite the Earl of Leicester strongly opposes the match because of his own longstanding affections for her. The Duke of Anjou eventually comes to court Elizabeth, but despite him being to her liking, she is later convinced by Burghley not to marry him because of negative popular opinion towards the match. Over time, Walsingham gathers evidence to prove that Elizabeth's Catholic cousin Mary, Queen of Scots is plotting to have her killed. Elizabeth is reluctant to have Mary executed because of the war it would likely ignite between England and Spain. During a secret meeting, Mary gives Elizabeth her word that she does not want her dead. Elizabeth hesitantly gives Leicester command of the English campaign to assist the Dutch against Spain, which fails. Once it is proven that Mary has in fact been conspiring against Elizabeth's life, Mary is judged guilty of treason and later executed. After negotiations between England and Spain fail, a fleet of Spanish ships are sent for England. Elizabeth gives Leicester command of the land forces and rides with him and his stepson the Earl of Essex to Tilbury, where they expect the Spanish to attempt a landing and where Elizabeth delivers a speech to the troops. The Spanish Armada is ultimately defeated, but Leicester falls gravely ill just as they learn of the English victory. Later, on his deathbed, Leicester bids Essex to take care of Elizabeth.  By 1589, Elizabeth has made a favourite of Essex and falls in love with him. She is openly outraged when he takes part in an English military expedition to Lisbon against her wishes, but she forgives him in spite of his failure to take the city from the Spanish. She grants him 10 percent of a tax on sweet wines and a seat on the Privy Council, of which Lord Burghley's son Robert Cecil was also recently made a member. Essex and Cecil develop a rivalry, as illustrated by the affair of Elizabeth's physician Dr. Lopez, who is hanged based on evidence brought forth by Essex of his participation in a Spanish plot against Elizabeth, evidence proven questionable after the fact by Cecil. Essex's political ambitions begin to clash with his devotion and loyalty to Elizabeth. As Elizabeth finds her young lover's behavior becoming increasingly worrisome, she draws closer to Cecil, who is named Secretary of State following the death of Walsingham. Essex is publicly hailed upon his return to England after taking Cadiz from the Spanish, but his relationship with Elizabeth begins to deteriorate. She and Cecil suspect Essex of secretly communicating with James VI of Scotland, son of Mary, Queen of Scots, a potential successor to the English throne. After Burghley's death, Elizabeth sends Essex to Ireland to put down a rebellion but he instead makes a truce and returns to England alone. Elizabeth puts Essex under house arrest. Essex and his followers fail to start a rebellion in London and are captured. At his trial, Essex accuses Cecil of collaborating with Spain but has no evidence to prove this, and he is found guilty of treason and beheaded. Some time later, Elizabeth becomes listless, going for three weeks without eating before making her way to her bed and requesting a priest, saying she is minded to die."] ['Shakuntala is the story of the mythological queen Shakuntala, whose tale is told in the Mahabarata and dramatized by Kalidasa in the play Abhijñānaśākuntalam.'] ["The film recounts the troubled life of French sculptor Camille Claudel and her long relationship with legendary sculptor Auguste Rodin. Beginning in the 1880s with a young Claudel's first meeting with Rodin, the film traces the development of their intense romantic bond. The growth of this relationship coincides with the rise of Claudel's career, helping her overcome prejudices against female artists. However, their romance soon sours, due to the increasing pressures of Rodin's fame and his love for another woman. These difficulties combine with her increasing doubts about the value of her work to drive Claudel into an emotional tumult that threatens to become insanity."] ['Led by Captain Collyer , a detachment of Royal Navy tax and revenue officers arrive in the village of Dymchurch on Romney Marsh. The area is notorious for liquor-smuggling and they are on the trail of the culprits. They find a village of apparently honest, pious and simple folk, looked after benevolently by their philanthropic vicar Doctor Syn . However Syn is in fact the leader of the smugglers of the parish, using his cover as a man of the cloth to run a profitable ring whose dividends are used to better the lives of the local community. Collyer gradually comes to suspect what is going on, and a series of chases and confrontations takes place across the marshes with Syn and the smugglers always managing narrowly to outwit their pursuers. Collyer finally discovers that Syn is in fact none other than the notorious pirate Captain Clegg, thought to have been executed many years earlier. Still one step ahead, Syn destroys all incriminating evidence and he and his men make their escape.'] ["In 1917, the people of the Russian Empire are no longer willing to fight Germany, but the bourgeois government of Alexander Kerensky is unwilling to defy its imperialist allies and stop the war. Only Vladimir Lenin's Bolshevik Party is resolute in calling for peace. In the front, the soldiers of one battalion elect three delegates to travel to St. Petersburg with donations the troops collected for the Pravda newspaper: Gudushauri, Panasiuk and Ershov. The three arrive in the capital and describe the horrendous conditions in which the soldiers live to Joseph Stalin, Lenin's trusted aid and colleague. They join the Bolsheviks and take part in the storming of the Winter Palace, led by Stalin and Lenin. Stalin announces that the great dawn of revolution has broken."] ['The story is based on the Indian historical event during 16th century. It narrates the victory of Viswanatha Nayak on his father to express his Rajabhakti towards Srikrishnadevaraya.'] ['The film has several plot lines. The main plot line is taking place in the winter of 1980th and tells the story of Alika , a young nurse who stays in Yalta with her patient and lover Krymov , who is considerably older than she is. Krymov is the head of a criminal group and is being watched by inept KGB agents, but Alika is not completely aware of it. In Yalta Alika meets Bananan ([[Afrika , a young and eccentric underground rock musician, who introduces her to the Soviet counterculture. When Krymov discovers that Alika is developing a relationship with Bananan, he becomes jealous and tries to convince Bananan to leave Alika and Yalta altogether; after Bananan refuses, Krymov\'s minions murder him. When he tells Alika about this, she murders him and is arrested by the Militsiya, although they treat her gently. Another minor plot line shows the history of the murder of tsar Paul I of Russia. It is based on a book by Natan Eidelman, which Krymov is shown reading throughout the movie.  Besides the two conventional plot lines, the film is notable for having many experimental scenes which are only loosely related to the plot: Bananan\'s surreal dreams, "footnotes" with explanation of Russian rock slang and performances of complete Russian rock songs by Aquarium, Bravo, Soyuz kompozitorov, Yury Chernavsky with Vesyolye Rebyata and Kino. Boris Grebenshchikov of Aquarium wrote the film\'s instrumental soundtrack and he is also referenced in the film\'s dialog: Bananan says that Grebenshchikov "is a God who radiates light". The film\'s memorable final scene symbolizes the liberation of Russian music from the state-imposed restrictions. In the scene, which is barely related to the plot, Bananan\'s band-mate brings Viktor Tsoi, the singer of Kino, portrayed by himself, to work in a restaurant as a singer; the restaurant manager starts reading to him the strict rules that all restaurant performers must follow, but instead of listening to her, Tsoi goes straight to the stage and starts singing I Want Changes! ; after some time the camera turns around and shows that he\'s not in a restaurant, but in front of a huge admiring crowd of young people in a theatre. This song became strongly associated with the social changes in the Soviet Union in the times of Perestroika and Glasnost in late 1980s, and the Russian opposition movement Solidarnost chose it as its anthem. Another experimental scene shows one of Krymov\'s minions  being interrogated about Krymov\'s criminal activities. In an attempt to avoid squealing he pretends to be insane and reads a monologue about being traumatized by the death of Yuri Gagarin. The monologue was improvised by Bashirov.КИНО в КИНО at the fuzz-magazine.ru website'] ['In Israel during the Roman Empire, Jesus Christ of Nazareth travels around the country with his disciples preaching to the people about God and salvation of their souls. He claims to be the son of God and the prophesized messiah. He is arrested by the Romans and crucified. He rises from the dead after three days.'] ['Pugachev is historical drama about revolt under direction of Yemelyan Pugachev playing by Yevgeny Matveyev during the reign of Catherine II of Russia playing by Vija Artmane. {{Expand section}}'] ["At 17, William Lanctôt-Couture , an ice hockey star player passes through rough times and a depression prior to Christmas. He is unmotivated and lacks purpose and his coach criticizes him for his lack of team spirit. Meanwhile the troubled player's father Benoît  is preoccupied with completing a documentary film about the Montreal Canadiens to the detriment of his family obligations and to the detriment of his player son. His mother Michelle , a nurse, is deeply affected by one of her young patients, Daniel Delage  who at just 10 is awaiting a kidney transplant. William befriends Daniel, a huge ice hockey and Canadiens fan and most of the team is showing up at the hospital to meet Daniel.."] ["The film portrays Lukša's attempts, in trips to western Europe, to gain support for the armed anti-Soviet resistance , whose fortunes in a guerrilla war against Soviet authorities were waning, largely due to widespread infiltration and harsh crackdowns by the NKVD. The film depicts Lukša being killed in an ambush in Lithuania, although his body has never been found."] ['In a remote village in 1184 France, Balian , a blacksmith, is haunted by his wife\'s recent suicide. A group of Crusaders arrive; one of them introduces himself as Balian\'s father, Baron Godfrey of Ibelin . Godfrey asks Balian to return with him to Jerusalem. Balian refuses and the Crusaders leave. The town priest, Balian\'s half-brother , reveals that he ordered Balian\'s wife beheaded before burial, a customary practice for people who commit suicide. Balian notices his brother wearing the cross that his wife wore before she was to be buried. In a fit of rage, Balian kills his brother, retrieves the crucifix and flees the village. Balian pursues his father in the hope of gaining forgiveness and redemption for him and his wife in Jerusalem. After he reaches Godfrey, soldiers led by Godfrey\'s nephew arrive, ostensibly to arrest Balian. In reality, the nephew intends to assassinate Balian and Godfrey so that his father, and eventually he, may inherit Godfrey\'s barony. Godfrey refuses to surrender Balian. The nephew launches a sneak attack against Godfrey. The attack fails and Godfrey kills his nephew, but is struck by an arrow that breaks off in his body. In Messina, Godfrey knights Balian and orders him to serve the King of Jerusalem and protect the helpless, before succumbing to his injuries. During Balian\'s journey to Jerusalem his ship runs aground in a storm, leaving Balian and a horse as the only survivors. When Balian releases the horse from the wreckage it flees in panic. Following the horse, Balian is confronted by a Muslim cavalier and his servant. A fight over the horse follows and Balian reluctantly slays the cavalier when attacked, but spares the servant, asking him to guide him to Jerusalem. Upon arriving, Balian gives the horse to the servant and releases him. The man tells him his slain master was an important knight amongst the Saracens; his deed will gain him fame and respect from them. Balian becomes acquainted with Jerusalem\'s political arena: the leper King Baldwin IV , Tiberias the Marshal of Jerusalem, the King\'s sister, Princess Sibylla , and her husband Guy de Lusignan , who supports the anti-Muslim activities of brutal factions like the Knights Templar. Guy intends to rule after Baldwin\'s death and seeks to provoke a war that will allow him to dispose of the Muslims and claim the Kingdom for the Christians. Guy and his co-conspirator, Raynald of Châtillon , massacre a Muslim trade caravan with the aid of the Templars. Saladin , leader of the Muslim forces, advances on Kerak, Raynald\'s castle, to punish him for his crime. Balian protects the villagers entering the castle from Saladin\'s cavalry, despite a request from Raynald to withdraw. Though outnumbered, Balian and his knights charge Saladin\'s cavalry, allowing the villagers time to flee. A fierce, but one-sided battle ensues in which Balian\'s knights are captured. In the enemy camp, Balian encounters the servant he freed, Imad ad-Din , learning he is actually Saladin\'s Chancellor, who releases Balian to enter Kerak. Saladin arrives with his army to besiege Kerak and King Baldwin IV approaches with his. They negotiate a Muslim retreat and Baldwin swears to punish Raynald. Baldwin confronts Raynald, forcing him onto his knees. As Raynald grovels for mercy, Baldwin slaps him a few times and forces Raynald to kiss his diseased hand. The exertion of these events causes Baldwin to collapse, weakened beyond recovery. Saladin assures his generals that he will reclaim Jerusalem, but only when he is confident of victory. Baldwin asks Balian to marry Sibylla, knowing they have affection for each other, but Balian refuses because in order for the marriage to occur Guy would have to be killed. After Baldwin dies, Sibylla succeeds her brother and names Guy King of Jerusalem. Guy releases Raynald, asking him to give him a war, which Raynald does by murdering Saladin\'s sister. When Saladin\'s emissary relays demands for the return of his sister\'s body, the heads of those responsible and the surrender of Jerusalem, Guy decapitates the emissary and sends his head back to Damascus. Guy sends three Templars to assassinate Balian, since he is the most strident voice against a war, though Balian survives the assassination attempt. In council, war is agreed upon "because God wills it" and against sound advice they march into the desert to fight Saladin, leaving Jerusalem unguarded except for Balian, Tiberias, their knights, a few remaining Crusader soldiers and the townspeople. Saladin\'s army attacks the Crusaders and in the ensuing battle the Crusaders are annihilated. Guy and Raynald are captured; Saladin executes Raynald and then marches on Jerusalem, sparing Guy as king only out of tradition. Tiberias and his men leave for Cyprus, believing Jerusalem is lost, but Balian and his knights remain to protect the villagers. Knowing they cannot defeat the Saracens, they hope to hold their enemies off long enough for the Saracens to offer terms. After a battle that lasts three days, Saladin offers terms: Balian surrenders Jerusalem when Saladin offers the inhabitants safe passage to Christian lands. In the marching column of citizens, he finds Sibylla who has renounced her claim as Queen of Jerusalem and other cities. After Balian returns to his village in France, English knights ride through looking for Balian, defender of Jerusalem. Balian replies that he is the blacksmith, and the man leading the knights identifies himself as King Richard I of England , and they commence a new Crusade to retake Jerusalem. Balian responds that he is merely a blacksmith, and Richard rides off. Balian is joined by Sibylla, and passing by the grave of Balian\'s wife, they ride toward a new life together.'] ['A film about Choe Si-hyeong, a leader of the Donghak Peasant Revolution of late 19th-century Korea.Synopsis based on {{AllRovi movie}} and {{cite web}} This film revolves around the life of Choi Shi-hyong, head of the religious sect, Chondogyo, in the later part of the Chosun Kingdom. He is constantly sought and harassed by the authorities. In 1864, Choi Jeh-woo, the reformist and founder of the Chondogyo sect is executed on charges of "deluding the world and deceiving the people". His successor, Choi Shi-hyong, begins to receive a ground swell of support from an increasing number of people. He then finds himself the subject of oppression by the court. He is separated from his family and goes to hide in a hermitage in the Taeback Mountains. With the belief that his wife is dead, Choi burns the tablet delicated to her and flees to an even more remote region of the mountains.'] ['In the early 1960s NASA discovered a vast and advanced civilization on the Moon with their first space probes. While this civilization was able to shield itself from all Earth-based visual detection devices, U.S. President John F. Kennedy\'s speech from 1961 that declared the intent to "Put a man on the Moon and return him safely to the Earth" was not designed as a space race with the Soviet Union, but to secretly establish contact with this newly discovered civilization. This discovery was classified and false images from the Moon were transmitted during all the Apollo missions. When the Earth mission of this new civilization was discovered, political forces demanded that President Richard Nixon end manned missions to the Moon in 1972. First World commences in the year 2018 when the Chinese government announces it is making its first manned mission to the Moon within 24 hours. What does this civilization represent? Why was it covered up? Who knows about its existence? What is their mission? And what lengths will some go to protect Earth and our way of life?First World  - Plot summary'] ["Contemporary India. A majestic fort. A royal dynasty that no longer rules. A king without a kingdom. Yet Eklavya , their royal guard, lives in a time warp. He lives only to protect the fort, the dynasty, and the king. For nine generations Eklavya's family has protected Devigarh, a centuries old citadel in Rajasthan. His marksmanship is the stuff of legends. His unflinching loyalty inspires ballads. Eklavya has spent his entire life serving the royals and closely guarding their secrets but now he's getting old and increasingly blind. Unable to cope with the suffocating customs of his land, the heir, Prince Harshwardhan , has stayed away in London. But the sudden demise of the queen, Rani Suhasinidevi , forces the Prince back to the kingdom he had left behind. The queen leaves a letter for her son in which she tells him that his biological father is actually Eklavya. The Prince's return brings a rush of joy into the moribund fort. His mentally challenged twin sister, Princess Nandini  and his childhood love Rajjo  are delighted to see him. But the joy of reunion is short-lived. There is unrest in the kingdom: Farmers are being stripped of their lands. The king, Rana Jaywardhan , influenced by his brother, Rana Jyotiwardhan , supports the atrocities being forced upon the helpless peasants. The king receives a death threat over the phone. An irreverent police officer, Pannalal Chohar , is called in to investigate. But he might be too late. The fragile peace of the land is suddenly shattered by a barrage of bullets. Jaywardhan instructs his brother Jyotiwardhan to kill Eklavya in a fit of rage but his brother betrays him and kills him and also his driver . And amidst the mayhem, the safely guarded secrets of the fort are unveiled. Eklavya suspects Jyotiwardhan and his son, Udaywardhan , are responsible for Jaywardhan's death. He kills Udaywardhan and leads Jyotiwardhan to Udaywardhan's body, intending to kill him and fulfill his oath, whereupon Jyotiwardhan reveals to Eklavya that it was the prince who ordered the death of the king. Shouting in denial, Eklavya kills Jyotiwardhan, knowing he must face the young Prince Harshwardhan, his own son, in order to finally fulfill his dharma. Harshwardhan overcome with guilt reveals his own hand in the murder of Jaywardhan to Rajjo, who leaves him because his actions also caused the death of her father. When Eklavya comes to the palace to kill the Prince, he explains why he killed the king. The King had murdered the Queen when she in her semi-conscious state kept muttering Eklavya's name. Eklavya finally fulfills his dharma, by sparing his son's life and declaring the original Eklavya wrong. Rajjo eventually forgives Harshwardhan because she believes that he is truly sorry for his actions and Pannalal Chohar finds a suicide note saying that Udaywardhan and Jyotiwardhan scared that they were about to be caught jumped in front of a train."] ['Rome, 1825. Cornacchia, a shoemaker, finds out that a Carbonari associate, prince Filippo Spada, is going to reveal the organization\'s plans for an uprising to the Pontifical Guard\'s commander, Colonel Nardoni. He then goes off to warn his friend Leonida Montanari, a doctor and head of the conspirators, who decides to take out the informer. He and Angelo Targhini, a newcomer from the Duchy of Modena, attempt to murder Spada but ultimately fail to deliver the final blow. Spada manages to survive the attack and report his assailants to the police, having them both arrested and subsequently, after a summary judgement, sentenced to death by Cardinal Rivarola. Meanwhile Giuditta, Cornacchia\'s Jewish workshop assistant, who was previously in love with Montanari, has started to develop feelings for Targhini after first meeting him, unaware of Cornacchia\'s feelings towards her. While the two Carbonari are imprisoned in Castel Sant\'Angelo, an idealist friar is sent to convince them to repent from their sins, stating that they cannot be executed until.their souls are considered saved. They try to take advantage of this by delaying the execution for as long as possible. One day, after Giuditta accuses him of cowardice, Cornacchia reveals to her that he is actually Pasquino, the mysterious author of satirical poems against the Pope and the government. Out of his love for Giuditta, he decides to make a deal with Rivarola: he would reveal Pasquino\'s identity in exchange for the conspirators\' lives. Rivarola, who already suspects him, pretends to agree and gives him a note, telling him to personally deliver it to Nardoni at Castel Sant\'Angelo to have the prisoners released. The note actually says to arrest him at once, but if Cornacchia were to protest, he would give away that he can actually read, thus confirming Rivarola\'s suspicions. The shoemaker, with his disciple Bellachioma, writes a poem in which he asks to hurry the execution of the two Carbonari, explaining to his pupil that only their deaths may lead the people to consciousness. Then, after appointing Bellachioma as the new Pasquino, he joins a convent to escape Rivarola\'s persecution. In the meantime, people from the streets assault Castel Sant\'Angelo, leading Montanari to believe that they are gonna revolt and set them free, but he soon learns that even his fellow citizens want them dead. The friar meets with Rivarola and asks him to delay the execution, believing that every soul must be saved, but the cardinal just shrugs him off. Eventually, the execution day comes and, just as the condemned are about step towards the guillotine, the friar shows up and desperately implores them to repent, but they politely refuse. Refusing to give up, the friar says he\'s going to absolve them anyway, at the cost of having to deal with God himself, but Rivarola\'s men stop him from doing so. In the end, Targhini is decapitated and Montanari, before being executed as well, takes one last gaze upon the citizens of Rome gathered in Piazza del Popolo and says: "Good night, people."'] ["Though raising the universal aspect of humanity rather than emphasize the religious aspects, this film is about Dutch East Indies  first indigenous bishop: Monsignor Albertus Soegijapranata SJ, from his inauguration until the end of Indonesia's independence war . This turbulent decade marked by the end of 350 years of Dutch occupation, entry and commencement of Japanese occupation of Indonesia, the Proclamation of Indonesian Independence, and the return of the Netherlands who tried to get Indonesia back as part of their Dutch Empire, which led to the Indonesian National Revolution. Soegija wrote all these events in his diary reflections, and also its participation in relieving the suffering of people in the midst of the chaos of war. He tried to play a role at all levels, local politics, national and international. ' The film also shows the background and story of the Indonesian nurse Mariyem, Dutch soldier Robert, Dutch war photographer Hendrick and Japanese colonel Nobuzuki, in their own struggle during one of the heaviest periods of Indonesian history."] ['The film opens with Drake\'s return from his voyage of circumnavigation. He is nervous about how he will be received at home, and rightly so, for he has executed Thomas Doughty, an influential courtier, investor in the voyage, and formerly, his closest friend. The story is mostly told in flashback as Drake recounts the circumstances of the voyage to Queen Elizabeth I. Although it is clear how Drake interprets the events that led to Doughty\'s execution, the depicted scenes paint a more ambiguous tale. Conflict between Drake and Doughty grows due to an escalating pattern of Drake\'s increasing autocracy and paranoia, and Doughty\'s underhanded means to regain the authority he sees as rightly his due.  Before the fleet leaves Plymouth, Drake learns that someone has betrayed the news of the voyage to William Cecil, Lord Burghley. Drake is upset as the destination of the venture - to raid Spanish ships in Peru and return home via a route theorized by John Dee called "the Straits of Anian" - is top secret, known only to Drake, Doughty, the Queen and a few select insiders. Drake has told the crew they will be voyaging to Alexandria on a trade mission. Tension is high when the truth is revealed. A few of Drake\'s crewmen are discontent at being tricked into a long, dangerous voyage; Doughty has second thoughts and tries to convince Drake to redirect the fleet to less uncertain plunder on the Spanish Main. Drake is resolute, but alienates his former friend through his high-handedness. Doughty believes that his investment, his advocacy of the venture at court, and his command of the soldiers accompanying the fleet, entitle him to equal command. The fleet encounters the Santa Maria, a Portuguese vessel. Upon its capture, Drake induces the cooperation of its captain and navigator, Nuno da Silva, who has an extensive knowledge of the coastline of Brazil. Hostilities escalate when Drake reprimands one of Doughty\'s officers for stealing from a Portuguese prisoner. Doughty is given command of the prize ship. Drake\'s ship, the Pelican, immediately falls victim to a number of misfortunes including a lack of wind and an outbreak of scurvy. Doughty\'s ship is nowhere to be found. Drake becomes increasingly paranoid, attributing the misfortunes to Doughty\'s betrayal and his interest in the occult. Upon the reunion of the ships, Doughty continues to agitate for what he perceives is his due: co-equal status in directing the fleet. He has a final confrontation with Drake, who strikes him and has him bound to the mast of the Pelican. The film climaxes at the scene of Doughty\'s execution at San Julian. Drake brings Doughty to trial, accusing him of mutiny and witchcraft. Encouraged by his nephew, Drake induces the ship\'s carpenter, Ned Bright, to perjure himself in order to assure the conviction. Drake manipulates the men into sentencing Doughty to death. The chaplain, Francis Fletcher, tries to persuade Doughty to confess his sins, but the gentleman protests his innocence until the end. He takes communion with Drake and goes resolutely to his death. Drake then makes a speech promising the men wealth beyond their wildest dreams, but the gentlemen adventurers and the mariners must settle their differences. He changes the name of the Pelican to the Golden Hind, in hopes of placating Sir Christopher Hatton, Doughty\'s former employer.  Drake\'s successful exploits of plunder and subsequent return to England are covered almost incidentally. One disturbing scene involves the abandonment of the navigator Nuno da Silva on the shores of Mexico. Drake knows that da Silva will certainly fall into the hands of the Spanish Inquisition, yet is unwilling for a Portuguese national to see the Straits of Anian. The treatment of da Silva is extremely upsetting to the crew, including Drake\'s nephew, who formerly idolized his uncle. Drake cannot find Anian, and so returns home the long way, by going completely around the globe. After hearing Drake\'s story, Elizabeth, clearly interested in the riches which Drake has won, grants him her full protection from Doughty\'s friends and from the Spanish king, who has demanded his execution. She cynically informs him that if he had not succeeded, he would be as good as dead for the execution of Doughty. The film ends with Drake\'s knighthood, a triumph that seems oddly hollow due to the strained reaction shots of some of the surviving characters including Drake\'s nephew and the preacher, Francis Fletcher.'] ['Moses\'s mother, Jochebed, saves her baby from the edict of the Pharaoh that all newborn male Hebrew children must die by placing him in a basket on the Nile River. He is found by the Pharaoh\'s daughter Bithia and adopted into the royal house. Some time later, Bithia gives birth to a son Menerith, and they are raised as brothers. Moses grows up knowing that he is not the blood brother of Menerith, but is shown his true heritage  at about the age of 10: he is re-introduced to Jochebed, his father Amram, his brother Aaron, and his sister Miriam. Some years later, Moses saves the honor of a Hebrew woman by killing an Egyptian. When the body is discovered, Pharaoh orders Moses\' arrest, but he is able to escape with the aid of Menerith. After traveling days through the desert, he saves the seven daughters of Jethro from attackers. In gratitude, Moses is given the choice of one of them to take for his wife. After refusing, he is convinced by Zipporah to marry her. Moses, wanting to know why he allows the Hebrews to be enslaved, climbs Mount Horeb and is confronted by God in the form of a bush that burns but is not consumed. God tells Moses that "I am who I am" and endows Moses with the knowledge to free the Hebrews. Because Pharaoh Ramesses refuses to free the slaves, Egypt is struck with ten plagues. Only after the final one, during which his beloved son dies, are the slaves freed. However, Pharaoh decides to try to re-capture them. The former slaves are guided to the Red Sea by a cloud. When the Egyptians\' chariots get near, God blocks their path and Moses parts the Red Sea, providing the Hebrews an escape route. When the Hebrews make it to the other side, Moses closes the separated waters, drowning the pursuing Egyptians &mdash; including Menerith. Moses climbs the mountain to receive God\'s commandments in the form of two stone tablets. However, when he climbs down, he finds that many of the Hebrews have made a golden calf to worship. Moses destroys them and orders the deaths of the lawbreakers. The survivors plead to receive God\'s commandments and Moses climbs up the mountain again. After Moses reads the commandments, the tablets are placed in an ark. The film ends with Moses looking at the promised land, but he is not allowed to enter because he disobeyed God.'] ["The confusing and conspiratorial 15th ruler of Korea's Joseon Dynasty King Gwang-hae  orders his councilor, Heo Gyun , to find him a double in order to avoid the constant threat of assassination. Heo Gyun finds Ha-sun, a lowly acrobat and bawdy joker who looks remarkably like the king, and just as feared, Gwang-hae is poisoned. Heo Gyun proposes Ha-sun fill the role as the king until Gwang-hae recovers fully and grooms Ha-sun to look and act every bit the king. While assuming the role of the king at his first official appearance, Ha-sun begins to ponder the intricacies of the problems debated in his court. Being fundamentally more humanitarian than Gwang-hae, Ha-sun’s affection and appreciation of even the most minor servants slowly changes morale in the palace for the better. Over time he finds his voice and takes control of governing the country with real insight and fair judgments. Even Heo Gyun is moved by Ha-sun’s genuine concern for the people, and realizes he is an infinitely better ruler than Gwang-hae. However, his chief opposition, Park Chung-seo , notices the sudden shift in the king’s behavior and starts to ask questions. The queen  is also conflicted between the real king and the fake king’s secret.{{cite news}}"] ['The movie begins in the summer of 1755, with a terrible attack on Drapers Meadow by the Shawnee Indian Warriors. Many people were killed in the attack, including Mary Draper Ingles’ sister in law, and her mother’s babies whose heads were bashed against the side of a house. Mary, her two boys, and her sister in law were taken captive by the Shawnee on a long journey west to Ohio Country. Mary tried to remember important landmarks along the way in case they had a chance to escape. She tied knots in her pocket each day to keep track of how long they were gone. By the end of the second day of their journey, they reached the point where Indian Creek flows into the New River. The Shawnee had two canoes filled with rocks and leaves to hide them, which they cleaned out and used to carry captives and stolen food. The Shawnee swam with the horses. That night they camped west of the New River. At this time Will and John, Mary’s husband and brother, were setting out to rescue the captives. Mary was pregnant during the time of the trip so she had to stop and give birth alongside the river. After, they continued their trip over Flat Top Mountain and along Paint Creek. The next stop they made was at a salt spring at Canal River to make salt. When they reached the Shawnee town which was by the Ohio and Scioto River, the warriors were welcomed home. There was a big celebration that lasted late into the night. The next morning all the captives except Mary were forced to run the gauntlet by the Shawnee. After the gauntlet, things got worse for the captives. Mary’s two boys and her sister in law were taken away. Mary had to give her baby to a caretaker named Sauwaseekau, so that she could work making shirts for the Shawnee. She was an excellent seamstress and was paid well. When Mary asked how much it would cost to get freedom for her children, she was told that her and her children were to become Shawnee. The Shawnee started sending Mary and an Old Dutch woman out on daily trips to look for berries. Because they were alone, Mary started thinking they could escape. In preparation, they stole a little extra food each day before the trip. Mary left her baby with Sauwaseekau because she knew the baby could not survive the long journey home. Mary and the old Dutch woman set out on the trip, knowing they could not return to the Shawnee or they would be facing death. Mary and the old Dutch woman navigated themselves by the rivers. Neither of them could swim, so they had to go around the rivers making their trip even longer. After a while, hunger took toll on them, and the old Dutch woman tried to eat Mary. Mary escaped from her and found a canoe buried under leaves alongside the river. She used it to cross the river and keep distance between her and the old Dutch woman. They continued on their journey and from time to time saw each other traveling on the other side of the river and encouraged each other to keep going. After 43 days and 800 miles, Mary had arrived home to her husband, brother, and friends.'] ['In 1945, news of the Surrender of Japan was received with wide skepticism by most Japanese immigrants in Brazil, who assumed it be mere Allied propaganda. Those who did accept the truth are seen as traitors, "dirty hearts", who dishonor the emperor; patriotic-turned-terrorist organization Shindo Renmei takes in their own hands the duty of killing said traitors. The movie is told from the point of view of the wife of a Shindo Renmei member, who can\'t help but witness her husband lose himself in fanaticism and bloodshed.'] ['Set in 17th-century Assam, the film recounts the sacrifice of Joymati, a medieval Ahom princess who was tortured and killed by the evil Borphukan for refusing to betray her husband. The event is interpreted in contemporary patriotic terms and calls for a greater harmony between the people of the hills and the plains. The hills are represented by the leader Dalimi, a Naga tribeswoman who shelters the fugitive Prince Gadapani.'] ["In June of 1939, King George VI and his wife, the Queen Consort Elizabeth  made a visit to President Franklin D. Roosevelt's country estate in Hyde Park, New York. At the same time, the President was growing closer to his distant cousin and eventual mistress, Margaret Suckley. No British monarch had ever visited the U.S. before, and Roosevelt hoped to bolster American support for the United Kingdom on the eve of World War II, which broke out less than three months later."] ['In 1846, in Lower Manhattan\'s Five Points, a territorial war between the "Natives"  and recently arrived Irish Catholic immigrants, is coming to a head in Paradise Square. The Natives are led by "Bill the Butcher" Cutting , a Protestant nativist. The leader of the Irish gang, the Dead Rabbits, is known as "Priest" Vallon . The gangs meet in a bloody battle, concluding when Bill kills Vallon, which Vallon\'s son Amsterdam  witnesses. Cutting declares the Dead Rabbits outlawed and orders Vallon\'s body be buried with honor. Amsterdam seizes the knife used to kill his father, races off, and buries it. He is found and taken to the orphanage at Hellgate. In September 1862, Amsterdam  returns to New York. Arriving in Five Points, he reunites with an old friend, Johnny Sirocco , who introduces Amsterdam to Bill the Butcher. Amsterdam finds many of his father\'s old loyalists are now under Bill\'s control, including Happy Jack Mulraney , a corrupt city constable, and McGloin , now one of Bill\'s lieutenants. Amsterdam works his way into Bill\'s inner circle, and learns that each year, on the anniversary of the Five Points battle , Bill leads the city in saluting the victory over the Dead Rabbits. He makes plans to kill Bill during this ceremony, in order to exact public revenge. Amsterdam meets Jenny Everdeane , a very successful and discreet pickpocket and grifter, to whom he is attracted. His interest is dampened when he discovers she was once Bill\'s ward and still enjoys Bill\'s affections. Amsterdam becomes involved in the semi-criminal empire of Boss Tweed , the leader of Tammany Hall. During a performance of Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, Amsterdam thwarts an assassination attempt that leaves Bill wounded. Amsterdam realizes he acted more out of honest devotion to Bill than from his own plan of revenge. Both retire to a brothel, where Jenny nurses Bill. Amsterdam confronts Jenny over Bill, and they have an argument that dissolves into lovemaking. Late that night, Amsterdam wakes to find Bill sitting by his bed in a rocking chair, draped in a tattered American flag. Bill says "Priest" Vallon was the last enemy he ever fought who was worthy of real respect, and "Priest" once beat Bill soundly and then let him live in shame rather than kill him. Bill credits the incident with giving him strength of will and character to return and fight for his own authority. Bill admits he has come to look upon Amsterdam as the son he never had. The evening of the ceremony arrives. Johnny reveals Amsterdam\'s identity and his plot to kill Bill. During a knife-throwing act involving Jenny, Bill baits Amsterdam when he throws the knife to leave a superficial cut on her throat. Amsterdam throws a knife at Bill, which Bill deflects, and counters with a knife throw of his own, hitting Amsterdam in the abdomen. Bill then repeatedly beats him as the crowd cheers. Bill proclaims he will let Amsterdam live as "[a] freak, worthy of Barnum\'s museum of wonders". Afterwards, in hiding, Jenny nurses Amsterdam back to health, and implores him to leave New York. They are visited by "Monk" McGinn , who was a mercenary for Vallon in the battle of the Five Points. He gives Amsterdam a straight razor that belonged to Vallon. Amsterdam places a dead rabbit on a fence in Paradise Square. The rabbit finds its way to Bill, who sends Happy Jack to find out who sent the message. Amsterdam ambushes Jack in the catacombs, strangles him, and hangs his body in Paradise Square. In retaliation, Bill has Johnny beaten nearly to death and run through with an iron pike. When McGloin goes to pray at a Catholic church, and sees Amsterdam\'s friend, Jimmy Spoils , he objects to letting a "nigger" in the church. Amsterdam and his friends respond by beating McGloin. The Nativists march to the Catholic Church, where the Irish stand on the steps in defense. Bill promises to return when they are ready. "Boss" Tweed approaches Amsterdam with a plan to defeat Bill: Tweed will back the candidacy of "Monk" McGinn for sheriff in return for the Irish vote. On election day, Bill and Amsterdam force people to the polls, some of them several times, with the result that "Monk" wins by more votes than there are voters. Bill confronts "Monk", who does not respond to Bill\'s challenge, suggesting they discuss the matter democratically. Bill then throws a meat cleaver into "Monk\'s" back and kills him with his own shillelagh. During "Monk\'s" funeral, Amsterdam issues a traditional challenge to fight, which Bill accepts. The New York City draft riots break out, and many upper-class citizens and African-Americans are attacked by the rioters. Union soldiers enter the city to put down the riots. As the gangs meet, they are hit by shells from naval ships in the harbor firing directly into Paradise Square. Many are killed, and an enormous cloud of dust and debris covers the area. Union soldiers then fire into the square, killing numerous people, including McGloin. Amsterdam and Bill exchange blows in the haze, then are thrown to the ground by another shell blast. When the smoke clears, Bill discovers he has been hit by a piece of shrapnel. He declares, "Thank God, I die a true American.". Amsterdam stabs him, and Bill dies with his hand locked in Amsterdam\'s. Bill is buried in Brooklyn, in view of the smoke-filled Manhattan skyline, next to the grave of "Priest" Vallon. Amsterdam narrates New York would be rebuilt, but they are no longer remembered, as if "we were never here". The scene then shifts, as modern New York City is built, from the Brooklyn Bridge to the Empire State Building to the World Trade Center, and the graves of Bill and "Priest" gradually deteriorate.'] ["In the wake of Abraham Lincoln's assassination, eight people are arrested and charged with conspiring to kill the President, Vice President, and Secretary of State. The lone woman charged, Mary Surratt  owns a boarding house where John Wilkes Booth  and others met and planned the simultaneous attacks. Against the ominous back-drop of post-Civil War Washington, newly-minted lawyer Frederick Aiken , a 27-year-old Union war hero, reluctantly agrees to defend Surratt before a military tribunal. Aiken is at first very reluctant to take the case and believes his client is guilty. However, he uncovers evidence casting doubt on the allegations and conducts a spirited defense. He realizes his client is being used as bait and a hostage in order to capture the only conspirator to have escaped a massive manhunt, her own son, John Surratt . As the nation turns against her, Surratt is forced to rely on Aiken to uncover the truth and save her life."] ['In 1809, Sir Arthur Wellesley , the commander of the British army fighting the French in Portugal, is saved from three pursuing French cavalrymen by Sergeant Richard Sharpe . Wellesley rewards Sharpe with a field promotion to lieutenant and command of the "chosen men", a handful of sharpshooters previously led by Rifleman Patrick Harper . The two men take an instant dislike to each other. Wellesley has no money to pay his men; however, he has arranged for a loan from the Rothschild family. James Rothschild has set out from Vienna with a badly needed bank draft, but is overdue. Sharpe, his men, and a company under Major Dunnett  are sent out to search for him. While Sharpe and his men are out scouting the terrain, the company is surprised and wiped out by enemy cavalry led by Colonel de L\'Eclin  and a mysterious man in black civilian clothes , with only Perkins and a gravely wounded Captain Murray as survivors. The band took refuge in a small cottage and Captain Murray succumbed to his wounds. Harper tells Sharpe that the men have decided that they want to go back; he and Sharpe end up fighting and are taken unawares by a band of Spanish guerrillas led by Commandante Teresa Moreno  and Major Blas Vivar . Sharpe declares Harper a mutineer and joins forces with the Spanish guerrillas for mutual protection, since they are headed in the same general direction. Sharpe begins to bond with his men and also with Teresa. The guerrillas are protecting a chest and when Harper kills two French cavalrymen to protect it, Sharpe frees him and drops the mutiny charge. Along the way, they encounter the Parkers, a Methodist missionary couple and their niece, whom they take under their protection. Major Hogan, Wellesley\'s chief of military intelligence, shows up and orders Sharpe to assist Vivar with his mission to rouse the people. The Spaniard has brought a thousand-year-old family heirloom with him - the Gonfalon of Santiago or "Banner of Blood". Legend has it that Santiago  himself will appear to defend Spain when the flag is raised over the chapel in the town of Torrecastro. Sharpe, Teresa, Vivar and their men attack and defeat the French garrison. Vivar crosses swords with the man in black, who turns out to be his own brother, the Count of Matamoros, and kills him. He then raises the flag. At the end of the battle, Colonel de L\'Eclin is about to shoot an unarmed Sharpe, but is shot and killed by Rifleman Perkins. Sharpe rewards the young Perkins by making him a "chosen man". Sharpe reports back to Wellesley. When the general expresses his disappointment that Sharpe did not find Rothschild, Sharpe reveals that "Mrs. Parker" is the banker in disguise, to Wellesley\'s delight. Afterwards, Sharpe and Teresa make love, before she leaves to continue fighting the French.'] ['In colonial Australia, James Morrison is a young teamster who has two friends, Long and Short. He is betrothed to Jane Judd when he visits Sydney and meets fiery Irish girl Biddy O\'Shea, who is just off the "wife ship" - a boatload of women from an Irish orphanage bought out to Australia. James is attracted to Biddy and promises to marry her. James returns to Bathurst to break the news to Jane, but his mother dies and makes James promise to marry her daughter. He feels obliged to honour his old commitment to Jane. Biddy hears of the news and marries an ex-convict, James Parry, who she does not love. They start a farm and have a baby son together, Jack. James later comes across a homestead being attacked by aboriginals and discovers Biddy mortally wounded, and her husband dead - but her baby is still alive. James raises the baby as his own. Frank Parry grows up as brother with Tom, the son of James and Jane. In the 1930s Frank Morrison battles to save his outback station. He falls in love with Biddy Parry.'] ["Alain Oulman was born in Lisbon in 1928 within a conservative family. He was passionate about books, music and Amália Rodrigues, with whom he worked very closely. Pursued by António de Oliveira Salazar's regime and later exiled in France, where he was en charge of the publishing house Calmann-Lévy."] ["Lee Seong-gye is an ordinary man, the second son of Lee Ja-chun, who passes a state military examination in his early age and becomes a general who defeats his enemies and become Chief. Seong-rye takes power against King Gongyang who is responsible for the death of his father and older brother. He leads his army and defeats Gongyang's soldiers. Seong-gye becomes King and is renamed as Taejo of Joseon."] ['Sabina Spielrein arrives at the Burghölzli, the preeminent psychiatric hospital in Zurich, with a typical case of hysteria and begins a new course of treatment with the young Swiss doctor, Carl Jung. He is using word association and dream interpretation as part of his approach to Freud\'s radical new science of psychoanalysis, and finds that Fraulein Spielrein\'s condition was triggered by the humiliation and sexual arousal she felt as a child due to her short-tempered father\'s habit of spanking her naked. These conflicting feelings were compounded by her instinctive knowledge  that she had done nothing to deserve such a punishment and in fact that she may have been a stand-in for her mother in her father\'s abuse . Also, her affluent Russian Jewish family afforded her an exceptional education in preparation for university study, although not on the subject of sex, and she was a virgin. Her intelligence and energy were immediately recognized and encouraged by Jung and Eugen Bleuler, the head of the hospital, and since she plans to study medicine they allow her to assist them in their experiments, including measuring the physical reactions of subjects during word association, to provide empirical data as a scientific basis for psychoanalysis and ameliorate the more sensational aspects of Freud\'s theories, which contend that all mental illness is rooted in childhood sexual experience, be it real or fantasy. She soon learns that much of this new science is founded on the doctors\' observations of themselves, each other, and their families, not just their patients. The doctors correspond at length before they meet, and begin sharing their dreams and analysing each other, and Freud adopts Jung as his heir and agent. Jung finds in Sabina a kindred spirit with a unique perspective as her self-awareness sharpens, and their attraction deepens in what was already well known at the time as transference. Jung\'s resistance to the idea of infidelity, and breaking the taboo of sex with a patient, is undercut by the wild and unrepentant confidences of another brilliant, philandering, unstable psychoanalyst who comes under his care, Otto Gross. He decries monogamy in general and suggests that resistance to transference is symptomatic of the repression of normal, healthy sexual impulses, exhorting Jung to indulge himself with abandon. Jung finally begins their affair, which in the film includes rudimentary bondage and spanking Sabina at times. Things become even more tangled as he becomes her advisor to her dissertation; he publishes not only his studies of her as a patient but eventually her treatise as well. Her original ideas are rooted not only in her insights into her childhood trauma, but the intensity and conflicts in their relationship. Spielrein\'s thesis suggests that truly heroic, original creations can only emerge from the crucible of great conflict, such as the attraction of opposites and the breaking of taboos, and thus the instinct for creation is inextricably tied to a drive to destruction, and that these feelings and ideas are not restricted to sexual expression despite their roots in the biological drive to reproduce. This includes, finally, his refusal to give her a love child, which is the story behind the reference to Wagner\'s Der Ring des Nibelungen operas: they see themselves in the legend of Siegfried, the archetypal Teutonic hero born from a forbidden union. After his attempt to confine their relationship again to doctor and patient, she appeals to Freud for his professional help, and forces Jung to tell Freud the truth about their relationship, reminding him that she could have publicly damaged him but did not want to. Freud uses his knowledge of the relationship to bully Jung, who is planning to publish new theories quite different from Freud\'s. Jung is working on Psychology of the Unconscious, and his emerging theories of symbolism, archetypes and transformation are heavily influenced by the theme of Sabina\'s dissertation and their discussion of the Siegfried mythology but he does not cite her in publication, acknowledging her only in private, and Freud does the same, despite the fact that he welcomed her defection from Jung\'s sphere of influence. Jung throws off his mantle as Freud\'s "son and heir", and their friendship ends. Shortly after Freud dismisses the new ideas expressed by Spielrein in the local meeting of the new psychoanalytic society in Vienna, she marries another Russian physician, and leaves both men behind her. Sabina Spielrein, by then a successful child psychologist and already a widow, was killed with her children by the Nazis during World War II.'] ['The prelude is set on Eddington\'s expedition to observe the solar eclipse in 1919, before moving back in time to 1914. At the outbreak of the First World War Eddington is appointed chief astronomer at Cambridge by Sir Oliver Lodge and instructed to research Einstein\'s work and defend the Newtonian status quo, whilst Einstein is tempted back from Zurich to the Prussian Academy of SciencesToday incorporated as the Berlin-Brandenburg Academy of Sciences and Humanities. in Berlin in an attempt to aid the war effort by embarrassing Britain in disproving the work of its great scientist Isaac Newton. In Berlin, with his marriage already under tension, Einstein falls in love with his cousin Elsa.Moffat takes some artistic licence in showing this as a wartime romance, since the relationship actually began before the war, in 1912. — {{Harvnb}} A Quaker and therefore unable to go to war, Eddington also says farewell to his friend William Marston as the latter goes off to war as an officer in the Cambridgeshire Regiment, but just misses William\'s train as he goes to say goodbye to him before he departs. (There is some artistic licence here. Unless Marston were a regular or reserve officer, he would have undergone at least six months\' training  He then presents his lecture to his fellow astronomers at the university — defending Newton but still thinking Einstein might be right — and takes the German Müller family into his home after saving them from a violent anti-German mob. When Einstein\'s wife arrives in Berlin, she discovers Einstein\'s affair and leaves him, whilst Eddington faces down protesters who despise his status as a conscientious objector. Einstein arrives late at a demonstration of Fritz Haber\'s poison gas and is so disgusted by this application of science to murder that he rejects an offer to convert his citizenship back from Swiss to German and refuses to sign a "Manifesto to the Civilized World", a list of prominent German scientists, artists and academics supporting the war. Eddington finds his research into Einstein obstructed by a British ban on the circulation of German scientific literature. Realising that Mercury\'s orbit is precessing slightly less than it should be according to Newton\'s laws, he writes to Einstein despite the ban to inquire into his view on the problem. Einstein\'s relationship with Elsa deepens and on receiving Eddington\'s letter he starts work on this new avenue with Max Planck, whilst consoling colleague Planck on the loss of his son in the war despite Einstein\'s lack of belief in a human-like God or an afterlife. They find that Einstein\'s work agrees with Mercury\'s orbit where Newton\'s does not, and send this reply back to Eddington. At the same time Eddington receives news and grieves for the death of Marston among the 15,000 killed by German use of chlorine gas at the Second Battle of Ypres, causing doubts in his faith but leading him to fight all the more loudly against an expulsion of German scientists from the Royal Society. The expulsion has been initiated by Lodge, whose son was also among the killed and who clings to Newton as a consolation of "order in the universe", but Eddington is unable to admit to Lodge that he too is grieving for a loved one lost. News of the gas attack also leads Einstein to an outburst against his fellow scientists, which leads to his being cut off from the university, and — overworking — he falls sick and Elsa leaves him. Even so, he manages to complete his work on general relativity and on space being shaped by the presence of mass and gets this result through to Eddington via Planck. Eddington realises he can prove that space and light is being bent by observing the solar eclipse of 29 May 1919 on the west African island of Principe and with Dyson as an ally manages to gain funding for his expedition, despite Lodge\'s initial opposition. As the end of the war comes, Eddington\'s sister and housekeeper Winifred sets off to help the Quaker relief effort in war-shattered Germany despite her fears as to Eddington\'s waning faith. The action returns to the Principe expedition,Although not shown, photos of the solar eclipse from Sobral, Ceará in northern Brazil as well as from Príncipe island were taken for evidence in Eddington\'s support of Einstein\'s theory and his predictions on gravitational lensing, although Eddington himself only led the latter of the two expeditions, as represented in the film. prevented by bad weather until the very last moment, while Einstein briefly returns to his ex-wife and children. Bringing back two photographs from the eclipse to compare to photographs of the night sky in normal conditions, Eddington compares them in public with Lodge and Winifred in attendance and not only proves Einstein right but also finds this confirmation reaffirming his faith — as he states, "I can hear God, thinking". News of his vindication reaches Einstein, and crowds of press arrive at his door just as Elsa returns to him.Einstein is shown to stick his tongue out to the cameras of the journalists in this scene, but the actual iconic image was taken on his 72nd birthday in 1951, after he had emigrated to America. A year later, in the closing scene, Einstein visits Cambridge and meets Eddington, and closing credits remark on both scientists\' later work, Einstein\'s celebrity and Eddington\'s obscurity.'] ['In the 1930s in Mongolia, a former villager returns as a government informer, and is determined to use his authority to crush a village in order to take by force what he cannot win by love: a young woman who is engaged to another man.'] ['In 1936, Jack McGurn  is a motion picture projectionist, involved in a campaign of harassment against non-union theaters in New York City. One such attack turns fatal, as one of his fellow union thugs starts a fire. McGurn\'s boss, knowing that the feelings of guilt would likely cause Jack to go to the police, urges him to leave the area. Jack moves to Los Angeles where his brother Gerry lives. Jack\'s role as a "sweatshop lawyer" strains an already-rocky relationship with Gerry who is willing to have any job, barely keeping his family afloat during the Great Depression. Taking the name McGann, Jack finds a job as a projectionist  in a movie theater run by a Japanese-American family. He falls in love with Lily , his Japanese boss\' daughter. Forbidden to see one another by her Issei parents and banned from marrying by California law, the couple elopes to Seattle, where they marry and have a daughter, Mini. When World War II breaks out, Lily and their daughter are caught up in the Japanese-American internment, rounded up and sent to Manzanar. Jack, away on a trip, is drafted into the United States Army with no chance to help his family prepare for their imprisonment. Finally visiting the camp, he arranges a private meeting with his wife\'s father, telling him that he has gone AWOL and wants to stay with them, whatever they have to go through. They are his family now and he belongs with them. The older man counsels him to return to the Army, and says that he now believes that Jack is truly in love with his wife, and a worthy husband. Returning, ready to face his punishment for desertion, he is met by FBI agents, who have identified "McGann" as being the McGurn wanted for his part in the arson of years before. The story is told in flashback as Lily tells the now pre-adolescent Mini  about the father and the life that she barely remembers, as the two of them are walking to a rural train station. The train arrives and they reunite with Jack, who has served his time in prison and finally is returning to his family.'] ['The Lion in Winter is set during Christmas 1183, at King Henry II\'s château and primary residence in Chinon, Anjou, within the Angevin Empire of medieval France. Henry wants his youngest son Prince John  to inherit his throne, while his estranged wife Queen Eleanor of Aquitaine  favours their oldest surviving son Prince Richard the Lionheart  as heir. Meanwhile, King Philip II of France, the son and successor of Louis VII of France, Eleanor\'s ex-husband, has given his half-sister Alais, who is currently Henry\'s mistress, to the future heir, and demands either a wedding or the return of her dowry.  As a ruse, Henry agrees to give Alais to Richard and make him heir-apparent. He makes a side deal with Eleanor for her freedom in return for Aquitaine, to be given to John. When the deal is revealed at the wedding, Richard refuses to go through with the ceremony. Having believed Henry\'s intentions, John, at the direction of middle brother Prince Geoffrey, Duke of Brittany , plots with Philip to make war on England. Henry and Phillip meet to discuss terms, but Henry soon learns that Phillip has been plotting with John and Geoffrey, and that he and Richard were once lovers. Henry dismisses all three sons as unsuitable, and locks them in the dungeon. He makes plans to travel to Rome for an annulment, so that he can have new sons with Alais, but she says he will never be able to release his sons from prison or they will be a threat to his future children. Henry sees that she is right and condemns them to death, but cannot bring himself to kill them, instead letting them escape. He and Eleanor go back to hoping for the future, with Eleanor going back on the barge to prison, laughing it off with Henry before she leaves. Although the background and the eventual destinies of the characters are historically accurate, The Lion in Winter is fictional; none of the dialogue or action is historical. Although there was a Christmas court at Caen in 1182, there was no Christmas Court at Chinon in 1183. In reality, Henry had many mistresses and many illegitimate children; the "Rosamund" mentioned in the film was his mistress until she died. The article on the Revolt of 1173–1174 describes the historical events leading to the play\'s events. As a matter of historical record, Richard the Lionheart succeeded Henry II, and was followed by John.'] ['The son of a wealthy Bristol shipping magnate marries a Chinese noblewoman, but she soon becomes aware that he is in fact in love with another woman.'] ["Man-seok is an executioner from the most discriminated butcher caste. One day he receives a request from a yangban family that one of their condemned be executed without his head being cut off. Man-seok does as instructed, but when his payment is delivered by Sug-young, the daughter of the executed, he rapes her, motivated by his deep resentment against the ruling elite. Later, she is arrested and sold into slavery. Feeling guilty, Man-seok buys her freedom, and the two eventually fall in love and settle down to a peaceful married life. However, their happiness is threatened when they are involved in a conspiracy against the enemies of Sug-young's family."] ['The film, occasionally narrated by Joke Silva, tells the reformation story of British slave trader John Newton , sailing to what is now Nigeria to buy slaves but, increasingly shocked by the brutality of slavery, later gave up the trade and became an Anglican priest.{{cite news}}{{cite news}}'] ['The film focusses on the life of Jeannie, a woman from the upper classes of society, and her story of adapting to life in the outback of Australia. Following her marriage to Aeneas Gunn who has just bought a 1 million acre cattle station near Mataranka, called Elsey Station, Jeannie follows him from Melbourne in 1902. Some of the drovers were unhappy at first because they believed that the bush is no place for a white woman. As such, they were both wary of her and made fun of her when both her and her husband arrived. However, Jeannie was determined to prove them wrong. While her husband was away with the other men herding the cattle, Jeannie begins making friends with the Aboriginal people. Her husband and the other white men treated the local people  as inferior to them, often regarding them as lazy, indifferent, and unreliable. Jeannie however is sympathetic, often giving them food, or trying to stop domestic disputes. Later, Aeneas goes on a cattle muster, and asks Jeannie to come along, which she does gladly. However the trip is difficult for her, riding side-saddle, and she is nearly attacked by a rogue bull. However, as time passes, things improve at the station - the house is expanded, a new Chinese cook arrives, a garden is planted, and her belongings finally arrive from Melbourne. But boredom sets in as she assumes her place - that of the station master\'s wife. She is asked not to help a feverish yet dying man, or to interfere with the balance of things, or to give the Aboriginal people goods meant for the working men. As a result, she spends more time with the locals, since she longs to learn and understand more about their ways. Jeannie even takes a semi-orphaned mixed-heritage child called Bett-Bett under her wing, much to the dismay of her husband. Over time Jeannie gains the respect of the Aboriginal people and they slowly open up to her. At one point, Goggle Eye, an elder Aboriginal male, allows her to watch an Aboriginal dance. The stockmen however interrupt the "heathen" dance, shooting and shouting "God save King George". Later, Bett-Bett goes on walkabout, and Goggle Eye becomes ill and feverish, believing that he has been affected by a singing curse, and passes away. The stockmen feel some mixed remorse, acknowledging their role in his death. Soon it is Christmas and the Aboriginal people are treated a little better after what happened. In the spirit of Christmas, many of the provisions are given away, and a large traditional Christmas meal is prepared for the westerners. It is here that Aeneas announces his intention, after their first year, to stay on at the station. Just when Jeannie thinks she is accustomed to the life in the harsh outback, Aeneas also becomes feverish and dies, leaving her alone on the station. However, Bett-Bett returns from walkabout, and asks to stay with her in the house.'] ["Saraswati Sabatham tells the story of a dispute between three goddesses over which has the best power. Narada , a sage and celestial troublemaker, begins the fight by visiting Saraswati ([[Savitri , the Goddess of knowledge, and purposely annoys Her by saying that wealth is more important and abundant. Saraswati angrily said that She will prove that Her power, knowledge is more important. Narada then goes to Vaikuntha to see Lakshmi , the Goddess of wealth, and also annoys Her by saying that education is more abundant and is the best. Lakshmi also retorted that She will prove that Her power of wealth is more important. Narada finally goes to Mount Kailas, seeking Parvati([[Padmini , the goddess of power and strength and annoys Her too, saying that wealth and knowledge is more important. Parvati too stressed that She will prove that Her power of strength is more important. The three Goddesses, having turned against each other, each decide to choose someone on earth and bless them powers so that each of them can prove their power and make the other two Goddesses lose. Saraswati blesses a mute person, Vidyapati , to speak and gives him all the knowledge in the world. There is a place where a Maharaja rules but he has no children. He is dying so his minister sends the royal elephant into the streets with a garland. The person whose neck the elephant puts the garland on will be the next Maharani or Maharaja. Lakshmi controls the royal elephant and makes it give the garland to a beggar girl . Now the beggar girl is a very wealthy Maharani and lives in a palace. There is someone who has been a coward his whole life , whom Parvati blesses to become very strong. Coincidentally the three people chosen by the Goddesses belong to the same country. The three humans fight and the three Goddesses fight to make each other lose, causing a chaos in the country. In the midst of them, a married couple (Nagesh and [[Manorama  who work in the prison security and as the queen's attendant respectively, also dispute with each other, providing comic relief. In the end the Trinity of Gods, Lord Shiva, Lord Vishnu , and Lord Brahma settles the dispute by explaining the importance of knowledge, wealth, and strength combined, and how dangerous it is if each power goes separately. Finally, the three Goddesses reconcile and the three blessed by them along with the common people unite and realise that knowledge, wealth and strength are all equally important in many ways. The three Goddesses blesses the country and Sage Narada, thanking him for making the world understand the unity of knowledge, wealth and strength and for uniting them also, marking the end of the film."] ['The film opens with a carnival in Venice as a prelude to a series of erotic encounters that follow Giacomo Casanova through the cities of 18th century Europe. It is during this festival that a gigantic bust fails to rise from the water, which is taken as a bad omen. Casanova is then introduced as he defiles a fake nun for the pleasure of a rich voyeur; Casanova succeeds in entertaining him, but he is frustrated that the man finds no interest in his alchemical research and further scheming. As he rows back to mainland, Casanova is arrested, judged and imprisoned by the High Court over his famed debauchery. During his time in prison, Casanova reminisces of his affair with a seamstress and later on one of her servants, Anna Maria, who is bound by frequent fainting and requires constant bloodletting. He eventually consummates his desire to be with Anna Maria. Back in prison, Casanova escapes through the rooftops and exiles himself from Venice, being taken into the Paris court of the Madame d\'Urfé. The Madame, an aged woman, enthralled by Casanova\'s apparent knowledge of alchemy, wishes to transform her soul into a man\'s through ritualistic intercourse with him . Casanova then moves to the court of a hunchback, Du Bois, in between taking charge of a beautiful girl—"the love of [his] life"—Henriette. Du Bois puts on a homosexual performance for his guests that unsettles some of his guests and Casanova is brought to tears as Henriette plays some music. The lovers vow fidelity to each other, but the following morning Henriette has disappeared. Du Bois informs Casanova that an emissary of a far-away court has reclaimed Henriette, and she\'s left her bidding that Casanova not attempt following her. While in London, an aged Casanova is robbed by two women and he attempts suicide by drowning himself in the Thames. A vision of a giantess and two dwarves detracts him, and follows them to a Frost fair, where he arm-wrestles the giantess—a princess—and later pays to watch her bathe with the dwarves. Casanova resumes his travelling the following day. He frequents a deranged party at Lord Talou\'s in Rome, where he wins a bet with a stagecoach driver, Righetto, over how many orgasms he can have in one hour. The competition brings him higher acclaim. In Germany he falls in love with an alchemist\'s daughter, Isabella, who fails to keep up with an appointment to go to Dresden with him; Casanova instead partakes in an orgy within the hostel he\'s been stranded. He has a brief, chance encounter with his enstranged mother in a theater. He then moves to a court in Württemberg, where his desire to be taken seriously as a writer/inventor are frustrated by the court\'s orgiastic, wild nature. It is here that he meets Rosalba, a mechanical doll with whom he shares a dance and later on goes to bed with. Times goes by and an old Casanova finds himself librarian to Count Waldstein at his castle in Dux. Life at the castle is more than frustrating for Casanova, as he is made eat with other servants and does not get the respect nor the food he claims to deserve. Waldstein\'s manservant, Faulkircher, and his lover Vidarol, make him object of mockery and animosity. A portrait of him is hanged and defecated on. Later on, during a fervent poetry recital, a court member fails to suppress a giggle at Casanova, who, humiliated and disappointed, goes back up to his room. The final scene has a weary, bloodshot Casanova cringing in an armchair and recounting a recent dream. In this dream, Casanova is back in Venice. He catches a glimpse of the giant bust seen in the beginning of the film, buried under thick layers of ice in the river. He chases the ghosts of his past lovers, all of whom disappear. An ornate stagecoach beckons him to join its passengers. He finally meets with Rosalba, the mechanical doll, once again. They quietly dance with each other.'] ['In 1864, a American Civil War troop struggles to survive when young Union soldier Jim Rabb  discovers that his mare has given birth to a colt. A superior officer orders Jim to shoot the foal because it may become a burden, but Jim - seeing the colt as a sign of hope and a reminder of the beauty of life - refuses. The colt remains with the men as they battle. When Confederates overtake the camp and steal the colt, Jim must risk his life retrieving it.'] ['Prince Albert, Duke of York , the second son of King George&nbsp;V, stammers through his speech closing the 1925 British Empire Exhibition at Wembley Stadium. The Duke has given up hope of a cure, but his wife Elizabeth  persuades him to see Lionel Logue , an Australian speech therapist in London. During their first session, Logue breaches royal etiquette and insists on calling his patient "Bertie," a name used only within the Duke\'s family. When Albert decides Logue\'s methods and manner are unsuitable, the Australian bets a shilling that the Duke can recite Hamlet\'s "To be, or not to be" soliloquy without trouble while listening to The Marriage of Figaro played out loud on headphones. Logue records his performance on a gramophone record; convinced he has stammered throughout, Albert leaves in a huff, declaring his condition "hopeless" and dismissing Logue. Logue offers him the recording as a keepsake.  After King George&nbsp;V  makes his 1934 Christmas radio address, he explains to Albert the importance of broadcasting to a modern monarchy. He declares that "David" , Albert\'s older brother, will bring ruin to himself, the family, and the country when he accedes to the throne, leaving Chancellor Hitler and Premier Stalin to sort out matters in Europe. King George demands that Albert train himself, starting with a reading of his father\'s speech. He makes an agonising attempt to do so. Later, Albert plays Logue\'s recording and hears himself unhesitatingly reciting Shakespeare. He returns to Logue, but he and his wife insist that Logue stop delving into his private life and merely work on the physical aspects. Logue teaches his patient muscle relaxation and breath control techniques, but continues to gently probe at the psychological roots of the stutter. The Duke eventually reveals some of the pressures of his childhood: his strict father, the repression of his natural left-handedness, painful childhood metal splints to correct his knock-knees, his first nanny, who secretly mistreated him, and the early death of his epileptic younger brother, John. The two men become friends. In January 1936, George&nbsp;V dies, and David ascends the throne as King Edward&nbsp;VIII, but causes a monumental crisis with his determination to marry Mrs Wallis Simpson , an American socialite and twice a divorcée. At Christmas in Balmoral Castle, Albert points out that Edward, as head of the Church of England, cannot marry a divorced woman; Edward accuses his brother of wanting to usurp his place, calling his elocution lessons preparation, and resurrects his childhood taunt of "B-B-B-Bertie".  At his next session, Albert expresses his frustration that his speech has improved while talking to most people—except his own brother. Albert reveals the extent of Edward VIII\'s folly with Mrs Simpson. When Logue insists that Albert could be a good king instead of his brother, the latter labels such a suggestion as treason, mocks Logue\'s failed acting aspirations and humble origins, and dismisses him. When King Edward&nbsp;VIII abdicates to marry Mrs Simpson, Albert becomes King George&nbsp;VI. The new King and Queen visit Logue at his home to apologise, startling Logue\'s wife . During preparations for his coronation in Westminster Abbey, George VI learns that Logue has no formal qualifications. Logue explains that, as an elocution teacher, he was asked to help shell-shocked Australian soldiers returning from the First World War, and thereby found his calling. When George VI remains convinced of his unfitness to be king, Logue sits in King Edward\'s Chair and dismisses the underlying Stone of Scone as a trifle. Goaded by Logue\'s seeming disrespect, the King surprises himself with his own sudden outraged eloquence. Upon the declaration of war with Nazi Germany in September 1939, George&nbsp;VI summons Logue to Buckingham Palace to prepare for his upcoming radio address to millions of listeners in Britain and the Empire. The King is left alone with Logue in the room with the microphone. He delivers his speech competently, as if to Logue alone, who guides him silently throughout. Afterwards, the King and his family step onto the balcony of the palace to be viewed and applauded by the thousands who have gathered. A title card explains that Logue was always present at King George&nbsp;VI\'s speeches during the war, and that they remained friends for the rest of their lives.'] ['The drama primarily focuses on the relationship between assistant manager Jimmy Murphy and the young player Bobby Charlton. The film begins in 1956 as Murphy gives Charlton his first chance to play a match with Manchester United\'s first team, nicknamed the "Busby Babes" due to their unique pedigree as an entirely club-nurtured team of players. Meanwhile, manager Matt Busby persuades Football League administrator Alan Hardaker to allow his team to play in the European Cup with the proviso that they are back in time for each scheduled fixture. The team see success both at home and abroad. However, the terrible events of the 1958 Munich air disaster leave the team with only four surviving players who are able to play. Against the odds, Murphy vows to present a team to play their next home game and, ultimately, the 1958 FA Cup Final.'] ["In 1937, Nanking stands at the forefront of a war between China and Japan. As the invading Japanese Imperial Army overruns China's capital city, desperate civilians seek refuge behind the nominally protective walls of a western cathedral. Here, John Miller , an American mortician on a task to bury the head father of the convent schoolgirls, joined by the group of innocent schoolgirls and fourteen flamboyant prostitutes. After an incident when Japanese forces assault the cathedral , Japanese Colonel Hasegawa  finally promises to protect the convent by placing guards in front of the gate, and requests that the girls sing a choral for him. After the performance, he hands Miller an official invitation for the girls to sing at the Japanese Army's victory celebration. Fearing for their safety , Miller declines. Hasegawa informs him that it is not a request, but an order and that the girls are going to be picked up the next day. Before they leave, the Japanese soldiers count the girls and erroneously include one of the prostitutes , totalling 13. After the girls attempt suicide by threatening to jump off the cathedral tower, the prostitutes, induced by their de facto leader Yu Mo , decide to protect the girls by meeting the Japanese on their behalf. As they are only twelve, the former convent priest's adopted son volunteers as well. Miller initially opposes their self-sacrificing decision, but ultimately assists in disguising them, using his skills as a mortician. The next day, the 13 are led away by the unsuspecting Japanese soldiers. After they have left, Miller hides the convent girls on the truck he repaired. Using a single-person permit Mr. Meng was able to obtain, he drives out of the town. In the last scene, the truck is seen driving on a deserted highway in heading west, away from the advancing Japanese army, towards safety."] ['In the 14th Century half of Eurasia is occupied by the Golden Horde. Europe waits in trepidation for its attack, anticipating the death of the Christian civilization. The Great Khan is killed by his brother Janibeg and their mother Taidula should now pass judgment, to persecute the conspirator or to bless him for the reign. The film tells the story of how Saint Alexius, the Metropolitan of Moscow and Wonderworker of All Russia, healed Taidula from blindness, in 1357.'] ['After her father, the great chieftain Krok  dies, the tribes of the Bohemian forests elect his youngest daughter Libuše  as their new ruler. Together with her two beautiful sisters, the healer Kazi  and the priestess Teta  and an army of women under the command of her best friend, the Amazon Vlasta , Libuše guides her people with the power of her visionary abilities. A seer by nature, she can travel into the Otherworld, the land of the death, from where she returns with predictions of the future and answers for people in need. During her reign Libuse envisions the city of Prague at the Vltava river, starts mining in the rich Bohemian mountains and helps her farmers to fight a deadly plague. She also starts a secret affair with the charismatic ploughman Přemysl . When the peaceful community of farmers is under attack by raiders and split into different parties of power hungry landowners under the guidance of their plotting chieftains Domaslav  and Vrsovec , a popular warrior and blinds Domaslav, Přemysl meets Vlasta in a showdown and kills her. At the same time Libuše gives birth to his son Nezamysl. The film ends with Libuše diving into the river Vltava which symbolizes her becoming a legend.'] ['The film is set in Seoul, 1945, during the final days of Japanese rule. Kanemura is a well-connected con artist who makes money by selling ancient Korean artefacts to wealthy Japanese collectors. His eyes are set on Haruko, a beautiful jazz singer in a downtown nightclub; unbeknownst to anyone, Haruko has been moonlighting as "Haedanghwa" , a maskedcat burglar who has carried out a succession of high profile thefts. She is also pursued by Yamada, a colonel in the Japanese military police, who is jealous of Kanemura’s affections towards her. The owner of the nightclub and his chef, Hee-bong, secretly work for the Korean independence movement. After a twenty year search, the Japanese Chief of State—a high-ranking official in Korea—has recovered the "Light of the East", a {{convert}} diamond and lost treasure from the ancient kingdom of Silla. Receiving orders to send the diamond to Japan, a lavish send-off party is arranged. Kanemura attends the event with Haruko; he plans to steal the diamond, but she has the same idea, and both are surprised to see the other when they get to the safe where it is kept. After a brief struggle, it is Haruko who makes her escape with the diamond, leaving Kanemura to face the authorities. But the nightclub owner and his chef are also at the party, and their bungled assassination attempt on the Chief of State results in a fire, allowing Kanemura to slip away in the confusion. Yamada is given the task of retrieving the diamond, much to the chagrin of Suzimura, the chief of police, who feels that he has jurisdiction. Hasekawa, a police inspector, immediately suspects Haruko, but Yamada won’t hear of it, blinded by his feelings for her. Meanwhile, Kanemura manages to track down Haruko, finding her on a train to Soviet Russia disguised as a geisha. She refuses to hand over the diamond, but he has planted explosives on the railway track, and, having cut off her escape route, succeeds in dragging her back to Seoul. Unable to discover the diamond’s whereabouts, Yamada rounds up 100 Korean civilians and orders them to be executed if it is not returned. Kanemura is also unsuccessful in getting Haruko to give up the diamond, so he allows her to slip away and then secretly follows her. She leads him to a local pawn shop, but her accomplice Jang-cheon is really an agent of the Korean independence movement, and when Kanemura reveals himself as the leader of the Korean secret intelligence, the two men turn against her. Disguised in Japanese military uniforms and with the diamond now in their possession, they are about to make their getaway when Hasekawa arrives on the scene and holds them at gunpoint. Suzimura and his other police officers soon follow, but he misreads the situation; believing Hasekawa to be a traitor who has taken Japanese soldiers captive, he orders his men to shoot him. This allows Kanemura and Jang-cheon to escape through a hidden tunnel, but Haruko is captured. Jang-cheon thinks that he has the diamond, but Kanemura has switched it, and, feigning injury, he tells Jang-cheon to go on without him; he does, but is soon after arrested and thrown in with the other hostages. Now on his own, Kanemura negotiates a deal with the Chief of State: he will return the diamond in exchange for Haruko and ten crates of gold. Yamada is sent to make the exchange, but the Chief is stopped by the chef and nightclub owner, who are trying to make good on their assassination attempt. The two independence fighters are injured in a shootout with Japanese soldiers, but succeed in their objective, blowing up the Chief’s car. Yamada makes the exchange with Kamemura, but attempts to double cross him, and the two men fight. The diamond is broken, and Kanemura manages to escape with Haruko and the gold. He later reveals that the diamond was in fact a fake, and that he manipulated the whole event to secure gold from the Japanese for the purposes of rebuilding Korea. Back in Seoul, the execution of civilians is halted by the radio broadcast announcing the surrender of Japan.'] ["The film is about the eventful history of Malabar during India's independence struggle. The film primarily focusses on the life of Mohammed Abdul Rahiman, a frontline freedom fighter and Congress leader, known for leading the Khilafat Movement.http://books.google.com/books?id=sHVuAAAAMAAJ. It covers the period in Malabar history starting with the arrival of Abdul Rahiman in Kerala at the age of 23, after discontinuing his education in Aligarh, up to his demise in 1945. The story travels through Rahiman Sahib's desperate failure in the election of 1934, the thrilling win that reclaims his position in the election of 1937, and the departure of his soul mate, whose wardrobe he carries with him as an un-detachable remembrance."] ["Lord Vishnu ([[Suman  listens to requests from his consort Lakshmi  that there weren't many people singing songs in praise of the Lord in Telugu language. In response, the Lord sends Nandaka  to be born as Annamacharya to a childless couple in Tallapaka village, Kadapa District. Growing as a normal young man, Annamayya is in love with his 2 cousins Timakka and Akkalamma (Ramya Krishnan and [[Kasthuri  and thinks that his cousins are the most beautiful creations of god. Lord Vishnu appears in front of Annamayya in disguise and accepts a challenge from him to show someone more beautiful than his cousins - GOD in the form of Lord Venkateswara in a temple in his village. Upon discovering the beauty of Lord, Annamayya is lost in a different world and ends up making a pilgrimage to Tirumala Venkateswara Temple without planning or informing his parents. As his find pilgrims enter the holy hills, he is lost and is helped by Goddess Lakshmi herself in the form of an old lady by informing him that his footwear was preventing his progress. Also weakened by fasting, Annamayya accepts Laddu - a prasadam from the food consecrated by the Lord himself. Upon reaching Tirumala, he is enthralled by the beauty of God and settles there to write and sing hymns in praise of the Lord. Meanwhile, Annamayya's parents get worried regarding Annamayya's whereabouts. Then, the Lord Venkateshwara, hearing the prayers of Lakkavaamba , himself comes in the disguise of a Hunter along with his consorts and tells them that Annamayya lives in Tirumala. Then, Annamayya's parents, cousins, aunt, uncle and his 2 friends come to Tirumala and watch him worship the Lord. When Annamayya is asked to marry his 2 cousins, he refuses saying that his life is dedicated to the service of the Lord and marriage would become a hindrance to it. But, he is then convinced by the Lord himself who has now taken the form of a Brahmin. The Lord personally conducts the wedding of Annamayya with his cousins - Timakka and Akkalamma. After the birth of children, Annamayya settles in Tirumala leaving his children in the care of his parents. Through encounters with the local administrator , he comes in contact with the ruler of the country - Saluva Narasimha who becomes a fan of his songs and make him the court poet. On hearing a Sringara Sankeertan, the King and Queen  request that Annamayya sing a sankeertan in their praise as well, something Annamayya rejects as he would sing only for the Lord and not for any human being. Jailed for not heeding to the King, Annamayya invokes Lord in the form of Narashima  and to the surprise of the King, jailors and everyone - the iron rods burst into flames and releases Annamayya. Realising that their husband was born for humanity and Lord's service, his wives give up their lives freeing Annamayya of any earthly attachment. Annamayya realizing the divine order takes to writing poems and sankirtans and reaches old age. Priests and Brahmins unhappy with his social inclusion of lower caste people in the temple try to destroy his writings. When Annamayya decides to sacrifice his life because all his works were lost, a significant portion of his work is saved by Lord's grace from the fire. Saluva Narasimha and Annamayya's sons convert his work from palm to copper encriptions thus preserving his works for eternity. On completion and dedication of the work in the temple sanctum sanctorum, the Lord and his consorts appears one last time, in their divine form. The Lord grants salvation and Annamayya's soul returns as Nandaka ."] ["In 1865 Australia, the two Marston brothers, bold Dick and sensitive Jim, are drawn into a life of crime by their ex-convict father Ben and his friend, the famous cattle thief Captain Starlight . They help take some cattle their father and Starlight have stolen across the country to Adelaide, where it is sold with Starlight impersonating and English gentleman. The two brothers take their share of the money and go to Melbourne. On board ship they meet the Morrison sisters, greedy Kate and nice Jean, who are romanced by Dick and Jim respectively. They read that Starlight has been arrested, and return home, where they and their father narrowly escape arrest. The brothers are then reunited with Starlight, who has left prison, and join him and some other men in robbing a coach, in which a trooper is shot and killed. Dick and Jim go to the gold fields to make enough money to escape to America. There they are reunited with Kate, who is married but is still interested in Dick, and Jean, who Jim marries. Just as the brothers are about to leave to start a new life, Captain Starlight and his gang  arrive to rob the local bank. During the robbery several people are killed by Starlight's gang , including a child. Jim Marston is captured by locals and is about to be lynched but it rescued by a trooper who comes to arrest him. Dick rescues Jim from the trooper but is killed in the attempt. Jim hides out with Starlight and his father but misses his wife too much and goes back to see her. Starlight and Ben Marston are killed in a shoot out with police. Jim Marston is arrested."] ["Good Night, and Good Luck. is set in 1953, during the early days of television broadcast journalism. Edward R. Murrow  and his dedicated staff—headed by his co-producer Fred Friendly  and reporter Joseph Wershba  in the CBS newsroom—defy corporate and sponsorship pressures, and discredit the tactics used by Joseph McCarthy during his crusade to root out Communist elements within the government. Murrow first defends Milo Radulovich, who is facing separation from the U.S. Air Force because of his sister's political leanings and because his father is subscribed to a Serbian newspaper. Murrow makes a show on McCarthy attacking him. A very public feud develops when McCarthy responds by accusing Murrow of being a communist. Murrow is accused of having been a member of the leftist union Industrial Workers of the World, which Murrow claimed was false. In this climate of fear and reprisal, the CBS crew carries on and their tenacity ultimately strikes a historic blow against McCarthy. Historical footage also shows the questioning of Annie Lee Moss, a Pentagon communication worker accused of being a communist based on her name appearing on a list seen by an FBI infiltrator of the American Communist Party. The film's subplots feature Joseph and Shirley Wershba, recently married staffers, having to hide their marriage to save their jobs at CBS as well as the suicide of Don Hollenbeck  who had been accused in print of being a Communist. The film is framed by performance of the speech given by Murrow to the Radio and Television News Directors Association in 1958, in which Murrow harshly admonishes his audience not to squander the potential of television to inform and educate the public.Edward R. Murrow Speech, 1958 , Radio Television Digital News Association RTNDA.org"] ["This Hindu mythological movie is based on Lord Anjaneya's devotion towards Lord Rama who later finds Rama in Lord Krishna. The movie begins with how the pride of Pandavas is destroyed by Hanuma and later Garuda in search of his daily food and finds a Nagakanya as his prey. Nagakanya is guided by Narada to go to Hanuma for help where she becomes safe. Garuda reports this to Lord Krishna and his wives Rukmini & Sathyabhama. Krishna sends out a warning to Hanuma to release Nagakanya for garuda's prey. But Hanuma doesn't care for his warning & continues to protect Nagakanya. This leads to a war between them as Hanuma doesn't recognise Rama in Krishna at first. Sathyabhama disguised as Sita tries to mislead Hanuma but fails. Later how the war gets stopped and Nagakanya is saved forms the rest of the story."] ['An anti-communist film depicting North Koreans extorting the land and property of civilians in the name of revolution after the liberation from Japan in 1945.Synopsis from {{cite web}}'] ['Smith preempts the start of the interview by giving a summary of what he sees as the three inescapable problems that have faced humans from the earliest development of civilization: how to earn a living, how to get along with our fellow humans, and how to get along with our selves. He compares how the three enduring civilizations: East Asia , South Asia  and the West, have dealt with these problems in distinctive ways.Review of DVD by Harry Moody, AARP'] ['In this historical drama set during the Imjin War, Kwak Jae-Wu leads an army against the Japanese invaders. Once he and his soldiers have helped defeat the Japanese, Kwak refuses a government post as reward from the Royal Court, and chooses instead to live the rest of his life in Bipa Mountain.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation02687|title2009-07-18|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ['The film begins in 18th century Spain, with Father Lorenzo  and Mother Agueda  being tried before the Spanish Inquisition, and Lorenzo agreeing to confess and tell his story in order to escape torture. The setting then turns to the past, where Lorenzo is a charismatic and admired priest. He listens to a confession by a young nun named Sister Ines , who has become pregnant, and reports her to the covenant’s leader, Mother Agueda, despite the girl’s pleas for help. After this, a young monk named Juan reveals to Lorenzo she is actually a woman, Matilde de la Venegas . Matilde is a wealthy orphan who fell in love with Lorenzo while attending one of his sermons, and entered his covenant in disguise in order to be near him. Lorenzo goes to report her and she threatens to commit suicide, claiming she does not care about the damnation this act would bring her. Elsewhere in the covenant, the nuns are gathered and debating what to do with Sister Ines. Some of the nuns want to report to her the Inquisition, following protocol and ensuring the girl a fair trial, but Agueda, angered by Ines’s denials of her advances, convinces the nuns that the girl’s obvious guilt allows the covenant to deal with her themselves, and they imprison Ines in a cell beneath the monastery. Matilde continues to pursue Lorenzo, though he still wants her to leave, as he is attracted to her and afraid of breaking his priestly vows. She agrees to go, but as Lorenzo reaches into the garden to give her a goodbye rose, he is bitten by a snake. He recovers only to discover Matilde saved his life by sucking the venom from his wound, poisoning herself gravely ill in the process. Lorenzo is overcome by her love for him and they make love, breaking Lorenzo’s vows. Ramon , a young nobleman and Ines’ lover, coming looking for her at the covenant, but is turned away. When he later returns with a papal order for Ines’ release from the covenant, Agueda lies to him that Ines died from a sudden illness. Lorenzo becomes the confessor for an elderly member of his congregation, and impassioned by his regained sexuality, begins pursuing the woman’s innocent daughter Angela . He becomes distant from Matilde and confronts Angela, but she denies him and he is thrown out of the house. Matilde convinces Lorenzo to continue after Angela, saying she will do anything to make him happy, and reveals she knows black magic. Lorenzo agrees to her plan, and in a Satanic ritual Matilde creates a potion that will leave Angela helpless to Lorenzo. That night Angela’s mother discovers Lorenzo administering the potion to her sleeping daughter, and Lorenzo kills her to keep her from crying out. Matilde appears to Lorenzo in a demonic form, and instructs him to cover up the murder by making it appear as though she committed suicide. While Lorenzo is attempting to rape Angela in the bedchamber of the covenant, Ramon arrives with the Inquisition and discovers Ines imprisoned in the basement. Needing to hide from the Inquisition, Matilde attempts to kill Angela but is stopped by Lorenzo, who regrets aloud conspiring with Matilde in the first place. The inquisition discovers them in the act and the story returns to the present, where Lorenzo is still being tried before the Inquisition. Agueda is imprisoned for life for her illicit confinement of Ines, and Lorenzo is convinced of devil-worship, and is burned at the stake.'] ["{{seealso}} The film is set in 1967 to 1968. The attractive Kamila Sakowicz  and Roman Rożek  are lovers. At first Kamila does not know that Roman is an officer in the Polish secret State Security. After some time, he invites her into his apartment. After several nights of passion Roman asks Kamila for a favor. Kamila is to approach the well-known writer and literature professor Adam Warczewski  and report on his views and contacts. Kamila selects the pseudonym Różyczka . Roman claims Warczewski is a Zionist counter-revolutionary hiding his Jewish name Wajner behind the Polish name Warczewski. Kamila is approaching the professor who invites her to his home and introduces her to classical music and the Polish exile literature. The professor is a widower and single father of a young daughter. The relationship between Kamila and Warczewskis family gets closer and the reports for the state security more detailed and interesting. Finally, the professor and Kamila become lovers. Roman continues to receive top stories, but his jealousy is as big as his professional ambition. When the Polish government stops a theatre play due to anti-Soviet propaganda, Warczewski calls a meeting of the PEN Club to protest. Kamila is the secretary of the meeting, and she forwards the minutes to the State Security with her termination of cooperation. She wants to marry the professor. Roman is desperate in his jealousy and informs Warczewski about Kamila's collaboration with the State Security. After the suppression of the riots Władysław Gomułka frames Warczewski as an example of Jewish anti-socialist elements in Polish society. The anti-Semitic mood forces 15,000 Jewish citizens to leave Poland. At the same time, however, Rożek, whose name was originally Jewish Rosen, is unmasked and released from State Security. He also has to leave the country. In a final act of jealousy, he kills the professor."] ["The story was set in August 1909 when the movie presented in sound and Venizelos' ideas and Venizelianism for a larger Greece. It describes the capture of Thessaloniki and Ioannina and later the National Schism and up to the impending war in Europe, World War II. Venizelos resigned from the political life after the tie in the elections that followed the Asia Minor Catastrophe and returned to his relatives in Crete."] ['This film tells the story of two renowned actors of Fascist cinema, Luisa Ferida and Osvaldo Valenti, who were supporters of the Salò Republic. Accused of collaboration and torture, they were shot by the Partisans after the country was liberated. The movie was included in the "uncategorized" group at Cannes Film Festival in 2008'] ["The first episode covers Victoria's growth from bullied princess to ruling queen, and includes her romance and marriage with Albert of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. The second episode depicts Victoria's life from her first pregnancy to Albert's death, including their family life together and Albert's increasing public role. Each episode is begun and ended by a small section with the 'Old Victoria', at the age of about 78."] ["During the late 16th century, Catholics and Protestant Huguenots are fighting over political control of France, which is ruled by the neurotic, hypochondriac King Charles IX , and his mother, Catherine de' Medici , a scheming power player. Catherine decides to make an overture of goodwill by offering up her daughter Margot  in marriage to Henri de Bourbon , a prominent Huguenot and King of Navarre, although she also schemes to bring about the notorious St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre of 1572, when thousands of Protestants are slaughtered. The marriage goes forward but Margot, who does not love Henri, begins a passionate affair with the soldier La Môle , also a Protestant from a well-to-do family. Murders by poisoning follow, as court intrigues multiply and Queen Catherine's villainous plotting to place her son the Duke of Anjou  on the throne threatens the lives of La Môle, Margot and Henri of Navarre. A book with pages painted with arsenic is intended for Henri but instead causes the slow, agonizing death of King Charles. Henri escapes to Navarre and sends La Môle to fetch Margot, but Guise apprehends him. La Môle is beheaded in the Bastille before Margot can save him, and King Charles finally dies. Margot escapes carrying La Môle's embalmed head as Anjou is proclaimed King of France as Henry III."] 