[" The filmmaker’s 200 year old ancestral house is dismantled, giving him an opportunity to undertake a journey into a past. It is a past that he shares not only with his extended family, but also with successive generations of India’s rural population. Armed with a cranky digital camera, he and his friend Ajay Raina sets out to document the dismantling process. They meet the four owners of the house – the uncles and aunt of the filmmaker - and gather from them what it means to undergo the process of change and migration. A sense of nostalgia and loss; as well as the excitement and the insecurity of the future accompany this process; the essence of which is transition. A realization of the inevitability of this transition marks this journey. It could well have been the journey of a country that has propelled itself into modernity. As plans are on for the house to get reconstructed elsewhere in an open air museum, out of its original context – for the filmmaker, the fossilization seems to be complete. The film ends with the tile that says that the filmmaker's father has expired in Mumbai in 2010."] ['A boxer from Brooklyn with a bad attitude and a fat belly gets beaten up by an old man. Seeking revenge, he returns to a boxing trainer, played by his real-life coach Paddy Carson, asking his coach to get him in shape so he can beat up the old man. His coach, Patty, tells him, “If an old man beats you, then you must not fight him, you must learn from him.” “As always, I was honored to play in a Khmer movie. I am so grateful for all of the email and support that has come to me from Khmer people around the globe,” says Graceffo, who receives countless emails daily. “The actual acting was pretty funny. I play a big out of shape boxer from Brooklyn. It wasn’t much of a stretch. The story is, in a lot of ways, based on my own experience of coming to Cambodia to train. For example, in the beginning of the film, my character doesn’t speak Khmer, and he gets a little sick when his training brothers ask him to eat spiders. By the end, he gets used to all of that and he learns to respect the spirit of Angkorian warrior.”'] 