["The film focuses on the conflict between Maximilian I, a European political dupe who is installed as the puppet ruler of Mexico by the French, and Benito Juárez, the country's president. In 1863, Napoléon III of France, fearful he will lose Mexico to its newly-elected president Benito Juárez, circumvents the Monroe Doctrine by instituting sovereign rule and controlling an election that places Maximilian von Habsburg on the Mexican throne. Upon his arrival in the country with his wife Carlota, Maxmilian realizes he is expected to establish French supremacy by confiscating land Juárez had returned to the native people and penalizing the rebels under his command. Maximilian decides to abdicate his throne but is deterred from doing so by Carlotta. Maximillian offers Juárez the position of prime minister, and his refusal creates a rift between the two. As the American Civil War comes to an end, the United States sends troops in support of Juárez's army, but their efforts are thwarted by vice-president Alejandro Uradi, who seizes the American ammunition and therefore virtually guarantees victory for Maximilian. However, Napoleon removes all French troops from Mexico, leaving Maximilian without an army. Angered by this move, Carlota returns to Paris to appeal to Napoleon, but she suffers a mental breakdown. Juárez and his rebels capture Maxmilian and his men and, although arrangements to set him free are made, he insists on remaining with his supporters. Tried and found guilty, they are sentenced to death by firing squad."] ["Children of Glory commemorates Hungary's Revolution of 1956 and the Blood in the Water match. Taking place in Budapest and at the Melbourne Olympic Games in October and November of that year, the film takes viewers into the passion and sadness of one of the most dramatic popular revolts of the twentieth century. In the same year Soviet tanks were violently suppressing the Revolution within Hungary, the Hungarian water polo team was winning over the Soviets in the Olympic pool in Melbourne, in what is sometimes described as the bloodiest water polo match in history. While telling the story of 1956 in part through fictional lead characters, the film-makers simultaneously recreated many of the key public events of the Revolution, including the huge demonstrations and the fighting in the streets of Budapest."] ['In 1813, the war turns in favour of the British. Lord Wellington ([[Hugh Fraser  is poised to invade southern France after triumphing in Spain. The Comte de Maquerre , a French nobleman, offers to raise a rebellion in Bordeaux against Napoleon. Major General Ross , is unconvinced, as his spies have reported no discontent in the region, but agrees that a brigade can be sent as a probe if the Comte can provide a secure base; he offers a family castle, though he admits that it is garrisoned. Wellington is forced to put a young, inexperienced Colonel Horace Bampfylde   in charge of the expedition, instead of Major Sharpe . Sharpe is reluctant to go, as he has just married Jane Gibbons  and she has come down with a deadly fever. Without quinine, her prognosis is bleak, but he is a soldier and he has his orders. Bampfylde botches the initial assault on the fortress and is driven back with heavy casualties. Disgusted, Sharpe and his men gain entry to the castle at night by a ruse, pretending to be a French patrol, and capture the place. The Comte is reunited with his sister  and gravely ill mother. For his trouble, Sharpe is sent by Bampfylde on a useless reconnaissance in order to grab the credit for himself. While Sharpe is away, the Comte brings the "Mayor of Bordeaux" to Bampfylde who confirms that Bordeaux is ripe for rebellion, however the mayor is in fact Napoleon\'s agent and Sharpe\'s old enemy Major Ducos , and the Comte is in league with Napoleon. Ducos also tells Bampfylde that Sharpe was ambushed and killed by a French column. Now convinced that his mission is a success and there\'s no further reason to stay, Bampfylde is convinced by the Comte to demolish the front gates, blow up the captured ammunition, abandon the wounded, and return to Wellington immediately with the wonderful news. Sharpe\'s patrol meanwhile ambushes and annihilates a French column of reinforcements, and captures a resupply cart and a doctor bringing quinine for the Comte\'s mother. Resisting the temptation to save it for his wife, Sharpe allows it to be given to the ailing woman. Rifleman Robinson  is found with a local French girl. Sharpe is required to hang him by Wellington\'s standing orders, but when the girl says she had been willing, Sharpe reduces the sentence to a beating from Sergeant Harper . Meanwhile they question the locals and find them fiercely loyal to Napoleon and conclude that the Comte\'s rebellion is a sham. Hearing the explosion from the castle\'s magazine, Sharpe and his men hurry back. When he gets a description of the mayor, he realises he has been trapped by Major Ducos. Not only will Wellington be tricked into advancing into an ambush, but Ducos will have his own personal revenge on Sharpe. French General Calvet  arrives with a sizable, but inexperienced, force. Under a flag of truce, the Comte reveals himself to be Napoleon\'s agent, and offers to let the British go free provided they leave Sharpe behind; Robinson replies for them all, "Fight them to the finish, sir." Sharpe turns them down. In a shooting contest, sharpshooters mortally wound the Comte in the back at long range as he returns from the parley. Sharpe and his men only have 18 rounds a man. Earlier, out of gratitude for Sharpe providing her mother with quinine, the Comte\'s sister had told them to burn a cellar full of oyster shells to produce lime. The French attack, but are met by accurate volley shooting. With the British ammunition running low, Sharpe\'s men dump powdered lime from the walls, blinding their foes as they enter the castle. The British form ranks and proceed to massacre the blinded Frenchmen. The French retreat just as the British run out of ammunition. Then, a messenger arrives from Marshal Soult, Calvet\'s superior, wondering why he wasn\'t guarding the flank when Wellington attacked... fifty miles away. The wily British commander had been suspicious and so only ever intended the uprising to be a distraction while he attacked elsewhere. General Calvet hurries away, leaving Sharpe victorious. When Sharpe gets back, Bampfylde is placed under arrest for cowardice and other charges. Sharpe is astounded to find his wife well; she tells him that Wellington had gone to some lengths to obtain quinine for her.'] ["Set in the period between 1784 and 1789, the film portrays Jefferson as an ambassador at Versailles prior to the French Revolution. French liberals and intellectuals hope he will lead them away from the corruption of the court of King Louis XVI and Marie-Antoinette and toward a more democratic form of government. Although deploring the poverty of the common people, he embraces the riches of French culture and civilization. It is his first time abroad, and he takes advantage of the opportunity to extend his knowledge of liberal arts and science while absorbing the refinements France has to offer. A lonely widower, Jefferson develops a close friendship with beautiful Anglo-Italian painter and musician Maria Cosway. Although she becomes increasingly devoted to him, his attachments to the memory of his wife, to whom he promised never to marry again, and to his two daughters, especially the elder, possessive Patsy, prevent him from fully committing to the relationship. At the same time, he succumbs to his attraction to his younger daughter Polly's nurse Sally Hemings, his wife's half-sister sired by her father with one of his mulatto slaves. Sally's brother James is in Paris as well, learning to prepare French cuisine for Monticello. When George Washington offers Jefferson the post of Secretary of State, he accepts and prepares to sail home with his family. But James, having enjoyed his freedom in Paris, is not willing to return to the United States and urges Sally to remain with him. It is only when Jefferson promises he will give James and Sally - who is pregnant with Jefferson's child - their freedom that they consent to leave with him."] ['The movie relates the story of Ida Dalser, who fell in love with the future Italian Fascist leader, Benito Mussolini, supported him while he was unemployed in the early 1910s, and married him, presumably around 1914. She bore Mussolini a son, Benito Albino, before the outbreak of World War I. The two lost touch during the war years and, upon discovering him again in a hospital during the war, she also discovered Rachele Guidi, who had married Mussolini in 1915, and a daughter born in 1910 when Guidi and Mussolini were living together. Historically, following his political ascendency, Mussolini suppressed the information about his first marriage and he  persecuted both his first wife and oldest son and committed them forcibly to asylums. Dalser died in an asylum in Venice in 1937 at the age of 57 of brain haemorrhages and Benito Albino died in 1942 at the age of 26 in an asylum near Milan after repeated coma-inducing injections.{{Cite news}}'] ['The film opens with a prologue describing how the barons of England, aided by the Knights Templar, rebelled against King John in a war that lasted three years and ended with King John signing Magna Carta , a document granting equal rights to all Englishmen and reducing the power of the monarchy. Not long afterwards, he breaks his word and begins a bloody campaign of revenge against the barons who humiliated him, commanding an army of Danish mercenaries to whose leader he has promised that the Pope would keep his missionaries out of Denmark. The abbot Marcus, leading three Templar knights who have taken vows of silence, shelters from a storm at Darnay Castle on his way to Canterbury for pilgrimage. Abbot Marcus speaks with Thomas Marshall, one of the knights and promises he will secure Marshall\'s release from the Templar Order once they reach Canterbury. The next morning, King John arrives with his Danish army and overruns the castle. John orders Darnay hanged, and Abbot Marcus has his tongue cut out by the Danes when he tries to intervene. Marshall and the two other knights fight the Danes, during which Marshall manages to escape the castle on horseback, carrying the abbot, while the other two knights are slain. The abbot dies of his wounds shortly after, and Marshall breaks his vow of silence to swear that his sacrifice will not be in vain. Once he has reached Canterbury, Marshall meets with Archbishop Langton, the author of the Magna Carta, and Baron William d\'Aubigny, a former soldier turned wool merchant. Langton reveals that the Pope has sided with King John and that he himself is to be excommunicated for writing the Great Charter. The three men agree that John must be stopped, and that the place to do it is Rochester Castle, a strategically important stronghold that controls the route from southern England.  Aubigny persuades three of his men to join him, including his squire Guy, but a fourth turns down the baron\'s call to arms. A party of seven finally leaves for Rochester where, on arriving, they discover six of the King Danish mercenaries have already claimed the castle after the fourth man had betrayed them to the king. Aubigny\'s party fights and kills the Danish scouts and then claims Rochester Castle in the name of the rebellion, much to the displeasure of Baron Cornhill, its lord. When John\'s army finally arrives and lays siege to Rochester, the garrison holds fast and manages to beat back the initial Danish assault. In the aftermath, Aubigny offers his men the chance to leave if they wish; none accept. For the second assault the Danes build a siege tower, but the defenders destroy it with a makeshift trebuchet and the attackers are repulsed again. The King\'s army holds back and begins to starve the defenders out. The Archbishop is informed that Prince Louis is biding his time in France and negotiating with John, and sets off immediately to expedite affairs. As weeks become months and the hunger and suffering of the castle\'s occupants increase, Marshall leaves under cover of night and steals food from the Danish camp, making it back just ahead of his pursuers. The defenders\' morale is bolstered for the first time in months, and Marshall finally succumbs to the advances of Cornhill\'s wife Isabel, breaking his Templar vows. The Danish leader, Tiberius, under pressure from John to take the castle or risk the King reneging on their bargain, adopts a different approach in his next assault and manages to sneak a small force of men over the walls before dawn to open the castle gates from within. Guy discovers the infiltrators and sounds the alarm, but it is too late. Tiberius leads the charge into the castle grounds while his Danes slaughter the garrison. During the chaos d\'Aubigny is wounded and left behind in the chaos of the retreat. Marshall recovers in time to don his knight\'s battle armor and charge the Danes on his war-horse, buying time for the survivors to pull back to the keep. Aubigny is dragged before the King and forced to watch as the hands of two prisoners are chopped off. After a defiant verbal exchange with John, he is subjected to the same fate and then killed by being flung from the makeshift trebuchet against the keep walls. Cornhill tries to surrender but after being stopped, he goes upstairs to his bedroom and hangs himself instead. John\'s royal engineers then collapse part of the keep after tunneling under its foundations, and the final assault begins. The last defenders are killed except Guy, Isabel and Marshall, knocked unconscious by rubble from the keep\'s collapse. Guy goes out to die fighting where he encounters Tiberius and is almost killed until a recovered Marshall intervenes. Tiberius challenges Marshall to single combat, and Marshall triumphs after an exhausting duel. Horns are heard in the distance as the combined English rebel and French army arrives at last, and John and the remaining Danes disperse in panic. Marshall meets Prince Louis and Archbishop Langton at the castle gates; the latter tells him that he is now free of the Templar Order. Acknowledging England\'s new king with a nod, Marshall rides off with Isabel, while Guy tells his dead baron that "We held". The film ends with an epilogue describing King John\'s death during his retreat and the reconstruction of Rochester Castle, and how it, like the Magna Carta, still stands today.'] ["The film begins with the arrest of Angolan revolutionary Domingos Xavier by Portuguese colonial officials. Xavier is taken to the prison in Sambizanga where he is at risk of being tortured to death for not giving the Portuguese the names of his fellow dissidents. The film follows Xavier's wife, Maria, who searches from jail to jail trying to discover what has become of her husband."] ['{{Expand section}} Against the backdrop of the events leading up to the American Revolution, Matt Howard builds a fine plantation, Albemarle, in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia out of love for his wife, only to see it crumble under the strain of events and differences in their upbringing.'] ["A young woman, Cresta Lee , and young U.S. private Honus Gent  are joined together by fate when they are the only two survivors after a cavalry group is massacred by the Cheyenne. Gent is much devoted to his country and duty; Lee, who has lived with the Cheyenne for two years, declares that in this conflict she sympathizes more with them. The two must now try to make it to Fort Reunion, the army base camp, where Cresta's fiance, an army officer, waits for her. As they travel through the desert with very low supplies, hiding from the Indians, they are spotted by a different tribe of Indians than the Cheyenne. Under pressure from Cresta, Honus fights with the tribe chief and, by fluke, ends up stabbing him in the stomach. He finds himself unable to kill the chief, even as the latter's own men stab him for his defeat, and leave the couple alone. Eventually, after being shot at by a white man who supplied guns to the Indians, Honus finds himself alone in a cave where Cresta leaves him to get help. She arrives at Fort Reunion, only to discover the that her fiance's cavalry plans to attack the peaceful Indian village of the Cheyenne the day after. She runs away on a horse and reaches the village in time to warn Spotted Wolf, the Cheyenne chief. The latter refuses to indulge in warfare and prepares to extend a hand of friendship to the American soldiers using the US Flag. The army men however, do not refuse the orders of their Commanding Officer to open fire at the village. What follows is a massacre of Indians, so violent and brutal that it came to be known as the most shameful day in the Indian Wars of the American West. The movie gets extremely graphic here and shows with abandon the ruthlessness of the 700 army men as they wipe out 500 Indians, most of them women and children."] ['In 1812, on the eve of the decisive battle of Borodino, a French secret agent steals a battle plan of the Russian troops. This fact is known to General Kutuzov, thanks to a young nobleman named Alexey Tarusov. Tarusov joins a regiment of Russian lancers, and finds new friends and together they have many adventures...'] ["An ambitious, historic attempt to explore and document an untamed American frontier unfolds in this rousing adventure drama. In 1803, Meriwether Lewis and William Clark, with President Thomas Jefferson's blessing, embarked on the government-sponsored Lewis & Clark Expedition – an attempt to discover a water route connecting St. Louis, Missouri, with the Pacific Ocean. Their trek takes them through the magnificent, danger-filled territory of the Pacific Northwest, with guidance from the Shoshone maiden Sacagawea."] ['Jodhaa Akbar is a sixteenth century love story about a political marriage of convenience between a Mughal emperor, Akbar, and a Rajput princess, Jodhaa. Political success knew no bounds for Emperor Akbar . After having secured the Hindu Kush, his empire extends from Afghanistan to the Bay of Bengal, and from the Himalayas to the Narmada River. Through a shrewd blend of diplomacy, intimidation and brute force, Akbar won the allegiance of the Rajputs. This allegiance was not universal. Maharana Pratap and many other Rajputs always considered Akbar as a foreign invader. Maharana Pratap also banned inter marriages between Rajputs who had given their daughters to the Mughals and the ones who did not.But little did Akbar know that when he married Jodhaa , a fiery Rajput princess, in order to further strengthen his relations with the Rajputs, he would in turn be embarking upon a new journey – the journey of true love. The daughter of King Bharmal of Amer, Jodhaa resented being reduced to a mere political pawn in this marriage of alliance, and Akbar’s biggest challenge now lies in winning the love of Jodhaa – a love hidden deep below resentment and extreme prejudice.{{cite web}}'] ['The story relates the life and career of José de San Martín during the South American wars of independence. It starts with his return to Mendoza province, with the rest of the narration being told as a flashback.'] ["In 1905, Sun Wen intends to go abroad to Hong Kong, a British colony, to discuss his plans with fellow Tongmenghui members to overthrow China's corrupt and crumbling Qing Dynasty. Empress Dowager Cixi sends a group of assassins, led by Yan Xiaoguo, to kill Sun. Revolutionary Chen Shaobai arrives in Hong Kong a few days before Sun's arrival, to meet Li Yutang, a businessman who provides financial aid for the revolutionaries. As Sun Wen's arrival day draws near, trouble begins brewing in Hong Kong as Chen Shaobai's acquaintances are murdered and Chen himself is kidnapped by the assassins during a raid. Li Yutang decides to officially declare his support for the revolutionaries after the newspaper agency is closed by the British authorities, who do not interfere in China's political situation. Li rallies a group of men, including rickshaw pullers, hawkers and a beggar, to serve as bodyguards for Sun Wen when he arrives. Li's son Li Chongguang is chosen to act as a decoy for Sun Wen to divert the assassins away while Sun attends the meeting and leaves Hong Kong safely."] ['Caligula , the young heir to the throne of the syphilis-ridden, half-mad Emperor Tiberius , thinks he has received a bad omen after a blackbird flies into his room early one morning. Shortly afterward, Macro , the head of the Praetorian Guards, appears to tell the young man that his great uncle  demands that he report at once to the Island of Capri, where Tiberius has been residing for a number of years with a close friend Nerva , a dim-witted relative Claudius , and Caligula\'s younger stepbrother Gemellus  . Fearing assassination, Caligula is afraid to leave, but his beloved sister Drusilla  convinces him to go. At Capri, Caligula finds his uncle has become depraved, showing signs of advanced venereal diseases, and embittered with Rome and politics. Tiberius enjoys watching degrading sexual shows, often including children and various freaks of nature. Caligula observes with a mixture of fascination and horror. Tensions rise when Tiberius jokingly tries to poison Caligula in front of Gemellus. After Nerva commits suicide on the prospect of Caligula\'s rule, Tiberius collapses from a stroke, leaving Macro and Caligula planning a way to hasten the latter\'s ascent to the throne. Late one night, Macro escorts all the spectators out of Tiberius\' bedchamber to allow Caligula the opportunity to murder his uncle, but when he fails, Macro finishes the deed himself by strangling Tiberius with a scarf. Caligula triumphantly removes the imperial signet from Tiberius\'s finger and suddenly realizes that Gemellus has witnessed the murder. Tiberius is buried with honors and Caligula is proclaimed the new Emperor; he in turn proclaims Drusilla his equal, to the apparent disgust of the Senate. Afterwards, Drusilla, fearful of Macro\'s influence, convinces Caligula to get rid of him. Caligula obliges by setting up a mock trial in which Gemellus is intimidated into testifying that Macro alone murdered Tiberius. With the powerful Macro gone, Caligula appoints Tiberius\'s former adviser Longinus  as his right-hand man, and pronounces the docile Senator Chaerea  as the new head of the Praetorian Guard. Drusilla endeavors to find Caligula a wife amongst the priestesses of the goddess Isis, the cult they secretly practice. Caligula only wants to marry Drusilla, but when she refuses because she is actually his sister, he spitefully marries Caesonia , a known courtesan, but only after she bears him an heir. Caligula proves to be a popular but eccentric ruler, cutting taxes and overturning all the oppressive laws that Tiberius enacted. The Senate begins to dislike the young emperor for his eccentricities and various insults directed towards them. Darker aspects of his personality begin to emerge as well; he rapes a bride and groom on their wedding day because of a minor fit of jealousy, and orders the execution of Gemellus merely to provoke a reaction from Drusilla. After he discovers Caesonia is pregnant, Caligula suffers severe fever, but Drusilla nurses him back to health. Just as he fully recovers, Caesonia bears him a daughter, Julia Drusilla, and Caligula marries her on the spot. During the celebration, Drusilla collapses in Caligula\'s arms from the same fever he\'d suffered. Soon afterwards, Caligula receives another ill omen in the guise of a black bird. He rushes to Drusilla\'s side and watches her die. Caligula has a nervous breakdown; he smashes a statue of Isis and drags Drusilla\'s body around the palace while screaming hysterically. Now in a deep depression, Caligula walks the Roman streets, disguised as a beggar; Caligula then causes a disturbance after watching an amateur performance mocking his relationship with Drusilla. After a brief stay in a city jail, Caligula proclaims himself a god and becomes determined to destroy the senatorial class, which he has come to loathe. His reign becomes a series of humiliations against the foundations of Rome; senators\' wives are forced to work in the service of the state as prostitutes, estates are confiscated, the old religion is desecrated, and he initiates an absurd war on Britain to humiliate the army; the army never actually fights in Britain, but is ordered to attack stalks of papyrus on the shores. It is obvious to the senators and the military that Caligula must be assassinated, and Longinus conspires with Chaerea to carry out the deed. Caligula wanders into his bedroom where a nervous Caesonia awaits him. The blackbird makes a final appearance, but only Caesonia is frightened of it. The next morning, after rehearsing an Egyptian play, Caligula and his family are attacked as they leave the stadium in a coup headed by Chaerea. His wife and daughter are brutally murdered and Chaerea himself stabs Caligula in the stomach. With his final breaths, he defiantly whimpers "I live!" As Caligula and his family\'s bodies are thrown down the marble steps and their blood is washed off the marble floor, Claudius is proclaimed the new Emperor.'] ['Xerxes I of Persia leads a vast army of soldiers into Europe to defeat the small city-states of Greece, not only to fulfill the idea of "one world ruled by one master", but also to avenge the defeat of his father at the Battle of Marathon ten years before. Accompanying him are Artemisia I, the Queen of Halicarnassus, who beguiles Xerxes with her feminine charm, and Demaratus, an exiled king of Sparta, to whose warnings Xerxes pays little heed. In Corinth, Themistocles of Athens wins the support of the Greek allies and convinces both the delegates and the Spartan representative, Leonidas I, to grant Sparta leadership of their forces. Outside the hall, Leonidas and Themistocles agree to fortify the pass at Thermopylae until the rest of the army arrives. After this, Leonidas learns of the Persian advance and travels to Sparta to spread the news. In Sparta, his fellow king Leotychidas is fighting a losing battle with the Ephors over a religious festival that is due to take place, with members of the council arguing that the army should wait until after the festival is over before it marches, while Leotychidas fears that by that time the Persians may have conquered Greece. Leonidas decides to march north immediately with his personal bodyguard of 300 men, who are exempt from the decisions of the Ephors and the Gerousia. They are subsequently reinforced by Thespians led by Demophilus and other Greek allies. After several days of fighting, Xerxes grows angry as his army is repeatedly routed by the Greeks, with the Spartans in the forefront. Leonidas receives word that, by decision of the Ephors, the remainder of the Spartan army, rather than joining him as he had expected, will only fortify the isthmus in the Peloponnese and will advance no further. The Greeks constantly beat back the Persians, and following the defeat of his personal bodyguard in battle against the Spartans, Xerxes begins to consider withdrawing to Sardis until he can equip a larger force at a later date. As he prepares to withdraw, however, Xerxes receives word from the treacherous and avaricious Ephialtes of a goat-track through the mountains that will enable his forces to attack the Greeks from the rear. Promising to reward Ephialtes for his betrayal, Xerxes sends his army onward. Once Leonidas realizes he will be surrounded, he sends away the Greek allies to alert the cities to the south. Being too few to hold the pass, the Spartans instead attack the Persian front, where Xerxes is nearby. Leonidas is killed in the melée. Meanwhile the Thespians, who had refused to leave, are overwhelmed  while defending the rear. Surrounded, the surviving Spartans refuse Xerxes\'s demand to give up Leonidas\' body. They are then annihilated by arrowfire. After this, narration states that the Battle of Salamis and the Battle of Plataea end the Persian invasion, which could not have been organized without the time bought by the 300 Spartans who defied the tyranny of Xerxes at Thermopylae. One of the final images of the film is the memorial bearing the epigram of Simonides of Ceos, which is recited.'] ['Genoese navigator overcomes intrigue in the court of King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella of Spain and gains financing for his expedition to the East Indies.'] ['Prince Hector  and his young brother Paris  negotiate peace between Troy and Sparta. Paris has fallen in love with Helen , the wife of king Menelaus , and smuggles her back to Troy with him. Infuriated, Menelaus vows revenge. Menelaus approaches his brother Agamemnon ([[Brian Cox , a king who has conquered every army of Greece, and now commands them. Agamemnon, who has wanted to conquer Troy for years , uses this as a justification to invade Troy. General Nestor  asks him to take the legendary warrior Achilles , to rally the troops to the cause. Odysseus , a king of Mycenae commanded by Agamemnon, visits Phtia to persuade Achilles to fight, and finds him training with Patroclus , his cousin. Achilles, pondering his decision, visits his mother Thetis  for advice. She tells him that, before he was even born, she knew this day would come. She also tells him that if he does not go to Troy, he will live a long, happy life and have children, but after he dies, his name will be forgotten and nobody will remember him. If he does go to Troy, he will find great glory in battle, his name will be written into history forever, but he will die there. Achilles, wanting his name to be remembered, chooses to go. The Greeks sail for Troy. Achilles and the Myrmidons are the fastest rowers and land before anyone else. They kill many Trojans and desecrate the temple of Apollo. Briseis , a member of the Trojan royal family, is captured and taken as a prize to the Greeks, despite Achilles claiming her as a war prize himself. Achilles and his Myrmidons do not fight the next day because of Agamemnon\'s unfair claim to Briseis. With Greeks surrounding Troy, Paris challenges Menelaus to a duel to settle things, using the Sword of Troy, his father claiming that the city\'s people have a future so long as the sword is in the hands of a Trojan. Menelaus agrees; however, Agamemnon plans on attacking the city regardless of the outcome. Paris is easily defeated, and wounded. Hector intervenes and kills Menelaus. The Greeks charge the Trojan lines but are forced to fall back when they are nearly wiped out by archers on Troy\'s walls. Ajax is slain in the battle at the hands of Hector. Agamemnon gives Briseis to his men to amuse them after their terrible loss, but Achilles rescues her after they try to rape her. He carries her back to his tent and tends to her wounds. Briseis then tries to kill Achilles but realizes that she has feelings for him and the two make love. The next day, Achilles readies his men to leave, much to Patroclus\' indignation. That night, the Trojans launch a surprise offensive against the Greek encampment, aiming to destroy their boats and prevent their escape. As the Greeks seem to be on the verge of defeat, Achilles appears with the Myrmidons and joins the battle, eventually fighting against Hector. The battle goes much better for the Greeks than before, but all are shocked when Hector cuts Achilles\' throat. Hector removes his foe\'s helmet, revealing the face of Patroclus. After Hector finishes the mortally wounded youth mercifully, both armies agree to end fighting for the day. Before he leaves, Odysseus informs Hector it was his cousin whom he had killed. Achilles, who had slept through the battle, is told by Eudorus of his cousin\'s death. The Greeks had also mistaken Patroclus for Achilles, since he had put on Achilles\' armour and moved like Achilles. Furious, Achilles attacks Eudorus and when Briseis tries to stop him, he throws her to the ground. Later that night, Achilles lights Patroclus\' funeral pyre. Meanwhile, in Troy, Hector realizes that Achilles will seek revenge for the death of his cousin, and begins making preparations to save his loved ones. He leads Andromache to a secret path out of the city, asking her to use it if the city falls. The next day Achilles approaches the gates of Troy alone and shouts for Hector to come out and face him. Hector knows he must face him alone, so he says his goodbyes to his family and friends and then confronts Achilles. The two fight an evenly matched duel at the start, but Hector begins to tire against the relentless assault of Achilles. Eventually, Achilles slays Hector by stabbing him in the chest with Hector\'s broken spear. He then ties Hector\'s body to the back of his chariot, dragging it to the ships, leaving all the Trojans shocked. That night, King Priam  visits the Greek army\'s camp to convince Achilles to let him retrieve Hector\'s body. Moved by the king\'s plea, Achilles acquiesces to his request and allows him to take his son to be buried. Achilles breaks down and cries while preparing Hector\'s body for transport back to Troy. He tells Priam that Hector was the best he had ever fought. He also gives Priam his word that no Greek will attack Troy for 12 days. Achilles lets Priam take Briseis back as well. He later apologises to Eudorus for harming him and gives him one last order: to take the Myrmidons home.  During the 12 day-truce, Troy mourns Hector\'s death while Agamemmnon fumes at the loss of an opportunity to end the war once and for all and the Trojans are in disarray at the loss of their top general even though his generals, including Odysseus, inform him that the death Hector makes no difference as the Greeks still can\'t breach the walls of Troy. Seeing that the mad king will sooner see every one of his own men slaughtered before he gives up his ambition, Odysseus plans to infiltrate the city by building a hollowed-out wooden horse. The Greeks leave the horse at their camp and then depart, hiding their ships in a nearby cove. Priam trusts his priests that the horse is an offering to Poseidon and a gift, despite the misgivings of Paris. Assuming victory, the Trojans take the horse into the city and celebrate. A Trojan scout finds the Greek ships hiding in the cove, but is killed by their archers before he can spread the news. A band of Greeks led by Achilles and Odysseus come out of the horse at night, opening the gates to the city allowing the main army to enter. The Greeks commence the Sack of Troy, massacring the inhabitants and looting buildings. The Trojan army attempts to defend the royal palace but fails and the Greeks storm in. While Troy is burned, Andromache helps Helen and many others escape from Troy through the secret passage Hector showed her. Paris hands Aeneas the Sword of Troy by repeating his father\'s words that the Trojans will have a future as long as the sword is in Trojan hands. After helping the survivors off, He heads back into the city, bow and arrows at the ready as he had been practicing archery to join the rest of the Trojan army, but abandons them after hearing Briseis\' voice calling him. Odysseus kills Glaucus and Agamemnon kills Priam. Achilles searches for Briseis, who is being threatened by Agamemnon. She kills Agamemnon with a concealed knife and is saved from his guards by Achilles. While Achilles is helping Briseis to her feet, Paris, seeking revenge for his brother\'s death, shoots Achilles several times before Briseis manages to stay his hand. Achilles urges Briseis to join Paris and escape from the city and then dies of the wound to the one spot on his body that was vulnerable, his heel. The soldiers arrive to see the fallen Achilles with only the single arrow through his heel, as he had removed all the others, in keeping with the myth that Achilles was killed by a single arrow to the heel. Funeral rituals are performed for him in the ruins of Troy the next day. The film ends with a speech from Odysseus, "If they ever tell my story, let them say I walked with giants. Men rise and fall like the winter wheat, but these names will never die. Let them say I lived in the time of Hector, tamer of horses. Let them say, I lived, in the time of Achilles."'] ['In 1926, Machinist\'s Mate 1st Class Jake Holman  transfers from the Asiatic Fleet flagship to the Yangtze River Patrol gunboat USS San Pablo.  Life aboard a gunboat is very different. It has a labor system – condoned by officers – wherein coolies  do the work, leaving the sailors free for combat drills and idle bickering. The coolie laborers\' "rice bowl"  is derived from doing the work that the sailors would normally do. Because he personally enjoys taking care of ships\' engines, Holman bucks the "coolie" system, overseeing the operation of the power plant himself - thereby antagonizing not only the chief engine-room coolie, Chien, but his ship-mates as well. Holman\'s "connection" with the engine is conveyed when he personally introduces himself to the apparatus during his first trip to the ship\'s engine room. Although he becomes close friends with one seasoned and sensitive seaman, Frenchy , most of the other members of the crew see Holman\'s attitude as a threat to their cushy arrangement, and accuse him of being a Jonah. Holman discovers a serious defect that the coolies have not fixed. Holman informs the Captain , who declines to authorize an engine shutdown for the repair. Only after the Executive Officer observes the same problem and declares an emergency, does the Captain agree. The chief engine-room coolie, Chien, after insisting upon taking Holman\'s place in the dangerous crank pit, is accidentally killed when the jacking gear slips due to its poor condition. The chief coolie, Lop-eye Shing, blames Holman, who maintains that the death was caused by the deceased coolie\'s own poor work, not by ghosts in the machinery. Holman asks the Captain to allow him to run the engine room properly, but is ordered to train a replacement coolie and concentrate on his military duties. Holman selects Po-han ([[Mako  as the replacement and invests time training him. The two form a friendship. Po-Han is harassed by one sailor , leading to a boxing match on which the crewmen place bets. Po-Han\'s victory leads to more antagonism between Holman and crew members, as well as the chief coolie, who wants to kick Po-Han off the ship but is foiled by Holman. An incident involving British gunboats  leads to the Captain ordering the crew not to fire on, or return fire from the Chinese, to avoid diplomatic incidents. Po-Han is sent ashore by the chief coolie . Po-han is captured and tortured by a mob of Chinese in full view of the crew, only yards from shore. With the crew poised to repel boarders, and under intense pressure, the Captain attempts to negotiate for Po-Han\'s release with offers of American money; his efforts are fruitless. Po-Han begs for someone to kill him. Holman disobeys orders and ends Po-Han\'s suffering with a fatal rifle shot. The San Pablo is stuck in port at Changsha for the winter due to low water levels. It must deal with increasingly hostile crowds surrounding it in numerous smaller boats. The Captain fears a possible mutiny. Frenchy has saved a Chinese woman, Maily , from prostitution by paying her debts. He marries her and sneaks off the ship regularly, but dies of pneumonia one night. Holman searches for him and finds Maily sitting stunned by Frenchy\'s corpse. Kuomintang  burst in, beat up Holman, and drag Maily away. Holman returns to the ship. The next day, several Chinese float out to the San Pablo in small boats and demand the "murderer" Holman be turned over to them. Apparently, the nationalists killed Maily and blamed Holman, trying to provoke an incident. Holman informs the Captain what really happened. When the Chinese demand for Holman is refused, they blockade the San Pablo. The American crew fears for their safety and demand that Holman surrender to the Chinese against the Captain\'s orders. Order is not restored until the Captain fires across the bow of one of the Chinese junks. With spring at hand, the Captain decides to risk an attempt to leave. The San Pablo sails away from the Kuomintang blockade and receives radioed orders to return to the coast. The Captain defies these orders and elects to evacuate idealistic missionary Jameson  and his school teacher assistant Shirley Eckert  from their remote mission up the Yangtze River. To reach the missionaries, the San Pablo must fight through a boom made up of junks carrying a massive rope blocking the river. The San Pablo returns their fire and boards one of the junks. Close-range fighting results in the deaths of several sailors and Chinese. Holman heroically cuts the boom with an axe under fire while other sailors return to the San Pablo. He is attacked and kills a Chinese man with the axe. It turns out that the man, the leader of a Nationalist student group, was known to Holman as a student of Eckert. The ship then proceeds upriver, leaving the smoking wrecks behind. Arriving near the mission, the Captain leads a patrol of three sailors, including Holman, ashore. Jameson resists rescue, claiming that it is the Captain\'s actions that have endangered him, not the Chinese. Jameson shows the Captain a document claiming that he and Eckert have renounced their US citizenship and are therefore not under the Captain\'s authority. The Captain tells him the paper will not matter. The Captain orders Holman to forcibly remove Eckert and Jameson, but Holman refuses the order and announces his intent to stay at the mission with them. The Captain tells Holman angrily that this is desertion. The argument is interrupted by nationalist soldiers who attack the mission and kill Jameson with paper in hand as he approaches them pleading for his life. The Captain takes a large Browning Automatic Rifle , orders the patrol to return to the ship with Miss Eckert, and remains behind to provide covering fire. As the patrol leaves, the Captain is killed, ironically leaving the normally rebellious Holman in command. Holman returns and recovers the rifle. He orders the remaining two sailors to leave with Eckert and takes the Captain\'s place to cover the escape. In the ensuing shootout Holman kills several soldiers before he himself is fatally shot just before he can rejoin the others. His final words are, "I was home... What happened? What the hell happened?!" Eckert and the two remaining sailors are shown successfully escaping to the ship, and the San Pablo is shown cruising off to apparent safety.'] ['The plot, which is based on events covered by several chapters of Brown\'s book as well as other sources, revolves around four main characters: Charles Eastman né Ohiyesa , a young, mixed-race Sioux doctor educated at Dartmouth and Boston University, who is held up as proof of the success of assimilation; Sitting Bull , the Sioux chief who refuses to submit to U.S. government policies designed to strip his people of their identity, their dignity and their sacred land, the gold-laden Black Hills of the Dakotas; Senator Henry Dawes , an architect of government policy for allotment of Indian lands to individual households to force adoption of subsistence farming; and Red Cloud, whose decision to make peace with the American government and go to a reservation disturbed Sitting Bull. While Eastman and his future wife Elaine Goodale , a reformer from New England and Superintendent of Indian Schools in the Dakotas, work to improve life for Indians on the reservation, Senator Dawes lobbies President Ulysses Grant  for more humane treatment of the Indians. He opposes the adversarial stance of General William Tecumseh Sherman . The Dawes Commission http://www.archives.gov/genealogy/heritage/native-american/dawes.html|Commission to the Five Civilized Tribes , 1893-1914 develops a proposal to break up the Great Sioux Reservation to allow for American demands for land while preserving enough land for the Sioux to live on. The Commission\'s plan is held up by Sitting Bull\'s opposition. He has risen to leadership among the Sioux as one of the last chiefs to fight for their independence. Dawes, in turn, urges Eastman to help him convince the recalcitrant tribal leaders. After witnessing conditions on the Sioux reservation, Eastman refuses. The prophet Wovoka  raised Western Indian hopes with his spiritual movement based on a revival of religious practice and the ritual Ghost Dance; it was a messianic movement that promised an end of their suffering under the white man. The assassination of Sitting Bull and the massacre of nearly 200 Indian men, women and children by the 7th Cavalry at Wounded Knee Creek on December 29, 1890 ended such hopes. Henry L. Dawes\' wanted to increase the cultural assimilation of Native Americans into American society by his Dawes Act  and his later efforts as head of the Dawes Commission. During the 47 years of implementing the Act, Native Americans lost about 90 million acres  of treaty land, or about two-thirds of their 1887 land base. About 90,000 Indians were made landless. The Implementation of the Dawes Act disrupted Native American tribes\' communal life, culture, and unity.{{cite book}}Gibson, Arrell M. Gibson. "Indian Land Transfers." Handbook of North American Indians: History of Indian-White Relations, Volume 4. Wilcomb E. Washburn & William C. Sturtevant, eds. Washington DC: Smithsonian Institution, 1988. pp. 226–29'] ["Unnimaya ([[Mohini , a teenage girl, is married to Palakunnath Namboothiri , a man in his sixties as his fourth wife. Unnimaya, an educated girl hailing from kizhakkedath Mana, a progressive family was forced to marry an old man due to various social factors and she finds it hard to adjust with the severe orthodox practices. The sudden death of her husband makes her face the brutal rituals practiced among Namboothriri community. She is made to live a lonely life, away from all colors and celebrations. Kunjunni Namboothiri , the elder son of Palakkunath is the only person who shows compassion and support towards her. Kunjunni is actively involved in reformation among the Namboothiri's and is considered as a rebel among the orthodox community. In was in those days, Unnimaya meets Madhavan  an upcoming Kathakali artist, with whom she fells in love. He makes passionate love to her and gets her pregnant. The orthodox community suffered a shock when they knew about her pregnancy and decides to excommunicate her through Smarthavicharam. A group of senior Namboothiris under the leadership of Moothedath Bhattathiri  conducts rituals which even include physical torture. Unnimaya expects Madhavan to save her, but he denounces her. Realizing his cowardice to face the orthodox society, which may even excommunicate him for being from a lower caste, Nair, Unnimaya gains courage to face the orthodox Namboothiris. She answers back to the questions by them, which make them to excommunicate her by throwing her out of the family. But Kunjunni arrives as her savior. The progressive Yogakshema Sabha but finds his ways too bohemian and dismisses him from the group. Kunjunni support her at his house. Madhavan realizing his mistake arrives to accept Unnimaya, but now she shows him the door claiming that he is not the father of her unborn child. Unnimaya involves in social service and becomes a Congress volunteer deciding to do something for the downtrodden society."] ["The stage manager of a popular music hall is charged with murder. During his confession, we see the story of the music hall and its entertainers in flashback. When the music hall closes down, a trio of unemployed friends vow to bring the business back from the dead by staging a musical they hope will be a hit. If their gamble pays off, they'll have the money to buy the theater for themselves and the power to control their own destinies."] ['Set in the early 17th century, a New England Patuxet is captured by English settlers. He is then returned to England but escapes with a group of men that sell him back to New England, along with Epenow, a Nauset from Martha\'s Vineyard who soon becomes a friend. When in Massachusetts it seems the English and Squanto\'s followers have an argument, leading to the crew being massacred at night. He then finds his village sacked and destroyed and thus meeting the pilgrims at Plymouth Rock, he stops a war from breaking out between them and another Native American group. In Europe, Squanto and Epenow are savages. These are the well-dressed Englishmen, headed by Sir George, the repugnant nobleman who owns the ship and pursues in a ridicule and persecution of the two "creatures" brought back. As a welcome, Squanto gets thrown in a ring with a giant bear. Their battle becomes a spectacle for the English. Using his superior athleticism, Squanto is able to escape, and he rows off on a boat. When he\'s discovered, he\'s lying unconscious on a rocky shore, and his finders are a trio of monks who had been fishing. Squanto is taken into their monastery, in spite of the reluctancy of head Brother Paul. The monk who offers the most open arms, Brother Daniel, becomes a mentor and friend to Squanto. From Brother Daniel, Squanto learns English, and at the same time, he imparts some knowledge about his world to his new housemates, introducing them to mocassins and popcorn. Brother Paul remains skeptical of \'the pagan\' and in any possibility of a "New World". Meanwhile, Sir George firmly believes that Squanto belongs to the Plymouth printing company, and he has men on the hunt. In another cinematic sequence, Squanto pulls off an improbable escape to accompany Epenow and the crew setting sail back to America. What Squanto returns to devastates him. His tribe has been entirely killed off by illness that the Europeans brought. Epenow wishes to turn violent against the English who mistreated them. The Englishmen and Nauset tribe are ready to do battle, but Squanto manages to settle things peacefully. The last scenes of the film portray the first Thanksgiving celebration.'] ['The story stars at the end of World War II in Berlin. Wilhelm Furtwängler  is conducting Beethoven\'s 5th Symphony when yet another Allied bomb raid stops the performance. A minister in Hitler\'s government comes to Furtwängler\'s dressing room to advise him that he should go abroad, and escape the war. The film then jumps to some time after the Allied victory, and we see US General Wallace  task Major Steve Arnold  with "getting" Furtwängler at his denazification hearing: "Find Wilhelm Furtwängler guilty. He represents everything that was rotten in Germany".From film audio, 6 minutes into the film. Arnold gets an office with Lt. David Wills , a German-American Jew, and Emmaline Straube , daughter of an executed member of the German resistance. Arnold questions several musicians, many of whom know Emmaline\'s father and say that Furtwängler refused to give Hitler the Nazi salute. Arnold begins interrogating Furtwängler, asking why he didn\'t leave Germany in 1933 like so many other musicians? Why he played for Hitler\'s birthday? Why he played at a Nazi rally? And why his recording of Bruckner\'s 7th Symphony was used on the radio after Hitler\'s death? Arnold gets a second violinist to tell him about Furtwängler\'s womanizing and the conductor\'s professional jealousy of Herbert von Karajan. In a sub plot, Arnold is assisted by a young Jewish lieutenant from the Big Red One. The young officer begins to have sympathy for the conductor as well as for the young German girl who works as a clerk in their office. This causes friction between Arnold and his job investigating former suspected Nazis. In a voice-over, Arnold explains that Furtwängler was exonerated at the later hearings but boasts his questioning "winged" him. The film closes with actual footage of the real Furtwängler shaking hands with Propaganda Minister Joseph Goebbels after a concert. A close-up then shows the conductor surreptitiously wiping his hands with a cloth after touching the Nazi.'] ['In ancient Egypt, Pharaoh Khufu  is obsessed with preparing his tomb for the "second life". Dissatisfied with his own architects\' offerings, he enlists Vashtar , an ingenious man whose devices nearly saved his own people from being conquered and enslaved by Khufu. Khufu offers to free Vashtar\'s people if he will build Khufu a robber-proof tomb - although Vashtar will have to die when the pyramid-tomb is completed, to guard its secrets. During the years that the pyramid is being built, Pharaoh demands tribute and labor from all his territories, amassing gold and treasures to be interred with him. Princess Nellifer  comes as the ambassador of the tributary province of Cyprus. Claiming her province is poor and cannot afford to pay the assigned tribute, she offers herself to Pharaoh instead. She becomes Khufu\'s second wife. Nellifer questions whether Khufu really had as much gold as he says, so she is shown an enormous hoard of fine gold artifacts and jewels, and more in an inner vault that Khufu is saving for his "second life." She puts on an ornate, jewel encrusted necklace which Khufu angrily demands she remove. When she doesn\'t, he orders Treneh ([[Sydney Chaplin , the captain of the guard, to take it off her and leaves. Later, Nellifer starts an affair with Treneh. who has become besotted with her. One day on the construction site Vashtar\'s son, Senta ([[Dewey Martin , saves Khufu from being crushed to death by a runaway stone block. In order to get the injured Khufu out of the pyramid to help, Senta reveals that he too knows the tomb\'s secrets, knowing that he must now share his father\'s fate. A grateful Pharaoh offers him anything else within his power; Senta chooses Nellifer\'s slave Kyra to save her from being whipped for her fierce independence. Using a cobra obtained from a snake charmer with the help of Treneh, Nellifer plots to assassinate first Queen Nailla and her son Zanin, then Khufu, leaving her to rule Egypt. First, Treneh persuades Khufu that there is a rich hoard of treasure in a tomb far to the north, in order to draw him away from the palace. Then Nellifer gives Zanin a flute to practice and teaches him a tune the snake will be attracted to. Queen Nailla sees the snake approaching Zanin and throws herself on it to save her son. After hearing of the queen\'s death, Khufu sends out investigators to look for snake charmers. Panicking, Nellifer dispatches her servant Mabuna to kill Khufu at the oasis, but Mabuna only manages to wound Khufu before being killed. Suspecting Nellifer, Khufu rushes back to the city. In her chambers he overhears her and Treneh plotting; he kills Treneh in a sword fight, but is himself fatally wounded. During Pharaoh\'s funeral his High Priest and lifelong friend Hamar, , has Nellifer accompany him into the burial chamber because she "must give the order" to seal the sarcophagus. When her order is obeyed, it releases a large stone in a lower chamber, triggering Vashtar\'s mechanism to seal the tomb. Nellifer goes into hysterics when told the tomb is being sealed, realizing she is trapped. "There\'s no way out," Hamar tells her, adding: "This is what you lied and schemed and murdered to achieve. This is your kingdom." Hamar, deeming the tomb truly robber-proof, releases Vashtar and Senta from their death sentence, allowing them to leave Egypt and return to their homeland with their people.'] ["After his wife Empress Myeongseong is assassinated by the Japanese army and under threat of coup d'etat, Gojong the 26th king of Korea’s Joseon Dynasty  briefly seeks refuge at the Russian consulate in 1896. While he is there, he tastes and falls in love with a bittersweet drink that had yet to gain popularity in his homeland: coffee. Upon returning to the throne, King Gojong hires the beautiful and cosmopolitan Tanya  as his personal barista. Tanya becomes involved in a dangerous social circle that involves not only the Russian sniper Ilyich  but also the mysterious socialite known as both Bae Jeong-ja and Sadako . With the Russian army hot on their trail, Tanya and her lover Ilych eventually become ensnared in a plot to assassinate King Gojong that is orchestrated by Sadako, a Korean-Japanese collaborator. Ilych becomes a spy to protect Tanya, who has begun to fall for Gojong while she makes his coffee every day. With her intimate connection to the King, making a drink that could easily conceal poison, Tanya must decide if she will become a pawn in the political battlefield of late 19th century Korea.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}"] ['After completing a tragic mission in which one of the band’s most beloved members is killed, the band’s loyalty to the cause is put to the ultimate test when their leader, Amir  resigns from the Army in disgust. Leaderless and heartsick over their losses, the cadets carry their vendetta for revenge against the Dutch to the high seas in a dangerous mission to Bali, home island of the maimed mute Dayan , where they are sent to kill the Dutch militia Colonel Raymer , who murdered the family of the band’s new leader Tomas  in the opening of RED AND WHITE. Facing the cannons of a Dutch PT boat, the hard-drinking playboy Marius  must overcome his fears as he rivals Tomas for the affections of the starchy aristocrat’s daughter Senja . Arriving in Bali, the band saves the woman Dayu  from the ravages of Colonel Raymer’s KNIL militia, but one of the heroes is nearly killed. As their friend hovers between life and death, the band finds the underground caves of rebel leader Wayan Suta . Tomas clashes with their former commander, Amir  as they plan a final assault against Raymer’s militia, raising the question: how far can the revolution go to defeat evil, and still retain its ideals?'] ['The miniseries tells the story of one of the most ferocious warriors in the world, Attila the Hun, who violently assumes Hun leadership and unites the warring clans under his banner. It also tells the story of Flavius Aetius, one of the so-called "Last of the Romans" who worked vigorously for years to keep the dying Western Roman Empire intact in the face of constant barbarian onslaught.'] ['The year is 1744, and the beautiful young Catherine  is torn from her homeland to marry Peter , the heir to the Russian throne. However his aunt, Elizabeth, Empress of Russia , rules the empire with an iron hand, and Peter proves neither fit for the throne nor the marriage bed. Treated as an outsider and at great risk from enemies who influence her husband, Catherine takes a lover and bears his child. Now, with help of her friend Sir Charles Williams , she must take the throne by force if she, her young son Paul, and the Russian Empire are to survive.'] [' The narrative opens with a Roman soldier fleeing across a snowy landscape, saying, "My name is Quintus Dias. I am a soldier of Rome, and this is neither the beginning, nor the end of my story." It is AD 117 and the Roman garrisons are struggling to conquer the Picts, who inhabit the Scottish Highlands and a large part of the rest of Scotland. Centurion Quintus Dias is the only survivor of a Pictish raid on a Roman garrison and is taken prisoner by Vortix. Agricola, the Roman governor of Britannia, wants to obtain favour with the Roman Senate, hoping to secure a transfer back to the comforts of Rome. He dispatches the Ninth Legion, under General Titus Flavius Virilus, to eradicate the Pictish threat and provides him with a Brigantian scout called Etain. As the legion marches north they encounter Dias and rescue him from three of Gorlacon\'s men. Dias tells Virilus of his encounter with Gorlacon and the general discovers that Dias\' father was a famous gladiator that he had seen fight. Dias befriends two Roman officers, a veteran named Bothos and a young Roman soldier named Thax. Etain betrays the legion to Gorlacon, leading them into a trap where they are annihilated. The general is captured, while Dias, Bothos, and Thax survive, along with four others: "Brick"; two Greco-Roman legionaries named Macros and Leonidas; and Tarak, a cook from the Hindu Kush. They set out to rescue general Virilus and, after a few days\' travel, they find him and sneak in at nightfall. Failing to break his chains, he orders them to leave him and get back to Roman territory. As they retreat, Thax kills Gorlacon\'s young son and recovers Virilus\' helmet. The next morning the general is given a sword and made to duel with Etain, who kills him. The seven plan to travel north  in order to throw the Picts off their trail, then head west, and then south. Meanwhile, Etain, Aeron, Vortix and a detachment of seven Pictish warriors are sent to kill them. After several days\' pursuit they catch up with the fugitives, who jump off a cliff into a river. Tarak is killed before he can jump, Macros and Thax become separated from the others and see a wolf close-by. Dias and his group camp for the night, while their trackers set up camp nearby. Dias and Brick launch a night raid on the enemy camp, killing two men and severely wounding a third, but cannot find Etain. Dias learns of the death of Gorlacon\'s son, and that the king has sworn vengeance on their heads. Etain is absent, as she has launched her own attack on the Roman\'s campsite. Dias and Brick return to their camp, only to discover that Leonidas has been killed and Bothos injured. Macros and Thax are running from a wolf pack. Thax falls, with the wolves in close pursuit, and cries out to his comrade for help. Macros returns to help him and Thax slices through Macros\' hamstrings to prevent him from standing, allowing Thax to escape while the wolves attack and devour Macros. Dias, Bothos and Brick find a hut in the forest where they befriend Arianne, a Pict exile accused of witchcraft. She shelters them, provides food and medical attention. When Etain comes the following day, Arianne confronts her while the Romans hide in her grain store under the floorboards. The next morning they leave Arianne, who provides them with enough food to travel to a nearby Roman garrison. They find the garrison abandoned, an order pinned to a post says that the Roman troops have retreated south, by the orders of Emperor Hadrian. As they see Etain and her group of Picts approach, they set up a defensive position inside the fort. Bothos kills Vortix and a female warrior, Dias kills two Picts, and Brick kills Aeron and the last Pict warrior; however, before the Picts are defeated, Brick is killed by a spear thrown by Etain who Dias then kills. Dias and Bothos continue southwards and are reunited with Thax. Upon reaching Hadrian\'s Wall, Thax threatens Dias and they fight, with Dias killing Thax. Bothos, joyfully riding towards the Romans, is mistaken for a Pict and shot by an archer. When Dias enters the camp he reports to governor Agricola, who is concerned that news of the Legion\'s annihilation may cause other tribes to rise up against them. He is also fearful of his record being tainted by a military failure, and decides that the Ninth Legion\'s fate should remain a mystery and Dias must be killed. Dias manages to foil the attempt on his life, though he is grievously wounded in the thigh during the fracas, and Agricola\'s daughter tells him that he is too much of a risk. He escapes the camp and returns to Arianne in the forest. As the weakened Dias lies in her arms by the stream, he and Arianne kiss. The film ends with Quintus Dias adjusting the narrative of the film\'s opening line, "My name is Quintus Dias. I am a fugitive of Rome, and this is neither the beginning, nor the end of my story."'] ["Paul Julius Reuter  starts a messenger service using homing pigeons to fill a gap in the telegraph network spanning Europe, but has difficulty convincing anyone to subscribe. When poison is sent to a hospital by mistake, Reuter's message saves the day . However, he is persuaded by Ida Magnus , the pretty daughter of Dr. Magnus , to keep it quiet, as a scandal would undo all the good work the doctors are doing. Finally though, Reuter is finally able to convince bankers that he can provide them with financial information much more quickly than by any other means. He is particularly pleased and surprised by how reliable his lifelong, lackadaisical friend Max Wagner  has become at the Brussels office, until his associate Franz Geller  informs him that Ida had, while there on a visit, taken over and run the place. Reuter sends a message by pigeon, asking her to marry him. She sends one back with her assent. When the telegraph network finally fills the gap Reuter's business had been exploiting, he realizes that he can use the employees he has in place all over Europe to gather the news and sell it to the newspapers. Once again, he encounters resistance, particularly from John Delane , influential editor of The Times, but overcomes it by persuading Louis Napoleon III  to allow him to disseminate the text of an extremely important speech at the same time as it is being presented. Later, a rival company appears; Anglo Irish secretly builds a telegraph line in Ireland that gives it a two hour lead in getting news from ships coming from America. Reuter borrows money from his client and good friend, Sir Randolph Persham , and builds his own line, one that extends further west and gets the news even quicker. Its first use is to announce the assassination of President Lincoln. As nobody knows about Reuter's new telegraph line, he is accused of making the tragedy up in order to manipulate the stock market; even Sir Randolph believes the rumors at first. The matter is brought up in the British Parliament, but Reuter is vindicated when slower services confirm his story."] ['During 1904, Morocco is the source of conflict by the powers of Imperial Germany, France, and the British Empire, all of whom are trying to establish a sphere of influence in that country. Mulai Ahmed er Raisuli is the commander of a band of Berber insurrectionists opposed to the young Sultan Abdelaziz and his uncle, the Bashaw  of Tangier, whom Raisuli considers as corrupt and beholden to the Europeans. He kidnaps Eden Pedecaris and her children, William and Jennifer, in a raid on their home, during which Sir Joshua Smith, a British friend of Eden\'s, was killed. Raisuli then issues an outrageous ransom demand, deliberately attempting to provoke an international incident in order to embarrass the Sultan and start a civil war. In the United States, President Theodore Roosevelt is struggling for re-election. He decides to use the kidnapping as both political propaganda  and as an effort to demonstrate America\'s military strength as a new power—despite the protests of his cautious Secretary of State, John Hay. The American Consul to Tangier, Samuel Gummere, is unable to negotiate a peaceful return of the hostages, so Roosevelt sends the South Atlantic Squadron, under the command of Admiral French Ensor Chadwick, to Tangier, either to retrieve Pedecaris themselves or to force the Sultan to accede to Raisuli\'s demands. During the story, however, Roosevelt finds himself gaining more and more respect for Raisuli, thinking him an honorable man who just happens to be his enemy. The Pedecarises are kept as hostages by the Raisuli in the Rif, far from any potential rescuers. Though her children seem to admire Raisuli, Eden finds him "a brigand and a lout." The Pedecarises attempt an escape, helped by one of Raisuli\'s men, but they are betrayed and given to a gang of desert thieves. Luckily, Raisuli has tracked them and kills the kidnappers with rifle and sword. He reveals that he does not have any intention of harming the Pedecarises and is merely bluffing. Eden and Raisuli become enamored of each other as Raisuli reveals his story — that he was once taken captive by his brother, the Bashaw, and kept in a dungeon for several years. Gummere, Chadwick and his aide, Marine Captain Jerome, tire of the Sultan\'s perfidy and the meddling of the European powers and decide to engage in "military intervention" to force a negotiation by seizing the actual seat of power, the Bashaw\'s palace in Tangier. Jerome\'s company of Marines, supported by a small detachment of sailors, march through the streets of Tangier, much to the surprise of the European legations, whose forces are with the Sultan at distant Fez, and overwhelm the Bashaw\'s palace guard, taking the Bashaw hostage and forcing him to negotiate. By such coercion, the Bashaw finally agrees to accede to the Raisuli\'s demands. But during a hostage exchange, Raisuli is betrayed and captured by German and Moroccan troops under the command of Von Roerkel, while Jerome and a small contingent of Marines are present to secure the Pedecarises. While Raisuli\'s friend, the Sherif of Wazan, organizes the Berber tribe for an attack on the Europeans and Moroccans, Eden attacks Jerome and convinces him and his men to rescue the Raisuli to uphold the word of President Roosevelt that he would be unharmed if the Pedecarises were returned safely. A three-way battle results, in which the Berbers and Americans team to defeat the Germans and their Moroccan allies, rescuing Raisuli in the process. In the United States, Roosevelt is cheered for this great victory, and the Pedecarises arrive safely back in Tangier. Roosevelt reads a letter he received from Raisuli, comparing the two men : "I , like the lion, must stay in my place, while you, like the wind, will never know yours."'] ['The story of Queen Joanna of Castile, known as "Juana la loca," and her husband Philip I of Castile, also known as "Philip the handsome."'] ["At the West Point Military Academy in 1854, Cadet Carl Rader  , a disciple of the fanatic abolitionist John Brown, is dishonorably discharged for conspiracy. His classmates Jeb Stuart  and George Custer  become second lieutenants and are posted to Fort Leavenworth, Kansas Territory, the most dangerous duty in the army. On the way to Kansas, Custer and Stuart meet Cyrus K. Holliday, in charge of building the railroad to Santa Fe, New Mexico, and his daughter Kit , with whom both officers fall in love. The Kansas Territory is bloodstained and war-torn, a victim of John Brown's relentless crusade against slavery. Meanwhile, Rader has enlisted as a mercenary in Brown's army, which has been terrorizing the countryside with bloody raids. During Brown's attack on a freight wagon under the protection of the U.S. Army, Stuart and Custer capture Brown's injured son Jason, and before dying, the troubled boy informs them about his father's hideout at Shubel Morgan's ranch in Palmyra. In disguise, Stuart rides into Palmyra, the center of the underground railroad, but is recognized by Rader, who takes him at gunpoint to Brown . While trying to escape, Stuart is trapped in a burning barn but is saved as Custer leads the cavalry to the rescue and drives Brown into seclusion. Believing that Brown's force has been broken, Stuart and Custer are sent back to Washington, D.C., where Stuart proposes to Kit. However, far from being defeated, Brown is planning to ignite war by raiding the arsenal at Harper's Ferry, Virginia. When Brown refuses to pay Rader for his services, Rader rides to Washington to alert Stuart of Brown's plans, and the troops arrive just in time to crush the rebellion and hang Brown."] [' The first episode opens with a cold winter in Boston on the night of the Boston Massacre. It portrays John Adams arriving at the scene following the gunshots from British soldiers firing upon a mob of Boston citizens. Adams, a respected lawyer in his mid-30s known for his belief in law and justice, is therefore summoned by the accused Redcoats. Their commander, Captain Thomas Preston asks him to defend them in court. Reluctant at first, he agrees despite knowing this will antagonize his neighbors and friends. Adams is depicted to have taken the case because he believed everyone deserves a fair trial and he wanted to uphold the standard of justice. Adams\' cousin Samuel Adams is one of the main colonists opposed to the actions of the British government. He is one of the executive members of the Sons of Liberty, an anti-British group of agitators. Adams is depicted as a studious man doing his best to defend his clients. The show also illustrates Adams\' appreciation and respect for his wife, Abigail. In one scene, Adams is shown having his wife proofread his research as he takes her suggestions. After many sessions of court, the jury returns verdicts of not guilty of murder for each defendant.. The episode also illustrates the growing tensions over the Coercive Acts, and Adams\' election to the First Continental Congress.  The second episode covers the disputes among the members of the Second Continental Congress towards declaring independence from Great Britain as well as the final drafting of the Declaration of Independence. At the continental congresses he is depicted as the lead advocate for independence. He is in the vanguard in establishing that there is no other option than to break off and declare independence. He is also instrumental in the selection of then-Colonel George Washington as the new head of the Continental Army. However, in his zeal for immediate action, he manages to alienate many of the other founding fathers, going so far as to insult a peace-loving Quaker member of the Continental Congress, implying that the man suffers from a religiously based moral cowardice, making him a "snake on his belly". Later, Benjamin Franklin quietly chastens Adams, saying, "It is perfectly acceptable to insult a man in private and he may even thank you for it afterwards but when you do so publicly, it tends to make them think you are serious." This points out Adams\' primary flaw: his bluntness and lack of gentility toward his political opponents, one that would make him many enemies and which would eventually plague his political career. It would also, eventually, contribute to historians\' disregard for his many achievements.   In Episode 3, Adams travels to Europe during the war seeking alliances with foreign nations, during which the ship transporting him battles a British frigate. It first shows his embassy with Benjamin Franklin in the court of Louis XVI of France. The old French nobility—at this stage in history in the last decade before the French Revolution consumes them—are portrayed as effete and decadent. They meet cheerfully with Franklin, seeing him as a romantic figure, little noting the democratic infection he brings with him. Adams, on the other hand, is a plain spoken and faithful man , who finds himself out of his depth surrounded by the entertainment- and sex-driven degeneracy which masks a highly sophisticated and subtle culture among the French elite. Adams finds himself at sharp odds with his friend Benjamin Franklin, who has adapted himself to French degeneracy, seeking to obtain by seduction what Adams would gain through histrionics. Franklin sharply rebukes Adams for his lack of diplomatic acumen, calling Adams\'s approach a "direct insult followed by a petulant whine." Franklin ultimately has Adams removed from any position of diplomatic authority in Paris.  Adams, dismayed but learning from his mistakes, then travels to the Dutch Republic to obtain monetary support for the Revolution. Though the Dutch agreed with the American cause, they do not at first consider the new union a reliable and trustworthy client. At last, there is success at Yorktown, as the revolution is won and the Dutch financiers come through with the first loan to the American government. Adams ends his time in the Netherlands in a state of progressive illness.  The fourth episode shows John Adams being notified of the end of the Revolutionary War and the defeat of the British. He is then sent to Paris to negotiate the Treaty of Paris in 1783. While overseas, he spends time with Benjamin Franklin and Thomas Jefferson and Abigail visits him. Franklin informs John Adams that he was appointed as the first United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom and thus has to relocate to the British Court of St. James\'s. John Adams is poorly received by the British during this time—he is the representative for a recently hostile power, and represents in his person what many British at the time regarded as a disastrous end to its early Empire. He meets with his former sovereign, King George III, and while the meeting is not a disaster, he is excoriated in British newspapers. In 1789, he returns to Massachusetts for the first Presidential Election. George Washington is elected the first President of the United States and John Adams as the first Vice President.  The fifth episode begins with John Adams presiding over the Senate and the debate over what to call the new President. It depicts Adams as frustrated in this role: His opinions are ignored and he has no actual power, except in the case of a tied vote. He\'s excluded from George Washington\'s inner circle of cabinet members, and his relationships with Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton are strained. Even Washington himself gently rebukes him for his efforts to "royalize" the office of the Presidency. A key event shown is the struggle to enact the Jay Treaty with Britain, which Adams himself must ratify before a deadlocked Senate . The episode concludes with his inauguration as the second president—and his subsequent arrival in a plundered executive mansion.  The sixth episode covers Adams\'s term as president and the rift between the Hamilton-led Federalists and Jefferson-led Democratic-Republicans. Adams\'s neutrality pleases neither side and often angers both. His shaky relationship with his vice president, Thomas Jefferson, is intensified after taking defensive actions against the French because of failed diplomatic attempts and the signing of the Alien and Sedition Acts. However, Adams also alienates himself from the anti-French Alexander Hamilton after taking all actions possible to prevent a war with France. Adams disowns his son Charles, who soon dies as an alcoholic vagrant. Late in his Presidency, Adams sees success with his campaign of preventing a war with France, but his success is clouded after losing the presidential election of 1800. After receiving so much bad publicity while in office, Adams lost the election against his Vice-President, Thomas Jefferson, and runner-up Aaron Burr . This election is now known as the Revolution of 1800. Adams leaves the Presidential Palace , retiring to his personal life in Massachusetts, in March 1801.  The final episode covers Adams\'s retirement years. His home life is full of pain and sorrow as his daughter, Nabby, dies of breast cancer and Abigail succumbs to typhoid fever. Adams does live to see the election of his son, John Quincy, as president, but is too ill to attend the inauguration. Adams and Jefferson are reconciled through correspondence in their last years, and both die mere hours apart on the 50th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence ([[Independence Day ; Jefferson was 83, Adams was 90.'] [" The first episode opens to reveal a dying Henry VII mistaking his heir Henry VIII for his late son Arthur Tudor. Concerned for the fragile chances of his family’s dynasty, the dying king implores his son to marry his brother's widow Katherine of Aragon and have a son to secure the family line. Fifteen years later Henry VIII is the most popular King to ever sit on the throne, but he still does not have a son by his Queen, only a daughter Mary. Elsewhere at Hever Castle in Kent the Boleyn Family celebrate the engagement of their daughter Anne to Henry Percy the future Earl of Northumberland. The head of the family the Duke of Norfolk assures her father, Thomas Boleyn, that he has the king's ear on the match and that he will give them permission to marry. But once the roving eye of the king falls upon Anne, he quickly finds a reason for the marriage to be cancelled and wastes no time in persuading her for himself, even riding from his secluded coastal castle to Kent during an outbreak of illness. Resolved that Anne will not become his mistress, but his wife, the King instructs his chancellor Cardinal Wolsey to find a way for his marriage to his devoted wife to be annulled, prompting two opportunistic Protestants reformers, Thomas Cromwell and Thomas Cranmer, to provide a way for the king to marry Anne Boleyn and bring untold wealth to his pocket but only if he breaks with the Catholic Church. Finally, his wife Anne is soon pregnant, only for Henry's hopes to be dashed. Instead of the longed for son and heir, Anne delivers a daughter, Elizabeth, and Henry's ardor cools towards her, even more so when he meets the sister of two of his courtiers, Jane Seymour. Despite the growing tensions between the King and Queen, Anne becomes pregnant once more but goes into premature labor and delivers a stillborn son. The first episode ends with an angry King Henry demanding Cromwell get rid of Anne which results in her subsequent trial and execution.  The second episode begins with Jane Seymour being dressed for her wedding and her subsequent introduction to the people who take her to their hearts, whilst the King and Cromwell differ on the dissolution of the monasteries which have angered the English Catholics and united them into a huge army to march on London in protest calling it, the Pilgrimage of Grace, headed by the King's former comrade Robert Aske whom the King tricks into incriminating himself into treason and is sentenced to a gruesome traitor's death. Meanwhile the country is on edge as the heavily pregnant Queen goes into labour and finally gives birth to a son much to Henry's joy although it is cut short when the Queen dies. Two years after the Queen's death, Cromwell, whose power has steadily risen through the days of Anne Boleyn encourages the King to consider marrying the Protestant Anne of Cleves but once he sets sights on her, the King is repulsed and immediately seeks a way out of the marriage. Sensing the decline of Protestant influence the Duke of Norfolk devises a way to snatch the reign to power and arranges for his teenage niece Catherine Howard to enchant the increasingly obese and terrifying King and to eventually marry him. It soon transpires that the young Queen has a promiscuous history and is carrying it on with a man in the king's service which the Protestant reformers seize as their opportunity to rid themselves of the Catholic faction. The Queen and her family are arrested and the young Queen dies at the hands of the executioner, like her cousin Anne Boleyn. With the demise of Catholic peers the reformers take the opportunity to consolidate their powers, enhanced by the wedding of the king to Catherine Parr who attempts to unite the royal family. The film closes as the King reflects on his past loves. His obsession with Anne Boleyn, his quiet but steady affection for Jane Seymour, and his lust for the young Catherine Howard. Finally the king's over indulgent lifestyle catches up with him and he suffers a seizure and later dies in a scene reminiscent of the films opening, imploring his son to be successful as a man before he can be successful as a king. He dies with his son and last wife beside him. The closing scene of the film provides a summary of the lives of the remaining characters, the summary is as follows. The Duke of Norfolk escaped death. In time he was released from the Tower, given a full pardon and regained all his lands and power. Edward became King Edward VI, but his health was frail. He died of consumption aged fifteen. Edward Seymour, Lord Protector of England, ruled by proxy until 1551 when he was imprisoned in the Tower and beheaded. Thomas Seymour did finally marry Katherine Parr, but broke her heart when he attempted to seduce the fourteen year old Princess Elizabeth. He was executed for treason in 1549. Bloody Mary came to the throne in 1553. She burned hundreds of Protestants as heretics and died embittered and unloved in 1558. Anne of Cleves outlived all the wives. Widely liked and respected, she was buried rich and popular with full honours. Thomas Cranmer continued to lay the foundations for the Church of England, only to be arrested on the orders of Mary I and burnt as a heretic. And what of Henry? After a lifelong struggle to give England an heir, his glorious successor was not a son, but a daughter. Elizabeth I, daughter of Henry and Anne Boleyn came to the throne in 1558 and ruled England for 45 years."] ['God Is My Co-Pilot was based on the best-selling autobiography by fighter pilot Col. Robert Lee Scott Jr. , who fought in the Pacific during World War II. At 34, Scott was considered too old to fly in combat, but he volunteered for a secret bombing raid from the Philippines against the Japanese capital of Tokyo. When the mission is cancelled after he arrives in India, Scott flies transport aircraft over The Hump into China. Scott persuades Claire Chennault , the leader of the Flying Tigers to let him fly with the airmen such as "Tex" Hill  who have been fighting the Japanese as a mercenary air force. Scott gets his chance to fight, ultimately engaging in combat with the deadly fictional Japanese pilot known as "Tokyo Joe" .'] ["Thyagayya  is a villager composing devotional music to Rama while rejecting the court of Serfoji, Maharajah of Tanjore , the dominant cultural center of the region. Turning down invitations and gifts from the Maharajah, he provokes the jealous wrath of his brother Japesen . The film's climax comes when Japesen destroys Rama's idols, Thyagaraja resurrects them eventually and sacrifices his life to his God."] ['In October 1962, U-2 surveillance photos reveal that the Soviet Union is in the process of placing missiles carrying nuclear weapons in Cuba. These weapons have the capability of wiping out most of the Eastern and Southern United States in minutes if they become operational. President John F. Kennedy  and his advisers must come up with a plan of action to prevent their activation. Kennedy is determined to show that the United States will not allow a missile threat in its virtual back yard. The Joint Chiefs of Staff advise immediate U.S. military strikes against the missile sites followed by an invasion of Cuba. However, Kennedy is reluctant to attack and invade because it would very likely cause the Soviets to invade Berlin. Citing The Guns of August, Kennedy sees an analogy to the events that started World War I, where the tactics of both sides commanders had not evolved since the previous war and were obsolete, only this time nuclear weapons are involved. War appears to be almost inevitable. The Kennedy administration tries to find a solution that will remove the missiles but avoid an act of war. They settle on a step less than a blockade, which is formally regarded as an act of war. They settle on what they publicly describe as a quarantine. They announce that the U.S. Naval forces will stop all ships entering Cuban waters and inspect them to verify they are not carrying weapons destined for Cuba. The Soviet Union sends mixed messages in response. John A. Scali, a reporter with ABC News, is contacted by Soviet "emissary" Aleksandr Fomin , and through this back-channel communication method the Soviets offer to remove the missiles in exchange for public assurances from the U.S. that it will never invade Cuba. A long message in the same tone as the informal communication from Fomin, apparently written personally by Soviet Premier Nikita Khrushchev, is received. This is followed by a second, more hard line cable in which the Soviets offer a deal involving U.S removal of its Jupiter missiles from Turkey. The Kennedy administration interprets the second as a response from the Politburo, and in a risky act, decides to ignore it and respond to the first message, assumed to be from Khrushchev. There are several mis-steps during the crisis: the defense readiness level of Strategic Air Command  is raised to DEFCON 2 , without informing the President; a nuclear weapon test proceeds  and a routine test launch of a U.S. offensive missile is also carried out without the President\'s knowledge. After much deliberation with the Executive Committee of the National Security Council, Kennedy secretly agrees to remove all Jupiter missiles from southern Italy and in Turkey, the latter on the border of the Soviet Union, in exchange for Khrushchev removing all missiles in Cuba. Off the shores of Cuba, the Soviet ships turn back from the quarantine lines. Secretary of State Dean Rusk  says, "We\'re eyeball to eyeball and I think the other fellow just blinked."'] ["The film is a historical tragedy set during the opening stages of Israel's 1948 War of Independence. The film follows the fate of a group of refugees from the Holocaust who are illegally brought to Israel by the Palmach. When they arrive, they are chased by British soldiers. Once they escape, they are immediately drafted into the war, and take part in a grueling battle against Arab irregulars. The film centers on two long monologues, one by an Arab peasant who pledges to oppose the Jews forever; and one by an emotionally demolished refugee who laments the seemingly endless suffering of his people. Gitai intended the film to be a more realistic answer to the romanticized depiction of the war in Otto Preminger's Exodus. The final shot of Kedma is identical to the final shot of Preminger's film."] ["The film is told in a flashback format with Gage, now living in the United States, returning to his native Greece to solve the mystery of his mother's death when he was a child. The film looks back to the effect of the 1940s Greek Civil War on the remote Greek village of his upbringing, and he investigates what happened to his mother after Communist guerrillas invade the village."] ['The film tells the story of the Tuskegee experiment, a U.S. Federal Government secret medical experiment on poor African Americans in the years 1932-1972, designed to study the effects of untreated syphilis. The story is told from the perspective of the small town nurse Eunice Evers  who is well aware of the lack of treatment, but feels her role is to console the involved men, many of whom are her direct friends.'] ['The film begins during the French Revolution with the aged Marquis d\'Apcher  as the narrator, writing his memoirs in a castle, while the voices of a mob can be heard from outside. The film flashes back to 1764http://www.imdb.com/reviews/303/30329.html when a mysterious beast terrorized the province of Gévaudan and nearby lands. Grégoire de Fronsac , a knight and the royal taxidermist of King Louis XV of France, and his Iroquois companion Mani , arrive in Gévaudan to capture the beast. Upon arrival, they rescue Jean Chastel, an aged healer , and his daughter  from an attack by soldiers. The young and enlightened Thomas, Marquis d\'Apcher , befriends them and assists their investigation. Fronsac is initially skeptical about the beast\'s existence, since survivors describe it as much larger than any wolf he has ever seen. However, by studying the bite size on a victim of the beast, he deduces that it must weigh roughly 500&nbsp;lb . Captain Duhamel , an army officer leading the hunt for the beast, has killed dozens of ordinary wolves, but has not come close to the actual killer. While staying in Gévaudan, Fronsac romances Marianne de Morangias , the daughter of a local count, whose brother, Jean-François , was also an avid hunter and a world traveler, before losing one arm to a lion in Africa. Fronsac is also intrigued by Sylvia , an Italian courtesan at the local brothel. While investigating another victim, Fronsac finds a fang made of steel, and his doubts of the Beast\'s existence thicken. Another witness swears that the Beast is controlled by a human master. Fronsac studies the patterns of the attacks and victims, trying to find a common thread and reveal a murderer. As the investigation proves to be unfruitful, the king\'s weapons master, Lord de Beauterne , arrives to put an end to the Beast. But instead of doing so, Beauterne kills an ordinary wolf and tells Fronsac to alter the corpse so it resembles the monster accordingly. Fronsac hesitantly does so, and the bogus wolf is sent back to Paris, where it is put on display, much to the pleasure of the king and the French aristocracy.  In Paris, the king\'s advisor shows Fronsac a copy of a book titled L\'Édifiante ["The Edifying"] with treasonous theories, stating the Beast has come to punish the King of France for his indulgence of the philosophers, and that the modern embrace of science over religion is heresy. Fronsac realizes that the Beast is an instrument of a secret society, The Brotherhood of the Wolf, working to undermine public confidence in the king and ultimately take over the country. Fronsac is told that "officially" the Beast is dead, warned to keep his mouth shut, and bribed with an appointment to travel to Senegal. Back in Gévaudan, the attacks by the real Beast continue. Ignoring his orders, Fronsac returns to Gévaudan, determined to put an end to the Beast\'s killings, and also to take Marianne away. Upon his return, the Beast attacks and he sees it with his own eyes. It kills a man, but mysteriously refrains from attacking Marianne. Fronsac, Mani, and the Marquis set out into the forest and set up an array of traps to capture the Beast, but it proves to be too powerful and intelligent to be captured by anything they can set up. After a violent encounter, Mani sets off solo in pursuit, where he finds a catacomb used as the Beast\'s holding pen, inhabited by the Brotherhood and a band of Gypsies working with them. These include, ironically, Chastel, the Beast\'s tender, and his daughter, whom Mani saved. Outnumbered and distracted by the daughter, Mani is shot in the back, overwhelmed and killed, but not before slaughtering a good number of his attackers. Fronsac is broken when he discovers his best friend has been murdered. Performing an autopsy, he finds a silver bullet, Jean-François\'s signature weapon. In a fit of rage he goes to the catacombs and seeks revenge, finding a pile of copies of L\'Édifiante. He kills many of the Gypsies and discovers the Beast\'s lair before leaving so that he can burn Mani\'s body at dawn. After collecting Mani\'s ashes, he is then overpowered by the local authorities and imprisoned. Sylvia visits him in jail and reveals to him that she is a spy for the Vatican. The local priest, Henri Sardis , is the leader of the Brotherhood, believing that he is restoring worship of God to France. Pope Clement XIII has decided that Sardis is insane, and sent her to eliminate him. She then poisons Fronsac, telling him he knows too much. Fronsac is presumed dead, and buried, when in fact Sylvia\'s poison has only put him into a temporary coma. Henri Sardis wants to kill Marianne, and he persuades Jean-François to do so . Jean-François comes to Marianne\'s room and reveals to her that he is the Beast\'s master; it recognized his scent when it came near her, which is why it did not attack. He also reveals that his right arm is in fact intact, albeit badly scarred, and he has kept it hidden for no apparent reason other than to fool the audience . Jean-François then rapes and nearly kills Marianne. Sylvia\'s agents exhume Fronsac and he appears at one of the Brotherhood\'s secret sermons. In the climactic battle, he kills several Gypsies and duels Jean-François to the death. The other members of the Brotherhood attempt to flee, but they are corralled and arrested by Captain Duhamel and his men. Sylvia personally kills the Chastel\'s daughter. Sardis escapes into the mountains, but is mauled to death by a pack of wolves , in an example of poetic justice. Fronsac attempts to heal Marianne with a potion carried by Mani. He and the marquis Thomas go to the Beast\'s lair, where being tended to by the veterinarian, it lies grievously wounded after the fight in the forest. It turns out the Beast was an offspring of a "strange beast" that Jean-François brought back from Africa . It was tortured into becoming vicious, trained to attack humans, and dressed in metal armor plating and spikes along with a large mask and metal implants in its jaw to make it more formidable and frightening. Fronsac takes pity on the dying creature and kills the Beast in an act of mercy. The film then returns to the opening time period of the French Revolution. The now-elderly Marquis d\'Apcher finishes writing his account of the killings, just before he is led to his execution by a revolutionary mob. In the final scene, the Marquis has a flashback, in which he narrates that he does not know what happened to Fronsac and Marianne but he hopes that somewhere, they are happy together. Fronsac is shown traveling to Senegal with Marianne to start a new life together, scattering Mani\'s ashes at sea. It is left unstated whether the two are alive and happy or whether this is indeed the Marquis\' dream.'] ["Near the end of the second world war, Sadazo Morikawa  is one of a group of 100 overaged conscripts for the Japanese navy assigned to cleaning duty. Once the cleaning duty has finished, the members are chosen by lottery for various duties. Sadazo is assigned to serve in the Philippines. He thinks he will not survive, and asks a comrade, Matsuyama  to return a postcard to his wife, Tomoko , and tell her that he received it before he died. Earlier, Sadazo is conscripted, and he says goodbye to his parents Yukichi  and Chiyo  and wife Tomoko. Later, a military official reports Sadazo's death. Sadazo's parents plead with Tomoko not to leave, and to marry their younger son Sanpei . Tomoko agrees to marry Sanpei. Sanpei is conscripted. He considers running away but his parents tell him it is useless. Sanpei dies in the war. Later, during farm work, Yukichi dies from a heart condition. Chiyo gives Tomoko some money and then hangs herself. The war ends and Matsuyama returns to Japan. His wife has run away and is now working as a bar hostess in Osaka. They meet and argue, and she tells him she wishes he had died in the war. Matsuyama makes his way to Tomoko's house to deliver the postcard. He talks about Sadazo and tells her he plans to go to Brazil because his wife started a relationship with his father. He has 200,000 yen from the sale of his fishing boat, and he tries to give her half. She refuses. He has a fight with Kichigoro , another suitor of Tomoko. After Tomoko and Matsuyama quarrel, they agree to go to Brazil together. They burn Sadazo and Sanpei's ashes. Tomoko gets drunk and sets fire to the house. Matsuyama pulls her out of the burning house. They decide to stay in Japan and grow barley on the site of the old house. The film ends with them in the field of barley."] ['In March 1685, Louis XIV’s final wife Madame de Maintenon wishes to set up a boarding school for young daughters of noble families that have fallen on hard times, the Maison royale de Saint-Louis, a school where girls receive a pious but liberal education. The first difficulty is that the students from the provinces all speak different regional languages and dialects and the first task is to teach them all to speak a standardised Parisian French. After a few years of indifference, the school’s first aims prove impossible to attain. An important crisis arises from a performance by the students of an extract from Iphigenie by Racine. This provokes too much passion among the actors and so Madame de Maintenon asks Racine to write her a play for her students that praises virtue – this proves to be Esther. The students put on the new play and, when the king and his court attend the production, Madame de Maintenon realises that this had made the nobles of the court view her protégées as targets for seduction and marriage. Marriage proposals mount up and one nobleman even manages to break into the school. Madame de Maintenon decides to impose stricter rules and plunges into religion in an attempt to expiate her past. She asks an abbot to help her keep students on the right Christian moral path and keep them safe from the world. Instead of turning its students into an elite for the world outside, the school falls prey to realities, cuts itself off from reality and falls apart – the film ends with its final failure and closure.'] [':Note: The following synopsis refers to the original, 205&nbsp;minute version of the film. Andrei Rublev is divided into seven chapters and a prologue and an epilogue only loosely related to the main film. The main film charts the life of the great icon painter through several episodes of his life. The background is 15th century Russia, a turbulent period characterized by fighting between rival princes and the Tatar invasions. The film\'s prologue shows the preparations for a hot air balloon ride. The balloon takes off from the roof of a church, with a man named Yefim  roped beneath the balloon, at the very moment of arrival of an ignorant mob trying to thwart the flight. The man is highly delighted by the sight from the air, but can not prevent a crash landing. Yefim is the first of several creative characters, representing the daring escapist, whose hopes are easily crushed. After the crash, a horse is seen lolling by a pond, a symbol of life &mdash; one of many horses in the movie. The Jester, Summer 1400: Andrei , Danil  and Kirill  are wandering monks, looking for work. The three represent different creative characters. Andrei is the observer, a humanistic artist who searches for the good in people and wants to inspire and not frighten. Danil is withdrawn and resigned, and not as bent on creativity as on self-realization. Kirill lacks talent, yet strives to achieve prominence. He is jealous, self-righteous, very intelligent and perceptive. The three have just left the Andronikov Monastery, where they have lived many years, heading to Moscow. During a heavy rain they seek shelter in a barn, where a group of villagers is being entertained by a jester . The jester, or skomorokh, is a bitterly sarcastic enemy of the state and the Church, who is earning a living with his scathing and obscene social commentary and by making fun of the Boyars. He ridicules the monks as they come in, and after some time Kirill leaves unnoticed. Shortly, the skomorokh is picked up by a group of soldiers, knocked out headfirst against a tree and taken away. Theophanes the Greek, Summer-Winter-Spring-Summer 1405–1406: Kirill arrives at the Theophanes the Greek\'s workshop, where Theophanes the Greek , a prominent and well-recognized master, is working on another of his icons. Theophanes the Greek is portrayed as a complex character: an established artist, humanistic and God-fearing in his views yet somewhat cynical, regarding his art more as a craft and a chore in his disillusion with other people. His young apprentices have all run away to the town square, where a convicted criminal is about to be tortured and executed in public. Kirill talks to Theophanes, and the artist, impressed by his erudition, invites him to work as an apprentice on the decoration of Cathedral of the Annunciation in Moscow. Kirill refuses at first, but then accepts the offer on the only condition that Theophanes will personally come to the Andronikov Monastery and invite Kirill to work with him in view of all the fraternity and Andrei Rublev. The three monks are back at the Andronikov Monastery. Theophanes the Greek sends a messenger to Andrei to ask him for his assistance in decorating Cathedral of the Annunciation. Both Danil and Kirill are agitated by the recognition Andrei experiences. Danil refuses to accompany Andrei and reproaches him for accepting Theophanes\'s offer without considering his fellows, but soon repents of his temper and wishes Andrei well. Kirill is jealous and in great anger, and he leaves the monastery for the secular world, throwing the accusations of greed in the face of the monks. Andrei leaves for Moscow with his young apprentice Foma . Foma is another creative character, representing the light-hearted and practical-minded commercial artist. Still he seems to be contemplative enough to get along with Andrei. The Passion According to Andrei, 1406: While walking in the woods, Andrei and Foma have a conversation about Foma\'s faults, especially lying. While Foma has talent as an artist, he is less concerned with the deeper meaning of his work and more concerned with practical aspects of the job, like perfecting his azure, a colour which in painting was often considered unstable to mix. They encounter Theophanes in the forest, and the old master sends Foma away. As he leaves, the apprentice finds a dead bird and pokes it. We cut to a conversation between Andrei and Theophanes, this time set on a stream bank. Theophanes argues that the ignorance of the Russian people is due to stupidity, while Andrei says that he doesn\'t understand how he can be a painter and maintain such views. "I\'d have taken vows of schema long ago and settled down in a cave for good." This section contains a reenactment of Christ\'s Atonement, which plays as Andrei recounts the story and expresses his faith. The Feast, 1408: During a nightly walk Andrei encounters a group of naked pagans, whose celebration implies sensuality and lust. Andrei feels attracted by the rituals he witnesses. He is caught by the pagans and tied to a cross, and threatened to be drowned in the morning. A woman named Marfa , only dressed with a mantle approaches Andrei. She drops her mantle, kisses and then frees him. The next morning as Andrei leaves a group of soldiers arrives and rounds up the pagans. Marfa escapes by running into the river and swimming past Andrei’s boat. He and his fellow monks look away in shame. The Last Judgment, Summer 1408: Andrei and Danil are working on the decoration of a church in Vladimir. Over months, work is not progressing, as Andrei is doubting himself. He confides to Danil that his task disgusts him and that he is unable to paint a subject such as the Last Judgement, as he doesn’t want to terrify people. He comes to the conclusion that he has lost the ease of mind that an artist needs for his work. He has a flashback during which he remembers his time working for the Grand Prince, who put out the eyes of artisans to prevent them from reproducing their beautiful work for someone else. As the flashback ends, Durochka , a holy fool or Yurodivy, wanders into the church. Her feeble-mindedness and innocence leads Andrei to the idea to paint a feast. The Raid, Autumn 1408: While the Grand Prince is away in Lithuania, the Grand Prince’s brother and a group of Tatars raid Vladimir. The invasion and the resulting carnage is shown in great detail. One famous scene shows a horse falling from a flight of stairs and being stabbed by a spear. Another famous scene shows a cow set on fire. The tatars enter the church. Andrei prevents the rape of Durochka by a Russian by slaying the perpetrator. Shaken by this event Andrei falls into self-doubt and decides to give up painting and takes a vow of silence. The Silence, Winter 1412: Andrei is once again at the Andronikov Monastery. He neither paints nor speaks and keeps Durochka with him. After several years of absence, Kirill shows up at the monastery and asks to be taken in. The father superior allows him to return, but requires him to copy the scriptures fifteen times. One day, Tatars stop at the monastery while traveling through. One of the Tatars takes Durochka away as his eighth wife. The Bell, Spring-Summer-Winter-Spring 1423–1424: Andrei\'s life turns around when he witnesses the casting of a bell for the Grand Prince. As the bellmaker has died, his son Boriska  tells the Prince\'s men that he is the only one who possesses his father\'s secret of casting a bell. Boriska is another creative character. He is aware of his own importance and the difficult task at hand. He is able to create through a combination of natural skill and pure faith. Boriska supervises the digging of the pit, the selection of the clay, the building of the mold, the firing of the furnaces and the hoisting of the bell. During the process the bell-making endeavor grows into a large, costly effort with many workers and Boriska makes several risky decisions, guided by his instinct. At one point, he privately asks God for help. Halfway through the sequence the skomorokh from the first sequence makes a reappearance and threatens to kill Andrei, whom he mistakes for the man who denounced him years earlier. Kirill steps in and intervenes on behalf of the silent Andrei. Later Kirill confesses privately to Andrei that his sinful envy of Andrei\'s talent dissipated once he heard Andrei had abandoned painting and that it was he  who denounced the skomorokh. Kirill then takes Andrei to task for allowing his God-given talent for painting to go fallow and pleads with Andrei to resume his artistry. As the bell-making proceeds toward its end Boriska\'s decisive confidence slowly transforms into a stunned, detached disbelief that he\'s succeeded at the task. The work crew takes over as Boriska makes repeated, nervous attempts to fade into the background of the activity. Once the bell has be hoisted into its bell tower the Grand Prince and his entourage arrive for the inaugural ceremony. As the bell is prepared to be rung the royal entourage is overhead discussing its doubts that the bell will ring. It\'s revealed that Boriska and the work crew know if the bell fails to ring the Grand Prince will have them all beheaded.  There is a quiet, agonizing tension as the foreman slowly coaxes the bell\'s clapper back and forth, nudging it closer to the lip of the bell with each swing. We pan across the assembly and see Durochka, robed in white leading a horse  as she walks through the crowd. At the critical moment the bell rings perfectly and she smiles. After the ceremony Andrei finds Boriska collapsed on the ground, sobbing as he admits his father never told him the secret of casting a bell. Andrei comforts him, breaking his vow of silence and telling the boy that they should go together. "You’ll cast bells. I’ll paint icons." Andrei sees Durochka, the boy and the horse walk off across a muddy field in the distance. The epilogue is the only part of the film in color and shows details of several of Andrei Rublev\'s icons. The icons are shown in the following order: Enthroned Christ, Twelve Apostles, The Annunciation, Twelve Apostles, Jesus entering Jerusalem, Birth of Christ, Enthroned Christ, Transfiguration of Jesus, Resurrection of Lazarus, The Annunciation, Resurrection of Lazarus, Birth of Christ, Trinity, Archangel Michael, Paul the Apostle, The Redeemer. The final scene crossfades from the icons and shows four horses at a river during rain.'] ['Sophie Dorothea  seeks solace from dashing Count Philip Konigsmark  when her husband Prince George Louis , later to become King George I of Great Britain, wants nothing to do with her. The lovers are brought down by a jealous Countess Platen .'] ['City of Life and Death is set in 1937, shortly after the beginning of the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Imperial Japanese Army has just captured Nanjing , capital of the Republic of China. What followed is historically known as the Nanking Massacre, a period of several weeks wherein massive numbers of Chinese prisoners-of-war and civilians were killed by the Japanese military. After some commanders of the National Revolutionary Army flee Nanking, a Chinese soldier Lieutenant Lu Jianxiong and his comrade-in-arms Shunzi attempt to stop a group of deserting troops from leaving the city, but as they exit the gates, they are captured by Japanese forces that have surrounded the city. As the Japanese comb the city for enemy forces, Superior Private  Kadokawa Masao and his men are attacked by Lu Jianxiong and a small unit of both regular and non-regular soldiers, who fire at them from buildings. Lu and his companions are eventually forced to surrender as more Japanese troops arrive. The Chinese prisoners-of-war are systematically escorted to various locations to be mass executed. Shunzi and a boy called Xiaodouzi survive the shootings and they flee to the Nanking Safety Zone, run by the German businessman and Nazi Party member John Rabe and other Westerners. Thousands of Chinese women, children, elderly men and wounded soldiers take refuge in this safety zone. However, the zone is forcefully entered several times by bands of Japanese soldiers intent on making sexual advances on female refugees. Due to the repeated intrusions, the women are urged to cut their hair and dress like men to protect themselves from being raped. A prostitute called Xiaojiang refuses to do so, saying that she needs to keep her hair in order to earn a living. Meanwhile, Kadokawa develops feelings for a Japanese prostitute named Yuriko, and struggles to come to terms with the omnipresent violence around him with his own conflicting impulses. Despite his feelings of alienation, Kadokawa brings Yuriko candy and gifts from Japan, and promises to marry her after the war. Rabe\'s secretary Tang Tianxiang and a teacher named Jiang Shuyun manage the daily operations of the safety zone. Even though he is in a privileged position, Tang is still unable to protect his young daughter from being thrown out of a window by a Japanese soldier, and his sister-in-law from being raped. When the Japanese officer Second Lieutenant Ida Osamu demands that the refugees provide 100 women to serve as "comfort women", Rabe and Jiang tearfully make the announcement to the community. Xiaojiang and others volunteer themselves, hoping that their sacrifice would save the refugees. Kadokawa meets Xiaojiang and brings her rice but witnesses another soldier raping her as she lies almost lifeless. Later, many "comfort women", including Xiaojiang, die from the abuse, and Kadokawa sees their naked bodies being taken away. Kadokawa feels further estranged when he witnesses Ida shooting Tang\'s sister-in-law May, who has become insane. Rabe receives an order to return to Germany because his activities in the safety zone are detrimental to diplomatic ties between his country and Japan. Tang and his wife are allowed to leave Nanking with Rabe. However Tang changes his mind at the last moment and trades places with a Chinese soldier pretending to be Rabe\'s assistant, saying that he wants to stay behind to find May. Mrs Tang reveals that she is pregnant before bidding her husband farewell. Not long after Rabe left, Ida has Tang executed by firing squad. The Japanese disband the safety zone and start hunting for Chinese men who were previously soldiers, promising that these men would find work and receive pay if they turn themselves in. However, men deemed to be soldiers are huddled into trucks and sent for execution. Shunzi, who survived the earlier mass killings, is physically checked and initially deemed to be a non-combatant, but is later recognised by a Japanese soldier and brought onto a truck as well. After Minnie Vautrin and other Westerners plead with the Japanese, Ida permits each refugee to choose only one man from the trucks to be saved. Jiang Shuyun rescues a man, pretending to be his wife, and then returns for Shunzi, claiming that he is her husband, while Xiaodouzi acts as their son. Kadokawa sees through Jiang\'s ruse but does not expose her. Despite this, another Japanese soldier points her out to Ida and the three of them are captured. Shunzi is taken away again, this time together with Xiaodouzi. Jiang, knowing that she will be raped, asks Kadokawa to kill her. He grants her her wish and shoots her, much to his comrades\' surprise. Afterwards, Kadokawa looks for Yuriko and learns that she has died after leaving Nanking. He says that she was his wife and requests that she be given a proper funeral. As the Japanese perform a dance-ritual to celebrate their conquest of Nanking and honour their war dead, Kadokawa reveals his emotional turmoil over what he has done and witnessed. Shunzi and Xiaodouzi are marched out of town by Kadokawa and another Japanese soldier to be executed, but to their surprise, Kadokawa releases them instead. Kadokawa tells the other soldier, "Life is more difficult than death." The soldier bows to show his respect for Kadokawa\'s decision and walks away. Kadokawa then weeps before shooting himself to escape from his guilt. In the end credits, it is revealed that Mrs Tang lived into old age, as did Ida Osamu, and that Xiaodouzi is still alive today.'] ['Darwin is a documentary film about an isolated community at the end of a weathered road in Death Valley, California. Propelled from society by tragic turns, the people of Darwin  must now find ways to coexist in a place without a government, a church, jobs, or children. The near-ghost town\'s survival depends on a fragile, gravity-fed waterline that descends from the mountains where top secret weapons are being tested. One "accidental" drop of a bomb, they half-joke, could wipe out their entire town. The film tells the story of a uniquely American place and yet a place that is unique even within America.'] ["7th century AD. Parthiban, the Chola King, dies in battle leaving incomplete his desire to be free from the yoke of the Pallavas. His son Vikraman  is determined to fulfil his father's dream. He is arrested by the Pallava king, Narasimhavarman and exiled to an island where he is chosen the king. Though he has banished him, Narasimhavarman in fact cares a great deal about Vikraman as the latter loves his daughter Kundhavi . Vikraman returns to the mainland to see his mother and is attacked by robbers. Narasimhavaraman, in the guise of asage and who has been helping Vikraman constantly rescues him. Vikraman weds Kundhavi and rules over the independent Chola Kingdom thus fulfilling his father's dream."] ["During the early 20th century, China is marked by political disunity and a handful of individuals, including Mao Zedong, Li Dazhao, and Zhou Enlai, envision a unified China, especially in the political crises that followed the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, which ended centuries of dynastic rule in the country. After World War I, the Western Allies give Tsingtao and Kiaochow Bay to the Empire of Japan, stirring sentiments amongst China's youth, leading to the May Fourth Movement of 1919. In March 1920, Grigori Voitinsky comes to China in an attempt to spread communism to the Far East and, on 22 July 1921, thirteen representatives from throughout China meet in a Shanghai's women's dormitory to found what would become the Chinese Communist Party."] ['{{Expand section}} The film depicts the exile of Napoleon I on the island of St. Helena following his final defeat at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815.'] ["Following the execution of her mother, Anne Boleyn , for infidelity, Elizabeth  is exiled to Hatfield House and declared illegitimate  by her father, King Henry VIII . She is accompanied by her loyal servants, Mr. Parry  and her governess Mrs. Ashley . Over the years, her position rises and falls on the whim of her father. The child is periodically summoned back to London to become acquainted with Henry's latest spouse. When Henry marries his last wife, Catherine Parr , the now-teenage Elizabeth finally rebels against her latest summons. However, the suave, handsome Lord Admiral Thomas Seymour  persuades her to change her mind, and Elizabeth and Catherine become good friends. Meanwhile, Henry is impressed and amused by the resolute defiance of his daughter . When Henry dies, Thomas's scheming brother Ned  takes over as Lord Protector and guardian of King Edward VI  during his minority, overriding Henry's wish that Thomas raise the boy. Ned and Thomas do not like each other, and Ned's fear of his brother's ambition grows with each of Thomas's naval triumphs. By now, Elizabeth realizes she is in love with Thomas. She refuses to believe Mrs. Ashley's warning that he loves someone else until she sees Thomas and Catherine embrace in secret. Ned had blocked Thomas from marrying into the royal family, but Elizabeth graciously persuades her brother to issue a royal decree sanctioning their marriage. As they live in the same household, Thomas grows too close to Elizabeth without even knowing it, until one day, Elizabeth kisses him and declares her love for him. She then wisely moves back to Hatfield. Soon after, however, Catherine sickens and dies. Thomas comes to see Elizabeth. Ned has him arrested and charged with treason. He also accuses Elizabeth of plotting with Thomas to overthrow her brother. She goes to see Edward, but is too late to save Thomas from execution. The film then shifts forward to 1558. Having survived the perils of her early life, and with Edward deceased and her elder sister Mary dying, Elizabeth is about to become Queen of England."] ["This classical peplum tells a fictitious story set in 490 BC, the time of the Medic Wars during which Persian armies sweep the Ancient world. Having brought home to Athens the Olympic victor's laurel crown, Philippides joins as commander the Sacred Guard, which is expected to defend the city-state's liberty, a year after the chasing of the tyrant Hippias. Athenian supporters of Hippias conspire, hoping to side Philippides by marriage to Theocrites' expensive servant Charis, and thus neutralize the guard. She fails to seduce him, as his heart is already taken by a young girl before the learns her name is Andromeda, daughter of Creuso. Everything personal is likely to be put on hold when the news breaks that the Persian King of kings Darius's vast army is marching on Greece, hoping its internal division will make its conquest a walk-over. Theocrites reproaches Miltiades to hold back the sacred guard to defend the Pallas temple after a likely defeat, and proposes instead to negotiate terms with Darius, but is told an alliance with Sparta could save the Hellenic nation. Philippides makes the journey and survives a fiendish attempt on his life by conspirators; he returns with Sparta's engagement during the Persian attack in far greater numbers on Militiades valiant troops. Charis, left for dead after overhearing Darius's orders, reaches the camp to tell that the Persian fleet, now commanded by traitor Theocrites, is heading for Piraeus to take Athens. Miltiades sends Philippides ahead to hold out with the sacred guard until his hopefully victorious troops arrive, and after his perilous journey back they do a great job, proving superior athletes can do better than traditional naval ramming tactics. {{Expand section}}"] ["Year 1808. The young Gabriel Araceli  is working as a typesetter in a modest printing of Madrid. His girlfriend, Ines , is a pretty orphan girl living in Aranjuez, hosted by his uncle, the evil Don Celestino Santos . During his visit to the Royal Site to see the bride, Gabriel coincides with the historic uprising of March 19 against Godoy, whose palace is assaulted by the mob. Thinking about the girl's sake, Don Celestino consent to Inez moved to Madrid to live with their relatives also Don Mauro Requejo and sister Restituta. Gabriel, to be near his girlfriend, in response to a notice is provided as a waiter in the shop. With the help of the boy John of God, who is in love with the girl, tries to kidnap Agnes, for Don Mauro seeks nothing less than to marry her himself. And after many vicissitudes, Gabriel gets away with taking advantage Ines tumultuous reception that the people of Madrid surrenders to the new King Ferdinand VII, The Desire. They plan to flee to Cadiz, the birthplace of the boy, but times go scrambled because, under the pretext of their way to Portugal, Napoleon's troops entered Spain. I have made friends and allies, but the French soldiers are unpopular with the population of Madrid, which regards them as invaders. And on May 2 explodes the popular revolt against imperial outposts. And, incidentally, Gabriel Araceli is involved in the fierce battles taking place in the Puerta del Sol and elsewhere in Madrid"] ["The year is 1821. The vast, unsettled territory that will one day be known as Texas still belongs to Mexico. But the forces that will shape the future of this sprawling land have already been set in motion. It begins with Mexico's infamous and brutal General Santa Anna and explodes into an armed revolt waged by such legendary names as the fiery and headstrong Sam Houston, Stephen Austin, the Father of Texas and the immortal heroes of the Alamo: Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie. Set against the thrilling backdrop of America's turbulent frontier, Texas weaves a dazzling, epic tapestry of conflict romance and adventure. It's the story of an inspiring fight for freedom and statehood - and of the soldiers, settlers, outlaws and empire-builders caught up in their young homeland's stormy quest to fulfill its extraordinary destiny!"] ['The film is about the life of General Wang-geon and how he becomes king of the Goryeo dynasty after he killed the last king, Silla - Gu-jin.'] ['The story begins with a dramatisation of the Italian manned torpedo raid on Alexandria in which two British battleships were sunk. The British are worried that this new Italian tactic will give the enemy naval supremacy in the Mediterranean. From Spain, an Italian expert on underwater operations is secretly watching the British base in Gibraltar and planning new attacks. Maverick diver Lionel Crabb is brought in to head the British response. He creates a team of divers to intercept the Italian attacks and defuse the bombs. The Italians plan a major attack on a British convoy, but Crabb and another diver manage to infiltrate the Spanish docks from which the Italians are planning the attack, identifying the ship  which the Italians attack from. Crabb leads an unauthorised pre-emptive strike on the ship carrying the torpedoes and destroys it, winning the George Medal. The British divers are shown as using Davis Submerged Escape Apparatus.'] ['A psychic named Quintus Ratcliff  sends a woman ([[Pamela Duncan  back in time to find out about her past-life experiences. She goes back as Helene, a woman from the Middle Ages who is to die at dawn under suspicion of being a witch.Synopsis at AMG In an attempt to save Diana and keep all of time from being distorted, Quintis goes back in time to convince Helene to let herself be killed.Plot Summary for The Undead at IMDB If she avoids her death, it will change history.'] ["A man finds a lost boy  in a war-torn village and brings him to his tenement. He tries to find someone to take care for him but no-one accepts the responsibility. The child eventually ends up with a sour widow Tané , despite her refusal. Their relationship doesn't develop well as Tané has no interest in being a mother again. After the boy disappears Tané realizes that she likes having him around after all."] ["On December 1, 2009, a press conference was held for the film, along with Chan's announcement of a new teaser trailer posted on the film's official Sina website. Twitch also released a plot synopsis of the film:{{cquote}}"] ["In December 1775, Cletus Moyer  is a free black Northerner in colonial America, working with a pre-Underground Railroad network to help slaves escape captivity. In the days just prior to Christmas, a group of bounty hunters led by Hattie Carraway  captures Moyer near the Parker plantation in Spotsylvania County, Virginia. Because of his capture, dozens of slaves who have already left their plantations in escape attempts are in danger of being captured as well. Moyer implores two slaves from the nearby Reynolds plantation to take his place: Kunta Kinte , a Mandinka in his mid-twenties who was captured in what is now Gambia, and Fiddler , an elderly man who was born into slavery. Kunta is eager to help , but Fiddler is unwilling, fearful of the consequences if they are caught. After an unsuccessful slave revolt elsewhere in the colony, Moyer and two slaves are hanged by Carraway's men on Christmas Eve, prompting Fiddler to set aside his fear and help Kunta lead the runaway slaves to freedom. Although the pair successfully leads the runaways that night to their next stop on the escape route -– a boat waiting at the river -– there is no room for the two of them, forcing them to return to the Parker plantation and manufacture an excuse for their temporary absence. Nevertheless, Kunta and Fiddler are left with the satisfaction of knowing that they helped to give a group of fellow slaves the best Christmas gift of all: freedom."] ["By age 17, John Paul, a native of Scotland, is an experienced ship's navigator. In 1773, nine years later, he is master of a ship in the West Indies, but after an incident that results in the governor of Tobago advising him to leave, John Paul adds the surname Jones and goes to visit a brother who lives in Fredricksburg, Virginia. The brother has recently died. Jones hires his attorney, Patrick Henry, to assist in business matters. He also takes a romantic interest in Henry's sweetheart, Dorothea Danders. After serving as second-in-command of a battleship in the Bahamas, his adopted countrymen sign the Declaration of Independence. Jones gets his first command, sets sail toward Newfoundland{{dn}} and seizes 18 enemy ships, sending their supplies to American general George Washington. Washington sends the young officer to France, where he is appreciated for heroic feats at sea. Benjamin Franklin then urges Johns to take a frigate and invade the British Isles. A new vessel is built for him at the suggestion of Marie Antoinette, and the only condition of his majesty King Louis XVI is that Jones' ship fly under an American flag. Jones' successes ultimately lead him to Russia in 1790 at the behest of the empress, Catherine the Great. He gains acclaim as one of the most brave and daring naval figures of his time."] ['The story dealt with Lord Rama and his retaliation over Ravana, in which all the characters played in the film were child artists.'] ["As America recovers from the Civil War, Paul Cable  returns home to Texas after being away from his family for years while fighting for the Confederacy. His wife, Martha , is a pretty but strong-willed frontier woman, whose independence makes her a force in and of herself. She had been told that he was killed in action. Upon her husband's unexpected return, she once again devotes herself to being his wife, but resents him for having left her and their children behind to fight a war she didn't care to understand. Despite having loved each other since childhood and being married, Paul and Martha are now like strangers to each other, and the tension between them is evident. During his absence, their youngest daughter died from a fever, and Martha, having borne that without him, has developed a hatred for her husband. Her father, James Sanford , scolds her for her attitude toward Cable, but she stands her ground, never backing down from her stance on the subject. Her father knows her well, and subsequently leaves the subject alone. Cable decides he will return to Arizona and reclaim the ranch he owns there. The family members, consisting of Paul, Martha, and their daughter and son, load up their belongings, bid farewell to Martha's father, and make their way to Arizona. While en route, they come into contact with Lorraine Kidston , the beautiful ramrod cowgirl daughter of rancher Duane Kidston . During the night, horses headed by her men accidentally stampede through the Cables' camp, leading Paul and Martha to scold the men. Lorraine agrees that her men were foolish to run the horses at night, and scolds them. Through this interaction, the cowhands and Lorraine learn that the man in front of them is, in fact, Paul Cable. They had been told that he was dead, and since then, her father has assumed control of Cable's ranch. Lorraine's father, Duane Kidston, is a former Union Army soldier, as is his brother Vern . They have little use for former Confederates, and feel that Cable's ranch now belongs to them. Upon reaching the ranch, Cable confronts the Kidston men staying in his house. However, when one man attempts to draw on Cable, he is shot and killed by Martha Cable, who is in the dark shadows. The shooting leads to an ongoing feud between Paul Cable and the Kidston men, during which several of Kidston's hired guns are killed by Cable. Vern and Lorraine Kidston, however, begin to sympathize with the Cables, feeling it is better to simply return the ranch to them and let things be. Duane disagrees, but relents to his daughter and brother's wishes. In the end, the real threat to the Cables' new life in Arizona does not come from the Kidstons, but from a one-armed Confederate sympathizer and former soldier, Edward Janroe , who kills Duane, an event for which Cable is blamed. Despite everything pointing to Cable as Duane's killer, not even Duane's brother Vern believes it. Janroe kidnaps Cable's daughter as security during an illegal gun transaction with Mexican bandits. Cable and Vern team up and chase down Janroe, killing him, then get involved in a shootout with the bandits. Cable eventually asks Vern to take his daughter out of harm's way, which Vern does. Cable then takes on the remaining bandits alone, with them eventually just deciding to take the guns from Janroe's wrecked wagon and leave. Cable returns home wounded, where he is nursed by Martha, who has finally learned to accept him as he is. She decides to forgive him, forget all the animosity between them, and love her husband again."] ['Set in the small town of Paloh, Johor, during the final days of the Japanese occupation in 1944, the movie is about the confrontation between the Japanese occupying force and the Communist Party of Malaya. In order to survive, four friends - Ahmad, Osman, Puteh and Harun choose to serve the Japanese Police Force. Amidst a sea of uncertainties, Ahmad falls in love with Siew Lan and Puteh falls in love with Fatimah - both girls from different worlds, different cultures, even opposing sides. And Osman - a friend of theirs and a spy for the Japanese Police - chooses to serve his own agenda. Swee Lan\'s father is a local leader of the Bintang Tiga sympathizers and has asked Swee Lan to establish a love relationship with Ahmad so as to gather intelligence of the Japanese movements. However, Swee Lan really falls in love with Ahmad and thus begins a deep struggle within her. She has to either obey her father or betray her lover. Ahmad, on the other hand, sees the high handedness of the Japanese and he does not want to be a part of the Japanese scheme any more. As one character says in the movie, "Whether it is the British , the Japanese or the communist, they are all the same. But at least the communist are fighting to free us."'] ["May 1919. The city of Petrograd, the Bolsheviks' stronghold in Russia, is attacked by the counter-revolutionary White Army of General Nikolai Yudenich, who is supported by the imperialist British, and especially by the warmongering Winston Churchill. The city's High Soviet is demoralized and about to order an evacuation, while the White fifth column inside it plots an insurrection. The Krasnaya Gorka fort dispatches a detachment of Baltic Fleet sailors to assist Petrograd, among them is the young Vladimir Shibaev. As the Red Army faces defeat by the Whites, Joseph Stalin arrives on the battlefield, rallies the communists and routes the enemy, saving the city."] ["The plot of the film loosely follows the book of the same name – the third volume of the Crusades trilogy, spanning the period of about 1187 to 1205. Arn is the commander of a Templar garrison in Gaza. He is commanded to join a Templar force intercepting the army of Saladin. Due to the arrogance of the new Templar Grandmaster Gerard de Ridefort, the Crusaders are destroyed in the ensuing Battle of Hattin. Arn is wounded but Saladin recognizes him and saves Arn from execution. Arn wakes in Damascus, his wounds treated; Saladin sends him home with his friendship as he prepares to take Jerusalem. Cecilia is finally allowed to leave the monastery where she has done penance for twenty years, meeting her son Magnus for the first time. She soon hears of the fall of Jerusalem and the destruction of the Templars and believing Arn dead decides to become a nun for the rest of her life, being offered the post of Abbess by the Folkung clan. Arn meets her as she is just about to enter the convent, and they marry at last, building an estate, Forsvik, where Arn has gathered craftsmen from all over the Europe and the Holy Land. Arn is introduced to his son Magnus, born in his absence; after a little time a daughter named Alde is born, and Forsvik grows rapidly. Arn takes young men and boys to become knights-in-training. Six years later King Canute I of Sweden dies, leaving children as heirs. King Sverker II retakes the crown with Danish help and attempts to murder the sons of Canute, prevented by the intercession of a Folkung loyalist placed by Arn in King Sverker's court. Forced to war, the first of what is to be a nearly 600-year long conflict between Sweden and Denmark, Arn leads the Folkungs against the Sverker-Danish force at the Battle of Lena, aided by Arabic craftsmen and the Norweigan templar Harald. Arn charges forward on horseback to attack King Sverker, and is intercepted by Ebbe Suneson, the leader of the Danes; in the ensuing duel Arn kills him, taking a fatal wound in the exchange. The Folkung emerge victorious, but Arn dies of his wound upon his return to Forsvik. The film concludes with an epilogue foreshadowing the completion of the consolidation of Sweden into a unified kingdom a generation later through Birger Jarl, identified as Arn's grandson."] ['Satan has been cast out from hell and banished to Earth under decree of heaven. He can return, only through a series of temptations. However, for every soul who gives in to his tempting, one hundred years are added to his sentence. For every soul who resists, one thousand years are removed from his sentence. The film follows Satan throughout much of recorded history. Quoting the movie directly, God said to Satan, "But know thee that for each man yielding to thy temptation the doom upon thee shalt be prolonged by one hundred years, but for each one resisting thee, thou shalt be relieved of 1000 years of thy judgment. Get thee away and continue thy evil doings."'] ["It is 1814. There is peace in Europe as a defeated Napoleon is sent into exile on the island of Elba. Major Sharpe  is assigned to head the Scarsdale Yeomanry in his native Yorkshire, depriving him of a chance to settle the score with his adulterous wife Jane  and her lover, Lord Rossendale . Sharpe and Regimental Sergeant Major Harper  are met on their arrival by George Wickham , an officer in the Yeomanry. As he escorts them to town, they are ambushed and shot at. Sharpe pursues  one of the men, who turns out to be his close childhood friend, Matthew Truman . Wickham takes Sharpe to meet Sir Willoughby Parfitt  and Sir Percy Stanwyck , wealthy businessmen who own many cotton mills between them. Parfitt tells Sharpe about the post-war unrest. The discharge of men from the army has flooded England with unemployed workmen; the increased competition and a reduced demand for cotton gives Parfitt an excuse to lower wages. He is opposed by Truman, a rabble rouser who stirs up the discontented, poverty-stricken masses. Dan Hagman , one of Sharpe's former riflemen, shows up looking for work, but turns down Sharpe's offer - nine years in uniform is enough for him. He becomes a follower of Truman. When Sharpe hears of an illegal meeting, he orders his soldiers to tread gently, but Wickham deliberately disobeys his orders and incites a massacre; Truman gets away in the confusion. However, Wickham cleverly manages to place all the blame on Sharpe. Sharpe visits Sally Bunting , a woman who had been kind to him in his childhood. From her, he learns that his mother is dead and also that Truman is his brother . He arranges to meet with him at their mother's grave. Parfitt learns of it and sends Wickham to take them both. Sharpe, Harper and Hagman get away, but Truman is shot dead by Wickham. Meanwhile, the financially strapped Rossendale inherits an estate in neighbouring Lancashire. He had used his influence to get Sharpe posted as far from London as possible, but now has to relocate  nearby. Both Rossendale and Jane speak with Sharpe separately, but nothing is resolved. While in hiding, Sharpe is warned by Lady Anne Camoynes  that Parfitt and Wickham intend to secretly intercept and destroy a steam engine that Stanwyck is bringing in, in order to weaken his business rival. They intend to blame it on disaffected machine wreckers. Sharpe and his friends foil the scheme, catching Wickham red-handed. Sharpe uses this to blackmail Parfitt into clearing his name. In the end, Sharpe heads back to London, Harper to Ireland, while Hagman stays behind, having taken a liking to Sally."] ["In the time of Frederick Barbarossa, in the area of Italy known as Lombardy, Dardo Bartoli  is walking with his son Rudi  when they encounter Count Ulrich , the 'Hawk', his niece Anne , and his lover, Dardo's unfaithful wife Francesca . Dardo shows off his skill as an archer by shooting down Ulrich's expensive hunting hawk. In revenge, the count takes Dardo's son to his castle. Dardo is struck by an arrow while rescuing Rudi, so the boy allows himself to be recaptured in order to draw the soldiers away. Back at the palace, young Marchese Alessandro de Granazia ([[Robert Douglas  asks for Anne's hand in marriage, but is rejected. Ulrich then arrests him for not paying his taxes. When Dardo and his men rescue the marchese, he joins Dardo's band of rebels. Dardo makes another attempt to free his son. On the advice of his uncle Papa Bartoli , he obtains the help of Anne's maid  to sneak into Ulrich's castle along with his best friend Piccolo , but they are unsuccessful. When they find themselves in Lady Anne's apartment, Piccolo suggests they kidnap her instead. They take her to their secret hideout. She tries several times to escape, but Dardo is too crafty for her. Dardo sends a message to the count, offering an exchange of prisoners, but Ulrich threatens to execute Papa Bartoli unless Anne is released. Dardo and the others race to the village and rescue Papa. Then, Dardo learns from his aunt, Nonna Bartoli , that five more prisoners have been taken to hang in Papa's place. Dardo gives himself up to save the others and is hanged in front of his son. Ulrich takes the rest of the rebels prisoner, including the marchese. The marchese informs Ulrich that the rebels are planning an attack the next day and that Dardo is alive . As a reward for this betrayal, Ulrich agrees to the marchese's marriage to Anne. When she finds out their plans, she warns Nonna Bartoli, with Dardo and his men hiding around the corner. They decide that they must attack at once. Piccolo comes up a plan for getting into the castle by posing as some of the acrobats providing entertainment. The ruse works. When they are ready, they remove their disguises and a battle ensues. During the melee, Anne warns Dardo that Ulrich has gone for his son. When Dardo catches up to Ulrich, he is in the company of the marchese. The count leaves Dardo and the marchese to fight. Though Dardo tries to persuade the marchese to stand aside, the marchese refuses and is killed. Afterwards, Dardo finds his wife dead, killed by a knife in the back. Then, he finds the count holding Rudi at sword-point. Dardo finds a bow and, aiming carefully, kills Ulrich and frees his son. With the battle won, Dardo embraces Anne."] ["A young doctor, Robert Merivel , enters the service of King Charles II of England  after having saved the King's favorite spaniel. Merivel finds himself enjoying a life of pleasure and popularity at court, until the King informs him that he has arranged for Merivel to wed Celia , the King's favorite mistress. The purpose of the arranged marriage is to fool another of the King's mistresses. Merivel is given an estate named Bidnold in Suffolk, and Celia is installed in a house in Kew where the king can visit her secretly. Merivel lives a life of debauchery there, but also finds pleasure in restoring the house to its former beauty with the support of Will Gates , the man who runs the estate. However, things become complicated when Merivel breaks the King's cardinal rule by falling in love with Celia. Elias Finn , a painter commissioned by the King to paint a portrait of Celia, tricks Merivel into revealing his romantic feelings for Celia, who does not return Merivel's affections. After finding out about Merivel's romantic feelings toward Celia, the King banishes him from court back to his life as a physician. Merivel rejoins his old friend, John Pearce , who has opened a Quaker sanitarium. There, Merivel meets Katherine , a troubled young woman whose husband walked out on her after their daughter drowned in the river. Merivel and Katherine become lovers. Pearce falls fatally ill with consumption, and while Merivel is tending to his dying friend, Katherine makes a scene declaring to all who live and work at the facility that Merivel is her lover. They then discover that Katherine is pregnant with Merivel's child, and after the death of Pearce, Merivel and Katherine are both asked to leave. The pair return to London just as the Great Plague has hit. Katherine gives birth to a daughter, Margaret, via Caesarean section, but Katherine dies in the process as there is no way to ward off infection once the body has been cut open. In her dying moments, Merivel promises Katherine that he will care for Margaret, and that he loves Katherine. As the plague continues to kill the people of London, Merivel feels compelled to do what he can as a physician. He leaves Margaret with a midwife who promises to care for her in his absence, then he goes out into the city, separating the sick from the well, who have all been quarantined together, and does what he can to ease the suffering of the dying. When someone asks for Merivel's name, he says he is John Pearce as a tribute to his friend. Under this misnomer and in disguise, Merivel is once again summoned to the palace. The King fears that Celia has contracted the plague, but Merivel soon assures him that she does not have the plague, but rather has a treatable fever and is with child. With this, Merivel realizes the life he has now is more rewarding and fulfilling than the life and loves at the court he left behind. Suddenly, the court is notified that the city is ablaze, and Merivel races back to the city to retrieve his infant daughter from the flames. He is unable to find her, and falling through burning wood, Merivel lands in a small row boat, unconscious, and is floated by the river current away from the city. When he awakens, he is being cared for by Will Gates back at Bidnold, the estate the King had given to him at his marriage of Celia, and was then taken away. As Merivel recovers from his fall, he cannot recover from his failure to protect his young daughter from harm, when suddenly the King arrives at the house with his entourage. He informs Merivel that he has discovered the doctor's true identity, and that he was impressed with the man Merivel had become. With that, the King steps aside to reveal a nurse holding Margaret, Merivel's daughter, safely in her arms. For his courage and good work done in treating the victims of the plague, the King once again gives Bidnold to Merivel, stating that this time it will never be taken away. The film ends with Merivel returning to London, to set up a new hospital with help from the King."] ['According to her father\'s wishes, Queen Salinas agrees to share the rule of Icena with Justinian, a Roman. This decision angers both the bloodthirsty Druids and Romans less just than Justinian. As the two rulers fall in love, the Druids and the Romans begin to plot their downfall. It\'s not long before the hills of Britain are stained with the lovers blood. Adapted from "The Viking Queen " by Jeremy Perkins. IMBd. Accessed 25 July 2012. Despite the title, there are no Vikings in the movie. The plot combines elements of life of the historic queen Boudica  with elements seemingly drawn from Bellini\'s opera Norma, though that is set in Gaul .'] ["The story begins in frontier-town Nauvoo, Illinois in 1844. It follows the main body of the Church as they are forced to leave Illinois, choosing to settle temporarily in Nebraska and then to travel by wagon train to the Great Basin. Much of the story's plot revolves around two of the group, Johnthan Kent and Zina Webb.http://www.imdb.com/titles/tt003228/ Brigham Young  film page at Internet Movie Database, accessed 13 November 2009"] ['The film begins in the depths of the schooner La Amistad, a slave-ship carrying captured West Africans into slavery. The film\'s protagonist, Sengbe Pieh , most known by his Mende name, "Cinqué" , painstakingly picks a nail out of the ship\'s structure and uses it to pick the lock on his shackles. Freeing a number of his companions, Cinquè initiates a rebellion on board the storm-tossed vessel. In the ensuing fighting, several Africans and most of the ship\'s crew are killed, except Ruiz and Montez, the owners of the ship, who the Africans believe can sail them back to West Africa. After six weeks have passed, the ship is running out of food and fresh water, and Cinquè is growing angry with Yamba who believes keeping the Spaniards alive is the only way to get back to Africa. The next day, they sight land. Unsure of their location, a group of them take one of the ship\'s boats to shore to fetch fresh water. While there, La Amistad is found by a military vessel bearing an American flag — the Spaniards have tricked the Africans by sailing directly for the United States. Captured by the Americans, the Amistad Africans are taken to a municipal jail in New Haven, Connecticut, where the ship\'s occupants, and a tearful Cinquè, are thrown into a grim dungeon, awaiting trial. The film\'s focus now shifts to Washington,\xa0D.C., introducing John Quincy Adams , the elderly former President and sitting member of the U.S. House of Representatives. While strolling in the gardens, Adams is introduced to two of the country\'s leading abolitionists: the elderly freed slave Theodore Joadson  and Christian activist Lewis Tappan , both of whom are leading shipping magnates in New England and co-proprietors of the pro-abolitionist newssheet "The Emancipator". The two have heard of the plight of the Amistad Africans and attempt to enlist Adams to help their cause. Adams, apparently verging on senility, refuses to help, claiming that he neither condemns nor condones slavery. News of the Amistad incident also reaches the current President of the United States, Martin Van Buren , who is bombarded with demands for compensation from the Spanish Queen Isabella II . At a preliminary hearing in a district court, the Africans are charged with "insurrection on the high seas", and the case rapidly dissolves into conflicting claims of property ownership from the Kingdom of Spain, the United States, the owners of the slaves and of La Amistad, and the American captain and first mate of the vessel responsible for re-capturing the slave-ship. Aware that they cannot fight the case on moral grounds, the two abolitionists enlist the help of a young attorney specializing in property law: Roger Sherman Baldwin . At the jail, Baldwin and the abolitionists, along with Josiah Willard Gibbs,\xa0Sr., a professor of linguistics, attempt to talk to the Amistad Africans, but neither side is able to understand anything the other party says. In the prison, events among the Africans are accelerating. Yamba, Cinquè\'s apparent rival for authority amongst the Africans, has become interested in Christianity, what he thinks is the way things happen spiritually and is now resigned to his death, believing that execution will send them to a pleasant afterlife. The death of one of the Africans provokes them into a furious demonstration against the American authorities, screaming and chanting in their native language. As the hearings drag on, Baldwin and Joadson approach Adams for advice. Adams advises them that, in court, the side with the best story usually wins. He then asks them what their story is. Unable to answer, they decide that their priority must be to find a way to communicate with the Africans. They begin to walk round the city docks, counting numbers in the Mende language. They find a black sailor in the Royal Navy, James Covey . Using Covey as a translator, Baldwin and his companions are able to talk to Cinquè. In his first speaking role in the courtroom, Cinquè, through a series of flashbacks, tells the haunting story of how he became a slave. Cinquè, a peasant farmer and young husband and father in West Africa, was kidnapped by African slave-hunters and taken to the slave fortress of Lomboko, an illegal facility in the British protectorate of Sierra Leone. There, he and hundreds of other captured Africans were loaded onto the transatlantic slave-ship . Cinquè tells of the various horrors of the Middle Passage, including frequent rape, horrific torture and random executions carried out by the crew including the deaths of fifty people deliberately drowned by being thrown in the ocean. Upon their arrival in Cuba, Cinquè was sold at a slave market and purchased, along with many other Tecora survivors, by the owners of La Amistad. Once aboard La Amistad, Cinquè was able to free himself of his shackles and began the slaves\' rebellion for freedom. The courtroom drama continues as District Attorney William S. Holabird  and Secretary of State John Forsyth  press their case for property rights and dismiss Cinquè\'s story as a mere piece of fiction. While exploring the impounded vessel La Amistad for much-needed evidence to support the Africans\' claims, Baldwin happens upon a notebook, stuffed into a crevice by Ruiz and Montez to conceal the evidence of illegal slave-trading. Using the book as hard evidence of illegal trading, Baldwin calls expert witnesses including Captain Fitzgerald , a British naval officer assigned to patrol the West African coastline to enforce the British Empire\'s anti-slavery policies. As Fitzgerald is cross-examined by the haughty Holabird, tension in the courtroom rises, ultimately prompting Cinquè to leap from his seat and cry "Give us free" over and over, a heartfelt plea using the English he has learned. Cinquè\'s plea touches many, including the judge and in a court ruling, Judge Coglin  dismisses all claims of ownership. He then rules that the Africans were captured illegally and were not born on plantations; orders the arrest of the Amistads owners on charges of slave-trading; and authorizes the United States to convey the Amistad Africans back to Africa at the expense of the nation. While Cinquè, Joadson, Baldwin, and the jubilant Africans celebrate their victory, a state dinner at the White House threatens to overturn the ruling. While conversing with the Spanish Ambassador to Washington, Senator John C. Calhoun  launches into a damning diatribe aimed at President Van Buren, emphasizing the economic importance of slaves in the South, and ends his tirade with a concealed but clear threat that should the government set a precedent for abolition by releasing the Amistad Africans, the South will have little choice but to go to war with the North. With his advisors warning that the Amistad incident could bring the United States one big step closer to civil war, President Van Buren orders that the case be submitted to the Supreme Court, dominated by its Southern slave-owning judges. Furious, Mr. Tappan splits with Joadson and Baldwin, who break the news to an enraged and disgusted Cinquè. In need of an ally with legal background in the intricacies of Supreme Court workings, Baldwin and Joadson meet again with John Quincy Adams, who has been following the case carefully. Adams, aware that Cinquè is now refusing to talk to Baldwin, invites the African leader to his home. While Adams gives him a rambling tour of his greenhouse, Cinquè\'s emotional reaction to seeing an African violet, native to his homeland, convinces Adams to assist the case. During preparations for the Supreme Court hearing, Cinquè tells Adams that he is invoking the spirits of his ancestors. This makes a strong impression upon Adams, presumably because he thinks of his own father, President John Adams, one of America\'s founding fathers. At the Supreme Court, John Quincy Adams gives a long and passionate speech in defense of the Africans. He argues that if Cinquè were white and had rebelled against the British, the United States would have exalted him as a hero; and that the Africans\' rebellion to gain their freedom was no different to the Americans\' rebellion against their oppressors some seventy years earlier. Arguing that condemning the Amistad Africans would render the principles and ideals of the Constitution worthless, he exhorts the judges to free the Africans. He tells the court how, before the hearing, his client invoked the spirit of his ancestors. Adams then invokes the spirits of America\'s founding fathers, including his own father. In a poignant shot, the camera frames Adams with the marble bust of his father behind him. Adams invokes the Declaration of Independence. He concludes by arguing that, if a verdict in his favor should hasten a civil war, that war will simply be the final battle of the American Revolution. His case made, the United States awaits the Supreme Court\'s ruling. On the day of judgment, Justice Joseph Story  announces the Supreme Court\'s decision on the case. Because the Amistad Africans were illegally kidnapped from their homes in Africa, United States laws on slave ownership do not apply. Furthermore, since that was the case, the Amistad Africans were within their rights to use force to escape their confinement. The Supreme Court authorizes the release of the Africans and their conveyance back to Africa, if they so wish. Legally freed for the second and final time, Cinquè bids emotional farewells to his companions; shaking Adams\'s hand, giving Joadson his lion tooth which is his only memento of Africa and thanking Baldwin in English and in Mende. The end of the film depicts various scenes. Royal Marines assault the Lomboko Slave Fortress, killing the slavers and freeing the kidnapped Africans held within the dungeons. With the fortress evacuated, Captain Fitzgerald, orders his warship of the Royal Navy\'s West Africa Anti-Slavery Squadron to open fire on the facility thus destroying it. Interspersed with this are scenes of Martin Van Buren losing his election campaign, Isabella II learning of the Africans\' release and the Battle of Atlanta from the American Civil War. The final scenes depict Cinquè and the freed Africans returning to Africa, dressed in white, the West African color of victory, and accompanied by James Covey. A postscript informs viewers that Cinquè returned to find his country in civil war and his wife and child missing, probably sold into slavery.'] ['Set in 1634, the film begins in the tiny French settlement that will one day become Quebec City. Jesuit missionaries are trying to encourage the local Algonquin Indians to embrace Christianity, with thus far only limited results. Samuel de Champlain, founder of the settlement, sends Father LaForgue, a young Jesuit priest, to find a distant Catholic mission in a Huron village. LaForgue is accompanied on his journey by a non-Jesuit assistant, Daniel, and a group of Algonquin Indians whom Champlain has ordered to guide him to the Huron village. This group includes Chomina  - an older, experienced traveller who has clairvoyant dreams; his wife ; and Annuka , their daughter. As they journey across the lakes and forests, Daniel and Annuka fall in love, to the discomfort of the celibate LaForgue. The group meet with a band of Montagnais Indians who have never met Frenchmen before. The Montagnais shaman is suspicious  of LaForgue\'s influence over the Algonquins. He accuses him of being a devil. He encourages Chomina and the other Algonquins to abandon the two Frenchmen and travel instead to a winter hunting lodge. This they do, paddling away from the Frenchmen. LaForgue accepts his fate, but Daniel is determined to stay with Annuka and follows the Indians as they march across the forest. When one Indian tries to shoot Daniel, Chomina is consumed by guilt at having betrayed Champlain\'s trust. He and a few other members of the Algonquin tribe return with Daniel to try to find LaForgue. As they recover LaForgue, a party of Iroquois attacks them, killing Chomina\'s wife and taking the rest captive. They are taken to an Iroquois fortress, where they are beaten and told they will be slowly tortured to death, only after Chomina\'s young son is killed before his eyes. Annuka helps them escape by seducing a guard with sex. Chomina, dying of a wound from his capture, freezes to death in the snow; LaForgue tries, unsuccessfully, to persuade Chomina to embrace Christ before he dies. When Chomina dies, he sees the She-Manitou appearing to him. Annuka and Daniel take LaForgue to the outskirts of the Huron settlement, but leave him to enter it alone, because Chomina had dreamed that this must happen. LaForgue finds all but one of the French inhabitants dead, murdered by the Hurons who blamed them for a smallpox epidemic. The leader of the last survivors tells LaForgue that the Hurons are dying, and he should offer to save them by baptizing them. LaForgue confronts the Hurons. When their leader asks LaForgue if he loves them, LaForgue thinks of the faces of all the Indians he has met on his journey, and answers "Yes". The leader then asks him to baptize them, and the Hurons accept Christianity. The film ends with a golden sunrise. An intertitle explains that fifteen years later, the Huron were massacred by the Iroquois, and the French mission was destroyed.'] ['In 1883, in the Sudan, a force of 10,000 poorly-trained Egyptians under the command of British Colonel William "Billy" Hicks  is lured into the desert and slaughtered by Muslim zealots led by Muhammad Ahmad , a fanatic Sudanese Arab who believes he is the Mahdi, the prophesied "expected one of Mohammed". The British Prime Minister William Ewart Gladstone , who does not wish to send more military forces to Khartoum, is under great pressure to send military hero General Charles Gordon  there to salvage the situation and restore British prestige. Gordon has strong ties to Sudan, having broken the slave trade in the past, but Gladstone distrusts him. The man has a reputation for strong, if eccentric, religious beliefs and following his own judgment, regardless of his orders. Granville Leveson-Gower, the British foreign secretary , knowing this, tells Gladstone that by sending the military hero Gordon to Khartoum, the British government can ignore all public pressure to send an army there, and absolve themselves of any responsibility over the area if Gordon ignores his orders. Gladstone is mildly shocked at the suggestion, but as it is popular with the public and Queen Victoria, he adopts it for the sake of expediency. Gordon is told that his mission, to evacuate troops and civilians, is unsanctioned by the British government, which will disavow all responsibility if he fails. He is given few resources and only a single aide, Colonel J. D. H. Stewart ([[Richard Johnson . After an attempt to recruit former slaver Zobeir Pasha  fails, Gordon and Stewart travel to Khartoum, where Gordon is hailed as the city\'s savior upon his arrival in February 1884. He begins organizing the defences and rallying the people, despite Stewart\'s protests that this is not what he was sent to do. Gordon\'s first act is to visit the Mahdi in his insurgent camp, accompanied only by a single servant. He gains the latter\'s respect and, in the verbal fencing at the parlay, discovers that the rebel leader intends to make an example of Khartoum by taking the city and killing all its inhabitants. The Nile River city of Khartoum lies at the junction of the White Nile and the Blue Nile. A qualified military engineer, Gordon wastes no time upon his return in digging a ditch between the two to provide a protective moat. In Britain, Gladstone, apprised how desperate the situation has become, orders Gordon to leave, but, as he had feared, his command is ignored. Over the next several months, a public outcry forces Gladstone to send a relief force, but he sees to it that there is no urgency, hoping to the last that Gordon will come to his senses and save himself. Gordon, however, has other ideas. When the waters recede in winter, drying up his moat, the small Egyptian army is finally overwhelmed by 100,000 Mahdist tribesmen. On January 26, 1885, the city falls under a massive frontal assault. Gordon himself is killed along with the entire garrison and populace of some 30,000, although the Mahdi had forbidden killing Gordon. In the end, Gordon\'s head is cut off, stuck on top of a long pole, and paraded about the city in triumph, contrary to the Mahdi\'s injunctions . The relief column arrived two days too late. The British withdrew from the Sudan shortly thereafter, and the Mahdi himself died six months later. But in the United Kingdom, public pressure and anger at the fate of Gordon finally forced the British to re-invade the Sudan 10 years later and recapture Khartoum in 1898.'] ['Maisie Revere  loses her job as an assistant in Horatio Curley\'s dog act as a result of a minor quarrel with test pilot "Breezy" McLaughlin ([[James Craig . Breezy gets Curley a job at the airplane company where he works and offers to use his influence on Maisie\'s behalf too. However, she insists she can get a job there on her own merits. She lands on the swing shift at the aircraft manufacturing factory. Breezy does, however, get her a room at Maw Lustvogel\'s  boarding house. Despite her initial dislike for him, Maisie starts falling in love. Maisie stops a suicide attempt by failed actress Iris Reed , who lives across the hall, and persuades her to get a job in the same place. Her kindness backfires on her when Breezy is more attracted to Iris. The two soon become engaged. When Breezy gets his wish to join the Air Force, he asks Maisie to look after Iris while he is away being trained. Maisie finds this a difficult task, as Iris turns out to like men altogether too much. When Iris gets fired, she uses her feminine charms to get Judd Evans, a factory clerk, to pay the rent for an apartment in his building. She skips out without paying Maw the back rent she owes, even though Maisie gives her $20 to do so, and she has gotten a large money order from Breezy. Maisie finds Judd comforting Iris after another "suicide attempt". She orders Iris to tell Breezy that she no longer loves him when he comes home on leave to marry her. However, Iris secretly accuses Maisie of suspicious behavior to the factory\'s security department. While Maisie is being questioned, Iris and Breezy drive to Reno to get married. Maisie cleverly confesses to being a saboteur and implicates Iris and Breezy as fellow agents. They are stopped by the police, but let go after Breezy produces his identification. However, Breezy learns that Maisie is being held, even though Iris told him that she left to attend the funeral of an aunt. Having learned of Iris\'s shady character, Breezy goes back to Maisie. She is initially unwilling to take him back, but eventually gives in.'] ["Jannat Ki Talash is a film set in the time when Pakistan was newly created, and still some Muslims lived in India, whom thought as their home to be Pakistan. The film beautifully scripted by the senior director Hassan Askari and is about a Pakistani girl Salma  whose life is changed, once living in India. Shaan loves her, who was her cousin living in newly made Pakistan. Her brother is getting married, and celebrations are on their way, but Indians and sikhs  come and wreck the wedding. They brutally kill everyone including Salma's parents in front of her eyes, they take all the women and children, but Salma escapes. All her initial family dead in Pakistan she wonders off on the streets of India, then she finds a Muslim group, going to Pakistan, she too follows them in hope to meet her outer and extended family to have a better life. She shrunk into the taplin as she gives up on life. As everything looks peaceful and fine, Suad and his large group of `Muslim-haters' arrive out behind the long-distance trees. Within minutes they murder the innocent Muslims, even children with sticks of fire and swords. They take the women in their arms and kill the older ones. Suad finds Salma behind the wheel of a taplin and lifts her with her hair and takes her, although she tries to commit suicide in order to protect her dignity and does not succeed. He takes her to her home and shows his father  who declines and says to take her to Pakistan, Saud says no and says he wants marry the Muslim girl, but first wants to make her a Sikh. As she wakes up she pleads to go to Pakistan, her Jannat. Suad forces her to become a Sikh and marry him, she protests and declines. Khusboo is also introduced, she loves Suad deeply. Salma is used as a slave to the family of Indians, Suad`s mother loses her temper with her, and slaps and slams her to the floor, Khushboo also had a slam at her. Salma now in tears says once again let me go to Pakistan, Khushboo drags her from her hair outside, Resham again protests for freedom, and touches Khushboo's heart, and Khushboo lets her go. She runs in the open towards Pakistan, but Suad on his horse finds her and chases after her. In that time, Suad's father comes to protect her. She eventually gets to Pakistan, her dream her paradise, but finds no better results, as an older man tried to take advantage of her even after calling her his sister, Resham escaped but again got trapped by four drunked people, she called them her Paksiatani brothers but they tried to rape her and in defense Resham snatch one of their guns and in her defense killed the rappers .Shaan finds out and stands up for her in court, where the film begun. Resham tell the story of what happen to her, as above and judge lets her off, and Shaan takes her in his arms."] ['This historical drama, set in 1905, depicts the difficult plight of Korean sugarcane field laborers in Mexico. The story follows the love between the daughter of an aristocratic family fallen on hard times, and the son of a butcher.<ref namehttp://www.kmdb.or.kr/eng/md_basic.asp?nation04826|title2009-07-18|publisher=Korean Movie Database  }}'] ['An anti-communist film about a reporter torn between political ideologies during the days after the Korean liberation from Japan.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}'] ['Early in the Korean War, as the North is rolling through South Korea, Eun-pyo and Soo-hyeok are captured during a battle and brought to North Korean captain Jung-yoon. Jung-yoon declaims to the prisoners that the war will be over in a week and that he knows exactly why they are fighting this devastating war, brother against brother. Afterwards he lets the prisoners go free, so that they can help reconstruct the nation after the war. Two years later, despite ceasefire negotiations, the fighting continues around the Aerok Hills on the eastern front, as that would help determine the future dividing line between the North and the South. The hills continue to change hands, so that even the ceasefire negotiators don\'t always know who controls them. Amidst the fighting, the South Korean officer commanding Alligator Company, who are fighting for Aerok Hill, is found dead by a Southern bullet. First Lieutenant Kang Eun-pyo of the Defense Security Command is sent to investigate the murder and also an apparent mole who had mailed a letter from a Northern solder to his family in the South. Eun-pyo arrives at the front lines accompanied with Captain Jae-oh, the new commanding officer of Alligator Company, and a raw recruit. Eun-pyo\'s perceptions change quickly upon arriving at the eastern front. The acting commander, Captain Young-il, is addicted to morphine, some of the men are wearing Northern uniforms to keep warm and refer to their fallen friends as "comrades", war orphans live among the soldiers, and Eun-pyo\'s old friend Kim Soo-hyeok is not only alive but has moved up in rank. He has also transformed from a scared and useless soldier to a ruthless killer and tactician. Also, the entire unit seems to be attempting to suppress their memories about something unspoken that happened in Pohang, earlier in the war. It turns out that Jung-yoon is commanding the North Korean forces against them, and after the North has again retaken the hill, the South take it back and Eun-pyo joins them in battle. When the fighting is finished he sees that the new recruit is drunk. As alcohol was not distributed to troops, his suspicion leads him to discover Soo-hyeok, Young-il, and a few other soldiers enjoying the contents of a secret communication box buried within the hills in a cave that acts as a mail system and gift exchange from one side to the other. It had originally been used to trade insults between the sides, but evolved into exchanging letters and presents. The North would leave rice wine, and the South would leave American made cigarettes and chocolate. Winter turns to summer and the land continues to change sides. Secrets are held not only by Soo-hyeok but among the seasoned fighters on both sides. Near the end of the war, Chinese troops are deployed in human wave tactics to attack the hill, and the North Koreans are positioned to cut off the retreat route of the South Koreans. During the battle, Jae-oh errs by committing his men to the front line despite the pleas of his lieutenants to fall back to a more defensible position. Eventually, the hill is overrun, and Jae-oh is murdered by Soo-hyeok after refusing to retreat. Soo-hyeok in turn is killed by a North Korean sniper nicknamed \'Two Seconds\'. After the battle, news of an armistice agreement reaches both sides, and celebrations start. A group of North and South Korean soldiers encounter each other washing up in a mountain valley stream, but after a tense early moment, send each other off with goodbyes. However, the armistice is not yet in effect for another 12 hours. Both sides are told by their superiors to fight for the most strategically important pieces of land. As a result, there is a final climactic battle in which Eun-pyo kills \'Two Seconds\', who turns out to be a woman. Captain Young-il\'s arm and leg are blown off by an explosion and then is shot and killed by Jung-yoon. Eventually, everyone on both sides is killed except for the North Korean commander Jung-yoon and Eun-pyo. Eun-pyo finds Jung-yoon in the cave with the gift box. He asks him why exactly they are fighting. Jung-yoon replies that he knew once, but has now forgotten. They share a smoke, and Jung-yoon dies shortly after. The movie ends with a shot of Eun-pyo walking down the hill among the corpses of all the fallen soldiers, leaving the fate of Aerok Hill unknown.'] ["Based on a true story, set in the late 19th century: Lord Tichborne, the ninth richest nobleman in England, disappears after a South American shipwreck. Some years later his erudite Afro-English valet, Bogle, is sent to investigate rumors that Tichborne survived and settled in Australia. An alcoholic ruffian answers Bogle's inquiries claiming to be the lost heir. Bogle suspects fraud, but conspires with the claimant to split the inheritance should the latter successfully pass himself off to friends, family and the courts. As the claimant returns to England to continue his charade, enough people confirm his identity to make both the claimant and Bogle believe that he just might be the rightful heir after all."] ['On May 19, 1927, pilot Charles A. "Slim" Lindbergh  tries to rest in a hotel near Roosevelt Field on Long Island, New York. He has been waiting for a week for the rain to stop so he can attempt the first successful nonstop solo transatlantic flight from New York to Paris. While Lindbergh tries to fall asleep, his friend Frank Mahoney  guards his hotel room door from reporters who have also been waiting for a break in the weather. Unable to sleep, Lindbergh reminisces about his recent days as an airmail pilot flying from St. Louis to Chicago. Flying to Chicago in winter, Lindbergh lands his old de Havilland biplane in a small airfield to refuel. Despite the bad weather, Lindbergh takes off, unaware that the Chicago landing field has closed due to snow. Lindbergh\'s aircraft ices up and stalls, forcing him to parachute out with the mailbag. He continues his journey by train and meets a suspender salesman who tells Lindbergh that two airmen just died competing for the Orteig Prize to be awarded to the first pilots to fly from New York City to Paris , nonstop. From a diner at Lambert Flying Field in St. Louis, Lindbergh calls Columbia Aircraft Corporation in New York City, pretending to represent a group of prominent businessmen. Lindbergh is quoted the price of $15,000  for a Bellanca aircraft. For the next six weeks, Lindbergh presents his idea of entering the competition to St. Louis financiers and prominent St. Louis citizens, explaining he can cross the ocean in 40 hours in a single-engine aircraft if he strips it of all non-essential weight, allowing room for extra fuel tanks. The men are excited by Lindbergh\'s vision and name the aircraft, Spirit of St. Louis. At the request of his backers, Lindbergh travels to San Diego, California to check out a small aircraft factory, Ryan Aeronautical Company. There he meets Mahoney, the president of the company, who promises to build him an aircraft in just 90 days. At the factory, Frank, Lindbergh, and Ryan\'s chief engineer Donald Hall  agree on a design. To decrease weight, Lindbergh refuses to install radios or heavy equipment and plans to navigate by "dead reckoning" . In the race to complete the aircraft ahead of schedule, workers at the factory agree to work 24-hour shifts. Lindbergh learns that two pilots, who were vying for the Orteig Prize, were killed during their flight test. When the Ryan aircraft is complete, Lindbergh flies his new aircraft to St. Louis, and then on to New York. Unable to sleep, Lindbergh leaves his hotel room and goes to Roosevelt Field, where his aircraft is being filled with three hundred gallons of fuel. To decrease weight, he even eliminates the parachute. Because of limited space in the cockpit, the magnetic compass was placed in an awkward position. A young woman offers her mirror, which is then glued into place for the pilot\'s view. When Lindbergh is not watching, Mahoney slips a Saint Christopher medal into the pilot\'s lunch bag. With the weather clearing, Lindbergh and the heavy Spirit of St. Louis trundle down the muddy runway and barely clear the treetops at the end of the field. Every hour, Lindbergh switches fuel tanks to keep the weight load balanced. As he flies over Cape Cod, he realizes he has not slept in 28 hours. He remembers back to times when he slept on railroad tracks, on short bunk beds, and under a windmill. When Lindbergh begins to doze aboard the Spirit of St. Louis, he is awakened by a fly. When he flies over Nova Scotia and sees a motorcyclist below, he remembers his own Harley-Davidson, which he traded for his first aircraft, a war-surplus Curtiss Jenny. As Lindbergh flies over the seemingly endless Atlantic, he remembers barnstorming across the Midwest and performing dangerous stunts in a flying circus. At the 16th hour, as darkness descends, he worries that an engine cylinder might crack from the cold. The sight of a "white ship", which he soon realizes is an iceberg, is evidence that he is near the Arctic Circle. After 18 hours, the aircraft\'s wings ice up and the engine stalls. The Spirit of St. Louis begins to drop, but the ice breaks off in the warmer air and he is able to restart the engine. Back on course, Lindbergh discovers that his compasses are malfunctionings, forcing him to navigate by the stars. By dawn, he is so tired he falls asleep, causing the aircraft to circle and descend, but sunlight reflecting off the mirror awakens him in time to regain control. After Lindbergh sees a seagull and realizes he is close to land, he tries without success to hail a fisherman below. He soon sights land and determines from map features that he has reached Dingle Bay, Ireland. As he reaches for one of his sandwiches, Lindbergh discovers the hidden Saint Christopher medal. Hanging the medal on the instrument panel, he flies on, crossing the English Channel and then up the coast of France, following the Seine to Paris. Once again the engine cuts out, from lack of fuel, but he is able to recover by switching tanks. Evening descends and Lindbergh finally sees the lights of Paris ahead of him. As he approaches Le Bourget Airfield, he is confused by the spotlights. He doesn\'t understand that the strange movements below him are actually crowds of people. Exhausted and panicked, Lindbergh makes his descent whispering a prayer, "Oh, God help me!" After landing, hordes of people rush to Lindbergh, blind him with camera flashes, and carry him off triumphantly to the hangar. Tired and confused, Lindbergh eventually realizes that the crowds are cheering for his great achievement. When Lindbergh returns to New York, he is given a huge parade in his honor.'] ["Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa  finds himself without adequate funding to finance his war against the military-run government. He also finds himself at odds with the Americans because of the Hearst media empire's press campaign against him. To counter both of these threats, he sends emissaries to movie producers to convince them to pay to film his progress and the actual battles. Producer D.W. Griffith  is immediately interested and convinces Mutual Film Studios boss Harry E. Aitkin to send a film crew. Aitkin's nephew Frank Thayer is initially a mere errand boy for the studio, but he makes a good impression with Villa, who demands that Thayer be placed in charge of the project. Thayer and a camera crew team film Villa leading his men to victory in battle. Despite the failure of this initial footage  Thayer convinces Aitkin to invest even more money in a second attempt, and also convinces Villa to participate in making a more narrative film. Thayer returns to Mexico with a director, actors, producers, cameramen and screen writers, and begin to film Villa's previous exploits using a younger actor. The filming goes well, although Villa becomes angry that the screenwriters and the director have changed history to make a more dramatic film. However, he agrees to do a cameo appearance as an older version of himself. Meanwhile, Frank begins a romance with actress Teddy Sampson  whom he's had a crush on since they first met. One night Villa announces that they will attack a Federal held fort at Torreon and win the revolution. The film's director and his crew tell Villa that they are not coming with him to film the battle. Villa scares them into going to the battle by having a firing squad shoot over their heads. The next morning, Villa assembles his men to attack Torreon. Thayer and his team go into film the action. After a skirmish on the way to the fort, Villa's army arrives at Torreon and lays siege to the fortress. Villa orders an attack and personally leads the charge. Villa's army is initially successful, but they suffer heavy casualties and are forced to withdraw. That night, Villa orders his army to bombard Torreon into submission, and, after a long, brutal bombardment, Villa's cavalry finish off the last of Torreon's Federal defenders. However, Thayer and his camera crew team witness Villa personally shooting a Mexican widow in cold blood with his handgun during the aftermath of the battle. Disgusted, the team leaves. 'The Life of General Villa' is shown in theaters in America, and to great success, although Thayer and his camera crew members regret making the film. Nine years later General Villa is driving his car with an associate and two of his bodyguards through Parral, Chihuahua. His car is flagged down by a Mexican civilian, when several Federals suddenly pop up with machine guns. Villa reaches for his pistol, but is shot several times and is killed."] ["The film is set in British South Africa, in the province of Natal, in January 1879. The first half of the film revolves around the administrators and officials of Cape Colony, notably the supremely arrogant Lord Chelmsford and the scheming Sir Henry Bartle Frere, who both wish to crush the neighbouring Zulu Empire, which is perceived as a threat to Cape Colony's emerging industrial economy. Bartle Frere issues an impossible ultimatum to the Zulu king, Cetshwayo, demanding that he dissolve the Zulu Empire. Cetshwayo refuses, providing Cape Colony with a pretext to invade Zululand. Despite objections from leading members of Cape Colony's high society and from Great Britain itself, Bartle Frere authorises Lord Chelmsford to lead a British invasion force into Zululand. The second half of the film focuses on the British invasion of Zululand and the lead-up to the Battle of Isandlwana. The invading British army, laden with an immense network of supply wagons, invades Zululand and marches in the direction of Ulundi, the Zulu capital. British forces, eager to fight a large battle in which they can unleash their cutting-edge military technology against the vast Zulu army, become increasingly frustrated as the main Zulu army refuses to attack the British, and fighting is restricted to a few small skirmishes between British and Zulu scouts. Concerned that their supply lines are becoming overstretched and that the main Zulu army is still at large, British troops begin torturing captive Zulu warriors in an effort to learn the location and tactics of the Zulu army. Halfway to Ulundi, Chelmsford halts his army at the base of Mount Isandhlwana, ignoring the advice of Boer attendants to entrench the camp and laager the supply wagons, leaving the camp dangerously exposed. During the night, Colonel Durnford and an escort of fifty mounted Basutos approach the camp. Lord Chelmsford then orders Durnford to return to his unit, bringing them to the camp immediately to reinforce Colonel Pulleine. Lt. Vereker should join Durnford as aide-de-camp. Reacting to false intelligence, Chelmsford leads half of the British army, including the best infantry, cavalry and artillery units, on a wild goose chase far from the camp, in pursuit of a phantom Zulu army. On the day of battle, Durnford and his troops are arriving at 11:00 a.m. at the camp at Isandlwana. Meanwhile, the Zulu captives escape their torturers and regroup with the Zulu army, informing them of the British army's direction and strength. After having lunch with Colonel Pulleine and Lt. Vereker, Durnford quickly decides to send Vereker to scout the hills. Durnford then decides to take his own command out from the camp too, and scout the iNyoni heights. The entire Zulu army is later discovered by men of Lt. Vereker's troop of scouts, who chase a number of Zulu herdsmen, trying to hurry away their cattle, only to discover the main Zulu enemy force of thousands at the bottom of a valley. Lt. Vereker then sends Lt. Raw to warn the camp that it is about to be attacked. As Zulu impis descend upon the camp, Durnford's cavalry retreat to a donga in an effort to hold back the Zulu advance. Forced back, the British take heavy casualties, including the battery of Congreve rockets, which is overrun by the Zulus. Initially, the British infantry succeed in defending the camp, and Zulu forces retreat under a hail of artillery fire. British units defending the camp are now becoming dangerously spread-out, and are oblivious to Zulu forces moving round the sides of the mountain in an encircling move. As British infantrymen begin to run out of ammunition and the British cavalry are driven back towards the camp, Zulu warriors charge the British troops en masse, sustaining horrific casualties, but succeed in breaking the British lines. As British troops break and flee towards the camp, the battle breaks down into hand-to-hand fighting between British soldiers and Zulu warriors, amongst the débris of tents, fallen soldiers and supply wagons. Overwhelmed by the sheer number of Zulu warriors, British soldiers and their African allies are slaughtered in the camp, some being cut down as they attempt to flee back towards Natal. During the last minutes of the battle, the camp's commander, Colonel Pulleine, entrusts the Queen's Colours of the 2nd battalion, 24th Regiment of Foot to two junior officers, Lts. Melvill and Coghill, who attempt to carry them to safety in Natal, passing gruesome scenes as Zulu warriors hunt down British and African infantrymen attempting to flee across the river. While crossing the Buffalo River, the three lieutenants are cut down by Zulus and the Colours  are captured. Lying wounded, perhaps mortally, Vereker shoots and kills the Zulu wielding the Colours, and the Colours fall gracefully into the river, where they are carried out of reach. In the evening, Chelmsford and the rest of the British army return to Isandlwana, to be greeted by the sight of their slaughtered comrades, and the news that a mass Zulu army has invaded Natal and laid siege to Rorke's Drift. The film ends with Zulu warriors in a silhouetted victory procession, dragging captured British artillery back to Ulundi."] ["Bakti quarrels with his wife. He uses holy water for his fighting fish, she takes revenge by cooking them. He is upset after his mother has taught his little nephew a Christian prayer, since the boy is raised as a moslim. Bakti's stepdaughter passes her final examination. With a mortgage on the home they finance her university study."] ["The film follows Muhammad's first years as a prophet starting with Islam's beginnings in Mecca in which the Muslims are persecuted, the exodus to Medina, and ending with the Muslims' triumphant return to Mecca. A number of crucial events, such as the Battle of Badr and Battle of Uhud are depicted."] [' In 1996, treasure hunter Brock Lovett and his team explore the wreck of RMS Titanic, searching for a valuable diamond necklace called the Heart of the Ocean. They recover Caledon "Cal" Hockley\'s safe, believing the necklace to be inside, but instead find a sketch of a nude woman wearing it, dated April 14, 1912, the night the Titanic sank. Hearing about the drawing, an elderly woman named Rose Dawson Calvert calls Lovett and claims that she is the woman depicted in the drawing. She and her granddaughter, Lizzy Calvert, visit him and his team on his salvage ship. When asked if she knows the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose recalls her time aboard the Titanic, revealing that she is Rose DeWitt Bukater, a passenger believed to have died in the sinking. She then begins her story as follows: In 1912, 17-year-old first class passenger Rose boards "Titanic" in Southampton with her fiancé Cal and her mother Ruth DeWitt Bukater. Ruth stresses the importance of Rose\'s engagement, as the marriage would solve the DeWitt Bukaters\' secret financial problems. Distraught by her engagement, Rose considers suicide by jumping off the ship\'s stern; a drifter and artist named Jack Dawson stops her. Discovered with Jack on the stern, Rose tells Cal that she was looking over the ship\'s edge in curiosity and that Jack saved her from falling. Pressed, Jack confirms her account. Cal is at first aloof to Jack, but when Rose indicates that recognition is due, he offers him a small amount of money. After Rose mocks Cal for this, asking if her life means so little, he invites Jack to a first-class dinner the following night. Jack and Rose develop a tentative friendship, even though Cal and Ruth are wary of the young third-class man. Following the dinner that night, Rose secretly joins Jack at a party in the ship\'s third-class quarter. Because Cal and Ruth forbid her to see Jack, Rose attempts to rebuff Jack\'s continuing advances. She soon realizes, though, that she prefers him over Cal, and meets him at the bow of the ship during what turns out to be the Titanic{{\'s}} final moments of daylight. They then go to Rose\'s stateroom, where she asks Jack to sketch her nude while wearing the Heart of the Ocean, Cal\'s engagement present to her. Afterward, the two evade Cal\'s bodyguard and make love inside a car in the ship\'s cargo hold. Going afterwards to the ship\'s forward well deck, they witness the ship\'s collision with an iceberg and overhear the ship\'s officers and designer outline its seriousness. Rose tells Jack that they should warn her mother and Cal. Cal discovers Jack\'s drawing and a mocking note from Rose in his safe along with the necklace. Furious, he has his bodyguard slip the necklace into Jack\'s coat pocket. Accused of stealing it, Jack is arrested, taken down to the Master-at-arms\'s office and handcuffed to a pipe. Cal puts the necklace in his coat. Rose runs away from Cal and her mother  and releases Jack. The ship then starts to launch flares in order to attract any nearby ships. Once Jack and Rose reach the deck, Cal and Jack persuade her to board another lifeboat, Cal claiming that he has arranged for himself and Jack to get off safely. After she boards, Cal tells Jack that the arrangement is only for himself. As Rose\'s boat lowers, she realizes that she cannot leave Jack, and jumps back on board the Titanic to reunite with him. Infuriated, Cal takes a pistol and chases them into the flooding first-class dining saloon. After exhausting his ammunition, Cal realizes to his chagrin that he gave his coat with the diamond to Rose. With the situation now dire, he returns to the boat deck and boards a lifeboat by pretending to look after a lost child. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. All lifeboats have departed and passengers are falling to their deaths as the stern rises out of the water. The ship breaks in half, and the stern side rises 90-degrees into the air. As it sinks, Jack and Rose ride the stern into the ocean. Jack helps Rose onto a wall panel only able to support one person\'s weight. Holding the panel\'s edge, he assures her she will die an old woman, warm in her bed. Meanwhile, Fifth Officer Harold Lowe has commandeered a lifeboat to search for survivors. Jack soon dies of hypothermia and Rose draws the attention of Lowe\'s boat, and is ultimately saved. Rose and the other survivors are taken by the RMS Carpathia to New York, where Rose gives her name as Rose Dawson. She hides from Cal on Carpathia{{\'s}} deck as he searches for her. She learns later that he committed suicide after losing his fortune in the Wall Street Crash of 1929. Her story complete, Rose goes alone to the stern of Lovett\'s ship. There she takes out the Heart of the Ocean, which has been in her possession all along, and drops it into the ocean. While seemingly asleep in her bed, the photos on her dresser are a visual chronicle that she lived a free life inspired by Jack. The young Rose is then seen reuniting with Jack at the Grand Staircase of the RMS Titanic, applauded and congratulated by those who perished on the ship.'] ["The film begins with Flashman making a patriotic speech to the boys of Rugby School framed by a giant Union Flag, in a scene which appears to be a parody of the opening sequence in the 1970 film Patton. There is a brief flashback to the events of the original Flashman, with the head of the Rugby School  recounting Flashman's exploits in Afghanistan. The film then follows the plot of the book, which itself largely derives from The Prisoner of Zenda. Flashman is forced by Otto von Bismarck to impersonate a Danish prince, who is about to marry a German princess . Bismarck exacts this retribution partly in revenge for his humiliation at the hands of Flashman in London; Flashman stole Bismarck's mistress Lola Montez, then manoeuvred him into boxing against a professional boxer, John Gully (played by [[Henry Cooper , at a house party. Bismarck does not wish the Princess to marry a Dane, since this may tilt the balance on the Schleswig-Holstein Question and interfere with his plans for a united Germany."] ['In 1560, a thousand Spanish conquistadors, and a score of captured Indians, march down from Quito in the Andes mountains into the jungle below. Under the command of Gonzalo Pizarro , the party\'s mission is to find El Dorado. The men, clad in half armor, pull cannons through narrow mountainous paths and hot, thickly humid jungle. After much difficulty, on New Year\'s Eve, Pizarro orders a small expeditionary group of forty men to continue ahead by rafting down a river in search of El Dorado. If they do not return to the main party within one week with news of what lies beyond, they will be considered lost. Pizarro chooses Don Pedro de Ursúa  as the commander of the expedition, Don Lope de Aguirre  as his second-in-command, fat nobleman Don Fernando de Guzmán  representing The Royal House of Spain and brother Gaspar de Carvajal  as a chronicler. Also accompanying the expedition, against Pizarro\'s better judgment, are Ursúa\'s mistress, Doña Inéz  and Aguirre\'s young daughter, Florés . One of the four rafts becomes separated from the others and gets caught in a whirlpool. A rescue team is unable to approach the raft until the following day, when all men on the raft are found to have been killed by unknown attackers. Ursúa wants the bodies to be brought back to camp for proper burial. Knowing this would slow down the expedition, Aguirre orders Perucho  to fire a cannon at the raft, which sinks, and the corpses are lost in the river. During the night, the remaining rafts are swept away by the rising river. Since supplies start to run out and things get progressively worse, Ursúa decides that their mission is hopeless and orders them to return to the main group. Wanting power, Aguirre takes the opportunity to lead a rebellion against Ursúa, telling the men that untold riches await them ahead. Ursúa and a soldier loyal to him are shot. Ursúa\'s mistress, Inéz , cares for them. Aguirre coerces the soldiers to "elect" the fat, lazy Don Fernando de Guzman as the new leader of the expedition. Aguirre proclaims Guzman Emperor in the New World, “dethroning” Philip II. A farcical trial of Ursúa results in his being sentenced to death, but Guzman surprises Aguirre by refusing to allow this to happen. Instead, Guzman grants Ursúa clemency. Aguirre proves to be an oppressive leader, so terrifying that few protest his leadership. Those who complain are killed. Only Inez has the courage to speak out against him. Knowing that some of the soldiers are still loyal to Ursúa, Aguirre simply ignores her. The expedition continues on a single, newly built, large raft. An Indian couple approaching with a canoe is captured by the explorers, but when the man expresses confusion at the sight of a Bible, Brother Gaspar de Carvajal  has the man and his wife killed for blasphemy. Guzman dines on the low food supplies while the men are starving, and has the expedition\'s only horse pushed off the raft because it annoys him. Soon after, he is found strangled near the raft\'s outhouse. After Guzman\'s death, Aguirre proclaims himself leader. Ursúa is then taken ashore and hanged in the jungle. The group attacks an Indian village, where many of the soldiers are killed by spears. The distraught Inez walks into the jungle and disappears. Aguirre is now the ruler of a group of slowly starving, hallucinating men. The group gapes in awe at a wooden ship perched in the highest branches of one of the tall trees. In a final Indian attack, all remaining survivors including Aguirre’s daughter are killed by arrows. Aguirre remains alone on the slowly circling raft. The raft becomes overrun by monkeys. The crazed Aguirre tells them: "I, the Wrath of God, will marry my own daughter and with her I will found the purest dynasty the world has ever seen. Together, we shall rule this entire continent. We shall endure. I am the Wrath of God!"'] ['A film biography of An Jung-geun, a Korean independence activist who assassinated Itō Hirobumi, the first Prime Minister of Japan.Synopsis based on {{cite web}}'] ['The storyline follows the struggle of Sayward Luckett  as she travels to the unsettled Ohio Valley wilderness from post-revolutionary Pennsylvania. The series takes Sayward from a young single woman, unexpectedly left with three sisters to raise, to a married woman who becomes a mother of seven. Her faithful devotion to her family is recounted against the day-to-day struggle for survival.'] ["In the Dutch Republic in 1672, a wealthy man Cornelius Van Baerle devotes his life to growing tulips unaware of his family's close involvement with political intrigue."] ['The film opens in October 1944, in the Auschwitz-Birkenau extermination camp. A small group of Sonderkommandos are plotting an insurrection that, they hope, will destroy at least one of the camp\'s four crematoria and gas chambers. They are receiving firearms from Polish citizens in the nearby village and gunpowder from the UNIO munitions factory; the women prisoners who work in the UNIO are smuggling the powder to the men’s camp among the bodies of their dead workers. The women\'s activity is eventually discovered by the Germans, they are savagely tortured, but they don\'t reveal the plot. Meanwhile, a Hungarian-Jewish doctor, Miklós Nyiszli , who works for the Nazi scientist Josef Mengele in an experimental medical lab, has received permission from Mengele himself to visit his wife and daughter in the women’s labor camp. Nyiszli is quite concerned about the safety of his family and believes that Mengele’s orders will keep them from the gas chambers. A new trainload of Hungarian Jewish prisoners arrives and all are immediately sent to the gas chambers. As the group is given instructions about "delousing," a fearful, angry man in the group begins shouting questions at one of the Sonderkommando, Hoffman , who has been issuing the instructions. Hoffman beats him to death in an outburst of frustration, in an attempt to make the man stop talking. After the gassing of this same group, a badly shaken Hoffman finds a young girl alive beneath a pile of bodies. He removes her from the chamber, and, after informing the leader of the insurgency, Schlermer , takes her to a storage room and summons Nyiszli, who revives her. The group decides to hide her in the children’s camp. While the prisoners hide her in a dressing room, SS-Oberscharführer Eric Muhsfeldt  suddenly walks in. Noticing that one of the prisoners present, Abramowics , is there illegally, he shoots him, prompting the girl to scream and to be discovered. Nyiszli then takes Muhsfeldt outside and tells him about the uprising, but cannot tell him where or when it will begin. Muhsfeldt agrees to protect the young girl after the uprising is suppressed. The insurrection begins and Crematoria I and III are destroyed with the smuggled explosives. All the Sonderkommandos who survive the explosions and gunfights with the SS are captured. They are held until the fire in the crematorium is extinguished and executed shortly after. Hoffmann and a fellow prisoner, Rosenthal , conclude that the girl will not be set free after she is forced to watch the executions. After all captives are shot, the girl is allowed to flee toward the main gate of the camp. Before she can run very far, Muhsfeldt draws his handgun and shoots her. The film closes with a voice-over recitation by the dead girl.'] ["The film takes place in 1671. In the prelude to the Franco-Dutch War, a financially struggling Louis II de Bourbon, Prince de Condé is visited by King Louis XIV for three days of festivities at the Château de Chantilly. The prince wants a commission as a general, and spares no expense in order to impress the king. In charge of organizing the event is François Vatel, Master of Festivities and Pleasures in the prince's household. Vatel is a man of great honor and talent, but of low birth. As the great Condé is prepared to do anything in his quest for stature, the tasks assigned to Vatel are often menial and dishonourable. While Vatel tries to sustain dignity amidst the extravaganza he is meant to orchestrate, he finds himself in love with Anne de Montausier, the king's latest lover, who returns his affections. However, due to their incompatible social standing and the rigid hierarchy of the court, continuing the liaison is clearly impossible. The movie ends with Vatel realizing that he is nothing more than a puppet in the hands of his superiors, bought and sold like a piece of property: he consequently commits suicide by impaling himself on his sword. Anne de Montausier is grief-stricken upon hearing the news but she must not speak of it."] ['In 1823 Washington, Major O\'Neal  and his daughter Margaret "Peggy" O\'Neal  run an inn that is frequented by politicians. Peggy\'s outspoken and astute opinions have earned the admiration of men such as Andrew Jackson  and Daniel Webster . Virginia senator John Randolph , with whom Peggy is secretly in love, seems only to regard her as a child. When new inn resident "Bow" Timberlake ([[Robert Taylor  refers to Peggy as a "tavern girl," however, John slaps him. Bow soon falls in love with Peggy himself and proposes, but she refuses, then goes to John\'s room one night to confess her love for him. He sends her away, thinking that she is too young and does not really mean it, but begins to have a change of heart. When he finally realizes that they are both in love, however, he learns from Bow that Peggy has finally consented to marry him. Peggy again talks to John about their future, but John again rejects her, thinking that the younger Bow would be a more suitable husband. Because he is an officer on the {{USS}}, Bow must leave for a three month tour of duty shortly after their wedding. When the Constitution returns to Washington, Peggy learns that Bow has died. In 1828, Jackson is elected president amid a campaign of mud slinging aimed at his beloved Rachel , whom he inadvertently married before her divorce from her first husband was final. Soon after the election, Rachel dies after asking Peggy to look after Jackson. Peggy then becomes the president\'s official hostess and confidante, causing many of the Washington political wives to gossip and snub her. At the same time, Jackson comes under political fire from Southerners such as Randolph, who feels he has turned against them by his stand on state rights. At a ball, Peggy is excited to see John after his five-year absence from Washington and asks him to dance with her before dinner. When her childhood friend, "Rowdy" Dow, wants to fight Southern senator John C. Calhoun ([[Frank Conroy  because of an insulting remark about Peggy, however, she interrupts and asks him to dance instead. Seeing Rowdy and Peggy dancing, John returns home, but is followed by Peggy, who once again professes her love. This time, John admits his own love and the two plan to marry. Soon after telling Jackson what has happened, however, Peggy realizes that differing political views will never allow her and John to be happy, and they part. A short time later, Secretary of War John Eaton , who has loved Peggy for years, proposes. She is fond of him, and believes, like Jackson, that marriage will bring her respectability. A year later, Rowdy comes to visit and tells Peggy that John Randolph has been shot and is near death. She asks Rowdy to take her to see her John, who was shot by Sunderland , a Southerner trying to prevent him from revealing to Jackson a proposed violent rebellion. John dies contentedly after Peggy\'s visit. On the way back to Washington, Peggy and Rowdy\'s coach is accosted by Sunderland, who demands safe passage to Washington in exchange for not revealing that he has seen them. Rowdy throws him out, but soon Jackson\'s cabinet members and their wives come to him to demand that Peggy be sent away from Washington. When Peggy arrives at the meeting, Jackson lies by saying she was sent to see John Randolph by him and that Rowdy was asked by John Eaton to accompany her. Jackson then demands the resignation of his entire cabinet, except for Eaton. This somewhat mirrors the actual events, known as the "Petticoat affair". Finally, Peggy, who knows that even Jackson\'s kind lie will not lead to her acceptance in Washington, asks him to send John Eaton as the special envoy to Spain where she knows that they will find contentment.'] ["During the reign of King Sejong the Great, Joseon Korea faces increasing hostility from Ming China. Ming China, without restraint, mounts unrelenting demands against the Korean crown, further entrenching distrust and aversion to subservience. Ming China has especially been provoked by a leaked news that Korea had under way an arms development program that would undermine theirs. Mounting pressure by threat of invasion and sending down Emperor's commands requesting young Korean girls to be sent to China, to reduce Korea's manpower and debilitate its military capacity, the grip around the throat becomes ever tighter. It seems Joseon's fate is dependent on completing an unfinished project - that of making Singijeon or the Divine Weapon a reality. In the final battle, severely outnumbered Korean forces  successfully defeat the thousands of Ming Chinese in armed combat with spears, bombs, and several finished Singijeon via several hwachas. Thousands of Ming Chinese footsoldiers are killed as the arrows in the Singijeon are launched. More are killed with the gunpowder packed inside the arrows. Those in the Ming Chinese army who remained are finished off with the large model Singijeons , except one of the nobles who prefers peace over warfare."] ["The Earl of Essex  returns in triumph to London after having dealt the Spanish a crushing naval defeat at Cadiz. In London, an aging Queen Elizabeth  awaits him with love, but also with fear, because of his popularity with the commoners and his consuming ambition. His envious rivals include Sir Robert Cecil , Lord Burghley , and Sir Walter Raleigh . His only friend at court is Francis Bacon . Instead of the praise he is expecting, Essex is stunned when Elizabeth criticizes him for his failure to capture the Spanish treasure fleet as he had promised. When his co-commanders are rewarded, Essex protests, precipitating a break between the lovers. He leaves for his estates. Elizabeth pines for him, but refuses to degrade herself by recalling him. But when Hugh O'Neill, 2nd Earl of Tyrone  revolts and routs the English forces in Ireland, the Queen has the excuse she needs to summon Essex. She intends to make him Master of the Ordinance, a safe position at court. However, his enemies goad him into taking command of the army to be sent to quash the rebellion. Essex pursues Tyrone, though his letters to Elizabeth begging for much-needed men and supplies go unanswered. Unbeknownst to him, his letters to her, and hers to him, are being intercepted by Lady Penelope Grey , a lady-in-waiting who loves him herself. Finally, Elizabeth, believing herself to be scorned, sends him an order to disband his army and return to London. Furious, Essex ignores it, orders a night march and thinks he has finally cornered his foe. However, at a parley, Tyrone points out the smoke rising from the English camp, signifying the destruction of the food and ammunition the English army needs. With no alternative, Essex accepts Tyrone's terms; he and his men disarm and sail back to England. Thinking he has been betrayed, he leads his army in a march on London, to seize the crown for himself. Elizabeth offers no resistance to his forces, but once alone with him, convinces him that she will accept joint rule of the kingdom. He then naively disbands his army and is quickly arrested and condemned to death. The day of his execution, Elizabeth can wait no longer. She summons him, hoping he will abandon his ambition in return for his life . However, Essex tells her that he will always be a danger to her, and walks to the chopping block."] ['In the film, South African musicians, playwrights, poets and activists recall the struggle against apartheid from the 1940s to the 1990s that stripped black citizens of South Africa of basic human rights, and the important role that music played in that struggle. The documentary uses a mixture of interviews, musical performances and historical film footage. Among the South Africans who take part are Miriam Makeba, Abdullah Ibrahim, Hugh Masekela, Vusi Mahlasela and others. The freedom songs heard in the film have an important historical context. Particularly in the United States, freedom songs have referred to protest songs of the abolitionist, civil rights, and labor movements. Yet, in South Africa, the songs take on a different meaning, referring to a unique collection of songs tied to the struggle for racial equality during the twentieth century. Stylistically, freedom songs originated in choir as a unifying and prevalent genre that combined southern African signing traditions with Christian hymns. Most of the songs have simple melodies and are sung a cappella. More importantly, they are composed and sung in groups, and often reflect changing political circumstances and attitudes.Olwage, Grant. Composing Apartheid: Music For And Against Apartheid. , 160-161.'] ['In the first century BC, the Roman Republic has slid into corruption, its menial work done by armies of slaves. One of these, a proud and gifted man named Spartacus, is so uncooperative in his servitude that he is sentenced to fight as a gladiator. He is trained at a school run by the unctuous Roman businessman Lentulus Batiatus, who instructs Spartacus\'s trainer Marcellus to bully the slave mercilessly and break his spirit. Amid the abuse, Spartacus forms a quiet relationship with a serving woman named Varinia, whom he refuses to rape when she is sent to "entertain" him in his cell. Batiatus receives a visit from the Roman senator Marcus Licinius Crassus, an arch-conservative who aims to become dictator of Rome. Crassus buys Varinia on a whim, and for the amusement of his companions arranges for Spartacus and three others to fight in pairs. When Spartacus is disarmed, his opponent, an African man named Draba, spares his life in a burst of compassion and attacks the Roman audience. Crassus kills Draba. The next day, with the school\'s atmosphere still tense over this episode, Batiatus takes Varinia away to Crassus\' house in Rome. Spartacus kills Marcellus, who was taunting him over this, and their fight escalates into a riot. The gladiators overwhelm their guards and escape into the Italian countryside. Spartacus is elected chief of the fugitives and decides to lead them out of Italy and back to their homes. They plunder Roman country estates as they go, collecting enough money to buy sea transport from Rome\'s foes the pirates of Cilicia. Countless other slaves join the group, making it as large as an army. One of the new arrivals is Varinia, who escaped while being delivered to Crassus. Another is a slave entertainer named Antoninus, who also fled Crassus\' service after the Roman tried to seduce him. Privately Spartacus feels mentally inadequate because of his lack of education during years of servitude. However, he proves an excellent leader and organizes his diverse followers into a tough and self-sufficient community. Varinia, now his informal wife, becomes pregnant by him, and he also comes to regard the spirited Antoninus as a sort of son. The Roman Senate becomes increasingly alarmed as Spartacus defeats the multiple armies it sends against him. Crassus\' populist opponent Gracchus knows that his rival will try to use the crisis as a justification for seizing control of the Roman army. To try and prevent this, Gracchus channels as much military power as possible into the hands of his own protege, a young senator named Julius Caesar. Although Caesar lacks Crassus\' contempt for the lower classes of Rome, he mistakes the man\'s rigid outlook for nobility. Thus, when Gracchus reveals that he has bribed the Cilicians to get Spartacus out of Italy and rid Rome of the slave army, Caesar regards such tactics as beneath him and goes over to Crassus. Crassus uses a bribe of his own to make the pirates abandon Spartacus and has the Roman army secretly force the rebels away from the coastline towards Rome. Amid panic that Spartacus means to sack the city, the Senate gives Crassus absolute power. Now surrounded by Romans, Spartacus convinces his men to die fighting. Just by rebelling, and proving themselves human, he says, they have struck a blow against slavery. In the ensuing battle, most of the slave army is massacred by Crassus\' forces. Afterward, when the Romans try to locate the rebel leader for special punishment, every surviving man shields him by shouting "I\'m Spartacus!" Meanwhile, Crassus has found Varinia and Spartacus\' newborn son and has taken them prisoner. He is disturbed by the idea that Spartacus can command more love and loyalty than he can and hopes to compensate by making Varinia as devoted to him as she was to her former husband. When she rejects him, he furiously seeks out Spartacus  and forces him to fight Antoninus to the death. The survivor is to be crucified, along with all the other men captured after the great battle. Spartacus kills Antoninus to spare him this fate. The incident leaves Crassus worried about Spartacus\' potential to live in legend as a martyr. In other matters he is also worried about Caesar, who he senses will someday eclipse him. Gracchus, having seen Rome fall into tyranny, commits suicide. Before doing so, he bribes his friend Batiatus to rescue Spartacus\' family from Crassus and carry them away to freedom. On the way out of Rome, the group pass under Spartacus\' cross. Varinia is able to comfort him in his dying moments by showing him his little son, who will grow up without ever having been a slave.'] ["Jeanne de Saint-Rémy de Valois, orphaned at an early age, is determined to reclaim her royal title and the home taken from her family when she was a child. Some events were fictionalized in the movie. For example, her father was, in fact, the illegitimate offspring of a previous king and was not wealthy. When she is rebuffed by Marie Antoinette and fails to achieve her goal through legal channels, she joins forces with the arrogant, well-connected gigolo Rétaux de Villette and her own wayward, womanizing husband Nicholas. They concoct a plan to earn her enough money to purchase the property. King Louis XV had commissioned Parisian jewellers Boehmer and Bassenge to create an opulent {{convert}}, 647-diamond necklace to present to his mistress Madame du Barry, but the king died before it was completed. Hoping to recover the high cost of the necklace, its creators try to persuade Marie Antoinette to purchase it. Knowing its history, she declines. Jeanne approaches debauched libertine Cardinal Louis de Rohan and introduces herself as a confidante of the Queen. For years the Cardinal has yearned to regain the Queen's favor and acquire the position of Prime Minister of France, and when he is reassured by occultist Count Cagliostro that Jeanne is legitimate, he allows himself to be seduced by her promise to intervene on his behalf. He begins to correspond with the Queen and is unaware that his letters to her are intercepted and the Queen's responses are forgeries intended to manipulate him. The tone of the letters become very intimate. The cardinal becomes more and more convinced that Marie Antoinette is in love with him, and he becomes ardently enamored of her. Jeanne allegedly arranges a meeting between the two in the garden at the Palace of Versailles. Portraying the Queen is Nicole Leguay d'Oliva, an actress bearing some resemblance to her. Heavily cloaked, with her face in the shadows, she agrees to forget their past disagreements. The Cardinal believes his indiscretions have been forgiven and he once again is in the Queen's good favor. Jeanne advises the Cardinal the Queen has decided to purchase the necklace but, not wanting to offend the populace by openly buying such an expensive item, she wishes him to do so on her behalf, with a promise to reimburse him for the cost by the Feast of the Assumption. The Cardinal gladly agrees and presents the necklace to Rétaux de Villette, believing him to be an emissary from the Queen. Nicholas de Lamotte sells some of the diamonds, and Jeanne uses the profits to buy her family home. The Cardinal begins to panic when Jeanne disappears and his correspondence with the Queen comes to an abrupt end. His concern is put to rest by an invitation to visit the palace on the Feast of the Assumption, at which time he assumes he will be repaid in full and named Prime Minister. Instead, King Louis XVI, who has been made aware of his machinations by Minister Breteuil, has him imprisoned in the Bastille. Soon to follow are everyone else involved in the plot. A trial finds the Cardinal, Count Cagliostro, and Nicole Leguay d'Oliva innocent of all charges. Rétaux de Villette is found guilty and banished from France. Jeanne is found guilty and whipped and branded before being imprisoned; she later escapes to London where she publishes her memoirs and regales the locals with her tales. Eventually Marie Antoinette, assumed to be a key player in the affair by an increasingly angry and restless populace, meets her fate on the guillotine. We learn via an epilogue Jeanne died after falling from her hotel room window and was rumored to have been killed by royalists."] ['Johnny Tremain is an arrogant and exceptionally skilled apprentice silversmith to Mr. Lapham, who dreams of one day owning his own shop and becoming wealthy and respected. All of this is abruptly taken from him when his hand is damaged in a silver accident. He ends up joining the Sons of Liberty in the movement for American independence. Along the way Johnny befriends several historical giants including Paul Revere, Samuel Adams, and Joseph Warren. The story reaches its climax with the start of the American Revolutionary War and the actions taken by so many notable figures of the time to lead a young America into her first battles.'] ["The story revolves around the life and teachings of Sree Narayana Guru. Various events in his life like the Aruvikkara movement, Vaikom Satyagraha are detailed. The movie involves two major sub plots which highlights the relevance of the guru and his teachings as well as his love to his fellow beings one where an intercaste couple portrayed by Navya Nair and Kalabhavan Mani fights the caste establishment with the blessings of Gurudevan. Another sub plot involves a family where Jagathy Sreekumar plays a drunken abusive husband and his wife([[Kalpana  who is at the receiving end seeks the Guru's help and finally with the Guru's blessing Jagathy Sreekumar returns to the path of righteousness. The movie consists of four songs penned by Kaithapram Damodaran Namboothiri and two poems by Kumaranasan."] ['The film opens during the production of War and Peace at Mosfilm Studios in 1964. An elderly Russian noblewoman is set to appear as a film extra until her past comes to light. Although the film\'s political commissar demands her dismissal since she is a "wife of an enemy of the revolution", director Sergei Bondarchuk is adamant that he needs faces like hers for the production. As the commissar realizes it difficult by only using the file he has, he immediately recognizes the elderly woman behind him as the woman he is finding for, while the elderly woman is looking at her own 1910s photo. The film flashes back to the Baltic Sea in 1916. Captain Alexander Kolchak  is laying naval mines from his ship in German territorial waters when he runs across SMS Friedrich Carl, an armored cruiser of the German Imperial Navy. As chaos reigns on his ship, Kolchak sights in one of the guns and succeeds in seriously damaging the bridge of the German vessel. This buys him only a brief respite, however. Realizing that the enemy ship is blocking his line of escape, Kolchak informs his men that the only way to return to safety is to lure the Germans onto one of his mines. As the ship steams into the mines they have just laid, Kolchak leads his men in Russian Orthodox prayers for God\'s protection. Although they barely avoid hitting their own mines, the German ship is not so lucky and sinks with almost all hands. Later, at their naval base in the Grand Duchy of Finland, now promoted to Rear Admiral, Kolchak is introduced to Anna Timireva , the wife of his subordinate officer and close friend Captain Sergei Timirev. The strong attraction between them immediately becomes apparent. Although Sergei reminds his wife that they took vows before God, Anna is unmoved and wants nothing more than to be with the Admiral. Although terrified of losing him, Sofia Kolchak  offers to leave for Petrograd and let her husband be with Anna if he so desires. The Admiral, however, firmly tells her, "You are my wife and I am your husband. That is how it always shall be." His feelings for Anna continue to grow, however. When she approaches him to deliver a love letter, Kolchak informs her that they cannot ever meet again. When Anna demands to know why, the Admiral responds, "Because I love you." Later, he is informed that the Tsar  has promoted him to Vice Admiral in command of the Black Sea Fleet at Sevastopol. After receiving a last minute letter from Kolchak, Anna rushes to the train station to see off her beloved. She is too late, however, and experiences only an uncomfortable look from Sofia. After the February Revolution in 1917, officers are disarmed and summarily executed at the Kronstadt naval base. Sergei barely escapes the island with Anna. Meanwhile, a group of enlisted men, now with their cockades on their sailor caps changed from a Tsarist insignia to a red revolutionary cockade, arrive aboard Kolchak\'s flotilla in Sevastopol and demand that all officers surrender their arms. To avoid bloodshed, Kolchak orders his subordinates to obey. However, he throws his own sword into the harbor rather than hand it over, but the sailors didn\'t complain about it. Later, Kolchak is summoned to Petrograd by Alexander Kerensky , who offers to appoint him Minister of Defense. Kolchak, however, sharply criticises Kerensky for promoting indiscipline in both the Russian Army and Navy. He states that the only way he will accept is if he is given a free hand to restore old practices. Kerensky, enraged by Kolchak\'s "counterrevolutionary sympathies," exiles him to the United States, excusing that "the allies needs more experts". After the October Revolution, Anna and Sergei Timiriov are travelling on the Trans-Siberian Railroad when she learns that Kolchak has returned and is leading a detachment of the anti-communist White Army at Omsk. Sergei, who has become a Red Commissar, is shocked when she returns to their carriage and announces that she is leaving him. After commenting about what a year of Revolution it has been, Sergei helps Anna to pack her things. After hearing Kolchak\'s speeches about defeating the Bolsheviks and "restoring Russia," Anna is deeply moved and goes to work as a nurse among the wounded of the Russian Civil War. Meanwhile, Kolchak is informed that the Red Army is advancing on Omsk, assisted by sympathizers behind White lines. Although his advisors all suggest defending Omsk to the last, Kolchak decrees that they will instead evacuate Omsk and seize Irkutsk as the new capital of anti-communist Russia. During the evacuation of Omsk, Anna is recognized by a White officer who informs Kolchak. Deeply moved, the Admiral goes to her and announces that, although he made the mistake of leaving her once, he will never do so again. As the train steams toward Irkutsk, Kolchak informs Anna that he has written to his wife Sofia, who now lives in Paris, and formally asked for a divorce. Although he asks Anna to marry him, she insists that there is no need of marriage and that what matters is that they are together now. Eventually, she relents and they are seen attending the Divine Liturgy together. Meanwhile, Irkutsk is under the nominal control of the French General Maurice Janin and the Czechoslovak Legions. With their defenses disintegrating, the Red Army offers them only one way out alive. As a result, General Janin agrees to hand over Admiral Kolchak. As a massive land force of White soldiers rides and marches toward Irkutsk, Kolchak is placed under arrest by the Czechs and handed over to the Reds. Despite Kolchak\'s attempts to shield her, Anna insists that, as his wife, she must be arrested, too. Kolchak is given a cursory trial by the Irkutsk soviet and executed by a firing squad along the banks of the frozen Angara River. His last words are, "Send word to my wife in Paris that I bless our son." Kolchak\'s body is then dumped into a hole drilled into the ice by the local Orthodox clergy for Great Blessing of Waters on Epiphany. It is revealed that Anna survived more than 30 years in the Gulag and was only released during the Khrushchev thaw. Meanwhile, in 1964, Anna Timiorova witnesses a rehearsal for one of the ballroom scenes from War and Peace, as she accidentally bumps into an actor playing as a waiter, breaking a glass of wine, which reminds her of the first time she meets Kolchak, then the film shifts to her imagination as she dreams of the formal dance she was never able to share with her beloved. The fates of the film\'s main characters are revealed in captions.'] ['In 1585, Roman Catholic Spain ruled by King Philip II  is the most powerful country in Europe. Seeing Protestant England as a threat, and in retaliation for English piracy of Spanish ships, Philip intends to make war. He plans to take over England, and make his daughter Isabella the Queen of England in Elizabeth\'s place. In England, Elizabeth  is being pressured to marry by her advisor, Sir Francis Walsingham . She is aging and, with no child, the throne will pass to her cousin, Mary, Queen of Scots . The Queen is presented with portraits of appropriate suitors, but Elizabeth refuses to marry, particularly to the Archduke Charles of Austria , who has become infatuated with the Queen. Walter Raleigh  is presented at Elizabeth\'s court, having returned from the New World, and offers her potatoes, tobacco, two Native Americans, and gold from Spanish ships that he claims were "unable to continue their journey". The Spanish ambassador protests. Elizabeth commands that the Native Americans be treated well, and refuses to accept the gold. Elizabeth is attracted to Raleigh, enthralled by his tales of exploration, and asks Elizabeth Throckmorton  , her most favored lady-in-waiting, to observe him. Bess also finds Raleigh attractive and secretly begins an affair with him. Elizabeth meanwhile seeks guidance from her astrologer, Dr. John Dee  who predicts that two empires will go to war. However, he cannot predict which will triumph over the other, leaving Elizabeth to ponder her and England\'s fate. Jesuits in London conspire with Philip to assassinate Elizabeth and replace her with Mary, in what Philip calls "The English Enterprise," and which is known to history as the Babington Plot. Walsingham discovers the plot. From her imprisonment Mary sends secret correspondence to the Jesuits, who recruit Anthony Babington  to assassinate Elizabeth. Walsingham continues to warn Elizabeth of Spain\'s rising power and of the Catholic plots against her. However she, unlike her predecessor and sister Mary I, refuses to force her people  to share her beliefs. Even then, those conspiring against Elizabeth are being hunted and murdered, including Bess\'s cousin, whom Bess had failed to protect. After learning of her cousin\'s torture and death at Walsingham\'s hands, Bess turns to Raleigh for comfort. The barely hidden closeness of Bess and Raleigh causes tension between them, testing her desire to keep him in England and increasing his desire to go back to the New World. Walsingham\'s brother, a Papist, knows of the plot against Elizabeth. It is revealed that Walsingham had known of the plot all along, intercepting letters, and his brother is jailed. He reveals the plot to Elizabeth, who angrily confronts the Spanish diplomats. The Spanish ambassador feigns ignorance and accuses Elizabeth of receiving Spanish gold from pirates and insinuating a sexual relationship with Raleigh. A sword fight nearly ensues between the queen\'s male escorts and the Spanish contingent. She throws the Spaniards out of court. Meanwhile, Philip is cutting the forests of Spain to build the Spanish Armada to invade England. Mary, Queen of Scots, writes letters condoning the plot. Babington storms into a cathedral where Elizabeth is praying and points a gun at her. Elizabeth opens her arms, seemingly fearless. He pulls the trigger, and the gun fires. At first Walsingham is unable to discern why the gun was harmless, though it is later revealed by the traitor in the torture chamber that there was no bullet in the gun. Elizabeth learns of Mary\'s involvement, and Walsingham insists she be executed to quell any possible revolt. Elizabeth is reluctant, but nevertheless agrees. Mary is tried for high treason. She is beheaded, ascending the block in a blood-red dress, red being the Catholic liturgical colour for martyrs. Walsingham sees that this was part of the Jesuit\'s plan all-along. Philip had never intended Mary to become queen. Since the Pope and other Catholic leaders regarded Mary as the true Queen of England, Philip uses Mary\'s death to obtain papal approval for war. In England, Raleigh asks to leave for the New World, which Elizabeth forbids, instead knighting him and making him Captain of the Royal Guard. Bess discovers she is pregnant with Raleigh\'s child and, after telling him the news, she pleads with him to leave. He chooses not to, and the couple marry in secret. At the same time, Elizabeth awakes during a dream as the wedding is taking place. She confronts Bess a few weeks later, who confesses that she is indeed pregnant with Raleigh\'s child, and that Raleigh is her husband. An enraged Elizabeth berates Bess, reminding her that she cannot marry without royal consent. Feeling betrayed, the queen banishes Bess from court and has Raleigh imprisoned for the crime of seducing a ward of the Queen. Walsingham arranges for his brother, William, who is eleven years Francis\' junior, to be released and taken to France on the condition that he must never return to England. The Armada begins its approach up the English Channel, and Elizabeth forgives Bess and sets Raleigh free to join Sir Francis Drake in the battle. Elizabeth gives her Speech to the Troops at Tilbury seated on a war horse wearing full plate armour. The Spanish ships and army vastly outnumber England\'s, but at the last moment, a major storm blows the Armada towards the beaches, endangering their formation and ships. They drop anchor, and the Armada becomes a sitting duck for English fire ships. Elizabeth, back at her coastal headquarters, walks out to the cliffs and watches the Spanish Armada sink in flames. Philip\'s plan is shattered. Elizabeth visits Walsingham on his deathbed, telling her old friend to rest. She then visits Raleigh and Bess and blesses their child. Elizabeth seemingly triumphs personally through her ordeal, again resigned to her role as the Virgin Queen and mother to the English people.'] ["In Darkness is a dramatization of a rescue of Jewish refugees in the Nazi-occupied Lwów. For over a year, a Polish Catholic sewer maintenance worker and burglar thief Leopold Socha hid and cared for a group of hunted Jews who had escaped the massacres and deportations during the liquidation of the Lwów Ghetto, at first helping them in exchange for a daily pay, but then continuing to do so long after the Jews' money run out and aiding them became ever more dangerous."] ['A family traveling through New Salem, Illinois in their wagon need groceries from Lincoln\'s store and the only thing of value they have that he\'ll take in exchange is a law book. After thoroughly reading the book, Abe opts for the law after receiving encouragement from his early, ill-fated love, Ann Rutledge . Too poor to own even a horse, he arrives in Springfield on a mule and soon establishes a law practice with friend John Stuart . At a July 4 celebration, a man is murdered in a brawl: the accused are two brothers. Lincoln prevents the lynching of the two accused at the jail, inter alia by telling the angry mob he really needs these clients for his first real case. Admiring his courage, Mary Todd  -- later to be his wife—invites Lincoln to her sister\'s soiree and expresses an intense interest in his future. The key witness to the crime is a friend of the victim who claims to have seen the murder at a distance of about 100 yards under the light of the moon. The family and Lincoln are pressured to save one of the brothers at the expense of the other\'s conviction. But Lincoln persists and is able, through the use of an Almanac, to demonstrate that on the night in question the moon would not have provided the light the supposed eyewitness claimed. He then drives the witness to confess that he had in fact stabbed his friend himself. A scene cut from the film involved Lincoln meeting a very young John Wilkes Booth, his future assassin. The film has as its basis the murder case involving William "Duff" Armstrong, which took place in 1858 at the courthouse in Beardstown, Illinois -- the only courthouse where Lincoln practiced law that is still in use.'] ["In the year 1920, a young man from Suriname named Waldemar Nods goes to the Netherlands to study. His dark skin will watch and discrimination. He came to The Hague on lodgings at Rika, who went to live separately from her deeply religious husband William after she discovered him cheating with the maid Jans. She has all four of their children  included. Waldemar and the 17 year older Rika start a relationship and she becomes pregnant. She says nothing and goes to Waldemar for a woman to an illegal abortion, but changes his mind. When she was four months pregnant she tells that Waldemar. This is angry that she had been told nothing this time, and leaves. Wim and Jan walk away, to William. Waldemar comes back. William comes to Rika by to tell him a job in Indonesia is presented, and suggests her to go. He will accept the baby as his own child. He changes his mind and that the father has dark skin. It also demands through the courts Bertha and Hank, with success. He refuses a divorce so that Rika can not remarry with Waldemar. The child is a boy, they call him Waldy, nicknamed Sonny Boy. Because of Rika's extramarital affair, and then also with a Surinamese, says the landlord rent. Rika and Waldemar roam the streets with Waldy, but the older Jewish man meet Sam, she is home. With financial support from Sam and Waldemar Rika start a guest house in Scheveningen. Netherlands is occupied by the Germans. Rika and Waldemar are forced to give shelter to German soldiers. Over time, however, have Rika and Waldemar Road because the area is cleared for the Atlantic. Rika because she gives up five children gives them a big new house allotted. At the request of a young resistance fighter Rika let people into hiding. Because the fee is higher than for Dutch Jews she chooses. Later there will be a deserter from SS. First Waldy not informed, but later. Waldy get along with the ex-SS man. Waldy sees that Sam is away on the street, and is shocked. It is discovered hiding, and Waldemar, Rika, Waldy and hiding are arrested. Waldy is released and goes to live with relatives. This is not safe, because the Germans want to Waldemar and Rika during interrogations put pressure Waldy re-arrest. He is therefore placed with a farmer. He asks in the hunger winter of people who come precious jewelry in exchange for some food. Waldy approve that, but the farmer replies that everyone is trying to ride a piece, Rika and Waldemar were also paid for hiding. Rika dies in a concentration camp. Waldemar is also transferred to a concentration camp, but its language, he may work in the mailroom. Thus he sees opportunity to send letters to Waldy clandestinely. After Hitler's death he is deported to the ship Cap Arcona. This is attacked by the Allies. He jumps into the sea and swim to shore , then he is still slain by two German child soldiers."] ['{{plot}} Early on in the film, the family\'s association with Martin Harris, a prominent figure of the early Latter Day Saint movement, is established. Carefully woven throughout the film are events which tie into actual history of the Church, such as Harris\' mortgage of his farm for the publication of the Book of Mormon. In the film, Harris recommends the Smith boys as hired help for the Steeds. The Smith boys prove to be hard workers, but are eschewed by some town members. Apparently, they are put off by Smith\'s claims of seeing a vision and claim that someday he will receive a "Gold Bible". The Steeds\' oldest son, Joshua, is quickly swayed by the towns people\'s attitudes and encourages his father to fire the Smith boys. At the same time he is courting the wealthy merchant\'s daughter, Lydia McBride. Soon, as Joshua\'s friendship with some of the town\'s ne\'er-do-well\'s increases, he has a falling out with his father and leaves home. He finds work at the town\'s port, but quickly adopts the habits of his friends and becomes a drunkard. However, he still tries to court McBride, though it becomes increasingly difficult as her father disapproves of Steed. However, the Steeds\' younger son, Nathan, believes Joseph\'s story, having heard it directly from him. He meets McBride while trying to contact his brother, Joshua. He doesn\'t court her, knowing his brother\'s affection for her, but it is clear early-on that they have an easy relationship and similar interests. Eventually, Benjamin Steed ends his employment of the Smith boys, believing his association with them is detrimental to his family\'s reputation. Joshua and his friends learn Smith is about to receive the "Gold Bible"  and set up a plan to ambush him and steal the gold. Lydia learns of their plan and warns the Steed family, who in turn with her warn the Smith family. They arrive at the Smith home just before Joseph does . Learning of the attack, the Benjamin and Nathan head into town to find Joshua. Finding him at his usual haunt, the local bar, Benjamin confronts him. Joshua is standoffish, but doesn\'t deny he and his friends attacked Smith. A fight breaks out between Benjamin and his son, though no serious injuries are inflicted. The confrontation results in Joshua fleeing the town and becoming an outlaw, eventually settling in Missouri. With Joshua gone, Nathan and Lydia\'s relationship grows and strengthens. In order to receive permission to marry Nathan, Lydia must attend a private school in Boston for a year, but Nathan uses this time to purchase his own land and build his own home. However he also becomes a staunch follower of Smith, which infuriates McBride\'s father, and he demands she break her engagement to him. She flees from the school before completing the requisite year. At the edge of the Frontier, Joshua learns of his brother\'s engagement to Lydia, for whom he still holds a torch. He returns to Palmyra and confronts Nathan. After a squabble, Lydia herself declares that she loves Nathan and would never return to Joshua. He flees again as the town\'s law enforcement has a warrant for his arrest. Lydia confronts Nathan, asking him who he loves more, her or the new gospel. Because he is unable to deny either, she breaks with him. Nathan writes a letter to Lydia, trying to win her back and delivering her a copy of the Book of Mormon. Her father, however, finds it before she receives it and discards it in the trash. All this while, Benjamin has been suspicious of Smith and his religion. However, his entire household is intrigued by Smith and try to learn more, but Benjamin has forbidden mention of his name or the religion Smith founded in his household. After a confrontation with Nathan one day, he reconsiders his decision and agrees to allow the family to investigate Smith\'s church if they need to. Nathan then takes his sisters and his mother to one of Smith\'s meetings in a distant area. They are all subsequently baptized . While they are gone, Lydia discovers Nathan\'s discarded letter and book. Defying her parents, she visits Nathan\'s in-construction home and studies his Book of Mormon gift. When Nathan returns, he finds here acceptance of her proposal.'] ['The story commences in 1939, Alex Schottland , a general in the German Army, is actually a British agent who was planted in Germany toward the end of the First World War. He is growing weary of being a spy, but is urged to continue by his friend and fellow British agent, Cornaz , who is posing as a watchmaker. Schottland passes on information that Germany is about to attack Russia. Capt. Reinisch , Schottland\'s suspicious aide, discovers that Schottland has changed his name from Scotland and is of British ancestry. However, his superiors scoff at the possibility that Schottland is a spy. To deflect suspicion, Schottland says that "defeatists" in the high command have been leaking information to the enemy. Cornaz is arrested after their courier to the British is arrested. Schottland, as a customer at the watchmaker\'s shop, is summoned to headquarters for questioning. There Schottland is forced to watch impassively as Gestapo officer Mueller  tortures Cornaz to death in a gruesome scene, in which a fire hose is used to force water into Cornaz\'s bowels. Schottland is arrested but soon released because of intervention by a high-ranking Nazi, Ernst Kaltenbrunner. Cornaz\'s replacement is Lili Geyr , an attractive pianist. He pretends to be having an affair with Geyr while actually giving her information. That antagonizes Reinisch, who is in love with Geyr. Schottland is ordered to the front, and shoots a corporal who interrupts him broadcasting information to the Allies. Schottland returns to Berlin, and, now unable to transmit important information, has decided to resort to sabotage. He begins to cunningly trick Hitler into making strategic military blunders. Reinisch kills Geyr as she attempts to escape to the Allies. Schottland kills Reinisch, and subsequently casts suspicion on Muller as a traitor. Schottland is incriminated, and he crosses the lines to be captured by British troops.<ref namehttp://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title.jsp?scarlettTitleIdThe Two-Headed Spy |accessdateTCM.com}}'] ['In 1780, General Benedict Arnold commands the Continental Army defences at West Point, New York. Major John Bolton , a dragoon officer assigned to counter-intelligence, intercepts and kills a British spy leaving the Storm King Tavern, and captures a letter found on the spy. He reports to Gen. Robert Howe , that the coded message was from the British spy calling himself "Gustavus" to "James Osborn", in care of Dr. Jonathan Odell of New York, stating that Arnold has taken command at West Point. The secret knowledge indicates that the spy is a "highly placed person". Bolton returns to the tavern, where one of his contacts, stableboy Ben Potter , tells him that the Tory wife of a redcoat, Mrs. Sally Cameron , is travelling under a flag of truce possibly carrying information to the enemy. She catches them searching her room, where Bolton takes her safe conduct pass after verbally sparring with her. Mrs. Cameron tries to seduce Bolton to obtain its return, but he rebuffs her. A messenger arrives with a package for "Mr. Moody," but when no one by that name can be found, Mrs. Cameron\'s escort steps forward to deliver the package to "Moody," who has been travelling, in uniform, as an American officer. Bolton recognizes him as an impostor, and in a struggle over the package, kills him. Other American officers arrest Bolton for murder and deliver him to Howe. A pass through the lines found hidden in his boot reveals that the impostor was actually Moody, a spy, who had another coded letter from Gustavus to Osborn in his possession. The package, a ream of blank paper, concealed a message to Gustavus from Osborn written in invisible ink requesting an urgent meeting to finalize an unknown arrangement. Howe proposes that Bolton "desert" to the British. Bolton agrees, aware that he could be hanged if the British discover his mission. With Moody\'s pass, Bolton passes through the British lines, but the British lieutenant on duty recognizes that he is not the same man who previously used the pass and follows him. In New York, Bolton calls upon Dr. Odell , trying to deliver the letter. The lieutenant bursts in to arrest Bolton, but when he addresses him as "Mr. Moody", Odell takes Boulton and the letter to British Army Major John André ([[Michael Wilding  for deciphering, using a pair of spectacles to isolate key words. Bolton claims that he was Moody\'s source of information. He offers to continue working for the British. Odell bluntly tells Bolton that he thinks his story is too neat and believes him to be a Rebel spy. But André takes an immediate liking to Bolton. He invites him to a dinner party that evening, where Bolton suffers an anxious moment when Sally Cameron  is present. Bolton\'s explanation corroborates information about the murder that André had checked, and Sally provides the perfect eyewitness. Bolton is sent with two Tory agents to sabotage the chain barrier across the Hudson River before a British attack on the American position at Verplanck, so that British warships can pass.The film is in error placing the chain between Stony Point and Verplanck. It was however the location of the strategic King\'s Ferry crossing of the Hudson, held by the Americans in 1780, and used a year later by Washington\'s army marching to Yorktown. André gives one a letter to deliver afterwards at the Storm King Tavern. Bolton drowns one agent, but when he tries to arrest the other, is confronted by an armed Ben Potter, who still thinks that Bolton is a murderer and deserter. The agent disarms Ben and nearly kills Bolton. Ben finds his gun and shoots the agent. At a secret meeting with Howe, Bolton uses spectacles to decipher the letter, which points to Gustavus as someone at West Point with authority. Bolton volunteers to return to New York to identify the mysterious James Osborn. Odell more than ever believes Bolton is a spy, but Bolton convinces André that the British agents completed their mission. To trap him, Odell writes a false dispatch from "Mr. Osborn" for Bolton to steal. At another dinner, Bolton notices that Sally Cameron only pretends to toast the King. She has also fallen in love with him and warns Boulton about Odell\'s trap. The British attack on Verplanck is crushed and results in Boulton\'s arrest as a Rebel spy. He is saved from hanging by André, who intervenes for him after Sally confesses her feelings for Bolton and begs him to vouch on Bolton\'s behalf. He does so, despite her refusal of his marriage proposal. Putting duty before personal considerations, André asks Bolton to accompany him to a meeting between Gustavus and Osborn aboard the sloop Vulture. André assures Bolton that Gustavus and Osborn have conjured a quick end to the war. The wily Gustavus changes the meeting at the last moment to the house of a Tory sympathizer and orders André to come alone. Bolton persuades André to go in uniform, and not in civilian clothing, lest he be captured as a spy. Soon after, Odell detects Bolton warning American shore batteries of the British presence, but Bolton escapes by swimming ashore to the American garrison. The American commander, Col. Jameson , is sceptical of Bolton\'s loyalties and stubbornly prevents him from capturing Gustavus and Osborn. Gustavus escapes. Osborn has been captured and Bolton realizes that Benedict Arnold is Gustavus. To his horror, Bolton learns that Osborn is André, and worse, that he changed into civilian clothes trying to escape. At André\'s court-martial, Bolton testifies that André entered the lines in uniform and changed into civilian clothing only at Arnold\'s treacherous orders. The court reluctantly sentences André to be executed as a spy. André pledges his continuing friendship with Bolton and asks him to protect Sally from any retribution. Bolton brokers a last-minute deal to exchange André for Arnold, but André considers the suggestion a taint on his honour and declines.'] ["In the 1930s, Teresa  is a naive young woman dealing with the oppressive attitudes of society and her father's austere ways. She has a fling with university Latin professor Jonathan Crow . It takes her a while to figure out that he will not get serious with her. Teresa then starts dating liberal-minded banker James Quick . Once she's settled down with Neill, the idealistic Teresa becomes enamored with another intellectual, poet Harry . Quick encourages the affair, hoping that Teresa will come to realize that there's more to true love than mere sexual impulsivity."] ["Legend of the Fist: The Return of Chen Zhen is set in the period before the Second Sino-Japanese War. Chen joins a group of Chinese men to help the Allies fight the Germans in France during World War I. He returns to China after the war, taking on the identity of Qi Tianyuan, a fellow comrade who was killed in action. Back in Shanghai, Chen joins an underground resistance movement to stop the Empire of Japan from invading China. He befriends Liu Yutian, a businessman and owner of a nightclub frequented by foreign dignitaries. At the same time, he is romantically attracted to Kiki, a nightclub singer who is actually a Japanese undercover agent. One night, Chen discovers that the Japanese are planning to assassinate General Zeng, the son of a northern warlord, and push the blame to General Zhuo, a rival warlord. Zeng's death will spark off a civil war between the two warlords and aid the subsequent Japanese invasion. Chen disguises himself as a masked superhero (based on The Green Hornet's sidekick [[Kato  and defeats the assassins and saves Zeng. With the operation failed, Tokyo sends a name list of prominent anti-Japanese activists to Colonel Chikaraishi Takeshi, leader of the Japanese secret agency in Shanghai, ordering him to kill the people on the list within a month. Chikaraishi leaks out the list, causing panic among the populace, and pays a visit to the nightclub. Chikaraishi initially finds Chen suspicious, and his doubts are confirmed when he compares a photo of the real Qi Tianyuan with the one stolen from Chen by Kiki. Chikaraishi is aware of Chen's true identity and he challenges Chen to save the people on the list. Chen and Chikaraishi engage in a race of time to save and assassinate the activists respectively, with most of the targets being killed while others manage to escape. Eventually, Chikaraishi's younger brother leads a team of killers to murder the editor of the Shanghai Times, who is a friend and fellow comrade of Chen. Chen fails to save him on time and sees his friend die before him, after which he takes vengeance on the murderers. In the meantime, Chen figures out that Kiki is a spy and warns her to leave or he will kill her. At this point, Chikaraishi starts to distrust Kiki and he forces her to kill General Zeng's girlfriend, one of her close friends. The blame is placed on General Zhuo and the angered General Zeng attacks Zhuo with support from Japanese forces, starting a war. One night, the Japanese corner Chen on the street and knock him into unconsciousness, before bringing him to their headquarters to torture him. Chikaraishi reveals to Chen that he is the son of the Hongkou dojo's master, who was defeated and killed by Chen years ago. He releases Chen and says that he will personally avenge his father later. Concurrently, Chen's friends stage a raid on the Japanese headquarters and cause serious damage with explosives before fleeing the scene. The Japanese track down Chen's comrades and murder them for revenge later. Chen is thrown out of a car in front of the nightclub and remains in coma for days while he recovers from his injuries. With the Japanese invasion underway and General Zhuo killed in action with his forces in full retreat, there seems to be nothing that the resistance can prevent the Japanese from occupying Shanghai. Chikaraishi sends Kiki to challenge Chen Zhen to a fight in the Hongkou dojo. Chen accepts the challenge and meets Chikaraishi, who kills one of his comrades and Kiki in front of him. In rage, Chen defeats all the combatants alone, after which he faces Chikaraishi in a one-on-one bout and defeats his opponent eventually. At the end of the film, Chikaraishi is replaced with another officer while Chen is seen dressed in his superhero costume, and he continues to help the resistance oppose the invaders."] ["Captain Harry Lewis , of the British East India Company, is investigating why over 2000 natives are missing but encounters a deaf ear from his superior, Colonel Henderson, who is more concerned with the local English merchants' caravans which are disappearing without a trace. To appease them, Henderson agrees to appoint a man to investigate and Lewis believes it will be him. However, he is sorely disappointed when Henderson gives the job to the newly arrived, oblivious Captain Connaught-Smith, the son of an old Henderson friend. Lewis believes a gang is murdering both the men and animals of the caravans and then burying the bodies. He presents the haughty new man with his evidence, his theories, and later his personal experience of actually seeing the cult but the captain is antagonistic and derisive towards Lewis who eventually resigns his commission in frustration to investigate on his own. Meanwhile, the merchants decide to band together and create a super-caravan whose size will discourage the bandits, they believe. Ram Das, Lewis' houseboy, believes he has seen his brother, Gopali, who disappeared some years ago, and receives permission to search for him. Lewis learns that Ram Das has been captured by the Thugs when his severed hand is tossed through the window of his bungalow. Soon after, the Thugs compel Gopali Das, a new initiate of the cult, to kill his brother, the dismembered Ram. The hidebound Captain Connaught-Smith leads the caravan and foolishly allows the stranglers in the guise of innocent travelers to join them. That night, the Thugs strike with their usual success. Lewis and Lt. Silver, a cult member, investigate the caravan's disappearance. Lewis sees the scar that marks Silver as a Thuggee follower of Kali and shoots him in self defense. Lewis then discovers the buried bodies and goes to the cult's outdoor temple where he is caught and set to die on a burning pyre. Gopali Das, however, now haunted by his brother's death at his own hands, frees Lewis and they escape in the ensuing tumult. Based on Lewis' evidence, Henderson brings in soldiers to wipe out the cult as he and Lewis confront Patel Shari, the merchants' local representative. Patel's identity as a Thug leader is revealed and Lewis, who now knows the complete plot, kills him. The film ends with Lewis receiving a promotion from Henderson for his help in wiping out the Thuggee cult."] ["Medgar Evers was a black civil rights activist in Mississippi; he was murdered by an assassin on June 12, 1963. It was suspected that Byron De La Beckwith, a white supremacist, was the murderer. He had beeen tried twice and both trials ended in hung juries. In 1989, Evers' widow Myrlie, who had been trying to bring De La Beckwith to justice for over 25 years, believed she had what it takes to bring him to trial again. Although most of the evidence from the old trial had disappeared, Bobby DeLaughter, an assistant District Attorney, decided to help her despite being warned that it might hurt his political aspirations and despite the strain that it caused in his marriage. DeLaughter becomes primarily involved with bringing De La Beckwith to trial for the third time 30 years later. In 1994, Byron De La Beckwith was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment."] ['From a secure bank vault, the answers to Twenty One, a popular primetime quiz television show, are sent into a television studio as studio producers Dan Enright  and Albert Freedman  watch from the control booth. The evening\'s main attraction is Queens resident Herbert Stempel , the reigning champion, who answers question after question. However, both the network and the corporate sponsor of the program, a supplementary tonic called Geritol, find that Stempel\'s approval ratings are beginning to level out, meaning the show would benefit from new talent. Enright and Freedman find a new contestant in Columbia University instructor Charles Van Doren , son of the renowned poet and intellectual Mark Van Doren  and the novelist Dorothy Van Doren . The producers subtly offer to rig the show for him but Van Doren uprightly refuses. Enright soon treats Stempel to dinner at an upscale restaurant, where he breaks the news that Stempel must lose in order to boost flagging ratings. Stempel begrudgingly agrees, only on the condition that he remains on television, threatening to reveal the true reason of his success: the answers had been provided for him. Stempel and Van Doren face each other in Twenty One, where the match comes down to a predetermined question regarding Marty, the 1955 winner of the Academy Award for Best Picture. Despite knowing the correct film, Stempel gives the wrong answer, allowing Van Doren to get a question he previously answered while in Enright\'s offices; he provides the winning response. In the weeks that follow, Van Doren\'s winning streak makes him a national celebrity. Buckling under the new pressure, he begins to let the producers directly give him the answers instead of researching for them himself. Meanwhile, Stempel, having lost his financial prize winnings to a fleeting bookie, begins threatening legal action against the NBC network after weeks go by without his return to television. He is shown going into the office of New York County District Attorney Frank Hogan. Richard N. "Dick" Goodwin , a young Congressional lawyer from Harvard Law, becomes intrigued when he reads that the Grand Jury\'s findings from Hogan\'s proceedings are sealed. He travels to New York to investigate rumors of rigged quiz shows. Visiting a number of contestants, including Stempel and Van Doren, he begins to suspect Twenty One is indeed a fixed operation. However, Stempel is a volatile personality and nobody else seems to corroborate that the show is rigged. Goodwin enjoys the company of Van Doren, who invites him to social gatherings, and doubts a man of Van Doren\'s background and intellect would be involved in the hoax. Stempel desperately confesses to being in on the fix himself, and further insists that if he got the answers in advance, Van Doren did as well. This wins Stempel an angry tell-off from his wife, who believed in him. With the evidence mounting, Van Doren deliberately loses, but is rewarded with a sizable contract from NBC to appear as a special correspondent on the Today show. Meanwhile, Goodwin proceeds with the hearings before the House Committee for Legislative Oversight, with extended proof of the show\'s corruption. Goodwin strongly advises Van Doren to avoid making any public statements supporting the show. If he agrees to this, Goodwin promises not to call Van Doren to appear before the Congressional committee. However, at the prompting of the NBC network head, Van Doren issues a statement reaffirming his trust in the honesty of the quiz show. Stempel testifies before Congress and, while doing so, implicates Van Doren, forcing Goodwin to call him in as a witness. Van Doren goes before Congress and publicly admits his role in the conspiracy. At first, Congress is very impressed with him, but one Congressman from New York is unimpressed and puts Van Doren in his place, turning the tide against him. Afterward, he is informed by reporters of his firing from Today as well as the university\'s decision to ask for his resignation. Goodwin believes he is on the verge of a victory against Geritol and the network, but instead realizes that Enright and Freedman will not turn in their bosses and jeopardize their own futures in television; he silently watches the producers\' testimony, vindicating the sponsors and the network from any wrongdoing.'] ["In its view on history, evil King John resumes his old ways after the death of Richard the Lionheart with the plan to keep his power by importing Continental mercenaries and paying them through oppressive taxation. King John first attempts to kill the son of his old nemesis Robin. His henchmen fix a faulty protective cap to the lance of a Flemish Knight who challenges Robin in a joust. When Robin survives the lance attack he challenges his opponent to a joust without protective devices, impaling the Flemish Knight. Having returned from the Crusades, Robin and Little John re-recruit the aging Merrie Men who wage a guerilla type war throughout the realm with intelligence provided by Lady Marianne's carrier pigeons. The film concludes with Robin and the Archbishop of Canterbury compelling the defeated King John to seal the Magna Carta.p.56 Fraser, George MacDonald The Hollywood History of the World Penguin Book group, 1988"] ['{{Plot}} As the Norfolk Naval Shipyard  fell to Confederate forces, and the Union forces withdrew, Leslie Harmon  extinguished a powder trail to destroy a dry dock. Although of military necessity, the act would have caused significant collateral damage to neighboring civilians. Harmon is awaiting a court martial when he is brought to Commodore Joseph Smith  and his son Lt. Joseph B. Smith, Jr. . As the Union Navy is concerned as to reports of a Confederate ironclad, CSS Virginia, being built from the remains of the burned USS Merrimack, father and son Smith offer Harmon a pardon if he will conduct espionage on the project: indeed, Gosport regards Harmon a hero for his actions. He will be assisted by a socialite from a wealthy family, Betty Stuart , who detests slavery. After a moment of apprehension, Harmon accepts. Harmon gets to attend a test where the iron that makes up the hull is fired on. During the test the armor proves to be unable to withstand the cannon rounds. With the help of a slave, Cletus , he learns that the test firing is deliberate disinformation, manufactured for suspected Union sympathizers. He discovers plates in the barn from a previous secret test have almost no damage. Betty is able to provide more information on the Virginia from her social networks in the Confederate navy. Betty, in league with Cletus\' wife Opal , sends information north regularly. However, after Betty urges Harmon to return North with the information, she falls in love with Catesby Jones  whom she later learns is to serve on the Virginia. Her love for Catesby compromises her love for the Union, and she tries to stop Harmon at the beach, threatening to alert the pickets on the beach. Harmon notes that he is responsible for having saved the dry dock and must stop the Virginia, and notes that having him shot would merely put him in the same spot he was in in the brig. He rows off for Union-occupied Fort Monroe across Hampton Roads: Betty does not compromise him after all. Betty and Opal have words over her anguish: Opal would rather see Cletus dead than be a slave, Opal disagrees that one man\'s life is more important than the war, and responds to Betty\'s concession of misunderstanding that Betty would understand if she was black. Betty confesses her role to Catesby before the Virginia sails off to break the Union blockade at Hampton Roads. Betty is promptly arrested by Lt. Guilford  on suspicion of espionage. The Virginia first approaches the USS Congress as Lt. Smith rallies his men on board to "do their duty"; Captain Franklin Buchanan  of the Virginia rallies his men, similarly. Congress fires a full broadside into Virginia to no effect. Buchanan wants to take the U.S.S. Cumberland first because it is a more dangerous warship with rifled cannon, sinks it, and returns to the Congress. Lt. Austin Pendergrast  has become a praying man. He becomes acting captain when Smith is killed rallying his men during the firefight. Prendergrast orders the ship surrendered, however, Brigadier General Joseph K. Mansfield\'s shore batteries prevent the Virginia from boarding the Congress, and wound Captain Buchanan when he goes on deck and returns fire with a carbine. Buchanan orders Catesby to set the Congress ablaze, which he does. Opal joins Betty a short time later and they discover that the evidence found on Opal was not sufficient proof of Betty\'s guilt, and also that Catesby Jones did not report Betty to authorities. However, Opal reminds Betty of the predicament she is in, and shows her a gallows being built outside the window. Betty watches Lt. Guilford honor the courage of a Union spy, Spencer Brown , who is immediately hanged. That night, Guilford asks Betty not to die for a lost cause, as Lt. Smith had done, according to survivors from the Congress. Father Smith only needed to know that the Congress surrendered: his son would not have surrendered. Betty asks if she has to die for a lost cause, would he honor her, too? No, he says. The USS Monitor sails in between the burning Congress and the Virginia to protect the USS Minnesota, which has run aground and is defenseless until high tide returns the next day. Only the low tide has prevented Virginia from finishing off the Minnesota. Captain Van Brunt Civil War Navy Dispatches offered instructions and Leslie Harmon to Captain John Worden  of the Monitor. Worden makes Harmon, familiar with Hampton Roads and the CSS Virginia, midshipman on the spot. The morning of battle, Catesby Jones introduces his crew to the Monitor between them and the Minnesota. Worden does his best to engage Virginia as far from the Minnesota as he can. Virginia\'s first shot demonstrates that Monitor\'s armor will hold. Virginia "steers worse than Noah\'s Ark", Lt. Simms  informs Catesby that Virginia is leaking at the bow, Harmon tells Worden it would take Virginia 30 minutes to turn, and later adds that Virginia would be grounded in shallow water. It is. Engineer Ramsey  is ordered to tie the safety valve closed, and the desperate attempt gets them free. Monitor\'s two gun revolving turret shake metal loose from Virginia but that is all. Finally, Virginia tries to ram Monitor but misses. Worden tries the same, trying to knock out Virginia\'s rudder, but is temporarily blinded by a shell blast through the eye holes. Monitor has also missed. Monitor temporarily withdraws until Worden tells Lt. Samuel Green  to protect the Minnesota. But Virginia can no longer get near the Minnesota for a good shot, nor attempt a long shot with any accuracy. Risking splitting open the bow and short of steam pressure for the pumps, Catesby withdraws as Monitor returns to the Minnesota. Both sides claimed victory, but the Monitor denied Confederate access to the ocean. John Ericsson  has an argument with Secretary of the Navy Gideon Welles  over the use of insufficient powder in Monitor\'s guns to sink the Virginia: Welles responds it was a calculated decision to save the lives of the crew. President Lincoln  settles the row by saying Ericsson has made naval history and, moreover, offers to pay Ericsson\'s bill. Lt. Guilford, glad not to hang a "pretty girl", releases Betty and Opal. Catesby had reported that Betty had communicated misinformation to the Union that made the Monitor fire the guns with reduced powder. She meets Catesby, and Catesby respects Betty\'s conscience, but notes that a relationship is impossible because she had to risk the life of Catesby and his men. He advises her to go North, and says goodbye. A voiceover indicates that the Virginia was scuttled later that year after Union troops took Norfolk, and that the Monitor sank off Cape Hatteras later that year as well.'] [" The film is set against the backdrop of unrest in East Pakistan in the late 1960s leading up to the Bangladesh War of Liberation. In this setting, a small family must come to grips with its culture, its faith, and the brutal political changes entering its small-town world. Anu, a young boy, is sent off to a madrasah by his unbendingly devout father Kazi. Anu's younger sister falls ill and dies because of Kazi's refusal to use conventional medicine. While at the madrasah, Anu befriends Rokon, an eccentric misfit in the rigorous religious school, who is forced by the teachers to undergo an exorcism by ducking in the freezing river to cure himself. Personal tragedies beset the family and tests its loyalty to the obdurate patriarch Kazi, who still believes in the religious unity of Pakistan, in the face of cruel, contradictory events. A shattering political development then changes their town, their life, and the inner dynamics of the family, including the patriarch's role."] ["Bess Nugent  and her daughter Ellie , visit their close relative Lord Wellington ([[Hugh Fraser  in Spain during the Peninsular War. They are there to search for Bess's husband, Will . Wellington however refuses to assist their foolhardy mission, demanding they go home to Ireland. Meanwhile, Major Richard Sharpe  is assigned the task of handing over 50 rifles in exchange for some British deserters caught by a Spanish guerrilla leader named El Casco . The two ladies catch up to Sharpe's detachment, forcing him to take them along for their protection. The trade goes as planned. However, when he starts back without helping the Nugents, they ride off, forcing Sharpe to go after them. The ladies encounter El Casco's men; Bess is killed and Ellie taken captive. When she is taken to El Casco's cave lair, she finds her father, though he has become deranged, presumably after witnessing atrocities committed by the Spaniards . Sharpe tracks them down, fights the Spaniards and rescues Ellie and her father. El Casco wounds Sharpe, but is killed by Sergeant Harper ."] ['The movie starts off in 1861 with the protagonist Harrison Bolding  bidding farewell to his wife before heading off to war. The movie then fast forwards to 1864, during the Battle of the Wilderness. As the fighting wears down and night begins to fall, Bolding and two other soldiers, James Hogg  and After Stand Kennerly  get separated from their company and become lost in the thick woods. They happen to run into three other soldiers, John Sunderlin , Augustus Elliot , and Pietro Brolo  without realizing they are on the opposite side in the darkness of the night. The six weary men socialize by the campfire, telling stories and sharing any food they have left. When the sun rises the next morning, the soldiers now realize they come from different sides of the battlefield. As tensions grow, they are also stuck in between the rest of the Confederate and Union soldiers, approaching each other. The two sides come closer and closer, before firing simultaneously. The barrage of fire kills all the men, ending the movie.'] ["Abelard is a famous teacher of philosophy at the cathedral school of Notre Dame, and a champion of reason, at a time when academics are required to observe chastity. He falls in love with one of his students, Héloïse d'Argenteuil, a sixteen-year old gentlewoman raised in a convent, who has both intellectual curiosity and a rebellious view of the low status of women in 12th century Europe. When the relationship is suspected, Heloise's uncle Fulbert, who had other plans for her marriage, works with the bishop of Paris to put a stop to it.Stealing Heaven at answers.com Nevertheless, Abelard and Heloise have a child together and later are secretly married. Abelard faces a struggle with himself for acting against the will of God and yet loves Heloise too much to be able to stop himself. Heloise's uncle takes a terrible revenge on Abelard for ruining Heloise's chance of a rich husband.Stealing Heaven, the Story at derekdelintfansite.com"] ["The film starts with God  meeting Abraham  to sell monotheism. After Abraham declines, God promises to end Abraham's theft problem by destroying the city of Sodom, where the thieves are coming from, within three days. Abraham asks God to get his nephew Lot  out of the city before he destroys it. God replays the command to his subordinates Raphael  and Michael . Lot runs a lottery stall and collects the proceeds toward building a cultural center for Sodom's children. Lot's wife  is a former pop singer whose career went downhill after she married Lot. They have a single daughter, Charlotte . Sodom is run by Bera the king of Sodom, a corrupt dictator surrounded by yes men, who has two sons—the elder and successful Ninveh  and the younger and stupid Liam . When Bera accidentally finds out that Sodom is about to be destroyed and Lot saved, he concocts a plan to switch places with Lot, as the archangels set to destroy the city had never actually seen Lot. He sends his elder son to seduce Charlotte, but to his chagrin his son falls in love. Bera tells Lot that he is ill and needs to get away from his usual surroundings, so they change places. As Lot takes the role of king, he becomes conceited and forgets his plans to help the children of Sodom. Bera finds out that Ninveh plans to betray him for the sake of Charlotte, and has Ninveh imprisoned. He instead decides to wed his younger son Liam to Charlotte. Ninveh escapes and crashes the wedding, telling the guests that there is no food, so they start to riot. He tells everyone that Sodom is about to be destroyed, and Lot and Bera make their escape with their families. On their way out they are met by Raphael and Michael, who would only let Lot pass, but both Lot and Bera pretend to be Lot. Lot's wife betrays her husband and supports Bera. The angels propose splitting Lot's wife in two as in Solomon's Judgement, but even though Lot cares more about her, they assume that Bera is in fact Lot, and let his escape with Lot's wife. Sodom is then blown up with dynamite, which Abraham witnesses and signs the contract with God. However, while it makes a big blast, no damage is done, and God tells his angels that it was a ploy to swindle Abraham into signing the contract. Bera brings Abraham the money from the wedding, and the latter accepts him into the family, while Lot remains to rule Sodom. It is shown that Sodom later moves to a more lucrative real estate location—Tel Aviv."] ['A lumberjack, John, travels to Alaska from Seattle in search of gold. He marries a dance-hall girl named Sally, but soon finds that she was once in love with his best friend, Blackie.'] ["The story begins with the birth of the Tsarevich Alexei in the opulent surroundings of the Imperial Court. The Russo-Japanese War is on and Tsar Nicholas  is warned by Count Witte  and Grand Duke Nicholas  that the war is futile and costing too many lives. They also tell him that the Russian people want a representative government, health care, voting and workers' rights, but Nicholas wants to maintain the traditional autocracy left to him by his forefathers. Meanwhile, underground political parties led by Vladimir Lenin ([[Michael Bryant , Joseph Stalin  and Leon Trotsky ([[Brian Cox  have formed. Alexei is soon diagnosed with haemophilia. The Tsarina Alexandra  is frantic. A shy former German princess who is not highly thought of by the Russian royal court, she is isolated, but is befriended by Grigori Rasputin , a Siberian peasant who describes himself as a religious pilgrim or holy man. He has become a curiosity with some people at court. Later Alexandra calls upon him to help her pray for Alexei, and comes to believe in his healing, life-saving abilities. In a textile mill, working under ghastly conditions, the people are encouraged by their priest, Father George Gapon . He leads them, joined by many other peasant workers, in a clearly peaceful procession to the Winter Palace, intending to present a petition to the Tsar. Hundreds of soldiers stand ready in front of the palace; their commanding officer tells them to shoot up in the air, but he falls from his horse, there is a panic, and the soldiers proceed to fire randomly into the crowd. Nicholas has not been at the palace and is horrified when he hears of the massacre, but admits he wouldn't have granted the people's requests. ([[Bloody Sunday  Eight years later, on the 300th anniversary of Romanov rule, the family holidays at the Livadia Palace in the Crimea. Alexei  is a very lively little boy who is constantly prevented from leading a normal life. A close bond, however, exists between Alexei and his bodyguard/protector, the Russian Naval Sailor Nagorny . Prime Minister Pyotr Stolypin , who succeeded Witte, has commissioned the Imperial Duma and granted some of the people’s requests in order to preserve the Russian Empire. Prime Minister Stolypin also presents Nicholas with police reports about Rasputin's dissolute behaviour, which is serving to give the Tsar a bad reputation. As a result, the Tsar dismisses Rasputin from the court. Alexandra demands his return. She knows Alexei’s haemophilia was inherited from her, and is racked with guilt. She is obsessed with the thought that only Rasputin can stop the bleeding attacks when they occur. The Tercentenary celebration occurs in a grand fashion with much partying and festivities, but takes a turn for the worse when Prime Minister Stolypin is shot at an opera performance in Kiev. Nicholas retaliates not only by uprooting the conspiracy and executing the killers, but also by closing the Duma and allowing police to terrorise the peasants and burn their homes. Alexei has a minor fall at the Spala Hunting Lodge, which leads to his worst internal bleeding attack yet. It is presumed that he will die. The Tsaritsa writes a letter to Rasputin, who soon responds with words of comfort and confidence. Sure enough, the Tsarevich recovers, and Rasputin is allowed to return. World War I begins a few weeks after the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina, part of Austria-Hungary. Germany declares war on Russia immediately after Nicholas has ordered the mobilisation of Russia’s forces on the German border. Nicholas decides to command the troops himself in 1915 and leaves for the front, taking over from his much more experienced cousin, Grand Duke Nicholas. This leaves Alexandra in charge at home. Under Rasputin's influence and her own conservative inclinations, she makes unwise decisions. Very few people have been told about Alexei's illness or how Rasputin appears to be helping him, so it looks like the Tsarina is losing her mind, or perhaps having an affair with Rasputin. Out on the front lines, Nicholas is visited by his mother the Dowager Empress Maria Foeodorovna , , who scolds him about not attending to crumbling domestic issues and implores him to eliminate Rasputin . On a sort of drunken whim, two decadent young princes, Grand Duke Dmitri  and Prince Felix Yusupov ([[Martin Potter , invite Rasputin to an opium party and kill him in December, 1916. Deprived of her only trusted advisor, Alexandra becomes unable to cope. Workers go on strike everywhere. The army is ill supplied. Starving and freezing, they revolt and St. Petersburg is overrun with them. Nicholas makes a long return to Tsarskoye Selo, but is forced to abdicate in his train at Mogilev, not only for himself but for Alexei, who is furious when he hears this, and becomes withdrawn, believing that the family will soon perish.  The family (and Dr. Botkin  are forced to leave the Alexander Palace at Tsarskoye Selo by Kerensky and are brought to Siberia in mid-1917, where they live under less grand conditions with rough but decent guards. In late 1917, Russia falls into the hands of the Bolshevik Party, the one revolutionary group that nobody took seriously. The Russian Civil War starts very soon afterwards, and the family is transferred to the grim Ipatiev House in Yekaterinburg, under harsher conditions, and into the keeping of the cold-blooded and unfeeling Yakov Yurovsky ([[Alan Webb  . At one point, some of the guards are physically harsh with young Alexei, so Nagorny leaps to his defence and attacks them. Nagorny is taken away and shot, leaving Alexei even more embittered and withdrawn than he was before. In a near-final tragic scene, the family is shown laughing as they read previously withheld letters from friends, relatives and teachers. Only Alexei remains aloof, sensing what is about to happen. The Bolsheviks are frantically deciding what to do as the White Army is on the verge on capturing Yekaterinburg. In the middle of the night of 16/17 July 1918, the Bolsheviks awaken the Romanov family and Dr. Botkin. Told they’re being sent to another city, the family and the doctor pack their things and wait in the cellar. Their keeper Yurovsky and his assistants enter the room, as Alexei kisses his father for the last time. They point their guns at the family, causing Olga  and Tatiana  to scream, Maria  to run into the doctor’s arms and Alexandra to cross herself. Then they open fire, and the first bullet goes through Nicholas' hand. The end scene shows the wall covered in blood."] ['The films tells the true story of explorer Sir Ernest Shackleton and his 1914 Antarctic expedition on the ship Endurance. After the ship is trapped and then crushed by pack ice, Shackleton vows to find rescue for his men. He undertakes an epic journey across ice, 800 miles of the Southern Ocean and an uncharted mountain range on South Georgia Island, to find a whaling station from where he rescues his entire shipwrecked party. Not a single man died in this real life epic adventure.'] ['The film begins in the summer of 1914. At 75 years old, King Carol I, the founder of modern Romania, is living a quiet life at the Peleş Castle. He has by his side Queen Elisabeth, his devoted wife and friend. The King faces the pains of age with sobriety, although these do not compare to his morale kneadings.{{clarify}} Carol I is in a tough position; his family roots dictate that he should enter World War I alongside Germany and the Austro-Hungarian Monarchy, but public opinion calls for Romania to remain neutral. The king plays his last card in the Crown Council. He tries to persuade the representatives of the people to enter the war alongside the Central Powers.'] ['France is under the reign of the militaristic King Louis XIV, who is bankrupting the country with his unpopular wars. When starving peasants in Paris start rioting for food, he responds by ordering his chief adviser Pierre, to send them rotten food - although he later orders Pierre executed for this and all rioters shot dead. Meanwhile, the king wallows in hedonistic luxury and seduces a parade of women. The legendary Three Musketeers have retired from their posts: Aramis is now a priest of the Jesuits; Porthos is a frequent visitor to Parisian brothels; Athos has a son named Raoul who has just returned from the war and signifies his application to join the musketeers, like his father who once served with pride and honor. Meanwhile, Athos gives Raoul his wife\'s ring, saying that the only lady worthy to wear it is the one that Raoul loves. The lucky girl he loves is Christine Bellefort whom he intends to propose for marriage. At a festival, the two lovers are greeted by an older D\'Artagnan, who is still in the service of the King as Captain of the Musketeers, striving to retain the esprit de corps of the old days. D\'Artagnan wishes Raoul and Christine luck, but just before Raoul can propose, the king\'s eyes fall on Christine. He arranges for Raoul to be returned to combat, where he is killed by the Dutch cannons while leading ground troops in an attack en-masse. The news of his son\'s death reaches Athos, who, in a fit of rage, proceeds to the king\'s palace to seek vengeance. He injures two musketeers before D\'Artagnan overpowers him on the Palace grounds. This puts a severe strain on Athos\'s friendship with D\'Artagnan, who he now sees as a traitor for siding with his son\'s killer. In the wake of Raoul\'s death, Louis invites Christine to the palace where she sleeps with him, grateful for the medical assistance his doctors have given to her mother and sister. When Louis orders the death of the secret leader of the Jesuit order, Aramis sets in motion a plot to overthrow the king with the help of his old comrades for the secret leader is none other than him. Only Athos and Porthos agree to the plan; D\'Artagnan refuses to betray his oath of honor and allegiance to the king. The three former Musketeers sneak into an island prison and arrange the escape of a mysterious prisoner: a man in an iron mask. They replace him with a corpse in a matching iron mask and, pretending it is plague ridden, burn it so the guards will not know the face behind the iron mask. They take the young man to a safe house in the countryside and unmask him: he is Philippe, the identical twin of King Louis. While he is identical to his brother, Philippe is compassionate and gentle. Aramis reveals that Philippe was sent away by his father, King Louis XIII, to save France from dynastic warfare. Later, when Louis discovered Philippe\'s existence, he was too superstitious to have his own brother murdered; so instead, he devised a way to keep him hidden: the iron mask. Aramis, at time still serving as a musketeer and clad in black uniform, the only thing Philippe remembers, was the one who took him away to prison, an act which has haunted him ever since. Meanwhile, King Louis succeeds in seducing Christine completely, claiming that he ordered Raoul to be placed far from the battlefront. Christine receives a letter from Raoul, predicting his death and saying that he forgives her for becoming the king\'s mistress. Whilst in bed with Louis, Christine admits that she still loves Raoul and that she is not in love with him. Enraged, Louis forsakes Christine. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis teach Philippe how to act like royalty, so he may replace Louis as king. Together they abduct Louis during a fancy dancing ball. Before his absence is revealed, Philippe takes his place. However, Philippe\'s good nature gives him away when he helps one of the dancing ladies up from the floor after she falls over and spares Christine\'s life when she storms in and openly accuses him of murdering Raoul , promising to make amends for wronging her. D\'Artagnan realizes something is amiss, orders all palace musketeers to be on full alert, and personally escorts Philippe outside. They arrive at the docks just as Athos, Porthos, and Aramis are about to sail for the Bastille with Louis. The men collectively decide to make a trade for the brothers\' lives; however, Philippe is re-captured in the ensuing chaos of their escape. Afterwards, D\'Artagnan is stunned to learn that Philippe is Louis\' brother and pleads with Louis to spare his life. Louis at first refuses, but Philippe bluffs that he is more terrified of the iron mask than death itself, begging to be executed rather than sent back to prison. Louis orders him placed in the Bastille and once again in the mask. In the aftermath, Christine is found to have hanged herself from her bedroom window. Athos, Porthos, and Aramis brush off their old Musketeer uniforms and, with D\'Artagnan\'s help, break into the Bastille prison and escape with Philippe. Louis, however, has prepared an ambush. Fortunately, the narrowness of the corridor and the guards\' respect for D\'Artagnan, their captain, prevents them from overwhelming the four Musketeers with their numbers, although the five men eventually end up trapped against a barred door at the end of the corridor with no way out. Determined to save his friends, Philippe offers to give himself up in exchange for their lives. D\'Artagnan refuses, revealing to everyone\'s astonishment, that he is actually the twins\' father, having had an affair with Queen Anne, and that it was out of fatherly devotion that he served Louis, not loyalty. D\'Artangan adds that he feels the pride as a father only for the first time upon learning that Philippe is also his son. The four Musketeers and Philippe make a final charge at Louis\'s front line. Their "magnificent valour" stuns the soldiers into immobility, angering Louis and forcing to him repeatedly shout orders to fire. He lays his hands on one of the soldiers\' muskets and it goes off, setting off the rest, with many of the men shutting their eyes or looking away out of reluctance. The smoke clears to reveal the five men still standing; all the shots, barring a few flesh wounds, missed. An enraged Louis lunges toward Philippe and tries to stab him. D\'Artagnan jumps between them and is fatally wounded. Philippe knocks Louis down and begins to strangle him, but D\'Artagnan, with his dying breaths, reminds Philippe that Louis is his brother. Philippe embraces his father for the first and last time as he dies, commenting that D\'Artagnan was the one wearing the mask all along. D\'Artagnan\'s right-hand man, Lieutenant Andre is furious at Louis for killing D\'Artagnan and upon finding out Philippe was brother to Louis and of royal blood, orders his men to close the door and swears them to secrecy. By the time another battalion breaks in, the three Musketeers and Lieutenant Andre have made Louis and Philippe swap clothes and locked Louis in the iron mask. Philippe introduces Athos, Porthos, and Aramis as his royal council and truest friends. Posing as the king, Philippe orders the guards to take Louis and lock him away. The Musketeers give their respect and kneel before Philippe, honoring him as their true King. Philippe, Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and Queen Anne attend D\'Artagnan\'s funeral, in which the three Musketeers are finally redeemed. After the funeral, Philippe asks Athos to love him like a son and Athos accepts, kissing Philippe\'s hand. Afterward, the three musketeers walk away through the long line of proud saluting musketeers under the helm of Lieutenant Andre as new captain, while the elite group chants their battle cry "One for All, All for One". Louis  now lives in a country house, where he is often visited by his mother. Thereafter, France was reformed under Philippe  who gave his people food, prosperity and peace. He is remembered as the greatest ruler of France.'] ["The story revolves around Vandiyathevan, a charming,brave and a brilliant young man who sets out to the Chola land to deliver a message to the King and the Princess from the Crown Prince Aditya Karikalan. The story shuttles between Vandiyathevan's travels in Chola country and the young Prince Arulmozhivarman's travels in Sri Lanka. The narrative deals with attempts by his sister Kundavai to bring back Arulmozhi  to establish political peace in a land seemingly getting besot with unrest and signs of civil war, plotted by vassals and petty chieftains. Parantaka Chola was succeeded by his second son Gandaraditya as the first son Rajaditya had died in a battle. At the time of Gandaraditya's death, his son Maduranthaka was a child and hence Gandaraditya’s brother Arinjaya ascended the throne. After Arinjaya’s death, his son Parantaka II, Sundara Chola was coronated. He had two sons, Aditya Karikalan and daughter Kundavai and the younger son Arulmozhivarman,the later known Rajaraja. When the story starts, the emperor Sundara Chola is ill and bedridden. Aditya Karikalan is the general of the Northern Command and lived in Kanchi and Arulmozhivarman  is in Sri Lanka in battle and their sister Kundavai Piratti lived in Chola royal household at Pazhayarai. The story is set in motion, when rumor starts that there is a conspiracy against Sundara Chola and his sons. One person who gets a glimpse of the Pandya conspirators is a warrior the Vanar kula veeran Vallavarayan Vandiyathevan. It is through Vandiyathevan that we meet most of the characters in the novel such as Arulmozhivarman, the prince whom all the people loved, and Periya Pazhavetturayar, the chancellor who married Nandhini, when he was sixty. During his youth, Aditya Karikalan had fallen in love with Nandhini, but she turned vengeful after Aditya Karikalan killed Veerapandyan  and vowed to destroy the Chola dynasty. We also meet Kundavai Devi, who after hearing the news of the conspiracy sends Vandiyathevan to Sri Lanka to give a message to Arulmozhivarman to come back immediately. Besides these, there are other characters like Maduranthaka Thevar, the son of Gandaraditya and Aniruddha Brahmarayar,Sundara Cholar’s Prime Minister and the man who has eyes and ears everywhere. But the most wonderful character in the book is Brahmarayar’s spy Azhwarkadiyan Nambi, a who roams around the country challenging for debates. He collects information for the Prime Minister and is always around Vandiyathevan, rescuing him during trouble. There are some lovely women too, like Vanathi,Kodumbalur princess who is in love with Arulmozhi; Poonkuzhali, the boat woman who rows the future king to Lanka; Mandakini, the deaf and dumb step mother of the original maduranthaka chola and Rakkammal, the wife of a boatman who supports the Pandya conspirators. Most memorable among these is Nandhini, whose beauty is said to have the power to influence any man and manimegalai, the sister of kandhamaranwho helps nandhini without any knowledge that she herself is the conspirator and also he turns against Vandhiyathevan, his best friend. In the meanwhile, With Poonkuzhali's help, Vandiyathevan reaches Sri Lanka, meets Arulmozhivarman, and becomes his close friend. In Lanka, Arulmozhivarman realizes that his father had spent some time in an island near Lanka and had been with a girl born deaf and dumb. He meets her and realizes from her drawing that she and his father have had two children. Who are those children and do they have the right to the throne? Later one day in Thirupurambayam forest Vandiyathevan sees Nandhini and the Pandya conspirators place a small boy on a throne and take a vow in front of him. Who is this boy and what right does he have to the throne? While coming back from Lanka, Arulmozhivarman is caught in a cyclone and goes missing. Rumor spreads that he is dead, but he survives and stays at Choodamani Viharam, a Buddhist monastery in . Then slowly the dispersed family starts assembling. The conspirators meanwhile choose one day in which both the king and both of his sons would be assassinated."] ['King Kasyapa  is the son of King Dhatusena . Kasyapa murdered his father by walling him alive and then usurping the throne which rightfully belonged to his brother Mogallana , Dhatusena\'s son by the true queen. Mogallana fled to India to escape being assassinated by Kasyapa but vowed revenge. In India he raised an army with the intention of returning and retaking the throne of Sri Lanka which was rightfully his. Knowing the inevitable return of Mogallana, Kasyapa is said to have built his palace on the summit of Sigiriya as a fortress and pleasure palace. Mogallana finally arrived and declared war. During the battle Kasyapa\'s armies abandoned him and he committed suicide by falling on his sword.  {| class"50%" |- bgcolor="#CCCCCC" ! Actor !! Role |- | Leigh Lawson || Kasyapa, the God King |- | Oliver Tobias || Migara |- | Geoffrey Russell || King Dhatusena |- | Ravindra Randeniya || Moggallana |- | Iranganie Serasinghe || Varuni |- | Joe Abeywickrema || Swami |- | Anne Loos || Leila |- | Vijaya Kumaranatunga || Lalith |- | Douglas Wickremasinghe || Council Leader |- | Mano Breckenridge || Opposition Leader |}'] ['The film begins in the 6th century in England with the death of the king, Uther Pendragon. Uther did not leave an heir to his throne, and without a king, "it seemed that the land would be torn by war". Suddenly, the "Sword in the Stone" appears in London, with an inscription proclaiming that "Whoso Pulleth Out This Sword of this Stone and Anvil, is Rightwise King Born of England." None succeed in removing the sword, which is soon forgotten, leaving England to the Dark Ages. Many years later, Merlin, "The world\'s most powerfull wizard." predicts that a small boy, named Arthur , will come to his cottage. While accompanying his older foster brother Kay on a hunting trip, Wart accidentally prevents Kay from shooting a deer. He goes to retrieve the arrow, and falls into Merlin\'s cottage. Merlin declares himself Wart\'s tutor and the two return to Wart\'s home, a castle run by Sir Ector, Arthur\'s foster father. Although Merlin convinces him that magic exists via conjuring up an indoor blizzard , Ector will not allow him to tutor Wart, so Merlin magically disappears, which persuades Ector to let Merlin stay. Ector\'s friend, Sir Pellinore, arrives with news about the annual jousting tournament to be held on New Year\'s Day in London, with the new development that the winner will become king. Ector decides to put Kay through serious training for the tournament and makes Wart his squire. Merlin transforms Wart and himself into fish and they swim in the castle moat to learn about physics. Wart is attacked by a pike and saved by Archimedes, Merlin\'s owl. Wart is sent to the kitchen as punishment after he tries relating his lesson to a disbelieving Ector. Merlin enchants the dishes to wash themselves, then takes Wart for another lesson and turns them into squirrels to learn about gravity. Wart is almost eaten by a wolf, that has been trying to eat him since the beginning of the film, but is saved by a female squirrel who falls in love with him. She traps the wolf in the log and he floats down the river to be never seen again. After they have returned to human form, Ector accuses Merlin of using black magic on the dishes. Wart defends Merlin but Ector will not listen, punishing Wart for "popping off" by giving Kay a different squire, Hobbs. For his third lesson, after apologizing to Wart and resolving to redeem him, Merlin transforms him into a sparrow and Archimedes, having charge of Wart\'s education reassigned to him , teaches Wart how to fly. Wart is attacked by a hawk and flies down the witch Madam Mim\'s chimney. Mim\'s magic uses trickery, as opposed to Merlin\'s scientific skill. Merlin arrives after she nearly kills Arthur and challenges Mim to a Wizards\' Duel, in which the combatants change themselves into various non-imaginary animals to destroy one another. Mim breaks the rules first by disappearing, then eventually transforming into a dragon. Merlin transforms himself into a germ called "Malignalitaloptereosis" and infects Mim, effectively defeating her, thus demonstrating the importance of brains over brawn. At Christmas Eve, Kay is knighted but Hobbs comes down with the mumps; Ector reinstates Wart as Kay\'s squire. Merlin is disappointed that Wart still prefers war games to academics. Wart tries to explain that, he\'s lucky to be Kay\'s squire and that Merlin\'s urgings that he aim for anything better are pointless. This further aggravates Merlin, who in shouting "Blow me to Bermuda!" in anger, unwittingly transports himself to 20th-century Bermuda. Ector, Kay, Pellinore, Wart and Archimedes travel to London for the tournament. Wart realises he has left Kay\'s sword at a nearby inn, which is closed because of the tournament. Archimedes notices a sword in a stone in a nearby churchyard. Wart pulls the sword from the stone, unwittingly fulfilling the prophecy. When Arthur returns with the sword, Ector and Black Bart recognize it as the Sword in the Stone and the tournament is stopped. Demanding that Arthur prove he pulled it, Ector replaces the sword in its anvil. None of the other men can remove it as before, but Wart pulls it out again. This time the sky grows brighter and miracles appear in England. The knights all proclaim, "Hail, King Arthur! Long live the King!" as the crowd kneels down before him, the first being Ector, who apologises to Wart for his previous harsh treatment. Arthur, crowned king, sits in the throne room with Archimedes, yet feels unprepared to take the responsibility of royalty. Overwhelmed by the cheering crowd outside, Arthur calls out to Merlin for help, who arrives from Bermuda and is elated to find that Arthur is the King that he saw in the future. Merlin tells the boy that he will lead the Knights of the Round Table, becoming one of the most famous figures in literature and even in motion pictures.'] ['In 1944, after enduring racism throughout their recruitment and training in the Tuskegee training program, the 332d Fighter Group of young African American USAAF fighter pilots are finally sent into combat in Italy, although flying worn-out Curtiss P-40 Warhawk aircraft. Chafing at their ground attack missions against trains and enemy ground transport, the Tuskegee Airmen recognize that they may never fight the Luftwaffe in fighter-to-fighter combat. The tight-knit group of Capt. Martin "Easy" Julian , Lt. Joe "Lightning" Little , Ray "Ray Gun" or "Junior" Gannon , and Samuel "Joker" George  under the guidance of Major Emanuel Stance  and Col. A.J. Bullard , face a white military bureaucracy still resistant to accepting black flyers as equals.An "aviator call sign" or "callsign" is a nickname given to a military pilot or other flight officer. With origins back to World War II, the call sign is a substitute for a name, and is used on name tags, aircraft and radio conversations, to simplify communications and possibly mask the origin of the person from the enemy. The call sign is given and was a source of contention with "Junior" Gannon who wants others to call him "Ray Gun".Powell, 2nd Lt. William. [http://www.af.mil/news/story.asp?idN Strife develops between roommates and best friends, Easy and Lightning, each of whom are battling their own inner demons; Lightning is a hotheaded and reckless pilot who takes too many risks, while Easy is an alcoholic prone to self doubt. After returning to base from a mission, Lightning spies a pretty Italian girl named Sofia , becomes instantly infatuated with her, and starts a relationship. Meanwhile, Stance is able to secure a chance to "light up the board" when the Tuskegee Airmen are chosen to support the Allied landings at Anzio, Italy known as Operation Shingle. There, they battle Messerschmitt Bf 109 fighters led by a German ace pilot they nickname, "Pretty Boy" , scoring their first aerial victories over the enemy, as well as destroying a German airfield. However, Ray Gun is injured during the battle and suffers impaired vision in one of his eyes. Ray Gun begs Easy to keep him on the flight roster who ultimately relents and allows him to keep flying. Bullard is then approached by the USAAF Bomber Command, who are impressed with the Tuskegee Airmen\'s performance and ask him to use his fighters as Boeing B-17 Flying Fortress bomber escorts due to unacceptably high casualties among bomber crews. Bullard accepts on the condition that his unit be supplied with the new North American P-51 MustangThe Tuskegee Airmen initially were equipped with Curtiss P-40 Warhawks fighter-bomber aircraft, briefly with Bell P-39 Airacobras , later with Republic P-47 Thunderbolts , and finally the fighter group acquired the fighter aircraft with which they became most commonly associated, the North American P-51 Mustang .<ref nameN. The tails of the aircraft are painted bright red and become the unofficial name of the outfit. Bullard noted that the flaw of previous escort fighters is that they would recklessly pursue German fighters at the cost of protecting the bombers, so he orders his pilots to stay with the bombers at all costs. Their first escort mission is a success, with the 332nd downing multiple Luftwaffe aircraft without the loss of a single bomber. However, Ray Gun is shot down and captured while Deke crash lands and nearly dies. As a result of his injuries, Deke is discharged, and Ray Gun is assumed to be dead. Easy realizes it was his fault Ray Gun was allowed to fly, blames himself and spirals deeper into alcoholism. Lightning, worried about his friend, makes a deal with Easy; he will follow orders and fly less recklessly as long as Easy remains sober. Meanwhile, attitudes against the Tuskegee Airmen begin to change as they earn the bomber crews\' respect, even being allowed into the "whites only" officer\'s club. Ray Gun is sent to a POW camp, where he is recruited by a group of POWs who are planning to escape. The escape attempt is successful, but some of the POWs are spotted by a guard so Ray Gun draws the Germans\' attention while the other POWs escape. One of the POWs manages to reach the 332nd\'s base and informs them about Ray Gun\'s sacrifice, assuming him to be dead. Later, Lightning finally proposes to Sofia and though she originally hesitates, she later accepts as long as he stays in Italy, which he agrees to do. The Tuskegee Airmen are then tasked with escorting the first American bombers to attack Berlin. However, despite their P-51s having more than enough fuel for the trip, the 332nd is only asked to escort the bombers on the first leg of their journey due to propaganda reasons. But the fighter squadron meant to relieve the 332nd never arrives, and Easy makes the decision to stay with bombers all the way. They are then attacked by Pretty Boy, now leading a flight of the revolutionary new Messerschmitt Me 262 jet fighters. Despite being outclassed by their superior speed and 30 mm cannon, the Tuskegee Airmen are able to shoot a few down. Pretty Boy manages to get on Easy\'s tail and is about to shoot him down, but at the last moment, Lightning attacks and kills Pretty Boy in a head-on attack. Although victorious, he is mortally wounded, and Lightning eventually crashes and dies. Easy is then forced to inform Sofia about Lightning\'s death and consequently overcomes his alcoholism for good. At Lightning\'s funeral, Ray Gun miraculously returns, having survived his escape from German captivity. Ultimately, the Tuskegee Airmen are awarded the Presidential Unit Citation in honor of their achievements.'] ['After killing Pretty Boy Floyd , FBI agent Melvin Purvis  is promoted by J. Edgar Hoover  to lead the hunt for John Dillinger . Purvis shares Hoover\'s belief in using scientific methods to battle crime, ranging from cataloging fingerprints to tapping telephone lines. In between a series of bank robberies, Dillinger meets Billie Frechette  at a restaurant and woos her by buying her a fur coat. Frechette falls for Dillinger even after he reveals his identity, and the two become inseparable. Purvis leads a failed ambush at a hotel where he believes Dillinger is staying; an agent is killed by Baby Face Nelson , who escapes with Tommy Carroll . Purvis requests that Hoover bring in professional lawmen who know how to catch criminals dead or alive, including Texan Charles Winstead . Police arrest Dillinger and his gang in Tucson, Arizona, after a fire breaks out at the Hotel Congress. Dillinger is extradited to Indiana, where he is locked up in the Lake County Jail in Crown Point, by Sheriff Lillian Holley . Dillinger and other inmates use a fake gun to escape. Dillinger is unable to see Frechette, who is under tight surveillance. Dillinger learns that Frank Nitti\'s  associates are unwilling to help because his crimes are motivating the FBI to prosecute interstate crime, which imperils Nitti\'s bookmaking racket. Carroll goads Dillinger into a bank robbery in Sioux Falls with Baby Face Nelson. During their escape, both Dillinger and Carroll are shot, and they have to leave Carroll behind. The group retreat to the Little Bohemia Lodge in Manitowish Waters, Wisconsin, and realize their haul is significantly less than Nelson said it would be. Dillinger hopes he can free the rest of his gang from prison, including Pierpont  and Makley , but "Red" Hamilton  convinces him this is unlikely. Purvis and his men apprehend Carroll and torture him to learn the gang\'s location. Purvis organizes an ambush at Little Bohemia. Dillinger and Hamilton escape separately from the rest of the gang. Agents Winstead and Hurt  pursue Dillinger and Hamilton through the woods, engaging in a gunfight in which Hamilton is fatally wounded. Trying to escape, Nelson, Shouse, and Van Meter hijack a Bureau car, killing Purvis\'s partner Carter Baum  in the process. After a car chase, Purvis and his men kill Nelson and the rest of the gang. Hamilton dies that night. Dillinger meets Frechette, telling her he plans to commit one more robbery that will pay enough for them to escape together. When Dillinger drops her off at a tavern he thinks is safe, she is arrested. Frechette is beaten during interrogation to learn Dillinger\'s whereabouts, which she does not reveal; Purvis and Winstead eventually arrive and intervene. Dillinger agrees to participate in a train robbery with Alvin Karpis  and the Barker Gang, intending to flee the country the next day. He receives a note from Billie through her lawyer, Louis Piquett , telling him not to try to break her out of jail. Through Zarkovich, Purvis enlists the help of madam and Dillinger acquaintance Anna Sage , threatening her with deportation if she does not cooperate. She agrees to set up Dillinger, who she believes will come to hide out with her. Dillinger and Sage see Manhattan Melodrama at the Biograph Theater. After the film, Purvis signals other agents upon seeing them leave. Dillinger spots the police but is shot before he can draw his gun. Winstead listens to Dillinger\'s last words. Purvis goes to inform Hoover of Dillinger\'s death. Winstead tells Frechette, still incarcerated, that he thinks Dillinger\'s dying words were, "Tell Billie for me, \'Bye bye Blackbird\'." The closing text reveals that Melvin Purvis quit the FBI in 1935 and died by his own hand in 1960, and that Billie lived out of the rest of her life in Wisconsin following her release in 1936.'] ['During the Battle of Sarıkamış, the Ottoman army runs out of ammunition and appeals for help to the people of Van, who happen to have supplies. However, the First World War is on and all the men are fighting at the four corners of the empire and therefore can not respond to the appeal. The young children of Van want to do something and when the Principal of a school, who has lost a son in the war, suggests that they transport ammunition, 120 young boys aged 12 to 17 volunteer and take to the road. The movie tells the true story of the 120 boys and their sisters and mothers left behind, who wait for their return.'] ['Charlton Heston plays Chrysagon de la Cruex, a Norman knight charged with defending a Druid village. At the heart of the story is a doomed romance which defies the social norms and sparks a growing confrontation with Chrysagon\'s brother, Draco, played by Guy Stockwell. Chrysagon encounters Bronwyn, his future love, as she is harassed by his own men. Gradually he finds himself falling for the girl he\'s rescued. Bronwyn\'s father, the village chief, later asks Chrysagon\'s permission for Bronwyn to marry. Chrysagon approves, but soon regrets the decision. He wants Bronwyn for himself. He later learns of "Droit du seigneur", a right which permits the Lord of the Domain to sleep with any virgin woman on her wedding night. But custom demands Bronwyn be given up by dawn. The following day, Bronwyn is not returned. What the village doesn\'t realize is that she\'s chosen to stay of her own free will. All of this takes place against the background of war against Frisian raiders who plague the Norman coast.'] ['Set in the late 1580s, the film very loosely follows the real-life exploits of the 16th century Irish prince "Red" Hugh O\'Donnell. The story begins when Hugh\'s father, the king, dies, leaving his son the throne of Donegal. With his ascension to the throne, an Irish prophecy is seemingly fulfilled which promises independence from Elizabethan and English rule. The O\'Donnell lords see this occurrence as the opportunity to strike back at the foreigners by force, but Hugh convinces them the right plan is to band together with the other clans of the island, and bargain for their freedom from a position of strength. As he prepares for battle, O\'Donnell also courts the beautiful Kathleen McSweeney, to further augment the clans of Ireland.'] ["In 1942, Vassili Zaitsev , a shepherd from the Ural Mountains who is now a soldier in the Red Army, finds himself on the front lines of the Battle of Stalingrad. Sent on a suicidal charge against the invading Germans, he uses impressive marksmanship skills—taught to him by his grandfather from a young age—to save himself and commissar Danilov . Nikita Khrushchev  arrives in Stalingrad to coordinate the city's defenses and demands ideas to improve morale. Danilov, now a Senior Lieutenant, suggests that the people need figures to idolize, and publishes tales of Vassili's exploits in the army's newspaper that paint him as a national hero and propaganda icon. Vassili is transferred to the sniper division, and he and Danilov become friends. They also both become romantically interested in Tania , a citizen of Stalingrad who has become a Private in the local militia. Danilov has her transferred to an intelligence unit away from the battlefield. With the Soviet snipers taking an increasing toll on the German forces, German Major Erwin König  is deployed to Stalingrad to take out Vassili and thus crush Soviet morale. A renowned marksman and head of the German Army sniper school at Zossen, he lures Vassili into a trap and takes out two of his fellow snipers, but Vassili manages to escape. When the Red Army command learns of König's mission, they dispatch his former student Koulikov  to help Vassili kill him. However, König tricks Koulikov into revealing his position and kills him with a very skillful shot, shaking Vassili's spirits considerably. Khrushchev pressures Danilov to bring the sniper standoff to a conclusion. When Tania requests to be reassigned to the sniper division, Danilov asks Vassili to discourage her. Vassili attempts to do so, but relents when Tania tells him how her Jewish parents were murdered by the Germans. Danilov recruits young local boy Sacha Fillipov , who idolizes Vassili and does small jobs for the Germans in exchange for food, to act as a double agent by passing König false information about Vassili's whereabouts, thus giving Vassili a chance to ambush the Major. Vassili sets a trap for König and manages to wound him, but during a second attempt Vassili falls asleep after many hours and his sniper log is taken by a looting German soldier. The German command takes the log as evidence of Vassili's death and plans to send König home, but the Major does not believe that Vassili is dead. He tells Sacha where he will be next, suspecting that the boy will tell Vassili. Tania and Vassili have meanwhile fallen in love, and the jealous Danilov disparages Vassili in a letter to his superiors. König spots Tania and Vassili waiting for him at his next ambush, confirming his suspicions about Sacha. He kills the boy and hangs his body from a pole to bait Vassili. Vassili vows to kill König and sends Tania and Danilov to evacuate Sacha's mother  from the city, but Tania is wounded by shrapnel en route to the evacuation boats. Thinking her dead, Danilov laments his jealousy for Vassili and his resulting disenchantment with the communist cause. Finding Vassili waiting to ambush König, Danilov intentionally exposes himself in order to reveal the Major's position and is killed. Thinking he has killed Vassili, König goes to inspect the body, but realizes too late that he has fallen into a trap and is in Vassili's sights. He turns to face Vassili, who then kills him. Two months later, after Stalingrad has been liberated and the German forces have surrendered, Vassili finds Tania recovering in a field hospital."] ['If I Should Fall eloquently portrays the story of one martyred soldier, and in doing so, tells the story of many others. The original idea by Joint Media Group Inc. of London, Ontario was to try to make a pilot for TV called Afghan Diaries two years prior and wanted to do an episode on what happens when a soldier dies.Ubiquitous magazine: Documentary of Fallen Soldier Helping Others Understand War and Loss Culliton conducted many interviews, but his meeting with the Diabs and suggestion of his father and producer Paul Culliton, he decided to focus on Marc Diab, a 22-year old trooper of The Royal Canadian Dragoons and of Lebanese origin who on March 8, 2009, was killed in Afghanistan when his vehicle struck an Improvised Explosive Device . The film uses some footage videotaped by Marc Diab himself and many other soldiers narrating process when IEDs were found. The film furthermore includes hand-held footage taken by another warrior of the scene after his own armoured personal carrier was hit by an IED.The Toronto Sun: YouTube brings home reality of war It also uses a montage prepared by Diab himself, called "See You Tomorrow" for his loved ones in case he didn\'t come home alive.National Post: Movie focuses on the death of one of Afghan war\'s \'regular guys\' In the wake of his death, countless lives were changed forever. The documentary tells the story of Marc Diab\'s life through the accounts of those who loved him: his family , his comrades of D Squadron, Royal Canadian Dragoons, based in Petawawa, Ont., and his beloved girlfriend. Viewers see the human face behind the honor and sacrifice of soldiers and the heavy price they and their families pay for their nation. Supported by an ensemble of renowned Canadian military experts, including retired Major General Lewis MacKenzie, Esprit de Corps magazine\'s Scott Taylor, and author Captain Ray Wiss M.D., the film explores the conflict in Afghanistan and the timeless tragedy of what it means to lose a loved one to war.'] ['The film tells the story of Afanasy Nikitin , a 15th century, Russian trader who travelled to India , and falls in love with an Indian girl Champa .'] ['In 1809, Sir Arthur Wellesley, commander of the British forces in the Iberian Peninsula, prepares to invade French-controlled Spain. He orders Lieutenant Richard Sharpe and his band of "chosen men" to accompany the arrogantly incompetent, newly-arrived Sir Henry Simmerson and his South Essex Regiment on a small, but significant mission to destroy a bridge. Simmerson, his nephew Lieutenant Gibbons  and Lieutenant Berry  despise Sharpe for his low birth. However, Major Lennox ([[David Ashton , who knew Sharpe from their days in India, and American-born Captain Leroy  appreciate his military skill and sense of honour. The bridge is taken without resistance and Sharpe\'s men start to place explosives. When Simmerson spots a small French patrol on the other side of the river, he orders Lennox to take a small detachment and drive them off. Lennox strenuously objects, but obeys the command. His fears are realised when a hidden French cavalry unit surprises and overruns the British instead; Lennox is fatally wounded and the King\'s colours are lost. Sharpe and his men go to the rescue, while Simmerson panics and orders the bridge to be blown up, even though some of his men are still on the other side. Afterwards, the dying Lennox asks Sharpe for a French Imperial Eagle to wash away the shame of losing the colours. Wellesley promotes Sharpe to captain for his part in the skirmish, instead of Gibbons . Enraged, Simmerson tells Berry to dispose of Sharpe. Berry deliberately provokes Sharpe by abusing Countess Josefina , a woman Sharpe had rescued from Gibbons and taken under his protection. To forestall a duel, Wellesley orders a night patrol, coincidentally led by Sharpe and Berry. They run into the French; during the fighting, Berry shoots Sharpe from behind, but is killed by Harper before he can finish the job. The next day, the Battle of Talavera is fought. Simmerson, seeing a French column approaching his position, flees. Sharpe steadies the South Essex, much improved after the training he provided, and leaves them under the command of Leroy. They succeed in stopping the French attack. At just the right moment, Sharpe and his riflemen attack the wavering French soldiers in the flank, sending them into headlong retreat. Sharpe captures the unit\'s Eagle, making him famous throughout England and ensuring that he remains a captain. Afterwards, Sharpe plants the Eagle on Lennox\'s grave. Simmerson is protected by his influential friends and escapes punishment for his cowardice and incompetence. Meanwhile, Josefina finds a new protector in Captain Leroy.'] ['After fighting the Soviets as a volunteer during the Winter War in Finland, Max Manus returns to Norway, finding it occupied by the Nazis. He joins with the Norwegian resistance movement in their fight against the Germans but is arrested. He manages to escape to Scotland where he receives British Commando training before being sent back to Norway to carry out sabotage missions against the occupying forces. Returning to Norway with his friend Gregers Gram, his first mission is an attack on German supply ships. He is spectacularly successful, and soon he becomes a special target for the local Gestapo chief Siegfried Fehmer. Manus, however, avoids capture, and with Gram and Gunnar Sønsteby he forms the so-called "Oslo Gang". Stockholm in the neutral Sweden becomes a meeting point for Norwegians in allied military service. Here Gram introduces Manus to Tikken, who works as a Norwegian contact for the British consulate, and the two soon develop a special relationship. As the war becomes more and more brutal, many of Manus\' friends lose their lives in the struggle against the Germans, and he starts to blame himself for being the one who survives. After the war, he meets the imprisoned Fehmer and realises that everyone is just a victim of the meaninglessness of war.'] ['The mother of a dead Union soldier attempts to convince President Lincoln to pardon a similarly condemned Confederate soldier whose unjust conviction was the result of her vindictive scheme.'] ["The film is set in the Nelakondapalli village of Adilabad district in Nizam Princely State of Hyderabad of the late 1940s. The feudal society is under the vice-like grip of an aristocratic family and its head, a Dorasani . Mallamma  is the darling of the village, who is living in perpetual humiliation. They seek solace in her songs. Brought up by Sambayya, an old man, she develops a mysterious attachment to a basil tree which is regarded as holy by the entire village. She happens to sing a song in the Dorasani's house which enrages her. Since nobody can have a skill which her daughter has not been able to acquire, she decrees that Mallamma cannot sing if she wants to be alive. However, singing is in her very marrow. After all, she is the daughter of Rajanna, who had inspired hundreds of villagers to revolt against the evil lords through his revolutionary songs. When the Dorasani finds Mallamma singing for another time, she decides to hound her and kill. The grandpa wants to take her away, but Mallamma refuses to oblige. It is then when she tells him that she cannot abandon the village where she Rajanna meets her every day. Dorasani, who overhears Sambayya telling her that she is Rajanna's progeny, kills him. A heroine that she is, Mallamma stages an escape with the help of the music teacher  and sets off to Delhi to meet Nehru . The Rajanna story After killing over a hundred British officers, Rajanna  is a proud son of a free India. Much to his dismay, he finds the villagers of Nelakondavalli still in servitude and radicalises them to massacre the oppressors. The revolution spreads to hundreds of villages and the nawabs are shaken. Unable to repress the warfare on their own, the local lords seek the help of the evil Razakars. Ever at the forefront to save the village, Rajanna leads a guerrilla warfare with his four comrades  and achieves martyrdom after fighting hundreds of Razakar desperadoes to the finish. Rajanna lives on in the memories of the people of Nelakondapalli. His spirit arouses Mallamma to put up a never-say-die attitude and rid the village of the beastly doras."] ['In the Edo period of Japan, Isaburo Sasahara is a vassal of the daimyo of the Aisu clan. Sasahara is the most skilled swordsman in the land, whose only rival in ability is his good friend Tatewaki Asano . Isaburo is in a loveless marriage with a shrew of a woman. One day one of the daimyo\'s advisors orders Isaburo\'s elder son Yogoro  to marry the daimyo\'s ex-concubine, Ichi , even though she is the mother to one of the daimyo\'s sons. With much trepidation, the family agrees. In time, Ichi and Yogoro find love and happiness in the marriage and a daughter Tomi is born. In the meantime, the daimyo\'s primary heir dies, and he orders his ex-concubine to rejoin his household to care for their son and heir. The family refuses, but Ichi is tricked into the castle by Isaburo\'s younger son, and her husband and father-in-law are ordered to commit seppuku for their insolence and insubordination. Isaburo counters that he will comply only if the heads of the daimyo and his two primary advisors are brought to him first. Isaburo sends his younger son and wife away and dismisses his household servants. With his elder son he prepares for battle, removing the tatami from his house to prevent slipping in the blood that will be spilled and removing the house\'s walls to allow for more space for combat. The daimyo\'s steward, accompanied by a platoon of 20 samurai, brings Ichi to the Sasahara house and tries to force her at spear point to renounce her marriage to Yogoro and join the daimyo\'s household. The daimyo also "graciously" offers to commute Isaburo and Yogoro\'s sentences to permanent confinement in a shrine outside his castle. Not only does Ichi refuse to join his household, she throws herself onto a spear instead of abandoning her husband. Her husband goes to her side and is killed with her in his arms. His father, enraged, kills the steward\'s entire party, killing the steward last as he attempts to flee. Burying the dead couple, Isaburo now decides to take his case with Tomi to the Shogun in Edo regardless of the consequences to his clan. Tatewaki, who is guarding the gate, cannot permit Isaburo to pass, and a climactic duel follows with his good friend. Isaburo is the victor, but assassins hidden nearby cut Isaburo down with musket fire. In his dying breath, he laments that no one will ever know the love story of Yogoro and Ichi, which had inspired him, an otherwise obedient vassal, to rise against his clan and lord. He beseeches Tomi to be a good and kind woman like her mother, and to seek out a fine and kind husband like her father. As Isaburo dies, we see Tomi\'s wet-nurse comforting the baby: she has been secretly following him. Presumably, the legend begins.'] ["In 1465, honorable but penniless Scottish knight Quentin Durward  agrees to go to France to find out if the beautiful young heiress, Isabelle, Countess of Marcroy , would be a suitable wife for his aged uncle . The marriage has been arranged by Charles, Duke of Burgundy  for his ward to cement an alliance with Scotland, but she wants nothing to do with it, so she runs away and seeks the protection of Charles' great rival, Louis XI , the King of France. Quentin pursues and manages to foil an attempted robbery by brigands under the command of Count William de La Marck , though Isabelle continues on her way unaware of her protector's identity. Nearing the court of King Louis, Quentin tries, but fails, to save the life of a gypsy. However, the dead man's brother, Hayraddin ([[George Cole , is grateful for his efforts. Louis, who had ordered the man's hanging as a Burgundian spy, and distrusts such honest men as Quentin, orders him to leave France. However, the Scotsman is not easily deterred. He sneaks into the heavily guarded castle and awakens the king in his bed with a dagger at his throat. Louis is impressed and enlists Quentin in his service. Upon the unexpected arrival of Count Phillip de Creville , a Burgundian ambassador seeking Isabelle, Louis orders Quentin to guard her and to keep her presence secret. During the time they spend together, she and Quentin begin to fall in love. Having lied about Isabelle being there, Louis commands her to depart. She tells him that she will seek sanctuary with an old friend, the Bishop of Liege . Louis concocts a plan to have De la Marck kidnap and forcibly marry Isabelle to keep her strategically important lands out of Burgundian hands. He has Hayraddin, who is a spy in his employ, take the information and a large bribe to De la Marck. Louis provides Isabelle with a detailed itinerary . He also lends her a few guards, including Quentin, so that when they are killed, it will divert any suspicion away from him. Hayraddin is also sent as a guide. However, when he discovers that Quentin is to be one of the victims, he switches sides and warns the Scotsman. The three manage to escape the trap and reach Liège, though Quentin is wounded. When he has recovered, he finally tells Isabelle of his obligation to his uncle, which prevents him from courting her himself, and leaves. De la Marck attacks the castle, captures Isabelle, and kills the bishop when he refuses to marry them. Hearing the sounds of battle, Quentin rescues his love. He slays De la Marck in an unusual duel involving swinging from ropes normally used to ring the church bells. Meanwhile, the Duke of Burgundy arrests Louis when he comes to continue peace negotiations, accusing him of orchestrating the murder of the bishop. However, Quentin arrives and exonerates the king, providing as proof De la Marck's severed head. Out of gratitude , Louis tricks Charles into letting Isabelle decide who she will marry. Quentin has received news that his uncle has died, so he is free to follow his heart."] ['1973: Diminga accompanies a group of camouflaged soldiers who travel down a path, in the middle of the shrubland, carrying supplies to a war front near Conakry, where Diminga’s husband Sako is fighting. The country is ruined and there is death everywhere, but hope is what keeps life worth living. In the encampment where she meets Sako, Diminga does not have much time to enjoy his company. The rebels are gaining ground and they are certain that they will command victory. 1974-77: The end of the war, but not truly an end. There is a great drought across the country and life continues to be difficult. It is true that where Diminga lives, in between the crying, there are great celebrations for the end of the war. But the drought continues, Diminga has a sick husband and other fighting  starts. The film, in the words of its director, is an African parable. The colonies won their independence and eliminated Portuguese colonialism. A question that arises is about Africa’s future. As Flora Gomes suggests, Africa cannot be itself without its beliefs, its myths, its philosophy, and its culture.'] ['The film Seediq Bale depicts the Wushe Incident, which occurred near Qilai Mountain of Taiwan under Japanese rule. Mona Rudao, a chief of Mahebu village of Seediq people, led warriors fighting against the Japanese.  The film begins with a hunt by a mountain river in Taiwan. Two Bunun men are hunting a boar, but they are attacked by a group led by young Mona Rudao of Seediq people. Mona Rudao invades the territory, kills one of them and takes away the boar. In 1895, Treaty of Shimonoseki is signed between China and Japan, and Taiwan is ceded to Japan. Japanese invasion of Taiwan ends with Japan defeating Han Chinese resistance. Japanese military officials see the natives as an obstacle to the resources of Taiwan, and Mona Rudao and his father, Rudao Luhe, see Japanese as invaders. Mona Rudao and Rudao Luhe attack Japanese soldiers and feud with Temu Walis, a Seediq young man from Toda group. The Japanese collaborate with a group of Bunun to get Mona Rudao\'s men drunk and ambush them when they are asleep. After battles, eventually Mona Rudao\'s village Mahebu is under the control of the Japanese. Since then, some 20 years have passed. Mahebu village is forced to bury the heads of the killed enemies they have collected. Men are subject to low-wage logging labor and kept from traditional animal and human hunting; whereas women work in houses of the Japanese and give up the traditional weaving work; and children including the boy Pawan Nawi attend school in Wushe village. Above all, they are forbidden to tattoo their faces. The tattoo is believed to be the requirement for Seediq people to "go to the other side across the Rainbow Bridge" after death. There are also young people such as Dakis Nomin, Dakis Nawi, Obing Nawi and Obing Tadao, who adopt Japanese names, education and life style and attempt to work and live among Japanese. In late autumn of 1930, the village of Mona Rudao holds a wedding for a young couple. Mona Rudao goes hunting for the wedding and quarrels for hunting ground with Temu Walis, who is hunting with Japanese policeman Kojima Genji and his son. At the wedding, Yohsimura, a newly appointed and nervous Japanese policeman, inspects the village. Mona Rudao\'s first son, Tado Mona, offers to share his homebrewed millet wine with Yoshimura, but Yoshimura considers the beer unsanitary as it is fermented with saliva. Tado Mona\'s hands are also covered in blood from the animal he has just slaughtered. A fight with Tado Mona and his brother Baso Mona ensues. The fight is stopped, but Yoshimura fears for his life and threatens to punish the whole village. Young men, including Piho Sapo from Hogo village, see the punishment unacceptable and urge Mona Rudao to start war with the Japanese. Mona Rudao tells them that it is impossible to win. But Mona Rudao also sees the war as necessary and decides to fight. In a few days Mona Rudao calls on neighboring villages to join force. They schedule to attack the Japanese on October 27, when Japanese will attend an athletic competition  and gather on the schoolyard of the Wushe Village. The women, including Mona Rudao\'s first daughter, Mahung Mona, know the men are planning for a war and are sad. Dakis Nomin, a young man who adopted the Japanese name Hanaoka Ichiro and became a police officer, notices that Mona Rudao is preparing for war. He comes to a waterfall and tries to persuade Mona Rudao not to start the war, instead Mona Rudao persuades him to collaborate. After Dakis Nomin leaves, Mona Rudao sings with the ghost of Rudao Luhe and determines to start the war. In the night before, the natives attack the police outposts. Mona Rudao then rallies young men from village to village, and at last chief Tadao Nogan of Hogo village agrees to join Mona Rudao <ref name2232 賽德克巴萊之荷歌社頭目 塔道諾幹.....巴蘭社頭目寫了半個月 這次希望能不要超過....]。YAHOO!奇摩部落格。04:34 AM 2011/12/25。. On October 27 the attack takes place as scheduled. All Japanese men, women and children are killed. Pawan Nawi and other boys kill their Japanese teacher and his family. Obing Nawi, a woman who wears Japanese clothes, is spared only because her husband Dakis Nomin covers her with a native clothing. Obing Tadao, who is daughter of chief Tadao Nogan and who also wears Japanese clothes, survives by hiding in a storage room. Native people attack a police station and take the guns. One Japanese police officer escapes and tells the outside world about the attack. The film ends with Mona Rudao sitting in the schoolyard which is full of bodies.  The second film follows the attack on the school. The colonial government sees the uprising as a major crisis, and sends Major General Kamada Yahiko leading 3000 police and soldiers to fight the 300 men on Mona Rudao’s side. The Japanese use machine guns and airplanes but cannot win the battles in the mountains. Pawan Nawi and other boys earn their face tattoos. Dakis Nomin and his wife Obing Nawi, who adopted Japanese names and lifestyle, are caught in ambivalence. Dakis Nomin puts on native clothes, kills his wife and son then commits suicide. Dakis Nawi, a young man with similar ambivalence, commits suicide with Dakis Nomin, but leaves his wife Obing Tadao to live on. They leave their message written on the wall. General Kamada is furious with the stalemate and orders to use the illegal poison gas bomb. On the other hand, Kojima Genji, an enraged policeman, sets bounty on men, women and children in Mona Rudao\'s village, and orders Temu Walis and his men to fight Mona Rudao. The battle turns against Mona Rudao\'s side. Many are lost to poison gas and Temu Walis\' men. Mona Rudao\'s people lose the village to the Japanese and other natives and retreat to caves. Pawan Nawi and the boys feel desperate and ask to fight side by side with Mona Rudao. Mona Rudao asks them to recite their creation story in which the first man and first woman are formed from a tree that is half stone half wood. In the retreat the women kill the children then hang themselves on trees to conserve food for the warriors. Piho Sapo of Hogo village also helped his injured relative, Piho Walis, to hang himself. Temu Walis is shaken when he sees the hanged women, and claims that he fights for his own sake not for Kojima. Mona Rudao and his men launched a desperate attack on the Japanese force occupying the Mahebu village. Baso Mona, Mona Rudao’s son, is injured and asks his brother to kill him. Pawan Nawi and the boys die fighting. Meanwhile in a river, Temu Walis and his men are ambushed by Piho Sapo and other men. In his illusion, Temu Walis thinks he is fighting young Mona Rudao before he dies. When Mona Rudao sees the fight is near the end, he gives leadership to his son Tado Mona, and returns to kill his wife and children. Some people of the village surrender and survive. Mahung Mona, daughter of Mona Rudao, is resuscitated by the Japanese, and is sent to offer Tado Mona’s men wine and a chance to surrender. The men take the wine, and sing and dance with the women, but refuse to surrender. The war ends, and even Kamada is impressed by his enemy\'s spirit. Natives present and identify heads of the dead to Japanese for rewards, and it is shown that in the battle they feud with each other even further. The title cards tell that the surviving people of the villages that rebel are removed from their homes. Tado Mona and others hang themselves in the forests. Piho Sapo is captured and tortured to death. Mona Rudao is missing and his body is found four years later by a native hunter. The hunter then sees Mona Rudao and his people following the Seediq legend to cross the rainbow bridge. The film ends with a scene of several natives telling their creation story.'] [' Dilios, a Spartan soldier, narrates the story of Leonidas from his boyhood to becoming a king of Sparta. Years later, a Persian messenger arrives at the gates of Sparta, demanding the submission of Sparta to King Xerxes. In response to this demand, Leonidas kicks the messenger into a large well. Knowing this will prompt a Persian attack, Leonidas visits the Ephors—ancient leprosy-ridden priests whose blessing he needs before the Spartan council will authorize going to war. He proposes they repel the numerically superior Persians by using the terrain of Thermopylae  and funneling the Persians into a narrow pass between the rocks and the sea. The Ephors consult the Oracle, who decrees that Sparta must not go to war during their religious festival Carnea. As Leonidas departs, two agents of Xerxes appear—one of them, Theron, a Spartan—who bribe the Ephors with concubines and money. Leonidas follows his plan anyway, setting out with only 300 soldiers, whom he calls his personal guards to avoid needing the council\'s permission. Though he regards the mission as certain suicide, he hopes the sacrifice will spur the council to unite against Persia. On the way to Thermopylae, Arcadians join the Spartans. At Thermopylae they construct a wall to contain the approaching Persians. As construction goes on, Leonidas meets Ephialtes, a hunchbacked Spartan in exile whose parents fled Sparta to spare him certain infanticide. Wanting to redeem his father\'s name, Ephialtes asks to join the fight; he warns Leonidas of a secret path the Persians could use to outflank and surround them. Though Leonidas sympathizes with Ephialtes\'s will to fight, he turns him down, as Ephialtes cannot properly hold a shield: this would compromise the Spartans\' phalanx formation. Before the battle, the Persian Captain demands that the Spartans lay down their weapons. Leonidas refuses, and with their tightly-knit phalanx formation, the Spartans use the narrow terrain to repeatedly rebuff the advancing Persian army. Xerxes personally parleys with Leonidas, offering him wealth and power in exchange for his loyalty and surrender. Leonidas declines, and Xerxes sends his elite guard, the formidable Immortals, to attack, but the Spartans successfully dispatch them, suffering a few casualties of their own. Xerxes then sends a number of exotic weapons at the Spartans, including black powder bombs and war elephants, but all of these attacks fail. During these attacks, Astinos is killed, which drives his father Captain Artemis into a fit of rage. Angered by Leonidas\'s rejection, Ephialtes defects to the Persians and informs them of the secret path. When they realize Ephialtes\'s treachery, the Arcadians retreat, and Leonidas orders Dilios to return to Sparta to tell the Council of their sacrifice. Though Dilios had recently injured his left eye in combat, he is still fit for battle, but Leonidas decides to use Dilios\'s gift for storytelling to appeal to the Spartan council. Though reluctant to leave his brothers behind, Dilios leaves with the Arcadians. In Sparta, Queen Gorgo  is raped by Theron, before which he promises his help in persuading the Spartan council to send reinforcements to Leonidas. However, following her address to the Council, Theron publicly betrays the Queen by accusing her of adultery, prompting the councilmen to cry out in outrage and Gorgo to kill him in a fit of anger. The xiphē that Gorgo uses to kill Theron pierces his purse, spilling Persian coins from his robe, revealing his role as traitor, and the Council agrees to unite against Persia. At Thermopylae, the Persians use the goat path to outflank the Spartans. Xerxes\'s general demands their surrender, again offering Leonidas titles and prestige. Leonidas seemingly bows in submission, allowing Stelios to leap over him and kill the general instead. Furious, Xerxes orders his troops to attack. Leonidas rises and hurls his spear at Xerxes, cutting the King on the cheek, thus fulfilling an earlier promise to "make the God-King bleed". Visibly disturbed by this reminder of his mortality, Xerxes watches as a massive barrage of arrows kills all the Spartans. Moments before his death, Leonidas pledges his undying love to Gorgo. Concluding his tale before an audience of Spartans on the edge of the battlefield a year after Thermopylae, Dilios relates how the Persian army has suffered desertions, out of fear and the heavy casualties they suffered at the hands of a mere 300 Spartans. Word of their valiant resistance spread across Greece, inspiring the different city-states to unite against the Persians. Now, the Persians face 10,000 Spartans leading 30,000 free Greeks. Although still outnumbered three to one, Dilios declares that the Greeks shall be victorious and praises the sacrifice of the 300. He then leads the Greeks in a charge against the Persian army at the Battle of Plataea, the battle that would end Persia\'s invasion of Greece.'] ['In 1594 Brazil rival French and Portuguese settlers are utilizing the indigenous people as allies in their struggle to establish control. The Tupinambás, who live in the Guanabara Bay area, are allied with the French, while the Tupiniquins are allied with the Portuguese. A Frenchman who has been captured by the Portuguese is then captured by the Tupinambás after they attack and kill a group of Portuguese. The Tupinambás don\'t believe that the Frenchman was a prisoner of the Portuguese they have killed, and the Chief thinks he is Portuguese because "No Frenchman would shoot at the Tupinambá." The tribe\'s shaman predicted they would find a strong Portuguese man to cannibalize as revenge for the chief\'s brother being killed by a Portuguese musket ball. Now they have one. However, the Frenchman is allowed free run of the village area, is eventually provided with a "wife," and adopts traditional Tupinambá attire in place of his Western clothes. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the Tupinambás that their prisoner is indeed Portuguese—he then promises the outraged Frenchman that he will tell the Tupinambás the truth when the Frenchman finds a hidden treasure that another European has hidden in the area. The relationship between the Frenchman and his Tupinambá "wife" remains enigmatic. It is unclear for most of the movie if she intends to save him from the group that wants to eat him, or if she has been assigned to win his trust and prevent him from escaping. After using cannon powder provided by the Frenchman to defeat the Tupiniquins in battle, the Tupinambás eat the Frenchman as celebration. In the last seconds of his life the Frenchman refuses to play along with the ceremonial script that the Tupinambás expect him to follow and instead angrily  tells the Tupinambás that his death will not revitalize them  but rather will doom them all to extermination. The movie ends with a postscript that reveals that the Tupinambás were exterminated within a relatively short period of time after they killed and ate the "tasty" Frenchman.'] ['The film is narrated by Ambrosinus, native to Britain, who knows of a legend concerning the sword of Julius Caesar, which was hidden away from evil men. It begins shortly before the coronation of Romulus Augustulus as Emperor in 460. Having traveled through much of the known world in search of Caesar\'s sword, Ambrosinus has then become Romulus\'s tutor. A Druid and part of a secret brotherhood protecting the sword, he at times gives the impression he is a magician, but his "magic" is usually revealed to be simple trickery. One of the running concepts of the movie surrounds the question of whether or not Ambrosinus has any actual magical abilities or simply an illusionist. Romulus\'s father Orestes rules Rome but is not Emperor himself. On the day before the coronation, Odoacer, commander of the barbarian Goths allied with Rome, demands a third of Italy from Orestes, but is rebuffed. The same day, Romulus meets the general of the Nova Invicta Legion, Aurelianus Caius Antonius, called "Aurelius". The night after Romulus is crowned, Rome is attacked by the Goths. Most of Aurelius\'s men, pledged to protect the emperor, are killed, though Aurelius is only stunned and left for dead. Orestes and his wife are killed by Odoacer\'s lieutenant Wulfila, who captures Romulus. Next day, Odoacer, now ruler of the Western Empire, plans to have Romulus killed. However, Ambrosinus convinces Odoacer to spare the boy. Instead, Romulus is exiled to Capri along with Ambrosinus, guarded by Wulfila and his men. His prison is a villa constructed more than four centuries earlier by the emperor Tiberius. With Ambrosinus\'s help, Romulus discovers a hidden chamber within the villa. He comes across a statue of Caesar holding the fabled sword, forged by a Chalybian smith after his military campaigns in Britain. Writing near the statue\'s feet proclaims the sword was made for "he who is destined to rule". This is interpreted as a prophecy by various characters, and Romulus keeps the weapon. The two are rescued from Capri by the loyal Aurelius and three surviving legionaries, Vatrenus, Batiatus, and Demetrius, accompanied by a female agent of the Eastern Roman Empire - a Keralite warrior named Mira . They take Romulus to a seaport where the Eastern Roman Empire\'s emissary  and the senator Nestor have promised safe passage to Constantinople. However, they barely escape after they learn the Senate and the Eastern Empire have betrayed them and sided with Odoacer. Ambrosinus persuades Romulus to seek refuge in Britain, where the Ninth Legion  may remain loyal, being far from the events. They are followed by Wulfila and his men; the Goth covets Caesar\'s sword after learning the prophecy. Crossing the Alps and the English Channel, the party travels to Hadrian\'s Wall and initially find no evidence of the legion until a farmer approaches and reveals he was its commander. With the collapse of Roman support of Britain, the legion had decided to disband and settle as farmers. Most of the men in the legion had married and had families. They also did not want to antagonize the powerful warlord Vortgyn. During their stay in the small Celtic village, Romulus meets and befriends a young girl named Igraine. Aurelius and Mira practice swordfighting and become close to each other. Ambrosinus told Romulus of a scar on his chest, similar to the design on the sword hilt, which he received from Vortgyn after he refused to tell him where the sword of Caesar was. Vortgyn also desires the sword of Caesar as he aspires to rule the whole of Britain. It is revealed that Vortgyn and Ambrosinus are old enemies. After meeting with the Goths, Vortgyn decides to either capture or kill Romulus as a gesture to Odoacer. After confronting Igraine outside of the village, he convinces her to tell everyone in the village to surrender Romulus and has several of his men kill the blacksmith\'s wife and sons. When a tearful Igraine tells the villagers of what has happened, Aurelius confesses that Romulus is the emperor of Rome. The blacksmith then demands revenge on his wife\'s and sons\' deaths, and Aurelius and his men decide to lead an army to Hadrian\'s Wall to face Vortgyn\'s armies in one final battle. Before leaving the village, Romulus receives from Igraine a suit of Roman armor which belonged to her brother, which he has since outgrown. Aurelius, wielding Caesar\'s sword, leads his men and a small number of Celtic warriors against Vortgyn\'s forces at Hadrian\'s Wall. Aurelius, his men, and the archers pelted the infantry with arrows, while Mira, Romulus, and several Roman and Celtic soldiers struggled to hold the enemy at the gate. Despite their casualties, Vortgyn\'s soldiers began to slowly overwhelm the small force on the wall. The battle appears hopeless until the rest of the Ninth Legion, having taken up their old Roman arms and uniforms, appear and turn the tide. The two warring sides cease their hostilities when Ambrosinus confronts and burns Vortgyn alive at a tree-sanctuary of his secret brotherhood near the battlefield. Romulus kills Wulfila with Caesar\'s sword, avenging his parents. He tells Aurelius that he fought like a dragon, whereupon Aurelius replies that Romulus fought like the son of a dragon. Repulsed by the deaths in the battle, Romulus heaves away his sword which remarkably pierces a large rock and becomes lodged there. Many years later, Ambrosinus, now known by his Druid name, Merlin, takes a young boy to the battlefield to describe the now legendary events. Merlin, who has visibly aged little since the battle, says that Aurelius married Mira and the two raised Romulus as their own son. He became a wise ruler, took the girl Igraine as his wife, and adopted the name "Pendragon". The boy, Arthur, recognizes Romulus as his father and Igraine as his mother. In a final scene, the sword of Julius Caesar is shown embedded in the stone, with moss growing on the blade, covering the original inscription, leaving only the Latin letters which, when read as a single word, read Excalibur.'] ["http://www.angelfire.com/mi4/polcrt/AugustII.htmlThe Countess Cosel is based on the true story of the beautiful Anna Constantia of Brockdorff, a German noblewoman who became a mistress of Augustus the Strong, King of Poland and Elector of Saxony in 1704. http://miskinhill.com.au/journals/asees/19:1-2/noble-faces-beautiful-souls.pdf Against the backdrop of life at Augustus’ court the movie follows the arrival at Dresden of 24 year old Anna Constantia of Brockdorff, who is an inordinately beautiful and scrupulously devout young married woman; her romance with the King and her ‘ten year reign’ as his mistress – a role she consents to in the belief that she has won the king’s love and commitment; and finally, her heartbreak, disillusion and struggle against him. The conflict between Anna and the King arises from the fact that Anna takes seriously not only the relationship, but the written promise of marriage which she manages to secure from him during their courtship. Neither the relationship nor the contract is held in much esteem by Augustus, who replaces her, as he has always done, with another mistress, as soon as she loses for him the charm of novelty. Her valiant refusal to return the marriage promissory note upon request enrages him and delivers her to her miserable fate. In the opinion of the court, Cosel came to be considered increasingly dangerous when it became known that king Augustus had given her a secret written promise of marriage. Ultimately, she fell from grace with the king when she showed her jealousy after her spies told her about the king's affair with Countess Maria Magalena von Dönhoff of Warsaw. Distraught and feeling desperate to win back king's affection, Cosel departed Dresden to meet the king in Warsaw only to be turned back at the city gates. Augustus, having no more feelings for his former mistress, gave orders to lock her up in the Stolpen fortress. Cosel's faith and courage, which replaced her initial despair and anger culminated in her decision to remain in her jail, even after Augustus’ death, thirty-two years before her own, opened the way for her to regain her freedom. As a result, Cosel was imprisoned for forty-nine years, before shehttp://www.filmpolski.pl/fp/index.php/123562 died in 1765, being eighty-five years of age. To the end of her life she preserved traces of her great beauty, by which she became so famous."] ['This 1916 epic film was one of the first South African dramatic film productions. It tells the story of the Boers’ Great Trek at the end of the 30s, concluding with a reconstruction of the 1838 Battle of Blood River, where a few hundred Afrikaners defeated several thousand Zulus. Commemorating as it did their view of a highly contentious period of history, the film came to be revered by Afrikaners. It enjoyed a long after-life in South African classrooms and was shown annually on the date of the Battle of Blood River.'] ['The Elusive Avengers, a posse of young Red Partisans, including Valerka, a former schoolboy, Yashka, a devil-may-care gypsy, and two orphan siblings, Danka and his sister Ksanka, become Cheka agents after successfully stealing the map in The New Adventures of the Elusive Avengers. They wish to abandon their service and study in a university, but the young Soviet Republic needs them again. A group of White emigres, influenced by a scheming French politician, Monsieur Duc, wants to crown a new Tsar in Paris. Two obvious frauds compete for the Russian throne in exile, but they want to be crowned with the real Crown of the Russian emperors! The White emigres form a team that will infiltrate Soviet Union and steal the crown from the museum. Old "friends" from the previous movies, Ataman Burnash, Stabs Captain Ovechkin and Colonel Kudasov, prepare to enter USSR along with the notorious thief Naryshkin, a "specialist" who will steal the crown. However, Kudasov tries to double-cross his accomplices and is wounded by a gunshot. Ovechkin becomes the team\'s leader. The emigres return to the USSR, but Naryshkin is accidentally arrested by police. The Cheka doesn\'t want them to flee, and Yashka, disguised as a pick-pocket, is put in Naryshkin\'s cell and arranges his escape. He gains Naryshkin\'s trust and enters the perpetrators gang. They enter the museum at night, only to find the crown stolen by Ovechkin alone! Ovechkin flees Moscow by train, Ksanka pursues him, but loses the trail when he hides in Odessa catacombs. He is waiting to be picked up by a ship and successfully escape with the crown. Danka and Valerka immediately go to Paris, where they learn that Monsieur Duc didn\'t want to use the crown for coronation. Instead, Duc wanted to sell it for millions of dollars. After Kudasov tells that, he is shot by his former aide, Lieutenant Perov, who now works for Monsieur Duc along with Ovechkin. Duc\'s minions, led by Perov, hijack a ship to pick up Ovechkin and carry the crown to Cape Town. Unfortunately, Danka and Valerka are aboard. When the ship picks up Ovechkin and the crown, Yashka, Ksanka and Naryshkin board it to thwart Perov\'s plan. Ovechkin, outnumbered and outgunned by the Chekists, tries to throw the crown to the sea, but Naryshkin steals it and hands to the Avengers.'] ['The film starts in 1796, four years after the occupation of Malabar by the English East India Company and towards the end of the First Pazhassi Revolt . The revolt is lead by Kerala Varma , the Raja of Pazassi Palace, of Kottayam house. The exploitation of the native Indian resources by the Company had culminated in popular revolts against its authority across the district. With the help of Kerala Varma Pazhassi Raja\'s uncle Kurumbranadu ruler Veeravarma , who is jealous of Pazhassi Raja for his success and influence, and Raja\'s old companion Pazhayamveedan Chandhu ([[Suman , the Company act against Pazhassi Raja. This forces Pazhassi Raja to escape to the forests of Wayanad. The tribal force led by Neeli captures Assistant Collector Thomas Hervey Baber  and his fiancée Dora  in the jungle, in spite of his commander\'s objection. The Raja treats Thomas Baber and Dora as his guest and releases them. From there he begins a guerrilla battles against the Company. He is supported by his army chief Edachena Kunkan  and his brother-in-law Kaitheri Ambu ([[Suresh Krishna . In the guerrilla battle-front, Pazhassi Raja uses the expertise of Thalakkal Chandu , a Kurichya soldier, and Chandu\'s fiancée Neeli . During the initial phases of the battle, the Company lose lots of men and money. This compels them to make a peace treaty with Pazhassi Raja. Raja agrees, hoping that this move will bring peace to the area and his people. However, the conditions of the treaty are never observed by the Company. This prompts Raja to start the battle again. Similarly, Dora leaves Thomas Baber for England, having learned the betrayal done by the Company to the Raja and despite her objection to the hanging of a father and son, who refused to reveal the location of the Raja to the Company. He forms useful alliances with many rulers and powerful families in the nearby places like Unni Mootha  and his men. Pazhassi Raja and his army successfully start the battle again. But the Company use heavily armed forces against him and succeed in luring many tribal leaders. This leads to the capture and subsequent hanging of Thalakkal Chandu as he was cheated by a tribal head . The Company start hunting for Pazhassi and his army chief Edachena Kunkan. In a bloody fight, Edachena Kunkan kills Pazhayamveedan Chandhu. But he is surrounded by the Company. Instead of surrendering before them, he commits suicide. This makes Raja\'s army weaker. But Pazhassi Raja, even though knowing that he is going to die, goes for a last fight against the Company. After a glorious fight Pazhassi Raja is killed by the Company. The film ends with the assistant collector Thomas Baber placing the body of the Raja in a litter and his famous words: "He was our enemy. But he was a great warrior, a great man and we honour him." The Company officers respond by saluting the corpse of the Raja and acting as Pall-bearers.'] ['The film is about an ambitious Queen makes an unsuccessful attempt to rule her country by eliminating the King and Prince with the help of her Army Commander. General Vikranthan rescues the young prince and plans to retake the throne from the usurper and place the rightful heir on it.'] ["Sam Gold , is a mild-mannered 20-year old Orthodox Jewish man who lives with his large family in the Borough Park section of Brooklyn. Sam works in his father's fabric store while studying to be a rabbi. He and his family hope to arrange a marriage for him with Zeldy Lazar. However, Sam's family is much poorer than the Lazars, and he worries he will be unable to provide for him. Sam and his best friend Leon  accept a mysterious job offer from Leon's brother Yosef  and his boss, the Israeli Jackie . Yosef sends them to Amsterdam, with instructions to wait for him. While there, the pair are given a briefcase, which Yosef says contains medicine, and are instructed to walk it through customs in New York. Back in New York, the pair discover the briefcase contains pure ecstasy. Leon wants nothing more to do with Yosef, but Sam is attracted to the easy money. Sam becomes a participant in Jackie's operation, making trips to Amsterdam to pick up suitcases. He is paid to recruit other young Orthodox Jews as mules, who implicitly trust him as one of their own. Sam meets the liberal Jewish girl Rachel , Jackie's girlfriend, and drinks alcohol and takes ecstasy with the gang. Sam begins to rise in the organization when he brokers a business deal with European drug manufacturer Ephraim ([[Q-Tip . Meanwhile, Sam leaves the yeshiva. His new job is well-known around his neighborhood, and his parents kick him out of the house. Sam discovers Yosef has been skimming money from Jackie through side deals. Jackie, however, wants to ship street ecstasy, which contains a higher percentage of other drugs, into America. These drugs, carried by unwitting young Orthodox Jews is picked up by drug-sniffing dogs and the mules are arrested. Sam escapes to warn Yosef, who is high. Yosef suggests they drive to California. Sam returns to his childhood home, where he is greeted by Leon, who has married Zeldy. Sam weeps on his front steps as the sirens in the distance grow closer."] ["Ip Man is set in the 1930s in Foshan, a hub of Southern Chinese martial arts, where various schools actively recruit disciples and compete against each other. Although the Wing Chun master Ip Man is the most skilled martial artist in Foshan, he is unassuming and keeps a low profile. As an independently wealthy man, he feels no need to accept any disciples and instead spends his days training, meeting with friends, and spending time with his family. However, his wife is often resentful of the time he spends training and discussing martial arts with friends and colleagues. Though not a professional martial artist, Ip is respected in Foshan due to the abilities he displays in friendly, closed-door competitions with local masters. Ip's reputation is further enhanced when he defeats an aggressive, rude, highly skilled Northern Chinese martial arts master, Jin Shanzhao, thus upholding the regional pride of fellow Southern stylists and others in Foshan. The Japanese invasion in 1937 adversely affects the life of everyone in Foshan. Ip's house is claimed by the Japanese and used as their Foshan headquarters. Ip and his family lose their wealth and are forced to move into a decrepit house. Desperate to support his family, Ip accepts work as a coolie at a coal mine. The Japanese General Miura, who is a Karate master, establishes an arena where Chinese martial artists compete with his military trainees. The Chinese earn a bag of rice for every match they win. Li Zhao, a former police officer and Ip's acquaintance, is now working as a translator for the Japanese and is making the offer to the martial artists working as coolies. Ip at first declines to participate in the matches. However, when his friend Lin goes missing, he agrees to take part in order to investigate. He is enraged when he sees a fellow Foshan master  mercilessly executed for picking up a bag of rice from a prior victory after giving up in a second match against three karateka. He also comes to understand that Lin was killed in an earlier fight. Barely able to contain his rage, Ip demands a match with ten karateka at once. Despite having not practiced Wing Chun since the invasion began , he proceeds to mercilessly crush each of them with a brutal yet efficient barrage of his martial art mastery, showing barely any of the restraint he exhibited in previous engagements. His skill arouses the interest of Miura, who seeks to learn more about Ip and see him fight again. Ip visits his friend Chow Ching-chuen, who owns and runs a cotton mill in Foshan. Chow tells Ip that a highway robbery gang led by Jin Shanzhao is harassing his workers and extorting money from them. Ip trains the workers in Wing Chun for self defence. Meanwhile, Miura grows impatient when Ip does not return to the arena and sends men to find Ip. These men harass Ip's family, and Ip incapacitates them. Ip and his family then go into hiding at Li Zhao's house. Meanwhile, the robbers return to the cotton mill to demand money. The workers fight back using the techniques that Ip taught them. Just then, Ip appears and defeats Jin Shanzhao, warning him never to harass the workers again. The Japanese soldiers eventually find Ip at the cotton mill. Miura tells Ip that his life will be spared if agrees to instruct the Japanese soldiers in martial arts. Ip refuses and challenges Miura to a match, which Miura accepts, both because of his love for martial arts and because refusing the challenge would be a humiliation to the Japanese. The match between Ip and Miura is held in public in Foshan's square. At first, the two fighters seem equally matched, but Miura becomes overwhelmed and is unable to fend off Ip's attacks as he effortlessly uses him as a Wooden Dummy, inflicting a severe beating on him and clearly winning. As the beaten general lies down after his defeat, Ip looks over to the crowd and hears the Chinese cheering him; within the crowd, he spots his wife and child with Chow. Just then, Miura's deputy Sato shoots Ip. This sparks a scuffle between the Chinese audience and the Japanese soldiers. During the scuffle, Li Zhao kills Sato with Sato's own gun. Ip is taken away amidst the chaos. It is revealed that he survives and escapes to Hong Kong with his family. There, Ip establishes a Wing Chun school, where his students come to include Bruce Lee."] ['Scientists have developed a weapon, called the "Super H-bomb", which if detonated will wipe out the human race entirely. A "High Tribunal" in "The Great Court of Outer Space" is called upon to decide whether divine intervention should be allowed to stop the bomb\'s detonation. The Devil , who goes by the name of Mr. Scratch, prosecutes mankind while the Spirit of Man  defends it. Price and Colman are allowed to take the tribunal to any period of time to present evidence for mankind\'s salvation or damnation. They take the tribunal from prehistory through Egyptian, Greco-Roman, medieval, Renaissance, Enlightenment and modern times, looking at historical figures played by a host of guest stars.'] ["The documentary tells the story of the eruption of Mount Vesuvius from the point of view of assorted inhabitants of Pompeii and Herculaneum whose names and occupations are known, including a local politician and his family, a fuller, his wife, and two gladiators. Historical characters included Pliny the Elder and his nephew Pliny the Younger. It draws heavily on the eyewitness account of Pliny the Younger as well as historical research and recent discoveries in volcanology. Extensive CGI was used to recreate the effects of the eruption.  Most of the people who were in Pompeii when the fourth pyroclastic surge hit died instantly or slowly suffocated to death. *The death throes of those in the family of Julius Polybius are based upon the 1975 discovery of the skeleton of a heavily pregnant girl  surrounded by her family, in the actual House of Julius Polybius. Julia's husband, Sabinus is shown to have most likely poisoned himself, and presumably was the skeleton lying near the foot of the bed that Julia's body was found on, with the bones of her fetus found as well. *The death of Stephanus the Fuller is based upon a cast found of a man in the fetal position . *The death of Stephanus's wife, Fortunata, is based upon the discovery of the body of a rich bejeweled lady in the gladiator barracks, alongside those of gladiators. *In Herculaneum, the death throes are much simpler, as most people were found during excavations either on the beach or inside the boat houses. Additionally, unlike Pompeii, when the pyroclastic surges hit Herculaneum, people there were instantly killed whereas most Pompeians slowly suffocated, although some died instantly."] ['A Japanese samurai named Yamada  is captured by enemy Siamese warriors. To his surprise, the people whom he has been fighting and killing nurse him to health and treat him as a guest in their village. In time, his loyalty switches sides and he vows to defend the villagers who have treated him with such kindness. Turmoil results as the Japanese are intent to kill the traitor.'] ['In a remote village in 1184 France, Balian , a blacksmith, is haunted by his wife\'s recent suicide. A group of Crusaders arrive; one of them introduces himself as Balian\'s father, Baron Godfrey of Ibelin . Godfrey asks Balian to return with him to Jerusalem. Balian refuses and the Crusaders leave. The town priest, Balian\'s half-brother , reveals that he ordered Balian\'s wife beheaded before burial, a customary practice for people who commit suicide. Balian notices his brother wearing the cross that his wife wore before she was to be buried. In a fit of rage, Balian kills his brother, retrieves the crucifix and flees the village. Balian pursues his father in the hope of gaining forgiveness and redemption for him and his wife in Jerusalem. After he reaches Godfrey, soldiers led by Godfrey\'s nephew arrive, ostensibly to arrest Balian. In reality, the nephew intends to assassinate Balian and Godfrey so that his father, and eventually he, may inherit Godfrey\'s barony. Godfrey refuses to surrender Balian. The nephew launches a sneak attack against Godfrey. The attack fails and Godfrey kills his nephew, but is struck by an arrow that breaks off in his body. In Messina, Godfrey knights Balian and orders him to serve the King of Jerusalem and protect the helpless, before succumbing to his injuries. During Balian\'s journey to Jerusalem his ship runs aground in a storm, leaving Balian and a horse as the only survivors. When Balian releases the horse from the wreckage it flees in panic. Following the horse, Balian is confronted by a Muslim cavalier and his servant. A fight over the horse follows and Balian reluctantly slays the cavalier when attacked, but spares the servant, asking him to guide him to Jerusalem. Upon arriving, Balian gives the horse to the servant and releases him. The man tells him his slain master was an important knight amongst the Saracens; his deed will gain him fame and respect from them. Balian becomes acquainted with Jerusalem\'s political arena: the leper King Baldwin IV , Tiberias the Marshal of Jerusalem, the King\'s sister, Princess Sibylla , and her husband Guy de Lusignan , who supports the anti-Muslim activities of brutal factions like the Knights Templar. Guy intends to rule after Baldwin\'s death and seeks to provoke a war that will allow him to dispose of the Muslims and claim the Kingdom for the Christians. Guy and his co-conspirator, Raynald of Châtillon , massacre a Muslim trade caravan with the aid of the Templars. Saladin , leader of the Muslim forces, advances on Kerak, Raynald\'s castle, to punish him for his crime. Balian protects the villagers entering the castle from Saladin\'s cavalry, despite a request from Raynald to withdraw. Though outnumbered, Balian and his knights charge Saladin\'s cavalry, allowing the villagers time to flee. A fierce, but one-sided battle ensues in which Balian\'s knights are captured. In the enemy camp, Balian encounters the servant he freed, Imad ad-Din , learning he is actually Saladin\'s Chancellor, who releases Balian to enter Kerak. Saladin arrives with his army to besiege Kerak and King Baldwin IV approaches with his. They negotiate a Muslim retreat and Baldwin swears to punish Raynald. Baldwin confronts Raynald, forcing him onto his knees. As Raynald grovels for mercy, Baldwin slaps him a few times and forces Raynald to kiss his diseased hand. The exertion of these events causes Baldwin to collapse, weakened beyond recovery. Saladin assures his generals that he will reclaim Jerusalem, but only when he is confident of victory. Baldwin asks Balian to marry Sibylla, knowing they have affection for each other, but Balian refuses because in order for the marriage to occur Guy would have to be killed. After Baldwin dies, Sibylla succeeds her brother and names Guy King of Jerusalem. Guy releases Raynald, asking him to give him a war, which Raynald does by murdering Saladin\'s sister. When Saladin\'s emissary relays demands for the return of his sister\'s body, the heads of those responsible and the surrender of Jerusalem, Guy decapitates the emissary and sends his head back to Damascus. Guy sends three Templars to assassinate Balian, since he is the most strident voice against a war, though Balian survives the assassination attempt. In council, war is agreed upon "because God wills it" and against sound advice they march into the desert to fight Saladin, leaving Jerusalem unguarded except for Balian, Tiberias, their knights, a few remaining Crusader soldiers and the townspeople. Saladin\'s army attacks the Crusaders and in the ensuing battle the Crusaders are annihilated. Guy and Raynald are captured; Saladin executes Raynald and then marches on Jerusalem, sparing Guy as king only out of tradition. Tiberias and his men leave for Cyprus, believing Jerusalem is lost, but Balian and his knights remain to protect the villagers. Knowing they cannot defeat the Saracens, they hope to hold their enemies off long enough for the Saracens to offer terms. After a battle that lasts three days, Saladin offers terms: Balian surrenders Jerusalem when Saladin offers the inhabitants safe passage to Christian lands. In the marching column of citizens, he finds Sibylla who has renounced her claim as Queen of Jerusalem and other cities. After Balian returns to his village in France, English knights ride through looking for Balian, defender of Jerusalem. Balian replies that he is the blacksmith, and the man leading the knights identifies himself as King Richard I of England , and they commence a new Crusade to retake Jerusalem. Balian responds that he is merely a blacksmith, and Richard rides off. Balian is joined by Sibylla, and passing by the grave of Balian\'s wife, they ride toward a new life together.'] ["The film follows the Gonds' struggle of the 1940s in backwards Adilabad against the oppressive rule of the Nizam and the real life hero, Komaram Bheem, who led the resistance."] ['The film focuses on Minerva Mirabal and tells the true story of how she and her sisters came to represent the greatest threat to dictator Rafael Trujillo and his regime. The Mirabal sisters were involved in an underground movement against the government. They were assassinated in 1960 by men under the instruction of the Trujillo regime according to Pupo Roman, although their death was made to appear as an automobile accident. Many citizens were outraged and a few months later Trujillo was assassinated by an ambush led by Antonio de La Maza, who was played by actor Cesar Evora. Antonio de la Maza was killed in turn by a death squad lead by Ramfis Trujillo.'] ['Alfred is preparing to join the priesthood, but, angered by the invasion his country by the Danes, he puts aside his religious vows to lead the West Saxon English against the invaders. Alfred defeats the Danes and becomes an English hero. However, although Alfred still desires to join the priesthood, he is pulled between serving God and his lust for blood. After he marries the beautiful Aelhswith , the Danes return and Alfred must muster the English forces once again for a final battle, but he also must battle the dark conflicts within his own soul. The film was partly shot in Castlehackett, Tuam, Co. Galway, Ireland.'] ["Kelli, returning from her military tour of duty in the Middle East, has high hopes for resuming her old life in her midwestern hometown. Her hopes are gradually dashed as her relationships with her family and friends suffer; they have moved on, and she cannot adjust. She is unable to provide the attention her children need, she quits her dull factory job, she discovers her husband Mike's infidelity, drinks with her friends, then is stopped by the police while driving under the influence. During her court-ordered therapy session, she meets Bud, a charming war veteran. She undergoes a gradual breakdown, but persists in her efforts to reestablish her life."] ['Sharpe participates in the Battle of Toulouse, at the end of the Peninsular War. On the other side are French General Calvet  and Sharpe\'s nemesis, Ducos , who is in charge of Napoleon\'s treasury. During the fighting, Sharpe encounters and humiliates Ducos, but lets him escape with his life. Napoleon loses the war and is sent into exile. Before the battle, Sharpe gives his wife Jane  power of attorney over his entire fortune of 10,000 guineas, just in case. She extracts a promise from him that this will be his last fight, that he will ask Wellington for a transfer back to England. However, Sharpe is insulted by another British officer; forgetting his promise, he exacts revenge by shooting the officer in the buttocks in a duel. Infuriated, Jane is persuaded by her friend Lady Molly Spindacre  to run away to London to spend some of her husband\'s money. Things get out of hand when Jane becomes infatuated with the handsome Lord Rossendale . After they become lovers, he convinces her to invest her money in various projects and pay off his gambling debts. Eventually, she runs out of money, at which point her "friend" Molly deserts her. Meanwhile, Ducos is ordered by Calvet to take the treasure to Paris, but with the war lost, steals it instead, framing Sharpe for the theft and murder of the guards. Sharpe is brought before a military tribunal and jailed pending the arrival of a purported witness, Colonel Maillot , the officer in charge of the treasure\'s escort. In actuality, the Frenchman had rebuffed Ducos\' offer to share the loot and had gone home to Normandy in disgust. Sharpe\'s friends Sergeant Patrick Harper  and Captain Frederickson  break him out of prison and all three head off to find Maillot. They arrive too late; Ducos has had him murdered shortly before to cover his tracks. Sharpe is wounded by Maillot\'s widowed sister, Madame Lucille DuBert , when she mistakes him for one of her brother\'s killers. While he recuperates, they become romantically involved. In Paris, Frederickson learns the whereabouts of Ducos and is contacted by Calvet. Sharpe joins forces with the Frenchman and his loyal Imperial guardsmen. Together, they storm Ducos\' fortress in Naples. Sharpe shoots his nemesis at long range and Calvet recovers the treasure. Between them, Calvet and Madame DuBert clear Sharpe\'s name.'] ["The 18th century notorious pirate Blackbeard  wreaks havoc on the high-seas looking for Captain Kidd's treasure. His dark presence causes controversy in the local port town of New Providence, especially among Gov. Charles Eden  and his adopted daughter Charlotte , who is being wooed by Lt. Robert Maynard ."] ["The film is a fictional narrative set in the nine hours in the life of Nathuram Godse  that lead up to his assassination of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi . As he prepares for the shooting at Gandhi's residence, flashbacks recall Godse's troubled life of violence with Muslims, his problems with his family, and his involvement with two women . Meanwhile, one Officer Das  is attempting to find the killer before it is too late.Review – New York Times"] ['Mary Tudor falls in love with a new arrival to court, Charles Brandon. She convinces her brother King Henry VIII to make him his Captain of the Guard. Meanwhile, Henry is determined to marry her off to the aging King Louis XII of France as part of a peace agreement. Mary\'s longtime suitor the Duke of Buckingham takes a dislike to Charles as he is a commoner and the Duke wants Mary for himself. However, troubled by his feelings for the princess, Brandon resigns and decides to sail to the New World. Against the advice of her lady-in-waiting Lady Margaret, Mary dresses up like a boy and follows Brandon to Bristol. Henry\'s men find them and throw Brandon in the Tower of London. King Henry agrees to spare his life if Mary will marry King Louis and tells her that when Louis dies she is free to marry whoever she wants. Meanwhile, Mary asks the Duke of Buckingham for help but he only pretends to help Brandon escape from the Tower, really planning to have him killed while escaping. The Duke thinks he is drowned in the Thames, but he survives. Mary marries King Louis and encourages him to drink to excess and be active so that his already deteriorating health worsens. His heir Francis makes it clear that he will not return Mary to England after the king\'s death, but keep her for himself. When she goes to him for help, the Duke of Buckingham tells Lady Margaret that Brandon is dead and decides to go "rescue" Mary himself. Lady Margaret discovers that Brandon is alive and learning of the Duke\'s treachery they hurry back to France. Louis dies and the Duke of Buckingham arrives in France to bring Mary back to England. He tells her that Brandon is dead and tries to force her to marry him. Charles arrives in time, rescues her and kills the Duke. Mary and Brandon are married and remind Henry of his promise to let her pick her second husband. He forgives them and makes Charles Duke of Suffolk.'] ['The sheriff of Nottingham plots to confiscate the estate of the Lord of Bortrey, a nobleman has died on Crusade. The Archbishop of Canterbury, Hubert Walter, speaks against this plot, and the sheriff plans to eliminate him. Robin Hood pretends to undertake the assassination of the Archbishop for the plotters, lead by Lord Melton . Maid Marion, meeting Hood, thinks him the leader of a gang of murderers, and leads him into a trap...'] ["Set during the American Civil War, The Toy Wife tells the story of Frou-Frou, a 16-year-old coquette. She has been in France to attend a prestigious school, but is now returning to her family plantation in Louisiana. Craving to go to New Orleans, she fakes a toothache to visit a dentist there. She is chaperoned by Madame Vallaire, but soon ditches her to attend a ball. There, she meets Vaillare's son Andre, a wastral whom she is immediately attracted to. After returning home, Frou-Frou and her older sister Louise befriend Georges Sartoris, a family friend who received a knife wound after prosecuting a white man for killing a black slave. Louise is in love with him, but encourages her sister to marry him after finding out Georges is more interested in Frou-Frou. As suggested, Frou-Frou and Georges marry. Five years later, their four-year-old son celebrates his birthday. Georges is worried his wife is after all those years still youthful and flirtatious. Fearing she would be unable to give up her life style to become attached to the household, Georges asks Louise to teach her sister how to be a wife. Things don't work out as planned and eventually it is Louise who is doing all the chores. Meanwhile, Frou-Frou becomes reacquainted with Andre while rehearsing a new play she will star in. At home, she realises her sister is taking over her life, winning over the heart of both Georges and her son. Outraged, she confronts Louise and soon elopes with Andre. Six months later, Frou-Frou's father Victor is informed by Madame Vallaire that his daughter and Andre are currently living in New York City. Distraught, Victor collapses and dies the same day. Meanwhile, Frou-Frou and Andre are living in poverty due to Andre's gambling debts. Her father's will leaves her with half of his plantation, but she forfeits her share to her son Georgie. When she and Andre return to New Orleans, jealous ex-husband Georges challenges Andre to a duel. Everybody supects Andre to win, but he is shot and killed. It is hinted that Andre had purposely chosen to be the loser in the duel, because he chose pistols as the weapons, rather than his actual preference of swords. Time goes by and Frou-Frou is now a poor woman, dying of pneumonia. One evening, while praying in church, she is noticed by Louise. She makes Georges realize that Frou-Frou become the woman she was for him, explaining that was what he really wanted. Touched, he visits Frou-Frou and finally allows her to see her son again. He takes her back home and is told there by Frou-Frou he should marry Louise. Soon after, Frou-Frou dies."] ['The film opens in 44 BC, just after the assassination of Julius Caesar, and tells the story of the Egyptian Queen Cleopatra  and her relationship with the Roman general Mark Anthony  from that time until their mutual suicide in 31 BC. It also stars William Lundigan as Lucilius and Michael Fox as Octavius.'] ["In May 1536, immediately following the execution of his second wife, Anne Boleyn , King Henry VIII  marries Jane Seymour , who dies in childbirth eighteen months later. He then weds a German princess, Anne of Cleves . This marriage ends in divorce when Anne deliberately makes herself unattractive so she can be free to marry her sweetheart. . After this divorce, Henry marries the beautiful and ambitious Lady Katherine Howard . She has rejected love all her life in favour of ambition, but after her marriage, she falls in love with Henry's handsome courtier Thomas Culpeper . Their liaison is discovered by Henry's advisers and the couple are executed. The weak and aging Henry consoles himself with a final marriage to Catherine Parr , who survives her husband."] ['The film is a creative documentary where biography and history, stories and archives create a frame around the figure of Lumumba, his political assassination, media and memory. It is a unique opportunity to examine, 50 years later, the life and legend of Lumumba.'] ['General Ibn  Yusuf  of the Almoravid dynasty has summoned all the Emirs of Al-Andalus to North Africa and chastises them for their complacency in dealing with the infidels and reveals his plan for Islamic world domination. Later, while en route to his future bride Doña Jimena , Don Rodrigo  becomes involved in a battle against a Moorish army. Two of the Emirs, Al-Mu\'tamin  of Zaragosa and Al-Kadir  of Valencia, are captured, but Rodrigo releases them on condition that they never again attack King Ferdinand of Castile . The Emirs proclaim him ‘El Cid’  and swear allegiance to him. For this act he is accused of treason against the King by Jimena\'s father, Count Gormaz . Rodrigo\'s proud father, Don Diego , challenges Gormaz, and when Gormaz refuses to take back the challenge or the accusation of treason, Rodrigo kills him in a duel. Jimena swears revenge upon her father\'s murderer. Rodrigo then takes up the mantle of the King\'s champion in single combat for control of the city of Calahorra, which he wins. Rodrigo is then sent upon a mission to collect tribute from Moorish vassals of the Castillian crown, but Jimena, in league with Count Ordóñez , has plotted to have Rodrigo killed. El Cid and his men are ambushed but are saved by Al-Mu\'tamin, to whom he had previously showed clemency. Returning home, his reward is the hand of Jimena in marriage. But the marriage is not consummated and she removes herself to a convent. King Ferdinand dies, and his eldest son, Prince Sancho , becomes king. The younger son, Prince Alfonso ([[John Fraser , also desires the throne; his sister, Princess Urraca  secretly has Sancho assassinated. At Alfonso\'s coronation, El Cid has him swear upon the Bible that he had no part in the death of his brother. Since he had no part in it as his sister was responsible, he swears so, but has Rodrigo banished for his impudence. Jimena\'s love for El Cid is rekindled and she chooses banishment with him. Rodrigo is later called into service of the king once again, to protect Castille from Yusuf\'s North African army. He allies himself with the other Emirs who fear Ben Yusuf and at Valencia, Rodrigo relieves the city of the wicked Emir Al-Kadir, who had betrayed him. The Emir Al-Mu\'tamin and the Valencians offer the crown to ‘The Cid’, but he refuses it and sends the crown to King Alfonso. Rodrigo then repels the invading army of Ben Yusuf, but is wounded in battle by an arrow before the final victory. If the arrow is removed, there is a chance that he will live, but he will not be able to lead his army. El Cid obtains a promise from Jimena to not remove it, knowing that this will kill him. He intends to ride out, even if dead. King Alfonso comes to his bedside and asks for his forgiveness. The morning after El Cid dies, his body is secured upon his horse and sent out at the head of his army with King Alfonso and Emir Al-Mu\'tamin on either side of his horse. When Yusuf\'s army see him with his eyes still open, they believe that El Cid\'s ghost has come back from the dead. Babieca, his horse, tramples on and kills Ben Yusuf, who is too terrified to fight. The invading North African army is completely defeated. The film ends with King Alfonso leading Christians and Moors in a prayer "for the purest knight of all".'] ['The film presents the moral struggle of an American Captain, played by Dana Andrews, who ferries illegal Jewish immigrants into Palestine to fight against the British authorities there.'] ['Imprisoned in Fort Santiago under the abusive Spanish colonization, José Rizal  was approached by a young uneducated indio asking the importance of education during his life. Meanwhile, in Balintawak, Andrés Bonifacio  and his fellow secret organization of Katipunan, commenced the uprising against the cruel tyranny created by the Spaniards by tearing their cedula as a sign of Spanish slavery. Soon, a first lieutenant of the Artillery, Luis Taviel de Andrade , visited Rizal. Taviel de Andrade did not waste time to study carefully Rizal’s case. In just a short period of time, Rizal and Taviel captured each other’s sympathy and eventually became friends as they had usual meetings in Rizal’s cell in Fort Santiago. Taviel was even able to celebrate Christmas with Rizal in the cell where they drank and sang together. After Christmas, Rizal was sent to Royal Audiencia  to hear the trial against him. Soon after, the magistrates decided to condemn him under firing squad on the 30th of the morning in Luneta. At the night before the execution, Rizal hallucinates, seeing his alter ego-protagonist Simoun of his novel El Filibusterismo tempting the author to change the climax of the story. On the morning of the execution, his kin received a small alcohol stove  from his cell containing the last poem "Mi Ultimo Adios." Stopping at the place of execution facing the rising sun, Rizal asked the authorities for a last request as he faces the firing squad but the request is denied. Calm and without haste, he changed his request to save his head during execution and the captain agrees. At the moment the shooting squad points at his back, he readily uttered his final words: Consummatum est.  After the execution, members of the Katipunan had ambushed a Spanish military company somewhere in Manila, completely catching the Spanish forces off guard and seized their mounts, munitions and their rifles. They had also captured a church and executed a friar in an act of vengeance for the execution of Rizal. Bonifacio and his top generals met in their headquarters to plan a new offensive seeking to capture 10 towns in a duration of 1 week from the Spanish. Rizal\'s picture can be seen at the background of his headquarters.'] ["The film opens with a scene of the three Soong sisters in their childhood during the late Qing Dynasty. Their father Charlie Soong demonstrates the wealth and prestige of his family by running one of the most successful printing businesses. The sisters later travel abroad to attend Wesleyan College in Macon, Georgia, America. Of the three sisters, the eldest, Soong Ai-ling, is the first to get married in 1914. Her husband is K'ung Hsiang-hsi, a wealthy banker and the richest man in China at that time. Sun Yat-sen is a fugitive of the weakening Qing government and he lives in exile in Japan. He weds Soong Ching-ling, despite stern opposition from Charlie Soong. After the Qing Dynasty is overthrown by the 1911 Xinhai Revolution, Sun becomes the Republic of China's first provisional president and later founds the Kuomintang . Sun dies of liver cancer in 1925 and leaves his wife with his dying wish of Chinese reunification. Chiang Kai-shek succeeds Sun Yat-sen as the new chief of the Kuomintang. In 1927, he marries Soong May-ling, the youngest of the three sisters. The Chiang couple oppose the Communist Party. The widowed Soong Ching-ling often quarrels with the family, accusing Chiang Kai-shek and his followers of persecuting the Communists and hindering the Chinese reunification. She leaves the Kuomintang and openly voices dissent against Chiang. The three sisters were hardly reunited again, except at their parents' deathbeds and on other special occasions. While the Kuomintang and Communists are fighting with each other, the Empire of Japan takes advantage of the situation to invade China in the 1930s. In 1936, Chiang Kai-shek is kidnapped by Zhang Xueliang in the Xi'an Incident. He is forced to make peace with the Communists and focus on dealing with the Japanese invaders, leading to the Second Sino-Japanese War. The Chinese Civil War continues after the Japanese surrender in 1945 until around late 1949. The film ends with actual footage of the Kuomintang relocating the government of the Republic of China to Taiwan, and a quick glimpse of Communist leader Mao Zedong proclaiming the People's Republic of China on October 1, 1949 in Beijing."] ["The film is about Beijing-based author and scuba instructor Steven Schwankert's search for the British submarine HMS Poseidon. Schwankert was looking for interesting wrecks to dive in northern China when he found HMS Poseidon on a list of unexplored dive sites. He spent the next six years working on the project, bringing together research in China and the UK to piece together the history of the submarine. HMS Poseidon collided with a cargo ship off the coast of China on June 9th, 1931. Thirty-one of the submarine's crew managed to scramble into the water before the submarine sank to the seabed 130 ft  below. But 25 were trapped inside. The submarine hit the headlines within hours because five men managed to escape from the submarine using the new David Submerged Escape Apparatus. They were the first people to escape from a downed submarine using pro to-scuba devices. The film charts Schwankert's efforts to examine the escape and the accident in unprecedented depth. It also follows him as he uncovers the secret salvaging of the submarine in 1972 by one of China's new salvage teams."] ['DreamWorks has announced that the film "will focus on the political collision of Lincoln and the powerful men of his cabinet on the road to abolition and the end of the Civil War."{{cite web}}'] ['In 1787 prisoners are shipped from Newgate Jail on the Charlotte to found a new penal colony in Botany Bay, New South Wales. Amongst them is Hugh Tallant  an American medical student who had been wrongly imprisoned. During the journey he begins to clash with the villainous Captain Gilbert , and is soon plotting a full-scale mutiny against him.{{cite news}}'] ['This big-budget movie is set in 1936 in Barcelona in the midst of the Spanish Revolution and Spanish Civil War.Sandra Brennan, Rovi. Libertarias  New York Times Militia women Pilar  and Floren  are joined by former prostitute Charo  and former nun Maria . The film opens with scenes of working class militants demolishing and burning religious icons, as they shout "down with Capitalism!" and "long live the libertarian revolution!" While fully immersed in the overall enthusiasm of revolutionary Spain, Pilar and friends find themselves fighting against deep gender inequality which complicates their efforts in the war against Francisco Franco\'s Nationalist/Fascist/Catholic forces. They encounter resistance even within their own "Free Women"  organization as one woman  tries to persuade them to stay and work in defense factories, while men try to convince them to go work as cooks, not front-line soldiers.'] ['The film begins in 1536 when Henry VIII  considers whether or not he should sign the warrant for the execution of his second wife, Anne Boleyn: then, in a long flashback which takes up virtually the entire film, the whole truth is revealed. Starting in 1527, Henry has a problem: he reveals his dissatisfaction with his wife, Catherine of Aragon . He is currently enjoying a discreet affair with Mary Boleyn, a daughter of Sir Thomas Boleyn who is one of his courtiers; but the King is bored with her too. At a court ball, he notices Mary\'s 18-year-old sister Anne , who has just returned from her education in France. She is engaged to the son of the Earl of Northumberland and they have received their parents\' permission to marry. The King, however, is enraptured with Anne\'s beauty and orders his Lord Chancellor, Cardinal Wolsey, to break up the engagement. When news of this decision is carried to Anne, she reacts furiously. She blames the Cardinal and the King for ruining her happiness. When Henry makes a rather clumsy attempt to seduce her, Anne bluntly informs him how she finds him: "I\'ve heard what your courtiers say and I\'ve seen what you are. You\'re spoiled and vengeful and bloody. Your poetry is sour and your music is worse. You make love as you eat with a good deal of noise and no subtlety." Henry brings her back to Court with him, whilst she continues to resist his advances out of a mixture of repugnance for Henry and her lingering anger over her broken engagement. However, she becomes intoxicated with the power that the King\'s love gives her. "Power is as exciting as love," she tells her brother George Boleyn, "and who has more of it than the king?" Using this power, she continually undermines Cardinal Wolsey , who at first sees Anne as just a passing love interest for the King. When Henry again presses Anne to become his mistress, she repeats that she will never give birth to a child who is illegitimate. Desperate to have a son, Henry suddenly comes up with the idea of marrying Anne in Catherine\'s place. Anne is stunned, but she agrees. Wolsey begs the King to abandon the idea because of the political consequences of divorcing Catherine. Henry refuses to listen. When Wolsey fails to persuade the Pope to give Henry his divorce, Anne points out this failing to an enraged Henry. Wolsey is dismissed from office and his magnificent palace in London is given as a present to Anne. In this splendour, Anne realizes that she has finally fallen in love with Henry. They sleep together and, after discovering that she is pregnant, they are secretly married. Anne is given a splendid coronation, but the people jeer at her in disgust as "the king\'s whore". Months later, Anne gives birth to a daughter: Princess Elizabeth. Henry is displeased since he was hoping for a boy, and their marital relationship begins to cool. His attentions are soon diverted to Lady Jane Seymour, one of Anne\'s maids. Once she discovers this liaison, Anne banishes Jane from court. "She has the face of a simpering sheep," she informs Henry, "and the manners, but \'not\' the morals. I don\'t want her near me." During a row over Sir Thomas More\'s opposition to Anne\'s queenship, Anne refuses to sleep with her husband unless More is put to death. "It\'s his blood, or else it\'s my blood and Elizabeth\'s!" she cries hysterically. More is put to death, but Anne\'s subsequent pregnancy ends as a result of a stillborn boy. Henry demands that his new minister, Thomas Cromwell, find a way to get rid of Anne. Cromwell tortures a servant in her household into confessing to adultery with the Queen; he then arrests four other courtiers who are also accused of being Anne\'s lovers. Anne is taken to the Tower and placed under arrest. When she is told that she has been accused of adultery, she laughs. "I thought you were serious!" she says, before being informed that it is deadly serious. When she sees her brother being brought into the Tower, Anne asks why he has been arrested. "He too is accused of being your lover," mutters her embarrassed uncle. Anne\'s face shudders with horror before she whispers, "Incest?... Oh God help me, the King is mad. I am doomed." At Anne\'s trial, she manages to cross-question Mark Smeaton, the tortured servant who finally admits that the charges against Anne are lies. Henry makes an appearance, before visiting Anne in her chambers that night. He offers her freedom if she will agree to annul their marriage and make their daughter illegitimate. Anne refuses, saying that she would rather die than betray their daughter. Henry slaps her before telling her that her disobedience will mean her death. Moving back to 1536, Henry decides to execute Anne. A few days later, Anne is taken to the scaffold and beheaded by a French swordsman. Henry rides off to marry Jane Seymour and the film\'s final shot is of their young daughter, Elizabeth , toddling alone in the garden as she hears the cannon firing to announce her mother\'s death.'] ['In Nanking 1942, following a series of assassination attempts on officials of the Japanese-controlled puppet government, the Japanese spy chief gathers a group of suspects in a mansion house for questioning. A tense game of "cat and mouse" ensues as the Chinese espionage agent attempts to send out a crucial message while protecting his/her own identity. Internet Movie Database. IMDb.com. "The Message ". Retrieved 2010-12-04. April 26, 1940, former Nationalist vice president Wang Jingwei made peace with Japan and set up a Japan-supported regime during World War II, a puppet government. Oct 10, during an anniversary ceremony of the government, a Wang government high official was assassinated. Taketa , chief intelligence officer of the Japanese Imperial Army, believed that it was an action of an underground anti-Japan group "Old Gun". He believed there was a mole, nicknamed "Old Ghost"  inside the Wang government\'s Anti-Communist Command. Determined to catch Old Ghost, Taketa sent a false telegraph and arrested 5 suspects who saw the telegraph, bringing them to the closely guarded fortress Qiu Castle. They are:  Anti-Communist squad captain Wu Zhiguo ,  Bai Xiaonian , an aide to the commander,  chief telegraph decoder Li Ningyu ,  mailroom staff Gu Xiaomeng   military intelligence director Jin Shenghuo  Taketa and Wang Government\'s intelligence chief Wang Tianxiang  need to find out the "Old Ghost" in five days. Staying in the closed fortress for five days, the suspects were tormented from constant interrogations. They began snitching against each other for their own survival, and there were more and more horrific physical torture coming up. The interrogators were getting impatient, and the tormented suspects were about to lose their sanity. TV Synopsis http://xin.msn.com/. "The Message ". Retrieved 2012-01-29.'] ["In the year 60 B.C. a group of Druids, including the arch-druid Guttuart , witness the passing of a comet and interpret it as the sign of the coming of a king for their country Gaul, which has not had a king for a long time. Guttuart goes to Gergovia, the capital of the Arvenes tribe, to attend a meeting of Gallic tribal chieftains. The young boy Vercingetorix, along with his friend the young girl Eponia, sneak into a large cavern where Celtill, Vercingetorix's father and chieftain of the Arvenes, hosts the meeting of chieftains with the intention of proclaiming himself king of all Gauls. When Celtill shows off the crown once worn by the old kings of Gaul, an arrow from two Roman spies  hits Celtill in the back. Gobanittio, Celtill's brother, places Celtill under arrest while the Roman spies flee with the crown. Vercingetorix tries to rush in to help his father, but Guttuart prevents the young boy from intervening and explains that destiny requires Celtill to meet his fate. The young Vercingetorix, while watching his uncle burn his father alive, swears revenge. Many years later, the grown up Vercingetorix , having been educated among the druids, continues to seek revenge against his uncle. He and Guttuart go to a road being built by the Romans, but Guttuart flees upon seeing the approach of Julius Caesar  and an entourage of Roman legionaries. Caesar, who held the position of proconsul of Transalpine Gaul, invites Vercingetorix and the Arvenes to participate in an invasion of Britain and gives Vercingetorix a horse to ride back to Gergovia. Upon his arrival at Gergovia, Vercingetorix first avenges his father's death by killing his uncle and then tells his tribe of Caesar's offer to give one half of the booty if the tribe joins in the expedition to Britain. At Bibracte, capital of the Eduens tribe, various chieftains gather to hear Caesar speak of his planned invasion of Britain. Dumnorix, chieftain of the Eduens,  is skeptical of the Romans and tells Caesar that he does not want to go, but Caesar takes his children as hostages anyway. Later, Vercingetorix is reunited with his childhood friend Eponia  in a private meeting with Caesar, who shows to Vercingetorix and Eponia the old crown of the kings of Gaul. Caesar suggests that the numerous Gallic tribes should be united under one king chosen by Rome, but Vercingetorix refuses Caesar's offer by saying that the king of the Gauls should be chosen by destiny. After Dumnorix attacks a Roman garrison, Caesar orders Vercingetorix to capture him. When Vercingetorix confronts Dumnorix, the latter tells him that it was the Romans who orchestrated Celtill’s death. Two Roman officers have been following Vercingetorix, and one of them kills Dumnorix instantly with a sling stone to the forehead. Vercingetorix kills the Roman who slew Dumnorix and sends the other one back to Caesar, who learns that he has made an enemy with someone whom he would rather have as an ally. Vercingetorix, after being elected as leader of the Arvernes at Gergovia, uses scorched earth tactics against the Romans, but he reluctantly spares the city of Avaricum from the torch. Caesar orders the massacre of Avaricum’s inhabitants and leads his army to Gergovia to attack Vercingetorix and the Arvernes. The Eduens also arrive at Gergovia, but they abruptly end their alliance with Rome because of Caesar's massacre of Avaricum. A terribly disappointed Caesar curses all the Gauls and his army is forced to retreat. While the Gallic chieftains elect Vercingetorix as commander-in-chief of a united Gallic army, Caesar forms a pact with the fearsome Teutons at the Rhine River. The Teutons ambush two of the Arvernes and the presence of the Teutons concerns Vercingetorix. Vercingetorix goes to Alesia but Caesar also arrives there with a large army to besiege the city. During this Battle of Alesia, the Romans quickly build a circle of fortifications around the city and this forces Vercingetorix to wait inside the city for a Gallic relief army to arrive. Problems in the election of a commander for this relief army delays its arrival at Gergovia. When the relief army finally arrives, Vercingetorix orders that the Gauls simply surround the Romans, who are now trapped in their own fortifications, and not attack them. Caesar is aware that his army will starve to death if the Gauls do not attack, but he is confident that destiny will play its part. The Gauls clamour for one big battle and Vercingetorix reluctantly agrees to lead them in the fight. Gallic warriors rush towards the Roman fortifications, but the Romans shoot them down with volleys of arrows and javelins. When Caesar unleashes the Teutons into battle, all was lost for the Gauls and they withdraw amidst the large field of dead bodies. Vercingetorix resigns in the fate of the conquered Gauls and rides out to give himself up to the Romans at their fort, where he lays down his weapons and kneels before Caesar. The film ends with Guttuart’s narration that Caesar was assassinated on the Ides of March 44 B.C. on the steps of the Roman Senate and that Vercingetorix, imprisoned in Rome, was executed two years earlier by order of Caesar."] ['In 1987, Latif Yahia , an Iraqi soldier fighting in the Iran–Iraq War, is called to become a "fedai"  for Uday Hussein , the playboy son of Iraqi president Saddam Hussein . Latif comes from an upper-class family and had attended school with Uday, where the other students would remark on their likeness. Latif initially refuses the position, but is imprisoned and tortured, ultimately relenting when his family is threatened. Latif undergoes minor cosmetic surgery to perfect his resemblance to Uday and practices emulating the young Hussein\'s mannerisms and wildly volatile persona. He is given access to all of the luxurious benefits of the Husseins\' fortune, including massive palaces, expensive wardrobes and Uday\'s Ferrari and various other exotic cars. Latif tries to resist Uday\'s exorbitant merrymaking and erratic behavior, at one point fleeing a nightclub in another of Uday\'s Ferraris to attempt to see his family, who believe he has died in the war. However, he is apprehended by Uday\'s bodyguards and beaten. After an appearance at a conference with several Kuwaiti leaders, an attempt is made on Uday\'s  life, apparently by a member of a rebel opposition group, possibly a Kurd. The real Uday, though, is more concerned with the Kuwaitis, who he believes have been slant drilling from Iraq\'s Rumaila oil field. The First Gulf War is launched with Uday proclaiming "The Age of the Sheikhs is over!" Uday\'s increasingly violent, sadistic tendencies are displayed when he kidnaps a 14-year-old school girl and forces her to escort him to a party. At the party, based on an actual 1988 celebration honoring Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak\'s wife Suzanne, Uday becomes enraged with his father\'s personal bodyguard Kamel Hana Gegeo . Uday believes Gegeo facilitated an affair between Saddam and Samira Shahbandar, which devastated his mother, Sajida Talfah, and he also expresses jealousy at the trust his father places in Kamel Hana. When Gegeo passes sarcastic comments about Uday\'s sexual advances towards his young victim, Uday butchers him with an electric carving knife in front of all of the guests. The next morning, Uday\'s bodyguards are seen dumping the naked, beaten body of the young girl. Latif, acting as Uday, is later sent to Basra to rally support among Republican Guard soldiers as Coalition forces have taken control of the war. At Basra, another attempt is made on Latif\'s life. To Uday\'s great concern, Latif nearly loses a pinky in the assault, which presumably would mean Uday would have to have his amputated to maintain their resemblance, but doctors are able to save Latif\'s finger. Later, Latif is confronted by the father of the young girl Uday killed. Uday eavesdrops on the conversation and is outraged by the man\'s pleas for "justice" and "compassion." Uday orders Latif to kill the man, but Latif refuses and instead slits his own wrists, to Uday\'s amusement. After Latif recovers, he confronts Uday at his birthday party. The confrontation escalates to a shootout and Latif escapes in Uday\'s Mercedes with Uday\'s lover, Sarrab . The two escape to Malta, but Sarrab, fearing for her daughter in Iraq, calls Uday begging for the chance to return without being harmed. A would-be assassin sent by Uday just misses shooting Latif almost as soon as they arrive on the island. Uday calls Latif and offers him one final chance to return to Iraq, threatening to kill his father if he refuses. Latif\'s father encourages him not to return and he is killed. However, Latif does return to Iraq, not to continue to serve as Uday\'s double, but rather to kill him, with the help of a man whose bride killed herself after being raped and beaten by Uday on their wedding day. In an adapted version of the attempt on Uday\'s life made by the 15th Shaaban in 1996, Latif and his partner ambush Uday while he is attempting to lure young girls into his Porsche. They wound him severely, including–consistent with unconfirmed reports of the real-life attack–mangling his genitals with a direct shot. One of Uday\'s bodyguards catches up to Latif as he flees the scene. The guard, however, is one who Latif could have killed as he fled from Uday\'s birthday party before leaving the country but spared, and the guard extends him the same courtesy. The movie ends by stating that Latif has been a very difficult man to find after these events. Uday was permanently handicapped by the attack but survived until his killing by the U.S. forces in 2003.'] ["Jun Tendo, a shy scared teenage boy, is transported 1200 years into Japan's past, to the Heian era. There, he must enlist the aid of the dragon Yamata no Orochi to resolve a war between humans and Oni."] ['The film begins in 1813 after the period of the Napoleonic Wars known in German as the War of Liberation. The opening scenes show Prussian Landwehr and volunteers marching down the streets of Breslau through enthusiastic crowds. This is followed by a dialogue between the King Frederick William III of Prussia and Count August von Gneisenau, where Gneisenau explains that the siege of Kolberg taught the importance of citizen armies. Ending with the admonition that kings who cannot lead must abdicate, the scene switches to Vienna in 1806 to show the abdication of the last Holy Roman Emperor, Francis II of Austria, whom the script has Gneisenau call "an Emperor who abandoned the German people in their hour of need". The scene set, the film moves to 1807 and a Kolberg not yet affected by war, where the inhabitants are shown enjoying life, and the town\'s leaders, Nettelbeck chief among them, discuss Napoleon\'s proclamations, and what it will mean to them. Some see the French victories as a good thing, some wonder whether to leave. Nettelbeck alone is set on resisting the French. The film continues in this vein, with Nettelbeck struggling against cowardice, lethargy and the old-fashioned ideas of the garrison commander, to defend his city against the approaching French. Nettelbeck creates a citizen militia, in spite of the best efforts of the regular army, has supplies collected, and strongly opposes the idea of surrender. Finally, having been threatened with execution, and convinced that Kolberg can only be saved if a great leader can be found, Nettelbeck sends Maria on the dangerous journey to Königsberg where the Court of Prussia has retreated to, to meet with the King and with Queen Louise, who was described by Napoleon as "the only man in Prussia". Maria\'s journey leads to the energetic and charismatic Gneisenau being sent to Kolberg. After an initial confrontation with Nettelbeck, in order to show that there is only one leader in Kolberg, and that Gneisenau is that leader, the two work together with the army and the citizens to save the city from the French. After Kolberg is saved, the film returns to 1813 after the Convention of Tauroggen, a time when Napoleon was defeated in Russia, and Prussian leaders wonder whether it is time to turn openly against him. Frederick William is convinced by Gneisenau to do so, and sits down to write the proclamation An Mein Volk  announcing the War of Liberation.'] ["Va Vu Chidambaram Pillai , a lawyer by profession is also an owner of a salt factory. He participates in swadeshi movement and joins in burning all the foreign goods, frequently assisted by Madaswami  who idolizes him. Even he burns a new silk shirt his son wears which was brought from abroad. He notices that there is no Indian ship in the Indian waters to go abroad. So he mobilises fund to buy two ships operating between Thoothukudi and Colombo. But the British India Steam Navigation Company  wage a price war. BISN offer the tickets for 16 annas . Swadeshi company in turn offer the ticket for 8 annas . The British company go further by offering free tickets and free umbrellas for the passengers. Unable to bear the monopolistic trade practices of the British company, Chidambaram's Swadeshi Steam Navigation Company becomes bankrupt. He is arrested on charges of sedition along with Subramaniya Siva for leading a strike against along with workers of the Coral mill run by a British. He is sentenced to 40 years imprisonment at jail, and the city goes insane. In the mean time, Madaswami however finishes half his job, by hiring assassins to kill the local district collector Ash. Through public protests, Chidambaram's imprisonment is reduced to 6 years, and he gets released. However he is disappointed because his country did not get independence, and his brother  refuses to believe that Chidambaram is back. Years later, he dies in vain."] ["While on patrol, Sharpe  and his men rout some French soldiers who have raped and murdered the inhabitants of a Spanish village. Two are captured alive. Their commander, Brigadier General Loup , attempts to bargain with Sharpe for the lives of his men, but Sharpe has them shot in front of him. Loup vows revenge as he departs. Meanwhile, Wellington ([[Hugh Fraser  receives unwanted reinforcements from the King of Spain. His Most Catholic Majesty sends his personal bodyguard, the Real Compania Irlandesa , composed of poorly-trained men of Irish descent under the command of the inexperienced Lord Kiely . Wellington doesn't trust them, not least because of reports in American newspapers that the British are committing atrocities against the Irish people. So he orders the unreliable men to garrison a fort near the French lines, where it will be easy for them to desert if they want to. He assigns Sharpe to train them and puts him under the command of former Wagonmaster-General Colonel Runciman . Kiely's wife, Lady Kiely , and his mistress, guerrilla leader Doña Juanita , both show up in camp. In the meantime, Sharpe has enough time to train the men and strengthen the fort's defences, so that when Loup finally attacks, he is repulsed. Afterwards, Sharpe proposes a quick surprise assault on Loup's headquarters, which is approved by Kiely, Runciman and Juanita. When Kiely learns that his wife is pregnant, he sends her away, out of harm's way, but she is captured. Juanita reveals herself to be a French agent by giving Kiely a secret ultimatum from Loup. He is to let Sharpe and his men commit themselves to the attack, then abandon them in exchange for Lady Kiely's life. It almost goes according to plan. Sharpe's men are trapped, though he himself manages to reach Kiely. When Kiely refuses to act, Sharpe fights him, only to be shot in the arm by Juanita. At that point, Kiely finally rebels. He kills Juanita and shows that she had distributed fake newspapers to undermine the Irishmen's loyalty. Together, he and Sharpe lead the attack against the French. Meanwhile, Harper, in temporary command of Sharpe's company, tricks the French by pretending to be dead. The British win the fight - although Harper is devastated by the death of his youngest rifleman, Perkins . As the battle draws to a close, Kiely is killed by Loup when he tries to free his pregnant wife. Loup is slain in turn by Sharpe."] ["Balam is the son of the ruler of a Mayan tribe who use wooden swords . His father is killed in battle against steel-blade armed rivals led by Hunac Ceel. Balam succeeds to the throne, but is convinced by his advisers, including the head priest, to lead his followers away from the Yucatán, sail to the American Gulf Coast region, so they might regain their strength and fight again another day. Balam's party comes to a coastal settlement with many boats. Balam's wants the population of the settlement to join him with their boats. The settlement's chief agrees if Balam agrees to marry his daughter, Ixchel, and make her Queen. Balam agrees. The new land they arrive in is a province occupied by an Indian tribe led by Black Eagle. They are none too pleased about these strange, uninvited immigrants. In a small raid to capture one of the Mayans, Black Eagle is wounded and taken captive to the Mayans' fortified settlement. Balam's love interest Ixchel tends to the Indian's wounds and gains an interested suitor, one who is more forthcoming with his love for her. Balam is under pressure to resume their custom of human sacrifice by sacrificing Black Eagle. Balam has always been against the policy of human sacrifice and sets Black Eagle free. Eventually, the two leaders agree to coexist in peace. However, they quarrel, and the Indians depart, just as Hunac Ceel finds him. His army mounts a furious attack, but is eventually defeated by the united front of Indians and the transplanted Mayans. Black Eagle is killed in the fighting, resolving the love triangle."] ["The film begins with two children Nam-yi and Ja-in being chased by King Injo's guards and saved by their father Choi Pyeong-ryung, an officer of King Gwanghae and a skilled archer. He sends his own children to find a place of refuge with his best friend Kim Min-soon. As they escaped crying, Ja-in begged her brother to go back to their father but their father was killed in front of Nam-yi. Nam-yi, though bitten by the guard dogs, kills them and escapes with Ja-in. Nam-yi becomes the only family Ja-in has. 13 years later Nam-yi  is now a skilled archer and hunter. He learns from Min-soon's son Seo-goon  that he and Ja-in  plan to get married, with the approval of Min-soon who is also Ja-in's godfather. During the wedding, Nam-yi is up in the mountains hunting deer. He hears the rumble of the invading forces. When Nam-yi makes it back to the village, he finds his step-father slaughtered and his sister taken away. Nam-yi then sets out to find the Qing army and take out their army with his bow. The great commander of the Qing army, Jyuushinta  discovers the mysterious man trailing his men and taking them out one by one. Jyuushinta then sets out to find Nam-yi. Though Nam-yi is shot in the arm, he shoots back at Jyuushinta and one of his men who both fall. Nam-yi rides away to find Ja-in as he thinks that Jyuushinta is dead - but he isn't. Meanwhile Nam-yi finds Ja-in in a field. They are about to reunite when Ja-in sees Jyuushinta aiming at Nam-yi from a cliff. But before the arrow hits, Ja-in shoots the horse and Nam-yi falls. As Nam-yi and Jyuushinta face off, Ja-in runs in between them. Nam-yi's arrrow barely touches Ja-in's dress, but Jyuushinta's finds its mark. Despite Ja-in's protests, Nam-yi pulls it out and shoots Jyuushinta who falls to the ground, finally killed. Nam-yi falls down as well but Ja-in catches him in her lap. Nam-yi says that they should go back to their old home in Seoul. His eyelids then flutter and close—forever. Then Ja-in lays Nam-yi into a boat and she and Seo-goon set sail for Seoul, just as Nam-yi requested."] ['A squad of American paratrooper commandos led by Guy Madison is dropped into France prior to the invasion of Normandy. Once in enemy territory, the squad meets up with a German double agent  who helps them infiltrate a German flamethrower installation. The mission is to destroy the installation, which would threaten the Omaha Beach landing, right before the invasion begins.'] ['A young French historian, Napoleon Beranger, comes to Warsaw on a foreign scholarship. While driving his car along a detour he runs into an old manor in Walewice village. On the wall of the manor he finds portraits of Napoleon Bonaparte and his great love Maria Walewska, a Polish aristocrat who used her charms to convince the emperor to stand up for her country. Beranger meets there by accident a beautiful woman, a student of art history by the same name of Maria Walewska . The pair of modern heroes both notice the striking resemblance of each other to the historical figures, and as if by magic, move back into the Napoleonic period, where they play the roles of Napoleon and his Polish consort. They fall in love.'] ['The Turkish Passport tells the story of diplomats posted to Turkish embassies and consulates in several European countries, who saved numerous Jews during the Second World War. Whether they pulled them out of camps or took them off trains that were taking them to concentration camps, the diplomats, in the end, ensured that the Jews, who were Turkish citizens, could return to Turkey and thus be saved. Based on the testimonies of witnesses, who traveled to Istanbul to find safety, the Turkish Passport also uses written historical documents and archive footage to tell this story of rescue and bring to light the events of the time. The diplomats didn’t only save the lives of Turkish Jews. They also rescued foreign Jews condemned to a certain death by giving them Turkish Passports. In this dark period of history, their actions lit the candle of hope and allowed these people to travel to Turkey, where they found light. Through interviews conducted with surviving Jews who had boarded the trains traveling from France to Turkey, and talks with the diplomats and their families who saved their lives, the film demonstrates that “as long as good people are ready to act, evil cannot overcome.”'] ["Following the death of her husband Francis II of France, Mary, Queen of Scots  returns to her native land. Though fearless, unselfish, and very beautiful, the young queen faces many challenges. As in neighbouring England, the Protestant faith has been embraced by many nobles of Scotland; in addition, the Catholic Mary has to deal with her half-brother James Stewart, Lord Moray's  ambitions for rule. He suggests that Mary enjoy herself in Scotland, and pass the time with dancing and feasting. Moray wants to rule Scotland while the lovely but inexperienced Mary becomes a figurehead. Fearing that Mary has ambitions for England's throne, Elizabeth I of England  decides to weaken her claim by sending her favourite, the ambitious Robert Dudley ([[Daniel Massey , to woo and marry Mary. She promises that Mary will become her heir if she agrees to the marriage. Sly Elizabeth also sends the younger, dashing but weak Lord Darnley , from a powerful Catholic family. Tempted by the handsome Darnley, Mary impulsively chooses him for marriage. Lord Moray, a Protestant, opposes the marriage, but Mary ignores him. She even exiles Moray to strengthen her own authority. Elizabeth is satisfied that reckless, passionate Mary's romantic misadventures will keep her busy in Scotland and give shrewd, practical Elizabeth less to worry about. Soon after the wedding, Darnley throws a childish temper tantrum, complaining that he has no real power and is merely Mary's King Consort. A disillusioned Mary soon banishes Darnley from her bed and frequently consults with the gentle, soft-spoken Italian courtier David Riccio . Darnley had previously had him as a lover and accuses him of fathering Mary's expected child. A group of Scottish lords persuade Darnley to help get rid of Riccio, whom they murder in Mary's presence. To escape, she persuades Darnley that the plotters will turn against him, and they flee to the safety of Lord Bothwell . He has been an ally of Mary since her arrival in Scotland. After he defeats the plotters, Mary forces a truce among their leader Moray, Darnley and Bothwell. Mary gives birth to a son, James, who is expected to succeed both Mary and the unmarried, childless Elizabeth. The peace is short-lived. The weak, selfish Darnley still wants power, though by now he is hideously scarred and already dying of syphilis . Mary pities him, but finds herself falling in love with the rough but loyal Bothwell. With Moray's help, they arrange for Darnley to be killed in a gunpowder explosion at his manor. Bothwell marries Mary, and their few brief nights together are blissful. But Moray rejoins the Scottish lords and leads a rebellion against them. He forces Mary to abdicate, and she and her husband are driven into exile, Mary to England and Bothwell to Denmark. Mary's young son James is to be crowned King of Scotland  and raised as a Protestant. In England, Mary begs Elizabeth for money and an army to regain her throne. Instead Elizabeth takes her prisoner, keeping her locked away in luxurious captivity in a remote castle. Elizabeth's closest advisor, Sir William Cecil , is anxious to get rid of Mary, but Elizabeth fears to set a precedent by putting an anointed monarch to death. She also fears that Mary's death might spark a rebellion by her Catholic subjects and cause problems with powerful France and Spain. As a result Mary is doomed to an open-ended captivity. Over time the once proud Queen of Scots succumbs to an empty routine, plotting half-heartedly to escape but growing increasingly comfortable in her luxurious seclusion. She occupies herself with a lazy daily schedule of cards, embroidery and gossip, talking vaguely of escape yet sleeping later and later each morning. Yet while the helpless imprisoned queen has lost all will to harm her enemies, they continue to plot her final destruction. With the help of his associate Walsingham ([[Richard Warner , Cecil finds evidence of Mary's involvement in the conspiracy to assassinate Elizabeth known as the Babington Plot. Finally Elizabeth confronts Mary, who regains her royal pride and behaves defiantly at their secret meeting. Although Elizabeth offers her mercy if she begs for forgiveness, Mary will not beg for mercy in public. She endures the trial, conviction and execution. She knows her son James will ultimately succeed to the English throne."] ["In June of 1939, King George VI and his wife, the Queen Consort Elizabeth  made a visit to President Franklin D. Roosevelt's country estate in Hyde Park, New York. At the same time, the President was growing closer to his distant cousin and eventual mistress, Margaret Suckley. No British monarch had ever visited the U.S. before, and Roosevelt hoped to bolster American support for the United Kingdom on the eve of World War II, which broke out less than three months later."] ['After the Battle of Worcester at the end of the English Civil War, the main aim of General Oliver Cromwell  is to capture Charles Stuart , son of the executed Charles I. However, the dashing Royalist hero nicknamed "the Moonraker" ([[George Baker  prepares to smuggle him to safety in France, under the noses of Cromwell\'s soldiers. According to the story, he is called "the Moonraker" after a smuggler term; items would be hidden in the village pond then raked out by moonlight.'] ['In 1846, in Lower Manhattan\'s Five Points, a territorial war between the "Natives"  and recently arrived Irish Catholic immigrants, is coming to a head in Paradise Square. The Natives are led by "Bill the Butcher" Cutting , a Protestant nativist. The leader of the Irish gang, the Dead Rabbits, is known as "Priest" Vallon . The gangs meet in a bloody battle, concluding when Bill kills Vallon, which Vallon\'s son Amsterdam  witnesses. Cutting declares the Dead Rabbits outlawed and orders Vallon\'s body be buried with honor. Amsterdam seizes the knife used to kill his father, races off, and buries it. He is found and taken to the orphanage at Hellgate. In September 1862, Amsterdam  returns to New York. Arriving in Five Points, he reunites with an old friend, Johnny Sirocco , who introduces Amsterdam to Bill the Butcher. Amsterdam finds many of his father\'s old loyalists are now under Bill\'s control, including Happy Jack Mulraney , a corrupt city constable, and McGloin , now one of Bill\'s lieutenants. Amsterdam works his way into Bill\'s inner circle, and learns that each year, on the anniversary of the Five Points battle , Bill leads the city in saluting the victory over the Dead Rabbits. He makes plans to kill Bill during this ceremony, in order to exact public revenge. Amsterdam meets Jenny Everdeane , a very successful and discreet pickpocket and grifter, to whom he is attracted. His interest is dampened when he discovers she was once Bill\'s ward and still enjoys Bill\'s affections. Amsterdam becomes involved in the semi-criminal empire of Boss Tweed , the leader of Tammany Hall. During a performance of Uncle Tom\'s Cabin, Amsterdam thwarts an assassination attempt that leaves Bill wounded. Amsterdam realizes he acted more out of honest devotion to Bill than from his own plan of revenge. Both retire to a brothel, where Jenny nurses Bill. Amsterdam confronts Jenny over Bill, and they have an argument that dissolves into lovemaking. Late that night, Amsterdam wakes to find Bill sitting by his bed in a rocking chair, draped in a tattered American flag. Bill says "Priest" Vallon was the last enemy he ever fought who was worthy of real respect, and "Priest" once beat Bill soundly and then let him live in shame rather than kill him. Bill credits the incident with giving him strength of will and character to return and fight for his own authority. Bill admits he has come to look upon Amsterdam as the son he never had. The evening of the ceremony arrives. Johnny reveals Amsterdam\'s identity and his plot to kill Bill. During a knife-throwing act involving Jenny, Bill baits Amsterdam when he throws the knife to leave a superficial cut on her throat. Amsterdam throws a knife at Bill, which Bill deflects, and counters with a knife throw of his own, hitting Amsterdam in the abdomen. Bill then repeatedly beats him as the crowd cheers. Bill proclaims he will let Amsterdam live as "[a] freak, worthy of Barnum\'s museum of wonders". Afterwards, in hiding, Jenny nurses Amsterdam back to health, and implores him to leave New York. They are visited by "Monk" McGinn , who was a mercenary for Vallon in the battle of the Five Points. He gives Amsterdam a straight razor that belonged to Vallon. Amsterdam places a dead rabbit on a fence in Paradise Square. The rabbit finds its way to Bill, who sends Happy Jack to find out who sent the message. Amsterdam ambushes Jack in the catacombs, strangles him, and hangs his body in Paradise Square. In retaliation, Bill has Johnny beaten nearly to death and run through with an iron pike. When McGloin goes to pray at a Catholic church, and sees Amsterdam\'s friend, Jimmy Spoils , he objects to letting a "nigger" in the church. Amsterdam and his friends respond by beating McGloin. The Nativists march to the Catholic Church, where the Irish stand on the steps in defense. Bill promises to return when they are ready. "Boss" Tweed approaches Amsterdam with a plan to defeat Bill: Tweed will back the candidacy of "Monk" McGinn for sheriff in return for the Irish vote. On election day, Bill and Amsterdam force people to the polls, some of them several times, with the result that "Monk" wins by more votes than there are voters. Bill confronts "Monk", who does not respond to Bill\'s challenge, suggesting they discuss the matter democratically. Bill then throws a meat cleaver into "Monk\'s" back and kills him with his own shillelagh. During "Monk\'s" funeral, Amsterdam issues a traditional challenge to fight, which Bill accepts. The New York City draft riots break out, and many upper-class citizens and African-Americans are attacked by the rioters. Union soldiers enter the city to put down the riots. As the gangs meet, they are hit by shells from naval ships in the harbor firing directly into Paradise Square. Many are killed, and an enormous cloud of dust and debris covers the area. Union soldiers then fire into the square, killing numerous people, including McGloin. Amsterdam and Bill exchange blows in the haze, then are thrown to the ground by another shell blast. When the smoke clears, Bill discovers he has been hit by a piece of shrapnel. He declares, "Thank God, I die a true American.". Amsterdam stabs him, and Bill dies with his hand locked in Amsterdam\'s. Bill is buried in Brooklyn, in view of the smoke-filled Manhattan skyline, next to the grave of "Priest" Vallon. Amsterdam narrates New York would be rebuilt, but they are no longer remembered, as if "we were never here". The scene then shifts, as modern New York City is built, from the Brooklyn Bridge to the Empire State Building to the World Trade Center, and the graves of Bill and "Priest" gradually deteriorate.'] ["A pirate ship, fighting in 1588 on the side of the Spanish Armada, suffers extensive damage and must put into a village on the British coast for repairs. The village is small and isolated and the Spanish convince the villagers that the English fleet has been defeated and that they, the Spanish, are now their masters. This results in the villagers' sullen cooperation, but rumors and unrest begin to spread and soon the Spanish pirates find themselves facing a revolt."] ["In the wake of Abraham Lincoln's assassination, eight people are arrested and charged with conspiring to kill the President, Vice President, and Secretary of State. The lone woman charged, Mary Surratt  owns a boarding house where John Wilkes Booth  and others met and planned the simultaneous attacks. Against the ominous back-drop of post-Civil War Washington, newly-minted lawyer Frederick Aiken , a 27-year-old Union war hero, reluctantly agrees to defend Surratt before a military tribunal. Aiken is at first very reluctant to take the case and believes his client is guilty. However, he uncovers evidence casting doubt on the allegations and conducts a spirited defense. He realizes his client is being used as bait and a hostage in order to capture the only conspirator to have escaped a massive manhunt, her own son, John Surratt . As the nation turns against her, Surratt is forced to rely on Aiken to uncover the truth and save her life."] [" Following his graduation from university, aspiring filmmaker Colin Clark  travels to London to get a job on Laurence Olivier's  next production. Hugh Perceval  tells Colin there are no jobs available, but he decides to wait for Olivier, whom he once met at a party. Olivier and his wife, Vivien Leigh , eventually show up and Vivien encourages Olivier to give Colin a job on his upcoming film The Prince and the Showgirl, starring Marilyn Monroe ([[Michelle Williams . Colin's first task is to find a suitable place for Marilyn and her husband, Arthur Miller , to stay at while they are in England. The press find out about the house, but Colin reveals he hired another just in case, impressing Olivier and Marilyn's publicist, Arthur Jacobs . The paparazzi find out about Marilyn's arrival at Heathrow and they gather around the plane when it lands. Marilyn brings her husband, her business partner, Milton H. Greene , and her acting coach Paula Strasberg  with her. She initially appears to be uncomfortable around the many photographers, but relaxes at the press conference. Olivier becomes frustrated when Marilyn is late to the read-through. She insists Paula sits with her and when she has trouble with her lines, Paula reads them for her. The crew and the other actors, including Sybil Thorndike , are in awe of Marilyn. Colin meets Lucy , a wardrobe assistant whom he is attracted to, and they go on a date. Marilyn starts arriving later to the set and often forgets her lines, angering Olivier. However, Sybil praises Marilyn and defends her when Olivier tries to get her to apologise for holding the shoot up. Marilyn struggles to understand her character and leaves the set when Olivier insults her. Colin asks the director to be more sympathetic towards Marilyn, before he goes to Parkside House to check on her. He hears an argument and finds a tearful Marilyn sitting on the stairs with Arthur's notebook, which contains the plot of a new play that appears to poke fun at her. Arthur later returns to the United States. Vivien comes to the set and watches some of Marilyn's scenes. She breaks down, saying Marilyn lights up the screen and if only Olivier could see himself when he watches her. Oliver tries unsuccessfully to reassure his wife. Marilyn does not show up to the set following Arthur's departure and she asks Colin to come to Parkside and they talk. The crew becomes captivated by Marilyn when she dances for a scene and Milton pulls Colin aside to tell him Marilyn breaks hearts and that she will break his too. Lucy also notices Colin's growing infatuation with Marilyn and breaks up with him. Colin and Marilyn spend the day together and are given a tour of Windsor Castle by Owen Morshead . Colin also shows Marilyn around Eton College, and they go skinny dipping in the River Thames. Marilyn kisses Colin and they are found by Roger Smith ([[Philip Jackson , Marilyn's bodyguard. Colin is called to Parkside one night as Marilyn has locked herself in her room. Colin enters her room and Marilyn invites him to lie next to her on the bed. The following night, Marilyn wakes up in pain and claims she is having a miscarriage. A doctor tends to her and Marilyn tells Colin that she wants to forget everything. She later returns to the set to complete the film. Olivier praises Marilyn, but reveals she has killed his desire to direct again. Lucy asks Colin if Marilyn broke his heart and he replies that she did, a little. Marilyn comes to Colin's B&B and thanks him for helping her. She kisses him goodbye and Roger drives her to the airport."] ['Swaroop Singh  won the respect and loyalty of the people of Senji during his rule where Hindus and Muslims lived in peace and prosperity. A son was born to Swaroop Singh and his wife Rambai , whom they named Tej Singh pronounced as Desingu  in Tamil. Swaroop Singh has a secret wife called Jaan Bibi , and they have a son called Dawood Khan  who was a little older than Desingu. Fearing that Dawood might pose a threat to the succession of the throne in years to come, on the advice of his commander and close confidant Yusuf Khan , Swaroop Singh persuades Jaan Bibi to leave Senji, taking little Dawood with her. Desingu who has integrity and courage grows up with his childhood friend, another brave young man called Mohammed Khan , and two are always inseparable. At this juncture, the Sultan of Delhi  offers to free any state coming under his dominion whose ruler manages to tame a wild horse in his stable. Hearing this in the intention to have a free kingdom, Swaroop Singh leaves to Delhi without letting know Rambai and Desingu. Despite trying very hard, he failed to tame the wild horse and imprisoned by the Sultan of Delhi. Upon hearing this, the minister  informs Desingu who rushes to Delhi where he meets his uncle Bheem Singh’s  for advice. The dauntless Desingu manages to tame the stallion and ride it, to the loud cheers of the huge audience. Filled with admiration, the Sultan frees Swaroop Singh who had earlier failed in this endeavour and gives them a written proclamation of Senji’s independence. Desingu marries Ranibai  who is Bheem Singh’s daughter. Pandiyan  who works in the horse stable comes along to Senji and works as assistant to Mohamad Khan’s father and falls in love and marries Sengkamalam  who is also Mohamad Khan’s adopted sister. Meanwhile, growing up as an illegitimate child, Dawood vows to rule Senji some day. But in her deathbed, Jaan Bibi extracts a promise from Dawood that he would not cause any harm to Desingu. Dawood goes to Arcot and wins the confidence of the Nawab when he rescues the Nawab’s infant son from being crushed under an elephant’s feet. The grateful Nawab appoints him as his general. When Dawood expresses his determination to subjugate Senji, the Nawab expresses his helplessness, stating that nothing could be done as long as Desingu has the written proclamation of Senji’s independence in his custody. It is around the same time that Desingu dismisses his general Yusuf Khan from service when he is caught trying to commit adultery molesting Sengkamalam. Abetted by the humiliated Yusuf Khan who has now turned traitor, Dawood makes use of his striking resemblance to Desingu and extracts the written parchment from the unsuspecting wife of Desingu. When Mohammed Khan falls in love with the pretty Ayisha ([[Padmini , he anticipates no opposition from his parents for the match. However, he finds that his mother  and father  have each identified a girl of their own choice to be his wife. When he informs them that he has already chosen his life partner, his father proposes that they go the queen for an appropriate decision. Ranibai asks each of them to write down the name of the girl they have in mind, and then discovers that all 3 of them have written Ayisha’s name. When the royal astrologer  suggests that Desingu and Ranibai be separated for 3 years as an antidote for the inauspicious placement of their stars, Desingu pours scorn upon such beliefs. However, considering the welfare of Senji and heeding to his mother’s plea, Desingu is forced to consent to such separation. He carries on stolidly with his responsibilities as the ruler of Senji during the day. The nawab od Arcot and Dawood Khan sents in  to meet Desingu to request Senji kingdom to pay tax. Desingu announces in agony that Senji would not bow to the Sulytanate of Delhi. Now that Senji had no proof of its independence, Arcot declares war on Senji for non-payment of taxes. Under the resolute leadership of Mohammed Khan, Senji emerges triumphant in warding off the Arcot forces. But even as Mohammed Khan fetches water to quench the thirst of a dying soldier of Arcot, Yusuf Khan shoots him from the back. And not satisfied with dastardly act, Yusuf Khan kills Mohammed Khan’s fiancée Ayisha who had come to the battlefield in search of her beloved. Wanting the brothers to fight against each other now, Yusuf Khan carries false reports to Desingu that it was Dawood who killed Mohammed Khan. Athirst with revenge for the death of his friend, Desingu rushes to the warfront and soon challenges Dawood to a duel. Dawood is hesitant to fight with his brother, and even advises Desingu that they could leave the fighting to their troops. But Desingu is no mood to listen and soon the brothers are engaged in a bitter duel. Handicapped by his oath not to harm Desingu, Dawood is soon vanquished and lies mortally wounded. Desingu’s delight is short-lived, for Yusuf Khan now informs him that Dawood is none other than his brother. Adding to his grief at the death of his friend, Desingu is horrified at having killed his brother, and in a moment of abject remorse, kills himself. The Nawab’s troops now enter the fort in victory, and Desingu’s brave wife Ranibai commits Sati.'] ['Sophia Frederica  is the daughter of a minor German prince and an ambitious mother. She is brought to Russia by Count Alexei  at the behest of Empress Elizabeth  to marry her nephew, Grand Duke Peter . The overbearing Elizabeth renames her Catherine and reinforces the demand the new bride issue an heir to the throne. Unhappy in her marriage, Catherine finds solace with the womanizing Alexei, first and foremost a paramour of the much-older Elizabeth. Rebuffed at this discovery, she takes lovers among the Russian Army to court its favor. When the old Empress dies seventeen years into their marriage, Peter ascends to the Russian throne and takes steps against his wife. Soon Catherine plots and exercises a coup, beginning a reign as Empress that will leave her known to history as Catherine the Great.'] ['The film is set in 1917 in a post-Qing Dynasty era, at Liu Village on the border of Yunnan, China. Liu Jinxi  and his wife Yu  are an ordinary couple with two sons, Fangzheng  and Xiaotian  , living together in Liu Village. One day two bandits enter the village and attempt to rob the general store. Liu Jinxi happens to be in the shop and he fights with the robbers when they turn violent towards the shopkeeper and his family. He kills them during the fight. During an autopsy, detective Xu Baijiu  , who is sent to investigate the case, discovers that one of the dead bandits was Yan Dongsheng  , who is among the government\'s ten most wanted fugitives. The local magistrate is pleased, and Liu Jinxi is regarded as a hero by his fellow villagers. However Xu becomes suspicious because he does not believe that Yan Dongsheng, a fighter, could be easily killed by Liu, who appears to be a mere paper worker. Based on traces of evidence in the shop and Liu and other witnesses\' recollections of the fight, in addition to his extensive knowledge on physiology, Xu is able to deduce that Liu is in fact a highly skilled martial artist, as well as the actual events during the fight after noting signs of brain hemorrhaging due to an injury on Yan Dongsheng\'s Vagus nerve. From subsequent observation, investigation and tests, and information gathered by his partner, Xu learns of Liu\'s true identity - Tang Long, the second-in-command of the 72 Demons, a group of vicious and bloodthirsty warriors of Tangut descent, who brutally murdered a butcher\'s family in Jingzhou ten years ago. Xu immediately returns to the county office to obtain an arrest warrant for Tang Long. The magistrate delays issuing the warrant, citing lack of evidence while actually soliciting for a bribe from Xu. Xu eventually obtains the bribe money from his estranged wife, who blames him for causing her father\'s suicide. After issuing the warrant, the magistrate informs the Master  of the 72 Demons on Tang Long\'s whereabouts, hoping to receive a reward. The Master is offended and reveals that Tang is actually his son, and he kills the magistrate by severing his Vagus nerve. The Master sends his henchmen to Liu Village to capture Tang and burn down the place. While Xu and the constables are on their way there, two henchmen reach the village and kill a villager to force Tang to acknowledge his identity. Tang can no longer control himself and he fights and kills one of the two assailants and runs away, the other assailant who is the Master\'s wife  chases Tang and fights with him in the buffalo shed and she gets crushed by the buffaloes in the stampede and falls down in the river. Tangs tries to save her by holding her hand but she falls down to her death. The remaining villagers retreat to a fortress to hide from the 72 Demons while Tang and Xu stay behind. In the meantime Xu devises a plan, utilising his knowledge of physiology, for Tang to fake his death so the 72 Demons will no longer harass him. When the Demons arrive they lament over Tang\'s death but Xu knows that Tang cannot remain in his "death" state for too long so when time is up he revives Tang. Tang severs his left arm in front of the Demons, announcing that he has formally broken ties with them, but they also tell him that the Master is waiting for him at his house. When Tang reaches home he sees that the Master has taken his family hostage. After a tense encounter, the Master declares that he will let Tang go but he must take Xiaotian\'s blood as a trade. Tang is enraged and he attacks the Master with a broadsword but to no avail, since the Master uses qigong to protect himself from the blade. Xu infiltrates the house through a hatch and he weakens the Master\'s defense during the fight by piercing his heel with an acupuncture needle from underneath the floor. The Master is angered and incapacitates Xu. Tang continues fighting but is quickly overpowered by the Master. Just as the Master prepares to kill Tang, Xu notices the needle still stuck in his heel and takes him by surprise, planting another needle in the Master\'s neck. The Master is unfazed and mortally wounds Xu by slamming him hard to the ground. The top needle acts as a lightning rod, and in combination with the bottom needle acting as an earthing wire, the Master is charred by a lightning strike, killing him. Xu, with his dying breath, declares the case closed. The ending scene of the film shows a now one-armed Tang Long leading a normal life with his family.'] ["In 1856, Townsend Harris  is sent by President Pierce to serve as the first U.S. Consul-General to Japan, following the treaty written by Commodore Matthew Perry. Accompanied only by his translator-secretary, Huesken , comes ashore at the town of Shimoda, as specified in the treaty as the location for an American consulate. However, Japanese governor  refuses to accept his credentials, denying him any official status, due to a conflict between interpretations of the treaty terms. While Harris believes that the Consul shall be present whenever either country requires, the Japanese believe the terms to permit a consul only when both countries require. The governor holds to his interpretation, largely because of objections over the threats under which the treaty was forced upon them. Harris is permitted to remain in Shimoda, but only as a private citizen, with no recognition of his official status. He is provided the use of an abandoned home, adjacent to the town cemetery. The governor explains that, in the two years following Perry's visit, various natural disasters had taken place. Some Japanese believed them to be warnings from the gods to avoid foreign influences. In the weeks that follow, Harris is the target of distrust and hostility, to the extent that Tamura orders townspeople to not even sell him food. Some in Japan wanted the country opened, but many others feared the corruption of foreign influences, and invasion by the barbarians of other lands. For this reason, Harris is not permitted to leave Shimoda, nor to go any closer to the capitol in Edo, 100 miles away. For his own part, Harris does his best to cooperate with the Governor, even obeying orders to take down the American flag which had been raised to mark the location of the Consulate. His cooperation noted, after several months, Harris is eventually invited to dine with the Governor, a dinner following which Tamura sends a geisha named Okichi  to take care of Harris' needs. The relationship between Harris and Okochi grows closer and more intimate, and she helps him understand Japanese culture. Harris makes a number of blunders, one of which leads to a cholera epidemic and the destruction of the town. However, out of this disaster comes Harris' opportunity to go to Edo, where he must then convince the Shogunate to open the country, while facing his greatest crisis."] ['55 Days at Peking is a dramatization of the siege of the foreign legations\' compounds in Peking  during the Boxer Rebellion which took place in 1900 China. Fed up by foreign encroachment, the Dowager Empress Tzu-Hsi uses the Boxer secret societies to attack foreigners within China, leading to the siege and subsequent direct intervention by foreign expeditionary forces which were dispatched to put down the rebellion. The film concentrates on the defense of the legations from the point of view of the foreign powers, and the title refers to the length of the defense by the colonial powers of the legations district of Peking. The foreign embassies in Peking are being held in a grip of terror as the Boxers set about massacring Christians in an anti-Christian nationalistic fever. United States Marine Corps Major Matt Lewis heads a contingent of multinational soldiers and Marines defending the foreign compound in Peking. Inside the besieged compound, the British ambassador gathers the beleaguered ambassadors into a defensive formation. Included in the group of high-level dignitaries is the sultry Russian Baroness Natalie Ivanoff, who begins a romantic liaison with Lewis. As the group conserves food and water while trying to save hungry children, it awaits reinforcements, but Empress Tzu Hsi is plotting with the Boxers to break the siege at the compound with the aid of Chinese troops. Eventually, the forces of the Eight-Nation Alliance arrive to put down the rebellion and relieve the siege of the foreign compounds following the Battle of Peking. These events foreshadowed the coming demise of the Qing Dynasty which had ruled China for two and a half centuries. The Chinese are depicted in accordance with western prejudices of the times: ridiculously long-nails, speaking in  inscrutable phrases, and fundamentally inferior to westerners. Most of the Chinese, including the Empress Dowager and her Prime Minister are played by white performers. The Japanese  are barely mentioned or seen, but when they are they are "civilized" and fight alongside the Europeans and Americans. The film emphasizes the anti-Christian aspects of the Boxer Rebellion, with only one scene  expanding on this being a response to the numerous "unequal treaties" the foreigners had imposed on the Qing Dynasty.'] ['The movie opens in 1932 when World War I veterans are protesting and rallying in Washington D.C. for war bonuses they were promised but never received from the government, a true event known as the Bonus March. The US Cavalry and Infantry are present for crowd control. The mounted cavalry is ordered by Maj. John Hardesty  to present their sabers in order to hold back the protesters. First Sergeant John "Top" Libbey , along with three fellow soldiers, refuse to raise their arms because the demonstrators were men they served with during the war. As a consequence, their military careers are tarnished and they are relegated to duty at a remote post in the American Southwest. Two years later, Lt. Marshall Buxton  arrives at his new post, where it is discovered during his interview with retiring Col. Stuart  that he was assigned because of a fight and that many of the others there are also due to insubordination. Lt. Buxton meets Sergeants Libbey, Quinlain, Mulcahey and Shattuck, who together manage the herd of remounts. Col. Stuart is replaced as post commander by Hardesty, who has been promoted to colonel. Hardesty\'s mission is to aid in the transition to a mechanized army. To accomplish this, the horses at the outpost will have to be destroyed. Buxton is ordered to escort the animals to slaughter. While watching the horses being helplessly shot to death in a mass grave, Lt. Buxton decides, with the concurrence of Libbey and the others, to end the massacre and drive the remaining herd to safety. A manhunt ensues that forces the renegade men and horses north. Along the way, the men get a little help from Retired Col. Stuart in his standing with the War Department and the Colonel\'s daughter , who is a journalist. Many of the horses are lost during the journey, due to exhaustion and injuries. After reaching the Canadian border and making a final run with the horses, the men are granted a pardon by President Roosevelt while dodging a light artillery attack by Hardesty\'s men, who have followed the recreants since their insurrection. Buxton\'s men and the remaining horses are allowed safe passage across the border by the Royal Canadian Mounted Police. While Lt. Buxton decides to return to the United States to face charges, the remainder of his group decide to stay in Canada.'] ["Lee Seong-gye is an ordinary man, the second son of Lee Ja-chun, who passes a state military examination in his early age and becomes a general who defeats his enemies and become Chief. Seong-rye takes power against King Gongyang who is responsible for the death of his father and older brother. He leads his army and defeats Gongyang's soldiers. Seong-gye becomes King and is renamed as Taejo of Joseon."] ['The film covers the life of Filipino patriot and hero Macario Sakay, who was declared an outlaw and a criminal for continuing hostilities against the United States after the "official" end of the Philippine Insurrection. Sakay is a barber from Tondo, Manila who joins Andres Bonifacio\'s revolutionary secret society Katipunan. He fights during the Philippine Revolution against Spain and later in the Philippine-American War. Sakay remains in the field even after the capture of President Emilio Aguinaldo and the fall of the First Philippine Republic. He is captured, but is released during an amnesty. Sakay then takes to the mountains to revive the Katipunan, together with Francisco Carreon, Julian Montalan, Cornelio Felizardo and other rebel leaders. He proclaims himself as General and President of the "Tagalog Republic" , and engages the United States Army and the Philippine Constabulary in guerrilla warfare. On occasion he is aided by talisman-wearing cultist warriors. After years of fighting, Sakay is convinced to surrender by Filipino labor leader Dr. Dominador Gomez, who argues that the establishment of a Philippine National Assembly, instead of armed resistance, is the soundest option towards attaining Filipino independence. On the understanding that the government had offered amnesty, Sakay and his officers come down from the mountains. However, Invited to a reception in town, they are arrested by the government. They are tried and convicted for brigandage. Sakay and Colonel Lucio de Vega are hanged, while Montalan and others receive life imprisonment.'] ["The film is based on a story set in the Chola Empire in year 1083 AD. The titular character in the story is Ambikapathy , the son of the Tamil poet Kambar  who is in love with the Chola princess and daughter of Kulothunga Chola, Amaravati . The king objects to their love and insists on testing Ambikapathy's literary mettle before judging his worth. The test given to Ambikapathi is that he should write and sing a hundred poems in the field of Puram . The poems should not have any reference to the field of Aram . Ambikapathi begins the test in the King's court with a Kadavul Vaazhthu. Amaravathi who is keeping the count, mistakes the invocation as a poem and counts it as poem number one. When he has sung only ninety nine Puram poems, she thinks he has completed the task and signals him that hundred poems have been sung. Declaring victory, Ambikapathy sings of his love for her and thus fails the test. He is executed by the king."] ['In a small Spanish village, Gloria, the imperious head of a troubled family, is devoted to her two sons. The brothers, Óscar and Juan, have frequent violent disputes. Óscar, the oldest, and his steel-willed mother run the family\'s grocery store called el Jardín , which does a brisk business in the black market. When Óscar marries Juan\'s lover, Ana, Juan, the beloved handsome second son decides to better his fortunes in Madrid joining the Nationalist Army. Ana, who loves him, is heartbroken. Juan also leaves behind his impoverished cousin, Ángela, pregnant with his child. She moves to the countryside and gives birth to a boy, Juanito. Years later, Óscar and Ana remain childless. Gloria wants to bring her illegitimate grandson and only heir, into the family circle. When Juanito is stricken with rheumatic fever while searching for his father, Ángela agrees to let him stay at el Jardin. Everyone spoils the boy, and he becomes close to Ana. However, he misses his mother and she returns to live with the family. One day Juanito hears that his father will pass with Franco’s retinue; he finally meets him and discovers he is only a waiter in the service of Franco’s personal bodyguard. The years move on and Juanito has recovered from the rheumatic heart condition, he is totally disenchanted with his father. He learns that his father is visiting Ana, Óscar’s wife. Because Juan now needs money, Ana steals one thousand pesetas from the family safe, the profits from the black-marketing the family practiced to survive during the war. Gloria discovers the theft but blames it upon Ángela, who is dragged off to jail by the local Civil Guards. Gloria discovers the truth and urges Juan to return home to marry Ángela so that the family will have a legitimate heir. Ángela, however, refuses to marry the callow Juan, who is still in love with Ana. Meanwhile, Óscar and Juan\'s sibling rivalry continues, and they fight fiercely in their own love–hate relationship, first over Ana, then Ángela. The following day is Juanito’s "saint\'s day," celebrated by the entire family. During the festivities, Juan tries to seduce first Ángela and then Ana in the hay barn. But Ángela is so enraged by Juan\'s behavior that she shoots him in the shoulder with a hand gun. The scene is discovered by a shocked Gloria, but in the middle of the tumult, the entire family is gathered by the local photographer for a family portrait in front of el Jardín. They throw a jacket over Juan\'s shoulders to cover up the blood from the bullet wound, and the film ends in a freeze frame of the photograph, offering no conclusions, but exposing all the hidden hypocrisy within this petite bourgeois family.'] ["Floribert Chebeya was a human rights activist who had survived Mobutu Sese Seko's dictatorship and the subsequent civil war. On 2 June 2010, his body was found in a car near the capital, Kinshasa. The police quickly painted a scenario that made Chebeya the routine victim of a crime with sexual connotations. However, this version of the events broke down after an investigation in which the police were implicated. The government agreed to bring some of the highest police officials to justice in a military court, handing out stiff sentences to those found guilty and awarding compensation to the victims. The film covers more than just the police case, but provides a survey of life in a country that is between dictatorship and democracy, between opacity and justice. A recurring theme is the failure of the police chief, General John Numbi, to appear and offer an explanation."] ['Retired court painter Shin Han-Pyong seeks to settle an old score with the most sought after painter of that time, Kim Hong-Do . Shin raises his son to surpass Kim Hong-Do, but his son commits suicide over his lack of talent. The father then pushes his daughter Yun-Jeong to disguise herself as her brother and enter the world of court painters. Now the grown-up Yun-jeong , better known as "Hyewon" - the pen name of Shin Yun-Bok, finally enters the court and learns to paint under the guidance of Kim Hong-Do, who is trusted by King Jung-Jo. Kim Hong-Do quickly notices Yun-bok\'s huge potential as well as his girlish features. Things remain normal until Yun-bok goes out and comes across a playful seller of mirrors, Kang-Mu . When their romantic adventure takes off, it is Kim Hong-Do who ends up heartbroken. Kim\'s jealousy, and his desire to own Yun-Bok physically and emotionally, soars to a perilous level. Shin Yun-bok, better known by the pen name Hyewon, is a real figure who produced a host of thematically provocative and artistically excellent paintings in the 18th century. However, not one record of the painter still exists. A story about a genius painter who loved his patron’s lover and then lost everything, only to leave a miindo of the lady.'] ['The film is set in Mano Majra is a silent village in the border of India and Pakistan, close to the railway line near where it crosses the Sutlej River. The film develops around the love affair of small-time dacoit Jagga , with a local Muslim girl, Nooran . Mano Majra incidentally was the original title of the book upon its release in 1956.{{cite book|lastMohan |titlehttp://books.google.co.in/books?idPA4367&lpgmano+majra&sourceY5PxE3fIu-&sigen&eiX&oiresult&resnum0CCwQ6AEwAzgK#vmano%20majra&f2006|publisher81-260-1221-8|page"tr">{{cite news}}'] ['In January 1918, three volunteer nurses came to the field hospital and Polish Corps located in the manor in Ciechiniczach  between Rahačoŭ and Bobrujskiem. Sophie, one of the nurses, finds her previously missing brother. When the hospital gets into the hands of the Bolsheviks, the sisters must cope not only with patient care, but also the brutality of the enemy soldiers.'] ['The story takes place in the late 18th century of Joseon Dynasty , during the last years of King Yeongjo’s reign. Ice is a commodity more valuable than gold. Blocks of it are harvested from frozen rivers in winter, put in royal storage and distributed or sold throughout the year for general consumption. When corrupt officials conspire to form a monopoly and fix its price, a gang of 11 professionals is formed to stop the scheme — and to do that they must make all the royal ice blocks in five storage rooms disappear for a night.{{cite web}}{{cite web}}{{cite web}}'] ["With Napoleon defeated and exiled, the reluctant Duke of Wellington  is persuaded by Lord Castelreagh  to represent Great Britain's interests at the Congress of Vienna, where the victorious allies will decide the future of Europe. While there, his friend the Duchess of Richmond  introduces the married man to the pretty Lady Frances Webster , an ardent admirer, at a ball. During the course of the evening, however, Wellington receives an urgent message: Napoleon has escaped and has landed in France. French King Louis XVIII and his niece and most trusted adviser, Madame, the Duchess d'Angoulême , are not alarmed in the least. Ney , formerly one of Napoleon's marshals, volunteers to take 4000 picked men and capture his former leader. However, he switches sides. With France once again under Napoleon's control, both sides race to reassemble their armies. Napoleon routs the Prussians under Marshal Blücher  before coming to grips with his old nemesis Wellington at the Battle of Waterloo. At the crucial point of the battle, Blücher's timely arrival turns the tide, and Napoleon is defeated for the final time. The allies occupy France and gather in Paris to divide the spoils. Once again, Castelreagh sends Wellington to try to restrain the others from punishing France too severely, in order to ensure a lasting peace. Wellington's task is made more difficult by the opposition of Madame, who is certain he wants to rule France himself. Wellington warns Louis that Madame's desire to have the still popular Ney executed for treason would risk another revolution. Madame arranges for Wellington's recall to London, to answer a newspaper story that he is carrying on an affair with Lady Frances. Wellington soon disproves the claim, but while he is gone, Ney is convicted and shot by firing squad. The French people are outraged. Upon his return, Wellington forces the King to dismiss his advisers, including Madame. Back in London, Wellington has to defend his decision to accept no reparations for his country."] ["The narrative takes place in the 15th century, when Louis XI was at odds with Charles of Burgundy.<ref name Mordaunt |lasthttp://movies.nytimes.com/movie/review?resLe Miracle des Loups  |publisher February 24, 1925}} The king's forces are attacked by the Burgundian troops and Beauvais must be defended until reinforcements can arrive. The defence of the city is led by Jeanne Hachette. There are realistic scenes in which wolves attack some of the opponents of Louis XI."] ["Outnumbered but determined, Wyatt Earp , his brothers Virgil  and Morgan ([[Sam Melville  and ally Doc Holliday  confront and clearly get the best of the Ike Clanton gang in a violent shootout at the O.K. Corral in the Arizona town of Tombstone. Ike , a rustler, conspires to have the Earps charged with murder and tried in a court of law. When they are cleared, Virgil runs for U.S. marshal, but is ambushed by some of Clanton's hired guns. Morgan elects to take the job in his brother's place, but he, too, is killed. Doc Holliday, a gambler who has been on the wrong side of the law himself more than once, is terminally ill with tuberculosis and is admitted into a Colorado sanitarium. Earp intends to clear out of Tombstone with what's left of his family and move to California, but changes his mind upon being appointed a federal marshal for the territory. Guns blazing, Earp and his posse ruthlessly hunt and kill various members of Clanton's gang. He rides to Mexico for a final showdown with Ike, shooting him dead. He makes one last trip to Holliday's death bed to say goodbye to his unlikely friend, then hangs up his badge and guns for good."] ['The year is 1592, after an encounter with a sultan who is holding his daughter Isabella  for ransom Captain Drake  must find what the sultan has asked for before his nemesis, Don Sandovate , beats him to it.'] ["In the movie, Lan Yu , played by Liu Ye, a poor architecture student from northern China desperately needed money.  It is the late 1980s. Meeting an acquaintance, Li Zheng , who suggested to Lan Yu that the youth turn to prostitution, supposedly for one night only, to remedy his financial situation. Naively, Lan Yu agreed. That night, he arrived at Li’s bar and pool hall to meet his John. While there, Li introduced him to a successful businessman and international trader named Chen Handong .  Lan Yu is evidently smitten for he left with the older man rather than the man he was to meet. The night they spent together was not only a sexual, but also an emotional awakening, for the boy. While Lan Yu immediately fell in love with Chen Handong, the older man, who was very closeted, wanted no emotional relationship, only sex. He tried his best to avoid any attachment whatsoever with the youth, instead he showered Lan Yu with money and expensive gifts. His efforts to turn Lan Yu’s love for him into a dependent, loveless relationship failed until Lan Yu discovered Chen in the middle of the seduction of a young college athlete. Crushed, Lan Yu left Chen's apartment. They would not meet again until June 4, 1989, when Chen went looking for Lan Yu, fearing for the youth's safety amid the army’s Tiananmen Square crackdown. Finding Lan Yu disheveled and distraught, the incident reunited the two and opened a new chapter in their relationship. Although Chen Handong still could not commit totally to Lan Yu, he now gave the youth time and attention as well as money, a car, and an expensive villa in the Beijing suburbs. None of the material things were what Lan Yu really wanted although he now accepted them. Chen now lived, somewhat surreptitiously, with Lan Yu and that was all that mattered to the latter. Unfortunately, Chen Handong, being the only son of a top government bureaucrat, was under increasing pressure to marry. After a whirlwind courtship, Chen Handong married Jingping , a translator who helped him negotiate a successful business deal with the Russians. Upon this marriage, Lan Yu moved out of the villa  and Chen Handong and he lost all contact. Shortly thereafter, Chen Handong and Jingping divorced. A chance meeting at the airport and Lan Yu’s invitation to a home-cooked meal reunited the pair. Finally, Chen Handong reciprocated the love and commitment Lan Yu had so freely given and the two were truly a couple. But, Chen Handong’s company, perhaps because of the Russian deal, had aroused government suspicion. An investigation of charges of smuggling and money-laundering started. With his father dead and no longer able to protect him, Chen Handong faced a long prison term, if not execution. Lan Yu took his savings and the proceeds of the sale of his villa and all of Chen’s other gifts and raised enough funds to get Chen Handong out of legal and financial trouble. Unfortunately, just as he realized that the younger man was truly his beloved and his destiny, Lan Yu is killed in a traffic accident. Three years later, Chen Handong is still grief-stricken and that is how the film begins with his thinking back on the past and what might have been."] ["The film focuses on a young African American who continues his family’s tradition of military service when he is drafted into the United States Army during World War II. Despite complications that arise during his basic training, including his jealousy following his girlfriend's flirtatious attention to his sergeant, the young soldier becomes a hero when he locates Japanese saboteurs operating a radio station outside of his military base.“Making Movies Black” by Thomas Cripps, Google BooksVideography of Vintage Black Film Collection at Duke University“The Movies, Race, and Ethnicity: African Americans,” University of California Berkeley"] ["The film depicts the relatively primitive medical practices of the time and the suppositions that physicians made in their efforts to understand the human body. After King George III begins to go mad, his doctors attempt cures such as blistering and purges, led on particularly by the Prince of Wales' personal physician, Dr Warren. Meanwhile, another of the King's physicians, Dr. Pepys, analyzes the King's stool and urine believing that body wastes may contain some clue to the Royal malady; of course, none of these attempts to cure the King actually works. Finally, Lady Pembroke, attendant to the Queen, recommends Dr. Willis, an ex-minister who attempts to cure the insane through behavior modification, and who begins his restoration of the King's mental state by enforcing a strict regime of strapping the King into a waistcoat and restraining him whenever he misbehaves. Meanwhile, the Prince of Wales has been scheming to have himself made Prince Regent, at which point he will effectively be King. He allies with the opposition, led by Charles Fox, to Prime Minister William Pitt's increasingly unpopular government. Tensions rise as the day of the Prince's appointment as Regent draws near, but Dr Willis is making good progress with the King, managing to bring him from his raving and violent state of mind back to a level of normality. As he improves, the King becomes less eccentric, and even manages to recite Shakespeare. Once the Lord Chancellor, Baron Thurlow, hears of the King's rapid recovery, the race begins to get the King to Parliament in time to stop the Prince of Wales being appointed Regent. They arrive just in time, the Prince's plans are thwarted, and King George returns to the throne and to the loving company of his wife the Queen."] ["The Yang family, men and women, had served their country  loyally for generations. During the war with Western Xia, General Yang Tsung-pao is ambushed and killed. His death leaves his only son, Yang Wen as the only male heir left to the Yang family. His widow, Mu Kuei-ying, the grand matriarch and the entire family set out to avenge his death and defend the country. Due to the interference of a corrupt official, Wang Ching, the Yangs were unable to have the emperor's consent to use the imperial army. Thus, they set off with whatever volunteer troops they could muster. Knowing of Mu Kuei-ying's reputation as a warrior and tactician, the king of West Hsia and his sons try various ways to stop her to no avail. They are outsmarted at the end as Mu Kuei-ying, the Yang family and Sung soldiers successfully storm their stronghold."] ["The story is set in the early 18th century when many farmers in the Habsburg monarchy were obligated to work in a nobleman’s fields for two days a week. The location is the Kingdom of Hungary’s north-western Carpathians with a Slovak majority population. Juraj Jánošík ([[Theodor Pištěk , a young, imposing seminary student, returns to his home village to find that his ailing mother has just died. Count Šándor , however, would not release Jánošík’s father  from his weekly obligations for her funeral and has the father caned, which proves fatal for the old man. Jánošík assaults the Count and escapes from the village. While on the run, Jánošík finds himself fighting on the side of a band of highwaymen in a skirmish with the Count’s cohort commanded by Pišta , discards the frock, joins the band, and takes over the band's leadership. Jánošík’s band parties in the mountains, robs traveling noblemen, and uses disguise to rob the guests at the noblemen's County Ball only to redistribute the booty among the farmers. Jánošík rekindles a love affair with his childhood sweetheart Anička , who is sexually harassed by the Count. The local priest  helps Jánošík with the cover-up during his visits to the village. However, his frequent calls and yet another scuffle with the Count prove to be his undoing. With the help of a betrayer, the Count's men learn about Jánošík's whereabouts and overpower him and his band during a drinking party in a tavern. Jánošík is hanged. The central narrative is framed in a story set around the time of the film’s release, in which a hiker  and friends  pause at a mountain sheepfold where the head shepherd comments on the hiker’s stature similar to the legendary Jánošík’s and narrates for them the film’s storyline."] ['Joan is brought to trial. Her judges try to make her say something that will discredit her claim or shake her belief that she has been given a mission by God to drive the English from France, but she remains steadfast. One or two of them, believing that she is indeed a saint, support her. The authorities then resort to deception. A priest reads to the illiterate prisoner a false letter supposedly from her king, telling her to trust in the bearer. When that too fails, Joan is taken to view the torture chamber, but the sight, though it causes her to faint, does not intimidate her. When she is threatened with burning at the stake, she finally breaks and allows a priest to guide her hand in signing a confession. However, she soon recants and is publicly executed.Dreyer, Carl Theodor. Four Screenplays. Bloomington & London: Indiana University Press. 1970. ISBN 253-12740-8. pp. 27-76.'] ['Early morning in 1692 Salem, Massachusetts, some young village girls meet in the woods with a Barbadian slave named Tituba . One of the girls, Abigail Williams , kills a chicken and drinks the blood, wishing for John Proctor\'s wife to die. They are surprised by Abigail\'s uncle, Reverend Samuel Parris , who discovers them. As the girls run away, Parris\' daughter, Betty , falls over unconscious. Parris questions Abigail about the events that took place in the woods; Betty will not awaken, nor will Ruth , the daughter of Thomas and Ann Putnam , who was also dancing. This strikes Mrs. Putnam hard as she has had seven other children before Ruth who died at childbirth. The Parris house is also visited by Giles Corey , who suspects that the children are just acting their sicknesses, and John Proctor , with whom Abigail had an affair and whose wife she wants dead. Abigail still loves Proctor, but Proctor feels that he made a mistake and leaves her. The Putnams and Reverend Parris believe that Betty and Ruth are demonically possessed, so they call Reverend John Hale  from Beverly, to examine Betty. To save herself and the other girls from punishment, Abigail claims that Tituba was working with the devil. After a brutal whipping, Tituba confesses to being a witch. Struck by their newfound power, the other girls begin naming other women whom they "saw" with the devil. One of these is Elizabeth Proctor , John Proctor\'s wife. John, determined not to give his lover her vengeance, insists that his servant, Mary Warren , one of the "afflicted" girls, testify in court that the witchcraft was faked. Although Mary Warren is frightened of Abigail, she eventually agrees. In the court, Francis Nurse gives a list of names of people who vouch for the accused; in response, the judges order that all on the list be arrested and brought in for questioning. Giles Corey insists that when Ruth Putnam accused Rebecca Nurse , Mr. Putnam was heard to tell his daughter that she had won him a "fine gift of land" . Corey refuses to give the name of the person who heard this remark, and the judges order Corey\'s arrest. Meanwhile, Mary Warren insists that she only thought she saw spirits. John is told that Elizabeth is pregnant and will be spared from death until the baby is born, but he insists on charging the girls with false witness. The other girls are called in and asked if they were lying about the witchcraft but cause a commotion, screaming that Mary Warren is putting a spell on them. Proctor, out of pure desperation, confesses to having had an affair with Abigail and that she accused Elizabeth to get rid of her in order to be able to marry him. Elizabeth is called in to see if the accusation is true. However, not knowing that John confessed and wanting to save his reputation, she lies. The girls turn the court further against the Proctors by screaming that Mary Warren is attacking them in the form of a yellow bird. To save herself from being hanged as a witch, Mary Warren accuses John. When asked if he will return to God, John despairingly yells "I say God is dead!" and is arrested as a witch. On the day before John is to be hanged, Abigail attempts to convince the court that Reverend Hale\'s wife is also a witch; this plot backfires on her as the judges believe that a reverend\'s wife is too clean to be possessed by Satan. In time, the girls become outcasts and Abigail steals Reverend Parris\'s money to catch a ship to flee to Barbados, but not before asking John to go with her, telling him she never wished any of this on him. He refuses. On the eve of John\'s hanging, Parris, fearing that his execution will cause riots in Salem directed at him, allows John to meet with Elizabeth to see if she can make her husband "confess" to save his life. John agrees. The judges insist that the confession must be publicly displayed to prove his guilt and to convince others to confess, but John angrily tears up the confession, determined to keep his name pure for his sons. He is taken away to be hanged. Before being hanged, he, Rebecca Nurse and Martha Corey recite the Lord\'s Prayer.'] ['A statue is being dedicated to the late founder of Hoyt City, and reporters from around the country have gathered, speculating that "the old lady\'s going to talk." When the anticipated "old lady" does not appear at the event, they rush to her home. She is centenarian Hannah Sempler , who lives in an old mansion among the skyscrapers of Hoyt City. As she confronts the press who have barged in, a photographer says, "Hold it, Mrs. Hoyt!" She replies that her name is Hanna Sempler, and refuses to answer their questions as to whether she and Hoyt had been married, which as another reporter says, would make him a bigamist. The intruders leave, having learned nothing to prove or disprove the many rumors, but Hannah is persuaded to tell her story to a young female biographer who lags behind. She reminisces about her experiences with Ethan Hoyt  in the American West. In 1848, a teenaged Hannah Sempler is squired by her wealthy father\'s associate, Mr. Cadwallader , but she is not interested. Hannah meets and flirts with a young pioneer and dreamer, Ethan Hoyt, who comes to her home seeking financial backing from her father  in order to build a city in the western wilderness. Her father rejects Ethan\'s proposal, stating that it is too risky. Hannah, however, falls in love with the young man, and quite impulsively, they elope and head west. The first years of their marriage are not easy, but the couple are happy. When Ethan loses all his money and possessions in a drunken gambling spree to Steely Edwards , Hannah wins back his losses and befriends Steely, who accompanies the couple to Sacramento, where they hope to strike it rich mining. In Sacramento, Hannah and Ethan spend less time together, with Ethan working long hours in the mines. One day, Hannah discovers silver on Ethan\'s boots, carried from the Virginia City mine where he had been working. Hannah knows she is pregnant, but does not reveal this to Ethan, knowing he would never leave her behind in that condition. Instead she encourages Ethan to go to Virginia City and find his fortune in the silver mines. Thinking his wife wants him gone so she can be with Steely, Ethan leaves her with no intention of returning. After he leaves for Virginia City, the friendship between Hannah and Steely grows. Steely in fact looks after Hannah and her twin babies. When Sacramento is threatened by torrential flooding, Hannah plans to travel to San Francisco. But knowing that Hannah still loves Ethan, Steely arranges for her to travel by coach to Virginia City to be with her husband—he will go to San Francisco alone. As the coach crosses a bridge near Sacramento, the river overflows and washes away the coach and its passengers. Hannah alone survives; the babies perish. After burying the twins, and believing that Hannah is also dead, Steely travels to Virginia City to tell Ethan the tragic news. It has been years since they\'ve seen or spoken, and by now Ethan has become a wealthy man. When Steely tells him that Hannah is dead, Ethan shoots him, saying, "He killed my wife." Thinking that Hannah and Steely are now dead—Steely actually survives the shooting—Ethan continues his dream of building a great city. Steely returns to Sacramento and discovers that Hannah is still alive. He tells her that Ethan, who believes she is dead, has married another woman. Steely and Hannah move to San Francisco and open a gambling casino. Years later, Hannah\'s father visits her and urges her to "disappear" so as not to threaten the political future of Ethan Hoyt, who is now representing her father\'s railroad interests. Hannah refuses her father\'s request, and travels to Hoyt City, where she watches Ethan giving a political speech. No longer a champion of the people as he once dreamed of becoming, Ethan is now a man of wealth and power, participating in corrupt practices to achieve private goals. Ethan sees Hannah in the crowd and they meet. She tells him that she had divorced him, knowing his political future would be ruined by scandal if it were known they were still married. She reminds him of the dreamer he once was. He goes off with a renewed idealism, devoting the rest of his life to helping the less fortunate, even at his own expense. The story concludes as it started, with the aged Hannah and the young female biographer discussing Ethan Hoyt, standing beneath the impressive statue. Hannah has been alone for many years now, Steely having died in the 1906 San Francisco Earthquake, the same year that Ethan returned to Hoyt City, to die in Hannah\'s mansion. No one knew why he chose to do this, and for some thirty more years Hannah has remained silent about their marriage. The biographer now realizes the profound role that Hannah played in Ethan\'s life and success, and in the founding of this now great city. Also aware of Ethan\'s mythic reputation, she kisses Hannah sweetly, saying, "I\'m kissing my biography [of Ethan] goodbye." Before Hanna leaves the statue, the old woman tears up the marriage certificate she has kept all these years, saying of his myth , "Forever, Ethan. Now no one can change it. Forever."'] ["In the spring of 1518, near Jaén, Spain, Pedro de Vargas , a Castilian caballero, helps a runaway Aztec slave, Coatl , escape his cruel master, Diego de Silva ([[John Sutton . De Silva is el supremo of the Santa Hermandad, charged with enforcing the Inquisition, and Pedro's rival for the affections of the beautiful Lady Luisa de Carvajal . Later, Pedro rescues barmaid Catana Pérez  from de Silva's men. At the inn where Catana works, Pedro becomes acquainted with Juan García , an adventurer just returned from the New World to see his mother. Suspecting Pedro of aiding Coatl, and aware that Pedro's influential father Don Francisco de Vargas  opposes the abuses of the Santa Hermandad, de Silva imprisons Pedro and his family on the charge of heresy. Pedro's young sister dies under torture. Meanwhile, Juan becomes a prison guard to help his mother, also a prisoner. He kills her to spare her further torture. Juan frees Pedro's hands and gives him a sword. When de Silva enters Pedro's cell, Pedro disarms him in a sword fight, then forces him to renounce God before stabbing him. The trio flee with Pedro's parents. Forced by their pursuers to split up, instead of going to Italy to be reunited with his family, Pedro is persuaded by Juan and Catana to journey to Cuba to seek his fortune. The three sign up with Hernán Cortéz  on his expedition to Mexico. Pedro confides in Father Bartolomé , the spiritual adviser to the expedition, about what occurred in Spain. The priest had already received an order to arrest him, but tears it up and gives Pedro a penance in praying for the soul of de Silva, neither aware that de Silva survived. The expedition lands at Villa Rica in Mexico.Spellings and names of locations in Mexico along Cortéz' route, as listed here, are those depicted in the film by use of an animated map. Cortéz is greeted by emissaries of Emperor Montezuma, along with a bribe to leave Mexico. Against the opposition of one of his captains, Cortéz persuades his men to join him in his plan for conquest and riches. Catana seeks the aid of charlatan and doctor Botello . Botello tries to dissuade her, but in the end gives her a ring, supposedly with the power to make Pedro fall in love with her, despite their vast difference in social status. When Pedro kisses her, she rejects him, believing he is under the ring's spell, but he convinces her otherwise and marries her that very night. Cortéz marches inland to Cempoala, where he receives a bribe of gems from another Aztec delegation. He places Pedro in charge of the detail guarding the gems in a teocalli. Pedro leaves his post, however, to calm down a drunk and threatening Juan. When he returns, the gems are gone. Cortéz accuses Pedro of theft. When Pedro finds a hidden door into the teocalli, Cortéz gives him 24 hours to redeem himself. Pedro tracks the thieves, the captains opposing Cortéz, back to Villa Rica, where they have incited mutiny. With the aid of Corio , a loyal crewman, he recovers the gems, although he is seriously wounded in the head by a crossbow bolt during their escape. Cortéz promotes Pedro to captain. Then, to remove the temptation of retreat, he orders their ships burned. They march on to Cholula, where they are met by another delegation, led by Montezuma's nephew, who threatens the expedition with annihilation unless they leave. When Cortez protests that he has no ships, the prince reveals that more have arrived. Cortéz realizes that his rival, Cuban Governor Velázquez, has sent a force to usurp his command. Cortez takes half his men to attack Villa Rica, leaving Pedro in command of the rest. Cortéz returns victorious, bringing with him reinforcements and Diego de Silva, the King's emissary. De Silva is there to impose the Santa Hermandad on Mexico. Juan challenges de Silva to a duel, but is turned down. Father Bartolomé reminds Pedro of his vow, and Cortéz holds him personally responsible for de Silva's safety. When de Silva is strangled that night, Pedro is sentenced to death for the murder. Just before the execution, Coatl confesses to Father Bartolomé that he killed de Silva. Before Pedro can be notified, Catana stabs him with a knife to spare him the degradation of being hanged. Fortunately, Pedro recovers. Cortéz and his followers march on the Aztec island capital."] ['France, 1993. The retired Colonel Raoul Duplan is shot in his home. As the police is baffled, the young army officer Galois leads the investigation. Shortly thereafter, she receives a letter containing some diary pages of a lieutenant who served since 1955 in the Algerian war under the command Duplan and disappeared in 1957 under mysterious circumstances. Every day Galois receives a continuation of the diary in which Rossi describes in detail his ambivalent relationship to Duplan and his dirty methods. Rossi had to witness even torture and public executions. Eventually Galois recognizes, who shot Duplan.'] ['The Egyptian tells the story of Sinuhe, a struggling physician in 18th dynasty Egypt  who is thrown by chance into contact with the pharaoh Akhnaton. He rises to and falls from great prosperity, wanders the world, and becomes increasingly drawn towards a new religion spreading throughout Egypt. His companions throughout are his lover, a shy tavern maid named Merit, and his corrupt but likable servant Kaptah. While out lion hunting with his sturdy friend Horemheb, Sinuhe discovers Egypt\'s newly ascendant pharaoh Akhnaton, who has sought the solitude of the desert in the midst of a religious epiphany. While praying the ruler is stricken with an epileptic seizure, with which Sinhue is able to help him. The grateful Akhnaton makes his savior court physician and gives Horemheb a post in the Royal Guard, a career previously denied to him by low birth. His new eminence gives Sinuhe an inside look at Akhnaton\'s reign, which is made extraordinary by the ruler\'s devotion to a new religion that he feels has been divinely revealed to him. This faith rejects Egypt\'s traditional gods in favor of monotheistic worship of the sun, referred to as the Aten. Akhnaton intends to promote Aten-worship throughout Egypt, which earns him the hatred of the country\'s corrupt and politically active traditional priesthood. Life in court does not prove to be good for Sinuhe; it drags him away from his previous ambition of helping the poor, and is the means of his falling obsessively in love with a courtesan named Nefer. He squanders all of his and his parents\' property in order to buy her gifts, only to have her reject him nonetheless. Returning dejectedly home, Sinuhe learns that his parents have committed suicide over his shameful behavior. He has their bodies embalmed so that they can pass on to the afterlife, and, having no way to pay for the service, works off his debts in the embalming house. Lacking a tomb in which to put his parents\' mummies, Sinuhe buries them in the sand amid the lavish funerary complexes of the Valley of the Kings. Merit finds him there and warns him that Akhnaton has condemned him to death; one of the pharaoh\'s daughters fell ill and died while Sinuhe was working as an embalmer, and the tragedy is being blamed on his desertion of the court. Merit urges Sinuhe to flee Egypt and rebuild his career elsewhere, and the two of them share one night of passion before he takes ship out of the country. For the next ten years Sinuhe and Kaptah wander the known world, where their superior Egyptian medical training gives them an excellent reputation as healers. Sinuhe finally saves enough money from his fees to return home; he buys his way back into the favor of the court with a precious piece of military intelligence he learned abroad, informing Horemheb  that the barbarian Hittites plan to attack the country with superior iron weapons. Akhnaton is in any case ready to forgive Sinuhe, according to his religion\'s doctrine of mercy and pacifism. These qualities have made Aten-worship extremely popular amid the common people, including Merit with whom Sinuhe is reunited. He finds that she bore him a son named Thoth , who shares his father\'s interest in medicine. Meanwhile the priests of the old gods have been fomenting hate crimes against the Aten\'s devotees, and now urge Sinuhe to help them kill Akhnaton and put Horemheb on the throne instead. The physician is privately given extra inducement by the princess Baketamun; she reveals that he is actually the son of the previous pharaoh by a concubine, discarded at birth because of the jealousy of the old queen and raised by foster parents. The princess now suggests that Sinuhe could poison both Akhnaton and Horemheb and rule Egypt himself . Sinuhe is still reluctant to perform this evil deed until the Egyptian army mounts a full attack on worshipers of the Aten. Kaptah manages to smuggle Thoth out the country, but Merit is killed while seeking refuge at the new god\'s altar. In his grief Sinuhe blames Akhnaton for the whole mess and administers poison to him at their next meeting. The pharaoh realizes what has been done, but accepts his fate. He still believes his faith was true, but that he has understood it imperfectly; future generations will be able to spread the same faith better than he. Sinuhe allows Horemheb to become pharaoh, but the warlord is still indignant that his old friend had considered murdering him. He banishes Sinuhe to the shores of the Red Sea; the physician grows old in solitude, still inspired by the glimpse of another world he has been afforded through Akhnaton. The film concludes with a caption reading, "These things happened thirteen centuries before the birth of Jesus Christ".'] ["As the Pacific War draws to an end, the commandant of the Blood Island prisoner-of-war camp has let it be known that should Japan surrender, he will order the massacre of the entire captive population. When the prisoners hear through underground sources that Japan has indeed surrendered, they mobilise themselves to try to prevent the news reaching the commandant. Colonel Lambert , the authoritarian self-appointed leader of the prisoners, deems that they must sabotage communications between the camp and the outside world, and arm themselves in however makeshift a way in readiness for a final showdown. Lambert's unilateral assumption of military authority is not universally welcomed, as other prisoners including Piet van Elst , diplomat Cyril Beattie  and priest Paul Anjou  chafe against his quasi-dictatorial personality, obstinacy and refusal to listen to any views other than his own. Lambert is forced continually to justify his at times apparently illogical and counter-productive decisions. Matters are not helped by the growing suspicion that the camp harbours a collaborator in its midst. Van Elst is given the task of chief saboteur, while Anjou passes messages and instructions to the captives via coded sermons. When the endgame becomes inevitable, the prisoners rise up against their captors in a bloody insurrection, feeling that they have nothing left to lose and the survival of a few is better than the alternative. When Allied relief planes finally arrive they find a mere handful of survivors on either side."] ['The film is the first part of a trilogy which describes the fight of anticommunist resistance of Romanians in the 50s. This first movie is centered on the figure of Ion Gavrilă Ogoranu, a member of the fascist and anti-Semitic Iron Guard, played by Constantin Diţă. Due to its implied antisemitic nature, the film has raised protest from the Elie Wiesel National Institute for Studying the Holocaust in Romania.Der Spiegel, Protests from Holocaust Institute: Berlinale Resists Call to Pull Romanian Film, February 17, 2010. In April 2010, the movie received the Public Award and the Image Award  at B-EST Film Festival in Bucharest.Ziarul Lumina, La unison despre crimele comunismului II, May 15, 2010 {{ro icon}} http://www.ziarullumina.ro/articole;1250;1;38496;0;La-unison-despre-crimele-comunismului-%28II%29.html. The film was released in Romania on 18 November 2010.Evenimentul zilei, Partizanii lui Ogoranu, primiţi cu entuziasm la Bratislava, November 12, 2010 {{ro icon}} http://www.evz.ro/detalii/stiri/partizanii-lui-ogoranu-primiti-cu-entuziasm-la-bratislava-912001.html.'] ["The film depicts events surrounding creation of the United States Constitution, focusing mainly on James Madison, the person who wrote most of that document.http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0300212/ IMDB entry on A More Perfect Union, accessed 18 October 2009. The period immediately following the American Revolutionary War was marked by intense political unrest, owing to huge debts, the interruption of trade and business, shortages of labor, and personal turmoils, all created by the War. It soon became painfully evident that the Articles of Confederation were insufficient to address the country's needs. A movement was soon afoot to upgrade or replace the Articles, and Madison was foremost in the movement. However, he needed the support of George Washington; he needed to show that a new government would be sufficient to address such challenges as Shays' Rebellion and the growing trade problems between the independent States. Madison was strongly opposed by those who feared a strong central government, people known either as States Rights Advocates or as Anti-Federalists, such as Roger Sherman and John Dickinson. Madison was in favor of a bicameral congress, but envisioned both houses being elected according to proportional representation. In this he was strongly opposed by the States Rights Advocates, and he eventually accepted the compromises necessary to address their concerns. The film highlights the basis for these compromises."] ['The series follows two children—Lily  and Bert —who meet at the Star of the Sea Orphanage in Liverpool, England in the 1950s. They are transported to Australia, where they are placed in a labour camp, and later forced to work at a sheep station.'] ["1840s Japan. It is a time of peace and the era of the samurai is waning. A sadistic young Lord Matsudaira Naritsugu rapes and kills at will. No one can touch him because he is the former shogun's son and current shogun's younger brother, and thus above the law. Sir Doi Toshitsura, a senior government official, realizes the situation will become more dangerous after Naritsugu ascends to a higher political position. After a wronged party publicly commits seppuku as a way of showing disdain for Lord Naritsugu, Sir Doi seeks out a trusted older samurai, Shinzaemon, a battle- hardened warrior who served under the former shogun, and secretly hires him to assassinate Naritsugu. However, men loyal to Naritsugu soon get wind of Sir Doi's plot, and move into action. By spying on Doi's meetings, they discover he has hired Shinazaemon. Meanwhile, Shinzaemon gathers 11 more samurai, whom Sir Doi knows can be trusted and are the strongest he knows, including his nephew Shinroukuro. The 12 plan to ambush Naritsugu on his long journey home from Edo. Before they leave, some members of the group are attacked by Hanbei's men but quickly defeat them. Shinzaemon is visited by his old sparring partner Hanbei: each tries to dissuade the other from his task in vain, with Shinzaemon saying they will meet again. In order to block Naritsugu's passage, several of the assassins are sent to buy the help of a town, and so force him to reroute to a remote village for their advantage. Shinzaemon and the others ride urgently towards the village they have chosen for the battle. On the way, they are encounter a few of Naritsugu's hired thugs, meant to slow them down while Naritsugu journeys home; they kill the thugs easily. They decide to travel stealthily through the mountains, where they meet a hunter named Kiga Koyata who leads them off the mountain and they adopt him as the thirteenth assassin. He helps them find the village they have chosen for the conflict, and they are reunited with their comrades. They take the village over and convert it into a labyrinthine mousetrap with many camouflaged fortifications. As they wait, one of the assassins out scouting the area returns with bad news; he claims that Naritsugu and his men have vanished after turning back from the blocked town. Some assassins plead with Shinzaemon to track down Naritsugu, but Shinzaemon who is always thinking ahead, tells them to wait it out; it's hard for Naritsugu and his 70 guards to hide easily. Therefore they must believe that their luck will hold out. Shinzaemon compares their attempt to catch Naritsugu to fishing; he says never reel your line in too fast, otherwise the fish will steal the bait and run away. It is better to wait till the fish swallows the bait and hook, and then reel him in at once. The next morning, their luck turns when the assassins discover that Naritsugu is heading toward the village. But when Naritsugu arrives, they discover they are outnumbered even more heavily than expected: there are over 200 guards that Hanbei has ordered from other areas, not the 70 they were expecting. Nonetheless, Shinzaemon tells the assassins that the bigger the enemy the better, and they must continue their mission. A lengthy battle follows, with Naritsugu and his guards trapped inside the village and attacked by the assassins with arrows, explosives, knives, and swords – with the exception of Koyata, who fights with rocks in slings. Naritsugu, who has led a life of luxury, is enthralled and excited by the violence, claiming it's the most fun he has had and wondering if it was like this during the sengoku period . Inevitably, the assassins fall one by one as they inflict devastating casualties on the guards until, at last, there is a one-to-one sword fight between Shinzaemon and Hanbei, each knowing the other's moves well. Naritsugu watches. As they are fighting on natural terrain and not in a dojo, Shinzaemon triumphs. He approaches Naritsugu, who is finally now unprotected. Shinzaemon tells Naritsugu that he is acting for the people, but Naritsugu tells him that both the people and Samurai have only one purpose and that is to serve their lord. Shizaemon tells Naritsugu that lords can't live without the support of the people, and that if a lord abuses his powers, the people will rise against him. Enraged, Naritsugu stabs him in the abdomen, Shinzaemon returns the thrust. Both are mortally wounded. Naritsugu crawls in the mud, experiencing fear and pain for the first time. He thanks Shinzaemon in his own way for showing him how the world can be so different from the luxuries he was bored with. Shinzaemon decapitates Naritsugu in a coup de grace. Shinzaemon collapses, telling his nephew Shinrokurô that their mission is finished and releasing him from his duty. After telling Shinrokurô that he is deemed worthy as a Samurai and that he must live his life as he sees fit, Shinzaemon dies. As Shinrokurō wanders through the carnage he discovers the hunter Koyata standing amid the chaos. Despite being impaled through the neck earlier by Naritsugu, Koyata has made what appears to be a miraculous recovery. Shinrokurō tells him that Naritusugu is dead and that now their mission is over, he planned to become the most successful bandit in Japan and travel to America to make love with the woman there, and Koyata says that he plans go back to the mountains to take his boss's woman as his own. Shinrokurō says tell her he said hi; Koyata promises that he will before happily hopping over the corpses as he leaves. Alone, Shinrokurō drags his sword behind him as he leaves the village. An epilogue states that the Shogun and the government covered up what really occurred, announcing that Naritsugu died of illness. 23 years later, the Shogunate falls and opens way for the Meiji Era."] ["The film is presented as a true story set during World War II. With the Nazi takeover of Europe underway, the deputy Reichsprotektor Reinhard Heydrich arrives in Prague and his underlings begin enforcing his authority in the towns and villages across the occupied country. In Lidice, the film's main protagonist, František Šíma, is sent to prison following a family dispute that boils over resulting in the accidental death of one of his sons. During Šíma's incarceration one of the other villagers, Václav Fiala, strings along his mistress with lies about his bravery as a resistance fighter against the Germans. Heydrich is assassinated and during the Gestapo investigation that follows, a letter Fiala has written describing his supposed heroism comes to their attention. It leads to the total destruction of Lidice and the mass execution and deportations of its citizens. Throughout the atrocity, Šima remains in jail, where news of what happened is kept from him. On his release, he returns to Lidice where he finds the village has been obliterated and finally learns of the tragic events."] ["At the end of The English Civil War, Sir Thomas Fairfax  celebrates the Parliamentarian victory over the royalist Cavaliers with his colleague and fellow commander, Oliver Cromwell . Meanwhile, King Charles I , who has been captured and is held prisoner by the victors, tries to appeal to Fairfax's wife, Lady Anne . Soon, the trial of the king takes place, and Cromwell & Fairfax disagree over what to do, and from there, tensions rise."] ['The film follows the life of George Armstrong Custer  including his attending the West Point Military Academy, his wooing of Elizabeth "Libby" Bacon  who becomes his loving wife, and his participation in the American Civil War and the Battle of Little Big Horn. Custer enters West Point and quickly establishes himself as a troublemaker, after showing up in an outfit he designed himself that made him appear as a visiting officer. After he is almost kicked out of West Point for the misunderstanding, he signs up as a cadet, and stacks up demerits for pranks, unruliness, and disregard of rules. When the Civil War breaks out his class at West Point is graduated early, including Custer who graduates at the bottom of the class, and is ordered to report to Washington, D.C.. Custer\'s relationship with Libby Bacon begins at West Point, when he is walking a punishment tour around the campus. On punishment, he is not allowed to talk, but he is approached by Libby who is looking for directions. As soon as his punishment is over, he runs after her, and tells her he will meet her at her front porch that evening. Because of his orders to travel to Washington, Custer misses his meeting with her. Once in Washington, Custer befriends General Winfield Scott  who aids him in being placed with the 2nd Cavalry. He becomes a war hero after disregarding his superiors\' orders in a crucial battle and successfully defending a bridge for the infantry to cross. He is awarded a medal while recovering in hospital after a shot to the shoulder, then gets leave to go home to Monroe, Michigan. He meets Libby again but angers her father, who had been a butt of his joking at a bar earlier in day. Custer returns to his regiment. Due to a miscommunication from the war department, he is promoted to the rank of Brigadier General. He takes command of the Michigan Brigade at Gettysburg, wins the day, and many victories follow him all the way to Appomattox. Upon returning home to Monroe as a hero, Custer marries Libby and they set up a house together. However, Custer is bored with civilian life and has begun to drink. Libby visits Custer\'s friend General Scott and asks him to assign Custer to a regiment again. He agrees, and Custer is given a Lt. Colonel\'s commission in the Dakota Territory, where he will ultimately be involved in the Battle of Little Big Horn, later also called "Custer\'s Last Stand". When Custer and Libby arrive in the Dakota Territory, Custer finds the soldiers he is supposed to lead are drunken, rowdy good-for-nothings. An old enemy from West Point, Ned Sharp ([[Arthur Kennedy , is running the bar in town, as well as the General Store which is providing firearms to the local Native Americans. Furious, Custer shuts down the bar and teaches his troops a song, "Garryowen", which brings fame to the 7th Cavalry. They have many engagements with Dakota leader Crazy Horse . Crazy Horse wants peace but wants a treaty to protect the Black Hills. Custer and Washington sign the treaty. The new treaty is almost bankrupting Sharp\'s trading posts so they spread a rumor of discovery of rich gold deposits in the area, to get Euro-American settlers to stream into the Black Hills. Custer and his troops will permit no infraction of the treaty. However, Sharp gives the troops each a bottle of liquor right before they are supposed to report, and they embarrass Custer by riding past Commissioner Taipe  while drunk. Custer hits Taipe in anger and is relieved of his command. On the train home, Custer hears from Libby about Sharp\'s attempts to start a gold rush in the Black Hills, a plan that would bring lots of business to Sharp\'s shipping line. Outraged, Custer takes the information to the U.S. Congress, but they ridicule him. When news arrives that the presence of gold miners has led to open conflict between Native Americans and U.S. troops, Custer appeals to President Ulysses S. Grant who restores to him command of the 7th. On the day of "Custer\'s Last Stand", Custer realizes that a group of infantry will march into a valley where thousands of Native Americans stand ready to fight them. Knowing the infantry won\'t have a chance, he says a tearful goodbye to Libby and leads his battalion into the battle to save the infantry. Arrows fly and horses trample across the valley, and all are killed, including Sharp, who had elected to ride with the regiment to, as Custer puts it, "Death or glory. It depends on one\'s point of view", and who admits with his last breath that Custer may have been right about glory and money when he said that "At least you can take [glory] with you". Custer himself is finally downed by a gunshot from Crazy Horse. In the film, the battle is blamed on unscrupulous corporations and politicians craving the land of Crazy Horse and his people. Custer is portrayed as a fun-loving, dashing figure who chooses honor and glory over money and corruption. Though his "Last Stand" is probably treated as more significant and dramatic than it may have actually been, Custer follows through on his promise to teach his men "to endure and die with their boots on." In the movie\'s version of Custer\'s story, a few corrupt white politicians goad the western tribes into war, threatening the survival of all white settlers in the West. Custer and his men give their lives at Little Bighorn to delay the Indians and prevent this slaughter. A letter left behind by Custer absolves the Indians of all responsibility.'] ['Prince-heir Saliya gives up the throne to marry the commoner Asokamala. Cast *Shanthi Kumar as Saliya *Emilyn Dimbulana as Asokamala *W. D. Albert Perera  as Thapasaya'] ['A young man  returns home to see his elderly father before the latter dies. The father tells his son to extend the love he feels for his family to the greater good. The young man tries to teach the same principles to his children, who instead run off to the city to enjoy the city. The man, however, moves to the countryside to build an orphanage. When his children eventually return, he gives them the same advice his father had given him.'] ['Prince Albert, Duke of York , the second son of King George&nbsp;V, stammers through his speech closing the 1925 British Empire Exhibition at Wembley Stadium. The Duke has given up hope of a cure, but his wife Elizabeth  persuades him to see Lionel Logue , an Australian speech therapist in London. During their first session, Logue breaches royal etiquette and insists on calling his patient "Bertie," a name used only within the Duke\'s family. When Albert decides Logue\'s methods and manner are unsuitable, the Australian bets a shilling that the Duke can recite Hamlet\'s "To be, or not to be" soliloquy without trouble while listening to The Marriage of Figaro played out loud on headphones. Logue records his performance on a gramophone record; convinced he has stammered throughout, Albert leaves in a huff, declaring his condition "hopeless" and dismissing Logue. Logue offers him the recording as a keepsake.  After King George&nbsp;V  makes his 1934 Christmas radio address, he explains to Albert the importance of broadcasting to a modern monarchy. He declares that "David" , Albert\'s older brother, will bring ruin to himself, the family, and the country when he accedes to the throne, leaving Chancellor Hitler and Premier Stalin to sort out matters in Europe. King George demands that Albert train himself, starting with a reading of his father\'s speech. He makes an agonising attempt to do so. Later, Albert plays Logue\'s recording and hears himself unhesitatingly reciting Shakespeare. He returns to Logue, but he and his wife insist that Logue stop delving into his private life and merely work on the physical aspects. Logue teaches his patient muscle relaxation and breath control techniques, but continues to gently probe at the psychological roots of the stutter. The Duke eventually reveals some of the pressures of his childhood: his strict father, the repression of his natural left-handedness, painful childhood metal splints to correct his knock-knees, his first nanny, who secretly mistreated him, and the early death of his epileptic younger brother, John. The two men become friends. In January 1936, George&nbsp;V dies, and David ascends the throne as King Edward&nbsp;VIII, but causes a monumental crisis with his determination to marry Mrs Wallis Simpson , an American socialite and twice a divorcée. At Christmas in Balmoral Castle, Albert points out that Edward, as head of the Church of England, cannot marry a divorced woman; Edward accuses his brother of wanting to usurp his place, calling his elocution lessons preparation, and resurrects his childhood taunt of "B-B-B-Bertie".  At his next session, Albert expresses his frustration that his speech has improved while talking to most people—except his own brother. Albert reveals the extent of Edward VIII\'s folly with Mrs Simpson. When Logue insists that Albert could be a good king instead of his brother, the latter labels such a suggestion as treason, mocks Logue\'s failed acting aspirations and humble origins, and dismisses him. When King Edward&nbsp;VIII abdicates to marry Mrs Simpson, Albert becomes King George&nbsp;VI. The new King and Queen visit Logue at his home to apologise, startling Logue\'s wife . During preparations for his coronation in Westminster Abbey, George VI learns that Logue has no formal qualifications. Logue explains that, as an elocution teacher, he was asked to help shell-shocked Australian soldiers returning from the First World War, and thereby found his calling. When George VI remains convinced of his unfitness to be king, Logue sits in King Edward\'s Chair and dismisses the underlying Stone of Scone as a trifle. Goaded by Logue\'s seeming disrespect, the King surprises himself with his own sudden outraged eloquence. Upon the declaration of war with Nazi Germany in September 1939, George&nbsp;VI summons Logue to Buckingham Palace to prepare for his upcoming radio address to millions of listeners in Britain and the Empire. The King is left alone with Logue in the room with the microphone. He delivers his speech competently, as if to Logue alone, who guides him silently throughout. Afterwards, the King and his family step onto the balcony of the palace to be viewed and applauded by the thousands who have gathered. A title card explains that Logue was always present at King George&nbsp;VI\'s speeches during the war, and that they remained friends for the rest of their lives.'] ["The film covers a great deal of Ying Zheng's life, from his early life as a hostage to his dominance over China, and depicts him essentially as an idealist seeking to impose a peace or unity on the world and defeated by various betrayals and losses. Its story consists in the main of three incidents: the attempt by Jing Ke to assassinate Ying Zheng; the rumour of a Chief Minister's having sired the latter before transferring his concubine to become Queen Mother; and the  story of an official having sired children by the Queen Mother herself. The first incident is shown only at the end of the film, but is foreshadowed in early acts; whereas the other two occur between the fictional genesis and historical manifestation of the first. In the film, Ying Zheng sends his concubine Lady Zhao to the Yan state as a spy to enlist a Yan assassin to attempt to assassinate him, and use that a casus belli to start a war against Yan. Lady Zhao persuades Jing Ke to perform the assassination. After witnessing Ying Zheng's massacre of the children in her home state of Zhao, the lady desires the assassination in earnest. The attempt fails, but Ying Zheng is furious when none of his associates attempt to stop the assassin and he is forced to kill Jing Ke himself, and further saddened when Lady Zhao returns to Qin only to retrieve Jing Ke for burial."] ['Inchon begins with this disclaimer: "This is not a documentary of the war in Korea, but a dramatized story of the effect of war on a group of people. All persons other than those whose real names are used in this film are fictitious and any similarity between them and any persons living or dead is purely coincidental. Where dramatic license has been deemed necessary, the authors have taken advantage of this license to dramatize the subject." which took place September 15–19, 1950 and is considered to the turning point of the war.<ref namehttp://archives.cnn.com/2000/US/09/14/inchon.invasion/index.html |titlecnn.com |author2008-09-16 |archiveurl  2008-03-21}} The protagonist of the film is General Douglas MacArthur , who led the United States surprise amphibious landing at Incheon in 1950. A sideplot in the film involves a married South Korean couple who encounter difficulties in their relationship because of the ongoing war. A United States Army major\'s wife Barbara Hallsworth  lives in a village located at the 38th Parallel, where she was attempting to buy antique furniture and items for her business as an interior decorator. She hears a bulletin over the radio "The communists are coming", and decides to leave the village. She encounters a group of five South Korean children, and after her chauffeur is killed, she drives them to a safe location called the "Inn of the Sixth Happiness". Along the way, she kills a North Korean soldier by shooting him between the eyes.{{cite news}} Longfellow , a second reporter awaiting the press conference, is generally a music critic but also reports on serious events developing in Tokyo. MacArthur is at his residence in Tokyo with his wife, and does not appear at the press conference. Hallsworth and his former lover succeed in turning on a lighthouse to signal 261 U.S. ships, and the South Korean woman\'s father activates mines in the channel. The U.S. troops drive out the North Korean forces and restore President Syngman Rhee  to power. MacArthur gives Rhee a hug, as people wave South Korean and American flags.'] [' The movie begins at present day with Saket Ram , an 89-year-old Hindu man at his death bed. The scene reverts to the past as Saket remembers the 1940s, when he and his good friend, Amjad Ali Khan  are archaeologists working together under their boss, Mortimer Wheeler, in Mohenjo-daro  in the then North-West India. Relations are pleasant between the Indians and the English, and Saket and Amjad do not approve of Partition and the creation of Pakistan.  Aparna Ram , Saket\'s simple Bengali wife, is a school teacher. She lives in Calcutta in the midst of riots and chaos over the issue of the formation of Pakistan and the call by Mohammad Ali Jinnah for "Direct Action". Saket goes to Calcutta and is swept into the madness. In one instance, Saket saves an innocent Sikh girl from the hands of a barbaric Muslim gang. When he returns to his house, he finds a group of Muslims entering his house. They brutally rape and murder Aparna. Saket, unable to cope with his tragic loss, kills the Muslims who raped and killed his wife in a fit of rage. Outside his house, he runs into Sriram Abhyankar , who is part of a Hindu militant group determined to fight the Muslims\' malice with similar brute force, and assassinate Gandhi for what they perceive to be his treachery towards Hindu dominated India . However, Abhyankar and his fellow extremists had lost patience at what they deemed Mahatma Gandhi\'s unreasonable stand to appease Pakistan, who had already invaded Kashmir by that time. Gandhi was pressuring the newly founded Indian state to pay Rs. 62 Crore to Pakistan and some territorial concessions as well. Urged by family to remarry, he weds Mythili . However, on a trip to Maharashtra, he reunites with Abhyankar and becomes a part of his militant organisation that plots to do away with Gandhi. Due to an horse-riding accident, Abhyankar is left a quadriplegic and has Ram swear that he will carry on his work, that of killing the Mahatma. Saket comes to the belief that Mahatma Gandhi  is solely responsible for the division of India and of the two religions and also of having supported whom they viewed as the enemy. Hindu fundamentalists, including Saket, are furious and plot to murder Gandhi. However, Saket, after several incidents surrounding and leading to Amjad\'s death , changes his mind about Gandhi. He decides against assassinating the leader, and attempts to beg for forgiveness. Soon afterwards, Gandhi is killed by another assassin, Nathuram Godse. Ironically, Gandhi dies without his famous last words: "Hey Ram!" as popularly believed, and as in Richard Attenborough\'s film Gandhi. Then on, Saket Ram lives by Gandhian principles. As the 89-year-old Saket Ram is being taken to the hospital, he is told of bomb blasts in the city due to Hindu-Muslim communal riots. He asks "Innuma ?". They are forced by the police to be taken into an underground shelter for their security, but Saket Ram dies there. In his funeral,Gandhiji\'s grandson comes and sees Saket\'s private room which is full of historical photos. Saket\'s grandson hands over Gandhi\'s footwear and spectacle which Saket had previously collected from the place of shootout and had treasured it all the while.'] ["In the contemporary era , two Cuban tourists make a stop at the provincial town of Perales . They are curious when they see two small memorials surrounded by rocks on the corner of a street. Meanwhile, two elderly veterans of the Mexican Revolution, Chelelo  and Cornelio , come out to receive them. They explain to the tourists about the memorials and to whom are they in memory of. Chelelo then recounts the story of two revolutionary friends, Sub-lieutenant Valente Quintero  and Major Atanacio Pizarro , who are fighting a battle in one of Perales' residential streets. Valente is shot in front of the late General Gumercindo Carrillo's home where his widow doña Elvira Peña, daughter Leonor, and housemaid Carmen currently reside. Leonor witnesses Valente's casualty and is decided to go out and help him, against doña Elvira's will. Leonor then explains to her mother that she is returning a favor that could have been done to her father who died while bleeding helplessly in a forest. After, Leonor runs across the street to get the never-sober Doctor Plácido. Then Elvira, Carmen, and Leonor take a hand to bring Valente into the house. Valente stays ill in bed for several days, when his friend Atanacio later receives word about his survival. Atanacio is captivated by the elegant, sophisticated Leonor and admires the conservative sharp-tongued matron Elvira. Antonio and Leonor also start a romantic relationship, which leads them to marriage. Atanacio, who is now a rich, alcoholic landowner duels Antonio for the love of Leonor on the night of his honeymoon. The conflict ends in both Valente and Atanacio being killed by one another."] ['In 1812, a band of deserters, British, French, and others, led by Sharpe\'s nemesis Obadiah Hakeswill  and a French renegade named Pot-au-Feu , takes over a Portuguese village. Lady Isabella , the wife of Sir Augustus Farthingdale , the English military envoy to Portugal, is taken captive. The brigands demand a ransom for her and for another lady taken earlier, Sarah , the spouse of French Colonel Dubreton . Sharpe delivers the money for Lady Isabella, while Dubreton does the same for his wife. Sarah mysteriously recites a verse of poetry. Hakeswill demands double the amount and gives each man five days to deliver the second installment. When Sharpe returns to camp, Wellington ([[Hugh Fraser , the British commander, decides that drastic action is required to discourage desertion before it can infect the rest of his army. Sharpe also reports seeing a Major Ducos , who accompanied Dubreton. This worries Major Nairn ([[Michael Byrne , the head of Wellington\'s military intelligence. He suspects that Ducos, his French counterpart, is scouting the route for a French invasion of Portugal. The village happens to be directly in the most likely path. Sarah\'s poem "Eloisa to Abelard" by Alexander Pope, with full text here. conceals a clue to the captives\' whereabouts. Sharpe comes up with a risky plan to rescue the women. When Farthingdale objects by quoting regulations that a major must lead a detachment of this size, Wellington presents him with a letter from the Prince Regent, who has followed Sharpe\'s exploits with admiration, promoting Sharpe to major. Sharpe then sneaks into the village with Sergeant Harper  and his "chosen men" on Christmas Eve, when the enemy is drunk and distracted, and frees the captives. While they wait for Captain William Frederickson  to bring up his company of the 60th Rifles, it is revealed that Lady Isabella had been a whore, and at one time Sharpe\'s lover. With time on their hands, they resume their sexual relationship. The battle goes almost as planned. The deserters are killed or captured, except for Hakeswill, who escapes. He runs into Sharpe\'s wife Teresa , who had been scouting the approaching French force. Hakeswill kills her, but is then caught by Dubreton, who hands him over to Sharpe. Ducos delivers an ultimatum, demanding the surrender of the village. Sharpe refuses. When Farthingdale tries to negotiate, Sharpe stops him by threatening to reveal Isabella\'s past to the Lisbon court. The French attack, outnumbering the British 10 to 1, but fall into Sharpe\'s trap and are repulsed with rocket artillery. Afterwards, Hakeswill is executed by firing squad.'] ['In 1815, war breaks out once more as Napoleon returns to France from exile on Elba. Richard Sharpe  cannot resist the chance to finally see his enemy and breaks his promise to his French lover Lucille  to fight no more. However, unlike his adulterous wife Jane , she forgives him and accompanies him to the battlefield. Sharpe then scouts far south of Quatre Bras. He spots French troops and sends a Dutch cavalryman on patrol to alert the Allied command. However, the cavalryman and his patrol are attacked and killed by French cuirassiers . Sharpe then returns to the Prince of Orange\'s camp. There, he is reunited with his former sergeant major and best friend, Patrick Harper , and two of his long-time "chosen men", Hagman  and Harris . Sharpe finds employment as a lieutenant colonel on the staff of Prince William of Orange  and makes the acquaintance of his aide de camp Colonel Rebecque . Sharpe scouts the French forces, while a contingent of Dutch musketeers holds a French column off. He then alerts Lord Wellington ([[Hugh Fraser  at a ball in Brussels that Napoleon is on the move. As Sharpe is leaving, he runs into his wife and her lover, Lord Rossendale ; he chases Rossendale and causes a scene in front of the guests. He extracts a promise that he will get back the money Jane stole from him. Previously, Jane had persuaded Rossendale that he must kill her husband during the coming battle. Sharpe is sent to command the defence of a crucial farmhouse at La Haye Sainte, which is manned by the King\'s German Legion and the 95th Rifles. He saves a King\'s German Legion officer, Macduff. Believing that La Haye Sainte has fallen, Prince William orders an English regiment to form line and re-capture the farm. However, French cavalry are nearby and, with the British in exactly the wrong formation, destroy the unit and capture its colours, while Sharpe watches in disgust. Sharpe witnesses more instances of the absolute military incompetence of Prince William. The last time, it costs the lives of Harris and Hagman. Furious, Sharpe shoots the prince at long range from a secluded spot, but only succeeds in wounding him.  Meanwhile, on another part of the battlefield, Rossendale is killed fighting French cuirassiers. Sharpe then rejoins his old unit, the Prince of Wales\' Own Volunteers, taking over when its commanding officer, Lieutenant Colonel Ford, becomes a casualty. At the crucial point of the Battle of Waterloo, Napoleon sends in his elite Imperial Guard. Sharpe repels the last-ditch assault, much to Wellington\'s delight. Wellington gives Sharpe command of the regiment and tells him to pursue the retreating enemy. Whilst advancing, Sharpe glimpses Napoleon as he rides off in defeat.'] ['During the Second World War Field Marshal Erwin Rommel has placed two spies in Cairo, at the headquarters of the British Eighth Army. They are able to monitor every move of the British. It falls to British intelligence to hunt down the spies before they do too much damage to the war effort.'] ["In 1840, U.S. Army General Zachary Taylor sends out Lieutenant Tufts and scout Monk to a remote Florida island home where the reclusive Captain Quincy Watts lives with a 5-year-old son. The soldiers' mission is to rescue men and women taken prisoner by Seminole warriors. One of them, Judy Beckett, develops a romantic attraction to Capt. Watts as they flee the Indians into the Everglades. Most of the other Army troops are massacred after Watts and Tufts separate from them to construct canoes. Back at his home, Watts is distraught to find that his son is gone. He has an underwater fight to the death with Seminole chief Ocala, then is relieved to learn that his boy is safe."] ['{{Plot}} Joan is shown being burned at the stake; however, it happens fast, as the flames quickly engulf her and she disappears. The plotline then tells the story of how she came to this. Ten years earlier, Joan, as a little girl, confesses her sins in church two or three times a day. The priest asks after her family; concluding all is well at home, he decides she is only unusually religious. She skips out of the church, glad to be forgiven by God and Jesus. Wandering away from her village, she has a somewhat violent and supernatural vision. She returns to find her village burning. Her sister, Catherine tries to protect her by hiding her inside a closet before the English arrive at their house. The Englishman sees Catherine and forces himself on her but she valiantly fights him off. Frustrated he takes out his sword and stabs her in her stomach, pinning her to the wall. Catherine\'s now lifeless body is further desecrated and raped repeatedly as Joan watches in horror. She survives the attack, and goes to live with her distant relatives; she confesses to the priest that she wants to forgive her enemies, as the Bible teaches, but she cannot. Many years later, at Chinon, the Dauphin and soon to be King of France Charles VII receives a message from Joan, requesting an army to lead into battle. Charles VII thinks he should let her come, but his advisers say she may be an assassin. The king\'s mother-in-law, Yolande of Aragon says Joan should be seen because the people believe she can save France from the English. Joan arrives at Chinon, and right away Charles VII is warned again that she could be an assassin. Charles VII comes up with the plan to let someone else pretend to be him; that way if she is an assassin she will kill the wrong man, and if she is truly sent by God she will know who the real future king is. Joan stands before the throne, but tells the man sitting there, the young Jean d\'Aulon, that he is a good man but is not Charles VII. The court chamberlain Trémoille, who had just earlier announced Jean d\'Aulon falsely as Charles VII, tells her that the real Dauphin is among the crowd and to go pick him out by herself. Walking slowly through the crowded room, she finds Charles VII in the corner; Charles\' three senior knights  put their daggers to her throat. Joan tells Charles "I have a message from the King of Heaven for you, and you only", and in a private audience, explaining her visions, declares that she is to lead the French Army to victory against the English, and predicts that only then will he become the King of France. The royal court, still reluctant to give Joan an army to command, wants additional proof that she has been sent by God. A specially appointed group of women first proceeds to verify her claim of maidenhood. The testing continues as they question whether her knowledge of warfare is good enough to command an army. To additional demands of extraordinary kinds of proof she replies that she did not come to perform tricks; the fact that she has travelled through enemy territory in her journey to Chinon without being killed should suffice. Joan, clad in armour and equipped with a long white banner, leads the French army to the besieged city of Orléans, which is under the military command of Jean de Dunois, the Bastard of Orleans. Joan arrives with her attendant Aulon and the senior knights the Duke of Alençon, Gilles de Rais and La Hire. Standing in front of a rough model of the city and its surroundings, Joan points to the Boulevard des Tourelles, suggesting an attack there. Dunois and the other senior knights say her plan is reckless and makes no sense, and Dunois even admits that they are not used to taking orders from a girl. An infuriated Joan slaps a chuckling La Hire and, with the help of Aulon, cuts her hair short like a man\'s. She has a letter to the English transcribed, politely requesting their surrender. The English Captain shouts out the response: "Go fuck yourself!" The commanders show their skepticism of Joan\'s leadership by starting next morning\'s battle for the stockade at St Loup without her. By the time she arrives on the battlefield, the French soldiers are already retreating. Furious at her soldiers\' disobedience, she ends the retreat and leads her army into another charge. Her horse leaps into the fort and she lowers the drawbridge, allowing her army to rush inside and take it. Afterwards, the French salvage an English trebuchet, to the delight of the French knight Xaintrailles, who claims it as his own. With the fort taken, they find the Tourelles, a small but impressive stronghold commanded by Sir William Glasdale, that will be much more difficult to take. Joan gives the English another chance to surrender, which they refuse. Dunois and the senior knights begin tactical planning in St. Augustins church, before the Tourelles fortifications. However, Joan hastily leads the French soldiers to the Tourelles, where the prepared English defenders inflict heavy casualties on the French attackers. While climbing a ladder to the fort, Joan gets shot in the chest with an arrow. The siege is brought to a halt by the order of an enraged Dunois; Joan pulls out the embedded arrow herself and collapses. The seriousness of her wounds causes great concern within the French army. She rises before the troops the next morning, and to their delight, leads them in a second attack. An English siege tower falls and the drawbridge is broken, granting access to the outer fort. An improvised battering ram of a cart filled with logs is brought to bear on the great door of the inner fort. They break in; amid the slaughter of the final stand, Joan has another vision, this one of Jesus screaming and bleeding violently from the head. Joan feels conflicted with the victory, uneasy about all the deaths that took place. She even prevents an English prisoner from being executed. The English army regroups on the other side of the river, and the French and English armies move to face each other on a large open grassy field. Joan rides alone towards the English and shouts out to them that this is their chance to surrender and return to England. English archers move forward, which prompts French archers to ready themselves. Mounted English knights then move forward, and then suddenly turn, and slowly ride away. The English infantry follow suit. The French cheer; Joan has freed Orléans. Informed of the victory, the Duke of Bedford, regent for the still under-aged King Henry VI of England, says he wants Joan of Arc burned. Joan returns to Reims to witness the solemn, splendid and emotional coronation of Charles VII of France. Her military campaigns continue to the walls of Paris. Her 10,000 reinforcements never arrive, and the siege to take back the city is a failure. She tells King Charles VII to give her another army, but he wants her only to go home, explaining that he now prefers diplomacy over warfare to achieving France\'s aims and that her services are therefore no longer required. Convinced by Yolande of Aragon that Joan has become a political nuisance, Charles conspires to get rid of Joan by letting her get captured by enemy forces. She is taken prisoner by the pro-English Burgundians at Compiègne. She briefly meets the Duke of Burgundy, who sells her to the English. When Joan is transferred to Rouen, a French city still under English occupation, a mysterious bearded man in black robes and hood, dubbed "The Conscience" in the script, suddenly appears, and as suddenly vanishes, after questioning her visions, her motivations, and beliefs. Charged with the serious religious crime of heresy, stemming from her dubious claim of receiving visions and signs from God, she appears in an ecclesiastical court proceeding that is clearly being forced upon the Christian church by the English occupational government. She refuses to take an oath, declaring it runs contrary to her beliefs. Her defiance causes uproar in the courtroom, and Pierre Cauchon, the Bishop of Beauvais, decides that the case should be heard privately. The English tells Cauchon that the church must quickly condemn and execute Joan for heresy because English soldiers are afraid to fight while she remains alive. The Bishop demurs, expressing his concern about the possibility of wrongfully condemning and executing a Christian girl who might have truly received visions and signs from God. Joan\'s "Conscience" appears in her cell and continues to question her. He shows her dramatizations of mundane circumstances leading to a sword appearing in a field, and then a miraculous evocation of a shining sword descending from the heavens to the strains of an invisible angelic choir and orchestra. Of all the possibilities, you chose this one, he says. About to be burned for heresy, Joan is distraught that she will be brought before God without having given her confession, and the Bishop Cauchon plays upon this, requiring that she signs a written recantation of her visions and signs from God before he can hear her confession. The "Conscience" tells Joan that she has just signed away God\'s existence and that she has abandoned God. The relieved Bishop shows the signed written recantation to the English and tells them that Joan can no longer be burned as a heretic and that now only the English government, and not the Church, can turn her into a martyr. The frustrated English devise another way to have Joan executed by the church instead of by them. English soldiers go into Joan\'s cell room, rip her clothes and give her men\'s clothing to wear. They tell Cauchon that she conjured a spell to make the new clothing appear, which suggests that she is an evil witch who must be burned immediately. Although suspecting that the English may have forced the new clothes on Joan, a disappointed Cauchon nonetheless abandons Joan to her fate, reneging on his promise to hear her confession. The "Conscience", however, offers to hear her last confession: her signs were only what she wanted to believe and were not sent by God; she had fought in the name of revenge for her sister\'s death; she admits that she had been selfish and cruel. Joan is slowly burned alive in the marketplace of Rouen.'] ["In 19th century London, young Polly Peachum falls for the famous womanizing criminal Macheath and they decide to get married, but because of her family's disapproval, her father  has MacHeath arrested."] ["The film, in two parts, begins in 1876 when the Terry-Gibbon column relieves the remnants of the 7th Cavalry that had survived the Battle of the Little Bighorn. They discover Custer's battalion has been annihilated, and the film 'flashes back' and tells Custer's story from the point of view/narrative of his wife, Elizabeth, beginning with the Kansas campaign of the mid-1860s. Concurrently, the Indian perspective is told through the narrative of Kate Bighead, a young Cheyenne woman, who encountered Custer on several occasions. Kate Bighead's narrative is also used to describe events like the Fetterman Massacre and the Battle of Washita River, as is Elizabeth Custer's, to provide a balanced point of view."] ["During the Peninsular War, Napoleon's armies overrun Spain. An enormous cannon, belonging to a Spanish army, is abandoned when it slows down the army's retreat.http://movies.nytimes.com/movie/39132/The-Pride-and-the-Passion/overview French cavalrymen are dispatched to retrieve it. Britain, Spain's ally, sends Royal Navy captain Anthony Trumbull  to find the cannon and see that it is handed over to British forces. However, when Trumbull arrives at the Spanish headquarters, he finds that it has been evacuated and is now occupied by a guerrilla band led by the French-hating Miguel . Miguel agrees to help Trumbull search for the cannon, although the two men come to dislike each other. One cause of their enmity is Miguel's mistress Juana , who falls in love with Trumbull. Meanwhile, sadistic General Jouvet , the French commander in Avila, orders the execution of Spaniards who do not give information of the cannon's whereabouts. The cannon has in fact undergone an arduous journey in the direction of Avila, which Miguel is obsessed with capturing. The guerrilla band, whose ranks have swelled considerably, almost loses the cannon when General Jouvet deploys artillery near a mountain pass that they need to use to get to Avila. With help from the local populace, they get the cannon through, although it rolls down a hillside and is badly damaged. The cannon is hidden in a cathedral while it is repaired, once having to be disguised as an ornamental piece during a religious celebration. French officers are informed about the cannon's presence, however, but the cannon has been moved by the time the officers arrived and they scorn the informant. When the cannon finally arrives at the guerrillas' camp near Avila, Trumbull and Miguel prepare to attack the city. However, Avila is defended by strong walls and eighty cannons, Trumbull going so far to estimate that half of the guerrillas will be killed during the assault. He tries to convince Juana not to participate in the attack, but, the next day, she goes with the men. The cannon is used to breach the walls, and, despite suffering heavy losses , the guerrillas get inside the city. Jouvet is killed and the remaining French troops are overrun in the town square. After the battle, Trumbull places Miguel's body in front of the statue of Avila's patron saint. The cannon appears to have been based on a real prototype from Jaipur, in India, the Jaivana Cannon, one of the largest cannon ever built."] ['When Russian revolutionaries overrun his country estate, Baron Nikita Krasnoff  barely escapes with his life by killing one of them and switching clothes. His story is suspicious, so the household servant Tanyusha  is found and brought to identify him. To his surprise, she does not betray him, and they are released. He is even allowed to "loot" one of his own possessions, a sword with the fabulous Krasnoff pearl necklace hidden in a secret compartment in the scabbard. Krasnoff sets off for Turkey; Tanyusha accompanies him, much to his puzzlement. To get past a checkpoint, they hide in a car. When they are discovered, Krasnoff offers to pay, exchanging a single strand of pearls at a time as their journey continues. When the couple falls asleep, the greedy car owner and his driver rob them and force them out of the vehicle. However, when the crooks try to run another checkpoint, they are killed by the guards. Krasnoff and Tanyusha continue on foot. The first night, Krasnoff tries to take advantage of his companion, but when she resists his advances, he desists. Eventually, they reach Constantinople, where Krasnoff gets a job as a dishwasher, while Tanyusha scrubs floors at a hospital. Krasnoff marries Tanyusha. One day, restaurant patron Vera Zimina  is astonished to find her ex-lover Krasnoff working as a busboy. She enlists him for a moneymaking scheme. Tired of his wretched existence, Krasnoff goes off with Vera, telling his wife that he will send her money. However, his letters are intercepted by the landlady. Vera has befriended the wealthy Mr. Murphy . Krasnoff is assigned to romance Murphy\'s daughter Marjorie ([[Sheila Terry . Vera then gives Krasnoff an excellent imitation of the Krasnoff pearls to sell to the trusting Murphys. When he proves reluctant, she shows him a Turkish proclamation announcing that all unemployed Russians are to be deported back to the Soviet Union. It does not have the effect she intended though. Krasnoff, afraid that his wife will be sent back, confesses the truth to Marjorie and rushes off to find Tanyusha. He cannot find her and is picked up by the Turkish police for deportation. He is reunited with Tanyusha, and together, they board the ship taking them to a grim future.'] ["The storyline of the movie is based on the memoirs of an old Bolshevik named Vasily Lukich Panyushkin. It is May of 1912. Thirteen political prisoners are being tried in a naval fortress of Kronstadt. They are sentenced to death by hanging. A clandestine Bolshevik organization decides to free the prisoners during their transfer to the place of execution. Vasily Panin , a junker of a school of naval engineers, is one of those entrusted with this dangerous task. The day Panin is promoted to warrant officer is the day he is baptized by fire. In the evening of that same day Panin arrives at a military vessel named Elizaveta, which is supposed to leave for France the next morning. The freed prisoners go out into the sea on a fishing boat and soon find themselves in a desperate situation. Panin and other Bolshevik seamen onboard Elizaveta hide the fugitives in a non-operational boiler of the ship. Elizaveta sails on. Naval officers and petty officers dart about the ship and are close to discovering the fugitives. Petty officer Savichev  comes across the fugitives, and Panin throws him overboard. Finally, Elizaveta arrives in Gâvres. The fugitives manage to disembark under the guise of sailors on shore leave. Warrant officer Panin is a relief commander. That same evening the crew returns from their shore leave short of thirteen people. Captain Sergeyev of Elizaveta ([[Nikolai Sergeyev  realizes that warrant officer Panin has something to do with the escape and offers him to remain in France. In France, Panin establishes contact with local Bolshevik emigres, who provide him with the money and a passport to return to Russia. He receives a letter from Vladimir Lenin, in which the latter expresses his regret regarding Panin's being away from the Navy. And then warrant officer Panin decides to return to his ship in Kronstadt. He is arrested and stands trial. At the trial, however, he tells a made-up story about his love affairs, and the court decides to simply reduce him to the ranks. Upon becoming a matrose, Panin joins the revolutionary movement yet again."] ['Note: This plot is for the non-censored version of the film. Some scenes described below are omitted from other versions. In 17th Century France, Cardinal Richelieu  is influencing Louis XIII  in an attempt to gain further power. He convinces Louis that the fortifications of cities throughout France should be demolished to prevent Protestants from uprising. Louis agrees, but forbids Richelieu from carrying out demolitions in the town of Loudun, having made a promise to its governor not to damage the town. Meanwhile, in Loudun, the Governor has died, leaving control of the city to Urbain Grandier , a dissolute and proud but popular and well-regarded priest. He is having an affair with a relative of Father Canon Mignon , another priest in the town, unaware that the deformed, neurotic Sister Jeanne , head of the local convent, is sexually obsessed with him. She asks for Grandier to become the convent\'s new confessor. Grandier secretly marries another woman, Madeline De Brou , but news of this reaches Sister Jeanne, driving her to insanity . Baron Jean de Laubardemont  arrives with orders to demolish the city, overriding Grandier\'s orders to stop. Grandier summons the town\'s soldiers and forces Laubardemont to back down pending the arrival of an order for the demolition from King Louis. Grandier departs Loudun to visit the King. In the meantime, Sister Jeanne is informed by Father Mignon that he is to be her new confessor. She informs him of Grandier\'s marriage and affairs, and also inadvertently accuses Grandier of witchcraft and of possessing her. Mignon relays this information to Laubardemont. In the process, the information is boiled down to just the claim that Grandier has bewitched the convent and has had commerce with the Devil. With Grandier away from Loudon, Laubardemont and Mignon decide to find evidence against him. Laubardemont summons the lunatic inquisitor Father Pierre Barre , a "professional witch-hunter", whose interrogations actually involve depraved acts of "exorcism", including the forced administration of enemas to his victims. Sister Jeanne claims that Grandier has bewitched her, and the other nuns do the same. A public exorcism erupts in the town, in which nuns remove their clothes and enter a state of religious frenzy. Duke Henri de Condé  arrives, claiming to be carrying a holy relic which can remove the "devils" possessing the nuns. Father Barre "exorcises" the nuns with it. They appear as though they have been cured &ndash; until Condé/Louis reveals the case allegedly containing the relic to be empty. Despite this proof that the possessions and the exorcisms are a sham, both continue unabated, eventually descending into a massed orgy in which the nuns sexually assault and desecrate a statue of Christ. In the midst of the chaos, Grandier and his wife return and are immediately arrested. After being given a ridiculous show trial, Grandier is shaven and tortured — although at his execution he eventually manages to convince Mignon that he is innocent. The judges, clearly under orders from Laubardemont, sentence Grandier to death by burning at the stake. Laubardemont has also obtained permission to destroy the city\'s fortifications. Despite pressure on Grandier to confess to the trumped-up charges, he refuses. He is then taken to be burnt at the stake. His executioner promises to strangle him rather than let him suffer the agonising death by fire that he would otherwise experience. However, the overzealous Barre starts the fire himself, and Mignon, now visibly panic-stricken about the possibility of Grandier\'s innocence, pulls the noose tight before it can be used to strangle the priest. As Grandier burns, Laubardemont gives the order for explosive charges to be set off and the city walls are blown up, causing the people to flee. After the execution, Barre leaves Loudun to continue his witch-hunting activities elsewhere in the southwest of France. Laubardemont informs Sister Jeanne that Mignon has been put away in an asylum for claiming that Grandier was innocent , and that "with no signed confession to prove otherwise, everyone has the same opinion". He gives her one of Grandier\'s charred bones and leaves. Sister Jeanne, now completely broken, masturbates pathetically with the charred femur. Grandier\'s wife, having been released, is seen walking away from the ruined city as the film ends.'] ['Abe Lincoln leaves home for the first time, having been hired along with two of his friends by Denton Offut to take a load of pigs by water to New Orleans. When the boat overturns at the settlement of New Salem, Abe first sees and loses his heart to Ann Rutledge, the beautiful daughter of the local tavern keeper. Thus, when Denton later offers him a job at the store he has decided to set up in New Salem, Abe readily accepts. Abe discovers however that Ann already has a beau. Nonetheless, he settles in, making himself the most popular man around with his ready, good-natured humor, and taking lessons from schoolteacher Mentor Graham. When his rival for Ann\'s affections leaves to better himself, Ann waits for him for several years before admitting he has proved faithless. Abe seizes the opportunity to express his love for her; she is unsure of her feelings for him and asks for a little time. Alas, she dies soon after of "brain fever", telling Abe on her deathbed that she could have loved him. Abe is asked to run for the State Assembly. He reluctantly accepts and wins, but after his first term in Springfield, Illinois, he decides to study the law instead. When Mary Todd visits her sister Elizabeth Edwards and her wealthy, influential husband Ninian, a party is held in her honor. All the eligible bachelors show up, including Abe\'s fiercest political rival, Stephen Douglas. However, it is the homely, unpolished Abe who catches Mary\'s fancy, much to her sister\'s chagrin. Ambitious, Mary senses greatness in him and is determined to drive him to his rightful destiny, despite his lack of ambition. Abe does ask her to marry him, but changes his mind at the last minute, discomfited by her drive, and leaves town. After thinking things over, however, he asks for her hand again. She accepts. Years pass, and they have several children. With a presidential election looming, Abe\'s party is so split that none of the favorites is acceptable to all. The party leaders compromise on "dark horse" Abe Lincoln. He engages in a series of debates with Stephen Douglas, the opposing candidate. One of the main issues is slavery. In a stirring speech, Abe contends that "a house divided against itself cannot stand". He wins the election. As the film ends, Abe bids his friends goodbye and boards the train to go to Washington, DC.'] ['Okada Izo is a ronin born into poverty who joins the Tosa loyalists, a group headed by Hanpeita Takechi. Izo soon becomes a well known and successful killer, and he is stubbornly loyal to Takechi. However, Ryoma Sakamoto warns him that he is merely "Takechi\'s dog" and that Takechi will end up betraying him. As Takechi becomes more and more determined to succeed, it becomes necessary to sacrifice Izo, which he does by having him arrested and later trying to poison him. Izo, disillusioned, confesses to his murders for the Tosa Loyalists, and he is condemned to Crucifixion. Before being killed, he is told that Takechi will be forced to commit seppuku.review of Hitokiri'] ['This documentary is the first part of the three-dimensional computer-animated film trilogy. It gives a detailed overview about the architecture and building measures at the historical Berlin government district between 1932 and 1945. Through showmanships and cuts there are shown structural alterations and spatial relation which is not possible with a classic photograph-show. The following streets are shown in the movie: * Vossstrasse * Wilhelmstrasse * Wilhelmplatz Additionally, the following buildings and places are specially mentioned: * Reich Chancellery * Palais Borsig * Hotel Kaiserhof * Ministry of Public Enlightenment and Propaganda * Mohrenstrasse'] ["The film is set in Montgomery, Alabama, United States, during the 1955 Montgomery Bus Boycott, and features Whoopi Goldberg as Odessa Cotter, an African-American maid, employed by a well-to-do white woman, Miriam Thompson, played by Spacek. The story is told through the eyes of Miriam's young daughter Mary Catherine, for whom Odessa is a nanny. Odessa and her family are faced with all of the social problems typical of African Americans at the time: poverty, racism, violence, and discrimination based solely on the color of their skin. When a boycott of the city buses prevents Odessa from riding the bus to work, she is left with no other choice but to walk. Her employer, Miriam Thompson, offers to give her a ride two days a week in order to ensure she makes it to work on time and alleviate the effect the “long walk home” is having on her. However, as the boycott progresses, tensions rise and giving Odessa a ride to work becomes an issue with the white prominent members of her community, as well as with her husband. Miriam is faced with the choice between doing what she believes is right or succumbing to pressure from her husband and friends. After a fight with her husband, Miriam decides to follow her heart and becomes involved in a carpool group for other workers like Odessa. In the film's emotional final scene, Miriam and Mary Catherine join Odessa and the other protesters in standing against oppression."] ["In 1937, Nanking stands at the forefront of a war between China and Japan. As the invading Japanese Imperial Army overruns China's capital city, desperate civilians seek refuge behind the nominally protective walls of a western cathedral. Here, John Miller , an American mortician on a task to bury the head father of the convent schoolgirls, joined by the group of innocent schoolgirls and fourteen flamboyant prostitutes. After an incident when Japanese forces assault the cathedral , Japanese Colonel Hasegawa  finally promises to protect the convent by placing guards in front of the gate, and requests that the girls sing a choral for him. After the performance, he hands Miller an official invitation for the girls to sing at the Japanese Army's victory celebration. Fearing for their safety , Miller declines. Hasegawa informs him that it is not a request, but an order and that the girls are going to be picked up the next day. Before they leave, the Japanese soldiers count the girls and erroneously include one of the prostitutes , totalling 13. After the girls attempt suicide by threatening to jump off the cathedral tower, the prostitutes, induced by their de facto leader Yu Mo , decide to protect the girls by meeting the Japanese on their behalf. As they are only twelve, the former convent priest's adopted son volunteers as well. Miller initially opposes their self-sacrificing decision, but ultimately assists in disguising them, using his skills as a mortician. The next day, the 13 are led away by the unsuspecting Japanese soldiers. After they have left, Miller hides the convent girls on the truck he repaired. Using a single-person permit Mr. Meng was able to obtain, he drives out of the town. In the last scene, the truck is seen driving on a deserted highway in heading west, away from the advancing Japanese army, towards safety."] ["1789, at the eve of the Revolution, the court at the Palace of Versailles still live their routines, relatively unconcerned by the increasing turmoil in Paris a distance away. The routines are seen through the eyes of the young Sidonie Laborde, who serves Queen Marie Antoinette. When news about the storming of the Bastille reaches the Court, most aristocrats and servants desert the Palace, fearing that the government is falling. They abandon the Royal Family. But Sidonie Laborde, a young servant who is the Queen's reader, has a crush on her and refuses to flee. She feels secure under the protection of the Royal Family. She does not know these are the last three days she will spend by the Queen's side."] ["It is 1813. France is losing the war. Major Sharpe  is teamed with Colonel Brand , a British officer famous for leading a small band of soldiers operating far behind enemy lines. Wellington ([[Hugh Fraser  assigns them the task of blowing up a store of gunpowder vital to French General Calvet . To do this, they need the expertise of explosives expert Major Pyecroft . Major General Ross , Wellington's head of military intelligence, decides to go along to evaluate Calvet's intentions. Meanwhile, a Gypsy family stumbles upon a secret meeting between a French colonel and a masked Colonel Brand, with one of his men. The interrupted plotters pursue and kill the Gypsies, except for a young woman, Zara , who manages to hide. Afterwards, she starts to bury her dead parents, only to flee when another masked man appears. However, it turns out to be Pyecroft, whose face was disfigured by a bomb accident. He digs the graves and takes Zara under his protection. In the British encampment, Zara spots one of her family's horses and her mother's ring in the possession of Brand and his men, confirming Sharpe's suspicions. Brand is luring them into a trap, with the goal of capturing Ross for his knowledge of Wellington's plans. Forewarned, Sharpe is able to thwart the turncoat. After Sharpe's men capture the fort where the gunpowder is stored, he has Ross convene a court-martial, in which Brand is convicted and sentenced to death. Fearing that Brand's influential friends will be able to overturn the verdict, Sharpe conducts an impromptu execution, pushing the traitor into a deep well. The British blow up the gunpowder and escape, while Brand's men are given the opportunity to redeem themselves by acting as a rearguard to hold off the attacking French forces. All is not well for Sharpe however. His wife Jane  is becoming more and more dissatisfied with his career as a soldier. Pyecroft has more luck; he and Zara become engaged."] ["Branch Rickey, played by Edward Herrmann, is the owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers who is determined to integrate Major League Baseball. He begins sending his scouts to Negro League games to find the best players. Rickey directs his scouts to look not only at playing ability but also at the players' maturity and capacity to withstand the hostility that is sure to be directed at the first black player in the Major Leagues. Robinson gradually comes to Rickey's notice both for his skills on the field and his personal background. Although Paige and Gibson are far more prominent, Rickey decides to pass them over, concerned about Paige's age and reports about Gibson's mental stability. Rickey makes history by signing Robinson to the first contract between a black man and a Major League Baseball franchise. This alienates Robinson from his two friends at first, until Paige enlists Robinson's help in getting Gibson temporarily released from a mental hospital so that the three men can all play in the annual exhibition game between the All-Stars of the Major Leagues and the Negro League. The game is rained out, but Paige and Gibson seem reconciled to Robinson's being signed ahead of them. The movie concludes by showing scenes from Robinson's successful career with the Dodgers, as well as Paige's later signing by the Cleveland Indians. Gibson died from a brain aneurysm at the age of 36 before he could ever play a game in the Major Leagues. All three men are later inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame."] ['Ian Hamilton , an ardent member of the Scottish nationalist organization, the Scottish Covenant Association, hopes to end what he sees as the political and economic subjugation of Scotland by England. Frustrated and saddened by the complacency of his fellow Scots who seem to accept the status quo, he looks forward to a time when Scotland is no longer merely referred to as "North Britain". After a petition to the British Parliament for the establishment of Scottish home rule is rejected, Hamilton decides to perform a symbolic act to put heart into the movement. With his friend, Bill Craig ([[Billy Boyd , he creates a daring scheme to bring the Stone of Scone back to Scotland from Westminster Abbey in London, where it has resided for centuries following English military victories over the Scots in the Middle Ages. Hamilton and Craig research the floor plans and security setup of Westminster Abbey and plan the theft, but once Craig realizes the legal implications of liberating the stone and the potential impact to his personal life and career, he backs out. Undaunted, Hamilton decides to liberate the stone by himself. He turns to John MacCormick , a prominent campaigner for Scottish devolution, and asks for financial help with the project. Although he initially refuses to take seriously Hamilton\'s proposal and request for a mere £50, MacCormick reconsiders and provides his support. Later at a party, MacCormick refers him to Kay Matheson , a young woman with strong nationalist ideas, to help him retrieve the stone. After meeting Matheson, Hamilton is soon introduced to Gavin Vernon , a strong young man known mainly for his drinking ability. On the day of their departure for London, Vernon unexpectedly brings his quiet friend Alan Stuart  along with him. At first Hamilton opposes bringing in a fourth member, but Vernon convinces him that Stuart and his car will be valuable assets to the group. They agree to steal the stone on Christmas Eve while all of London is distracted by the holiday celebration. The four nationalist students arrive in London the day before Christmas Eve and decide to steal the stone that very night. They drive to Westminster Abbey, but their plans are interrupted when Hamilton is discovered by a watchman, who mistakes him for a homeless man and lets him go. Soonafter, Matheson falls ill from a fever and Hamilton brings her to a bed & breakfast inn to recover. The landlady is suspicious of their Scottish accents and phones the police, who likewise suspect the young Scots of being up to something, but they avoid being arrested. That night, while Matheson waits in the car, Hamilton, Vernon, and Stuart break into Westminster Abbey and steal the Stone of Scone, which breaks in two pieces in the process. Seeing that the crack was made long ago and merely patched over, the group drive to the Scottish border and hide the larger piece in a field. After returning to Glasgow and witnessing the widespread nationalist celebration over the theft of the stone, the group learn that the stone could be permanently damaged if left to the elements. They return to the field and retrieve the stone with the aid of a group of Irish Travellers who are camped in the field. After the two parts of the stone are reattached, the students offer to return it to the authorities at the symbolically significant Arbroath Abbey, the site of the signing of the Declaration of Arbroath. The police arrive and arrest the student nationalists, who are never prosecuted.Ian Hamilton went on to become one of Scotland\'s leading QCs. He wrote about his exploits in a book called A Touch Of Treason, but has generally tried to distance himself from the incident. He is now retired and living in the Oban area. Hamilton had a small, cameo role in the film, portraying a businessman. Kay Matheson was a domestic science teacher at the time of the plot. The Gaelic scholar went back to teaching after the raid on Westminster Abbey, and as of 2007 was living in a nursing home in Wester Ross. Gavin Vernon, the engineering expert, emigrated to Canada in the 1960s and later joked he "never had to buy a beer again" after news of his deeds emerged in his adopted homeland. He died in 2004 at the age of 77. Alan Stuart, the quiet member of the group, has never publicly spoken of his role that night. His whereabouts remain a mystery.<ref nameRomancing the Stone: Scots heist destined for Hollywood|group=N}} The Stone of Scone was returned to London, where it remained until 1996, when it was moved to Edinburgh Castle "on loan" with the understanding that it would be brought back to Westminster Abbey for the next Coronation.'] ["The film begins with a Sardar Patel playing cards with his friends and ridiculing Mahatma Gandhi and his policies to achieve independence. His views change however when he is introduced to Gandhi by his brother and upon listening to a lecture delivered by Gandhi, he joins him in his struggle. Sardar then successfully organises various Satyagrahas throughout Gujarat. The film then moves to the age of the Quit India Movement and India's freedom. Sardar is instrumental in convincing the working committee of the INC and Nehru to accept a proposal for the partition of India when riots break out on the league's call for Direct Action. Sardar realises that not tackling the problem now might result in civil war in the country. Once the partition has been accepted, Sardar then works to get all the princely states to join the Union of India, the film accurately depicts his handling of the problems posed by the princely states of Kashmir, Junnagad and Hyderabad. The film also portrays his differences with Nehru and how they work together after the death of Gandhiji. The film ends with Sardar resting in a village saying that today from Kashmir to Kanyakumari, there is one independent nation."] ['The Goryeo King  is married to a Yuan Dynasty princess , but they do not have any children. There is constant pressure on the King both from the Yuan emperor and the Goryeo Kingdom to produce a crown prince and ensure the continuity of its royal dynasty. The King\'s palace guard is composed of thirty six young soldiers, led by military commander Hong-rim  who is also the King\'s lover. The King finally decides to charge Hong-rim, with a strange commission: make love to the Queen and beget a child. Hong-rim and the Queen are uncomfortable accepting the royal order, but they finally comply. However, their relationship does not stop at procreation, but a true love blossoms between the two, and in this intimate relationship there is no place for the King. The two lovers surpass their "official mission" and continue to meet each other at midnight in the library. The King begins to suspect Hong-rim\'s infidelity, so Hong-rim asks the Queen to stay away from him and goes to the King to beg for forgiveness. Meanwhile, the Queen attempts to kill herself by slitting her wrists but fails. The King forgives him after hearing that Hong-rim\'s involvement with the Queen was purely lust. He decides to overlook everything that had happened and instead sends Hong-rim away for a while to have him cool down. The night before Hong-rim\'s departure, the Queen\'s personal maid secretly informs him that the Queen wishes to meet him for one last time. She also bears news that the Queen has finally conceived. Hong-rim sneaks out of the King\'s bedside to meet the Queen in the library. They end up making love in the library, and the King catches them in flagrante delicto. When the two lovers attempt to save the other by begging the King to "kill me instead," the King realizes how strong their love for each other is. In a fit of jealousy, he has Hong-rim castrated and sent to prison. The Queen finds a way for Hong-rim to escape with the aid of Hong-rim\'s closest subordinates. Upon finding that Hong-rim has escaped, the King demands to know where he is from the Queen, who refuses to answer. In response, he kills her personal maid. The King is aware that the Queen is with child and by this time, everyone who knows that the Queen\'s child is not the King\'s, is exterminated. Meanwhile Hong-rim, upon realizing that the Queen is still in the palace and not on the run as his subordinates told him in order to quickly escape, heads towards the palace on horseback despite his subordinate\'s protests. He stops in his journey when he realizes how futile it would be, and returns to the refuge where his subordinates took him to but find that they have been captured. At the palace, the King tortures the subordinates to find the whereabouts of Hong-rim, and when they remain silent, beheads them. Their heads are put up on posts on the palace gates along with the Queen\'s personal maid. But the female head is wearing the Queen\'s necklace in order to lead Hong-rim to believe the queen was also killed and return to enact revenge. When Hong-rim sees this, he is indeed enraged and goes to the King to kill him. An intense sword fight ensues. However, the King manages to stab Hong-rim in the shoulder, and while he is pinned, he asks Hong-rim a last question: whether or not Hong-rim had ever felt real love for the King. Hong-rim replies that he had never felt love for him. At this point, the King is shocked, giving Hong-rim time to throw a lethal stab of his own sword through the King. One of the royal guards, having watched part of the battle, now intervenes by fatally stabbing Hong-rim. The Queen comes upon the scene with the guards and calls out for Hong-rim, however he turns his head from her and faces the dead king, realizing that the king had not killed her because he wished to test Hong-rim, as he faces the king it is hinted that his answer to the king\'s question had been false. The last few seconds of the film show a flashback to when the King showed young Hong-rim the view of the city and asked if Hong-rim wished to live together, to which the young Hong-rim replied yes. The film ends on a montage of the King and Hong-rim happily hunting together.'] ["In 17th-century Paris, a dashing swordsman named D'Artagnan finds himself at odds with the powerful forces taking over France. He sets out to avenge the murder of his parents and finds his country cleaved by chaos and civil unrest. His heart softens only for Francesca , a fiery peasant girl who claims D'Artagnan's heart on sight. D'Artagnan , after witnessing his unarmed parents slain by the evil Febre , grows up wanting to be a musketeer, one of King Louis XIII's loyal protectors. Upon arriving in Paris, however, he finds that the Musketeers have been disbanded by order of Cardinal Richelieu , who is usurping the king's authority with the help of his lethal henchman, Febre. Traveling to Paris, D'Artagnan verbally spars with witless quip-spouting musketeers Aramis , Athos  and Porthos . D'Artagnan heads off guarding the queen, who is traveling incognito as a commoner on her way to meet Lord Buckingham. The evil Febre, his leash held loosely by the evil Cardinal Richilieu , wants to kill the Queen  in order to sow unrest and war, which would create opportunities to profit, a war between France and England."] ["This version is very true to Victor Hugo's novel. It maintains the setting, time period and covers the full arc of the story. Jean Valjean is released from prison on parole and finds life unbearable until Monseigneur Bienvenu cover his theft of silver and gives him two silver candle sticks. Valjean breaks his parole and makes a new life as a business man and ends up being elected Mayor. His life is busy and he is unaware that Fantine a young woman who worked in his factory, has been fired and her difficult life as an unwed mother has gotten even worse. When it does come to his attention it is too late for Fantine, but he vows to care for her daughter. The Thénardiers abuse Fantine's daughter Cosette and treat her like a servant. Valjean bargains with them for Cosette and they leave after he has paid for her. Valjean takes her to Paris to live in a convent where he takes on the role of the assistant gardener. They remain safely hidden until he schooling is finished. Valjean finds a residence in Paris, but before too long, runs into Thénardier and Javert, the inspector who has hunted him for years for breaking his parole. The events of their lives are drawn in to a student uprising. Cosette meets and falls for a young student, Marius. Valjean fears for their safety and his freedom and decides to leave Paris and head for America, but that is the night that the student take up arms. Marius and the other students face a city unwilling to help and soon realize their cause will die with them. After intercepting a message to Cosette from Marius, Valjean joins the students and rescues Marius when he is injured. Javert intercepts them, but lets them go, committing suicide shortly after. As Marius and Cosette prepare for their wedding, Valjean tells Marius of his past and that he must leave. Marius does not stop him. Now alone, Valjean's health quickly deteriorates. But at the wedding, Thénardier shows up and tries sell Marius dirt on Valjean. Thénardier is convinced that Valjean killed a man the night the barricades fell, but the trinket he shows Marius belonged to Marius himself and he realizes that it was Valjean who rescued him. He and Cosette race to find Valjean, but by this time he is on his death bed. They arrive just in time to say their farewells. (The events of this part of the story are often omitted from theatrcial versions of the story such as the 1935, 1952, and [[Les Misérables"] ['The King of Northumbria is killed during a Viking raid led by the fearsome Ragnar . Because the king had died childless, his cousin Aella  takes the throne. The king\'s widow, however, is pregnant with what she knows is Ragnar\'s child, and to protect the infant from her cousin-in-law\'s ambitions, she sends him off to Italy. By a twist of fate, the ship is intercepted by the Vikings, who are unaware of the child\'s kinship, and enslave him. The boy grows into a young man named Erik . His parentage is finally discovered by Lord Egbert , a Northumbrian nobleman opposed to Aella. When Aella accuses him of treason, Egbert finds sanctuary with Ragnar in Norway. Egbert recognises the Northumbrian royal sword\'s pommel stone on an amulet around Erik\'s neck, placed there by Erik\'s mother when he was a child, but tells no one. Erik incurs the wrath of his half-brother Einar , Ragnar\'s legitimate son and heir, after the former orders his falcon to attack Einar, taking out one of his eyes. Erik is saved from immediate execution when the tribal shaman Kitala  says that Odin will curse whoever kills him. He is left in a tidal pool to drown with the rising tide by Ragnar\'s decree to avoid the curse, but after Erik calls out to Odin, the wind shifts and forces the water away, saving him. Egbert then claims him as his slave. Egbert hopes to find an opportunity to take advantage of Erik\'s unknown claim to the Northumbrian kingdom.   The enmity between Erik and Einar is exacerbated when they both fall in love with Princess Morgana , who was to marry King Aella but is captured in a raid suggested by Egbert. During a drunken feast in the "great hall", complete with giant mead caldrons and an axe-throwing competition, Einar confesses his feelings to Ragnar, who tells Einar he can have Morgana. Einar throws the guards off the ship Morgana is being held on, and begins to ravish her — defying his expectations of resistance, she submits to him, her emotions towards Einar clearly divided between attraction and revulsion. But before things can go any further, Erik grabs Einar from behind and knocks him out, then takes Morgana away on a small ship he had constructed for Egbert. Erik and Morgana flee to England, along with Sandpiper , Kitala and Morgana\'s maid Bridget . Einar regains consciousness and gives the alarm, and several pursuing longships quickly gain on the fugitives. In thick fog, Ragnar\'s longship hits a rock and sinks, while Erik\'s boat is guided safely by a primitive compass, a piece of magnetite in the shape of a fish that Sandpiper obtained in a distant land. Einar, in another longship, believes Ragnar to be dead and grudgingly abandons the chase. Ragnar, however, is rescued by Erik and taken prisoner to Aella. Erik and Morgana become lovers during the trip, and she agrees to seek release from her pledge to marry Aella. Aella orders the Viking leader bound and thrown into a pit filled with starved wolves. To give Ragnar a Viking\'s death , Erik, who is granted the honor of forcing him into the pit, cuts the prisoner\'s bonds and gives him his sword. Laughing, Ragnar jumps to his death. In response to Erik\'s "treason", Aella cuts off his left hand, puts him back on his ship and casts him adrift. Erik returns to Einar\'s settlement, and tells his half-brother how his father died, and what had been Aella\'s reward for allowing Ragnar to die a Viking\'s death. With this revelation, and the promise that Erik will guide their ships through the fog , Einar is finally able to persuade the other Vikings to mount an invasion of Northumbria. Putting their mutual hatred aside for the moment, Einar and Erik sail for England. The dragon longships land and the Vikings begin to move inland in force. The alarm is sounded and the terrified peasants abandon their fields and flocks and flee to take refuge within the castle. Soon the Vikings are arrayed in front of the fortress in full battle armor. Shouting the name of "Odin!", the Vikings storm Aella\'s castle. In a bold move, Einar has several Vikings throw axes at the closed drawbridge that bars entrance to the castle\'s keep. Several of the axe-throwers are killed, but enough survive to throw their axes that a "ladder" is created for Einar to climb after he leaps across the moat to the drawbridge. He gains entry to the keep and lowers the drawbridge so that the other Vikings can overwhelm the outnumbered English. Erik and Einar both set off in search of Morgana. Erik encounters Aella instead and shoves him into the wolf pit. Einar finds Morgana in the highest tower of the keep, and again begins to make love to her, telling her she will be his queen. In spite of her still obvious attraction to him, Morgana tells Einar she hates him, and loves Erik. Enraged, Einar drags her outside and calls Erik to their long-delayed battle. The two bitter rivals engage in a swordfight on top of the tower. Erik is defeated, his sword broken, but Einar hesitates to kill him. It is unclear whether his hesitation owes to the fact he has learned from Morgana that Erik is his half-brother, or from his own certitude that she will never be with him out of her own volition. This few-second window gives Erik, who does not yet know they share the same father, the opportunity to stab Einar with his sword\'s broken blade. Echoing the scene with Ragnar, Erik gives Einar a sword, so that he too can enter Valhalla. In the final scene, Einar is given a Viking funeral: his body is placed on a longship, which is set on fire by flaming arrows.'] ["On the French-Spanish frontier, a French patrol led by a colonel of Napoleon's Imperial Guard overtakes a carriage containing a priest and three nuns. The priest is the confessor of El Mirador, Wellington's best secret agent; he is tortured into revealing the spy's identity. Then, he and two of the nuns are killed, but the youngest , a novice, gets away. Major Sharpe  and his riflemen show up and rout the French, taking a captain captive, while the colonel is killed. Sharpe finds a piece of paper filled with cryptic numbers on the prisoner and suspects that his captive is actually the colonel in disguise. However, he is unable to convince his superior, nor his fellow officer, Captain Jack Spears ; the Frenchman is allowed to give his parole and is not imprisoned. The young woman, having lost her faith and being rendered mute by the horror she has witnessed, attaches herself to Sharpe. Back at camp, Wellington's spymaster, Major Mungo Munro , has received word that Napoleon himself has sent Colonel Leroux  of the elite Imperial Guard to capture El Mirador. Munro assigns Sharpe the task of killing the colonel, but refuses to divulge the spy's identity. He sends Sharpe and the South Essex Regiment to the town where El Mirador is based. The British already control the place, but there is a French-held fort close by. When the men near the town, a surprise artillery barrage from the fort causes enough confusion to allow the prisoner, who is in fact Leroux, to break his parole and escape to its safety. Sharpe meets two people, his old enemy Sir Henry Simmerson , now the British representative to the town, and Father Curtis , who runs the hospital. The regiment attacks that night, but the French have been forewarned and the assault is bloodily repulsed. Barkley is killed, leaving Sharpe in charge, though he himself is seriously wounded. While he recovers, he sends for British artillery and orders his most literate rifleman, Harris , to decode the message he took from Leroux. During this time, the woman regains her voice and her faith. Harris succeeds in breaking the code. The message unmasks Spears as a traitor . However, Spears is unable to bring himself to kill El Mirador, who is revealed to be Father Curtis. When the cannon arrives, Sharpe gives the officer the opportunity for an honourable death. After the fort is softened up by an artillery barrage, Spears charges singlehanded and plants a British flag at the fort's entrance, rousing the morale of the British soldiers, but is killed shortly after. Sharpe and the South Essex then storm the fort. When Leroux tries to surrender, Sharpe offers him a duel to the death instead; if he kills Sharpe, he can go free. Sharpe wins the swordfight. Taking advantage of Sharpe's absence, Simmerson attempts to rape the novice , but is stopped by Father Curtis. The priest accuses Simmerson of warning the French of the first attack; when Simmerson advances on him with sword drawn, Father Curtis, an ex-soldier, unexpectedly draws his own and teaches him a very painful lesson."] [" During the Java War, when Prince Diponegoro led a general uprising against the Dutch colonial government, the Dutch military occupy a small town in Central Java owing to concerns that they have been collaborating with Sentot Prawirodjo, one of the leaders of the Javanese forces. The village chief, Jayengnegoro, accuses elder Kromoludiro of aiding Diponegoro's forces; Kromoludiro is arrested and tortured by Dutch leader Captain de Borst. In response, village kyai Karto Sarjan sends one of his students to find Sentot. During Kromoludiro's torture, de Borst's second-in-command Lieutenant van Aaken admits that it was he who had informed Diponegoro's forces of the Dutch movements. Enraged, de Borst kills Kromoludiro and arrests van Aaken. Not long afterwards, Sentot's forces enter under the guise of dancers and attack the village from within, confusing the Dutch forces; Sentot himself arrives not long afterwards, defeating the Dutch forces before they can respond effectively. De Borst is slowly killed, while van Aaken dies in the crossfire."] ["Manfred von Richthofen  is a German cavalry officer newly assigned to an air squadron under the command of Oswald Boelcke who quickly becomes an ace. His career is presented on screen intercut with scenes of another pilot across the lines, a Canadian pilot named Roy Brown who arrives at a British squadron, where the top scoring pilot is a Victoria Cross holder named Lanoe Hawker. The two pilots are very different; Brown ruffles the feathers of his squadron mates by refusing to drink a toast to von Richthofen, while von Richthofen awards himself silver trophies in honour of his kills and clashes with fellow pilot, Hermann Göring, when Boelcke is killed after a mid air collision and Richthofen assumes command of the squadron. While Brown becomes moody and depressed by his war service, Richthofen becomes outwardly energized by the war. Outraged by an order to camouflage his squadron's aircraft, he paints them in bright conspicuous colours, claiming that gentlemen should not hide from their enemies. The toll on both squadrons is highlighted when Richthofen is wounded during an aerial battle and Lanoe Hawker is killed. The war becomes personal for both when Brown and his squadron attack von Richthofen's airfield, destroying their aircraft on the ground. Revenge comes when von Richthofen, with the help of a batch of new fighters from Anthony Fokker launches a counter attack on the British airfield. The climax of the film  pits Brown and von Richthofen in an aerial combat with each other from which only one survives."] ["{{Plot}} In 1456, Charles VII, experiences dreams in which he is visited by Joan of Arc, the former commander of his army, burned at the stake as a heretic twenty-five years earlier. In the dream he tells Joan that her case was retried and her sentence annulled. He recalls how she entered his life as a simple, seventeen-year-old peasant girl; how she heard the voices of Saints Catherine and Margaret telling her that she would lead the French army against the English at the siege of Orléans and be responsible for having the Dauphin crowned king at Rheims cathedral. When Joan arrives at the Dauphin's palace at Chinon she discovers that he is a childish weakling with no interest in fighting. After being tested by the members of the court, who conclude that she is mad, Joan imbues the Dauphin with her belief and fervor and he gives her command of the army. Shortly thereafter, Joan witnesses the coronation of Charles. Although her military triumphs have made her popular with the masses, her voices, beliefs, self-confidence and apparent supernatural powers have given her fearful enemies in high places. Charles, who has no further use for her services, expects her to return to her father's farm. When Joan challenges Charles to retake Paris from the English, he tells her he would rather sign a treaty than fight. All refuse Joan's plea to march on Paris, and the archbishop warns her that if she defies her spiritual directors, the church will disown her. Nevertheless, Joan puts her faith in God and appeals to the common people to march on Paris. She is captured and handed over to the English. To assure that Joan will never again become a threat to England, the English commander, hands her over to the Catholic Church to be tried for heresy. Joan spends four months in a cell and is visited frequently by the Inquisitor. The English become impatient with the delay in her prosecution and press for the trial to begin. Joan holds to her faith, as always, refusing to deny that the church is wiser than she or her voices. In a moment of panic and worn down by the constant pressures applied by the Inquisitior, Joan signs a document of recantation in which she confesses that she pretended to hear revelations from God and the saints in the belief that this will result in her freedom to return to her life as a peasant girl. When she learns that the sentence of the Inquisition is her perpetual, solitary imprisonment, Joan destroys the document, refusing to face a life away from nature, the life that opened her spirit to hear God and the saints. She now believes that God wants her to come to him through the ordeal of being burned at the stake. After Joan is excommunicated, the English, weary of the Church's endless and delaying rituals decide that Joan can be executed long before the Vatican learns about it, and so orders his soldiers to drag Joan to the square to be burned. The Inquisitor chooses to look the other way and let the English burn her. Those who witness Joan's death are stricken with remorse. The King's dream continues as he and Joan are visited by other significant figures from her life. Growing weary of all the spirit visitors, Charles tells Joan he has dreamed of her long enough and returns to his bed and his troubled sleep."] ["The film follows the life of Jinnah, the founder of Pakistan . When Jinnah dies, he is taken to a heavenly anteroom where a decision will be made on his fate, but his file has gone missing, and the Guide must question him about his life to fill in his story. He tells of the key point in 1947, when India was about to get independence from Britain, and Jinnah advocated a separate nation in which the Muslims will be in the majority. Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi suggests Jinnah be made prime minister of the new India, as a compromise, but Jinnah rejects his suggestion and Nehru is handed the job. Jinnah's nemesis is Lord Louis Mountbatten, the British viceroy who opposes the idea of Pakistan. As well as this historical turning point, Jinnah recalls his youth, and formative relationships with his sister Fatima and his marriage to a former Parsi converted to Islam before marriage."] ["Mostly taking elements from the Third Crusade, King Richard  is enlisted in a crusade to bring Jerusalem back into Christian hands in order to get out of a betrothal with Alice, the Princess of France. En route, Richard meets Berengaria the Princess of Navarre and marries her in exchange for food for his men. During the Crusader's attempts to get past the walls of Acre, Berengaria is captured by the Muslim Sultan Saladin and he brings her back to Jerusalem and attempts to woo her. Eventually, the Crusaders make their way to Jerusalem and after many battles Saladin declares a truce and Richard agrees. Berengaria and Richard fall in love and all the gates of Jerusalem are opened."] ["In Korea, AD 668. Kim Beob-min  is the king of the small southern Korean state of Shilla and makes a deal with China's Tang dynasty officials to have a combined strike against the larger northern Korean state of Goguryeo. The conditions of the agreement involve Shilla being given back the Korean state of Baekje. The combined troops march to Pyongyang Castle, where Goguryeo's Yeon Gaesomun  dies and hands over command of the army to his second son Yeon Nam-geon . This action upsets his first son, Yeon Namsaeng  who is not as war-hungry as Nam-geon. The Goguryeo soldiers defending the castle succeed in fighting off the Allied Army's first assault by catapulting honey and bees onto the Shilla soldiers. Meanwhile, the Shilla grand general Kim Yushin  holds back sending his main force to join the advance Allied Army, preferring to deal directly with Yeon Gaesomun's sons than the Chinese. Yeon Namsaeng is expelled from the castle by his elder brother. The Chinese commander Yi launches a full-scale attack on the castle but is beaten back by the Goguryeo secret weapon. An allied soldier, Thingamajig  from Baekje, is captured. Thingamajig, who has suffered under Chinese rule, broadcasts a demoralizing message to the Allied Army. Thingamajig is rewarded by being allowed to marry the brave Goguryeo female warrior, Gap-sun , against her will."] ['Captain Scott is given the men, but not the funds, to go on a second expedition to the Antarctic. As his wife works on a bust of him, she tells him that she\'s "not the least jealous" that he\'s going to the Antarctic again. The wife of a scientist whom Scott hopes to recruit has a very different opinion from Scott\'s wife, but the scientist agrees to go. Scott also visits Fridtjof Nansen, who insists that a polar expedition must use dogs. Scott goes on a fundraising campaign, and despite popular scepticism, manages to raise enough money to fund the expedition. After a stop in New Zealand, the ship sets sail for Antarctica. Once there, a camp is set up at the coast, and a small contingent of men, horses and dogs begins the trek towards the pole. About halfway, the horses are shot and some of the men are sent back with the dogs. At the three quarter mark, Scott selects the five-man team to make the push to the pole. They reach the pole only to find the Norwegian flag already planted there and a letter from Roald Amundsen asking Scott to deliver it to the King of Norway. Hugely disappointed, Scott\'s team begins the long journey back. Scott is very concerned about the health of two of his men: Evans, who has a serious cut on his hand, and Oates, whose foot is appallingly frostbitten. Evans eventually dies and is buried under the snow. Realizing that his condition is slowing the team down, Oates sacrificed himself by walking out of the tent into a blizzard to his death after saying "I\'m just going outside and I may be some time." Finally, just 11 miles short of a supply depot, the rest of the team dies in their tent after being trapped by a blizzard, with Scott writing the famous "I do not regret this journey&hellip;" entry in his diary. Months later, a search party discovered the tent and the bodies. Scott\'s diary was also recovered, allowing the members to learn of the polar party\'s fate. The film ends with the sight of a large wooden cross with the five names of the dead inscripted on it as well as the quote : "To strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield." The film was lampooned in the Monty Python Series 2 episode \'Scott of the Antarctic\'.Scott of the Antarctic'] ['In 1595, after a long war between Sweden and Russia, brothers Knut and Eerik are marking the border between Finland and Russia. When they are crossing a swamp, a young girl, whom they left to die earlier, begins to haunt them. The brothers, seeking forgiveness, arrive at village, where they find a sauna that may help them to wash their sins away.'] ['Several screens of text giving some background are shown before a bust is shown flying over a palace wall and shattering into countless pieces. The film shows the story of a bereaved Queen Victoria  and her relationship with a Scottish servant, John Brown , and the subsequent uproar it provoked. Brown had been a trusted servant of Victoria\'s then deceased and beloved Prince Consort, Prince Albert; Victoria\'s chief servants thought Brown might help to ease an inconsolable Queen since the Prince Consort\'s death in 1861. In 1863, hoping to subtly coax the Queen toward resuming public life after years of seclusion, Mr. Brown is summoned to court. The plan succeeds a little too well for the servants\' liking, especially Victoria\'s chief secretary Sir Henry Ponsonby (played by [[Geoffrey Palmer  and The Prince of Wales  as well as other members of the Royal family; the public, press and politicians soon come to resent Brown\'s perceived influence over the queen. Brown takes considerable liberties with court protocol, especially by addressing Her Majesty as "woman". He also quickly takes control over the Queen\'s daily activities, further aggravating the tensions between himself and the royal family and servants. The moniker "Mrs. Brown", used both at the time and in the film, implied an improper, and perhaps sexual, relationship. The film does not directly address the contemporary suspicions that the Queen and Brown had had a sexual relationship and perhaps had even secretly married (see the article on [[John Brown , though cartoons from the satirical magazine Punch are shown as being passed around in Parliament . As a result of Victoria\'s virtual recluse, especially at Balmoral Castle in Scotland, something initially encouraged by Brown, her popularity is failing and there is a growing rise in republican sentiment. Prime Minister Benjamin Disraeli  has a weakening hold over the House of Commons and a fear of rising anti-monarchical sentiment in the country. He persuades Brown to use his influence with the Queen and persuade her to return to the performance of her public duties, especially the speech from the throne at the impending opening of Parliament. Brown is reluctant to do so, rightly fearing that Victoria will take this as a personal betrayal. When Brown urges Victoria to return to London and fulfill her public duties, an argument ensues. Feeling betrayed by Brown, the Queen becomes enraged. She can\'t believe what she is hearing. When Brown once again refers to her as "woman", she sharply rebukes him. Leaving the room, she turns to Ponsonby and Jenner requesting that they serve her needs, clearly reducing Mr. Brown\'s contact and influence over her. Their relationship was never to be the same again. The Queen\'s eventual acquiescence and her decision to return to public life eventually leads to a revitalization of her popularity and a resurgence in public support of the monarchy. Brown continues to serve Queen Victoria, until his death in 1883. In his final years, his duties become reduced to head of security. The palace staff has become weary of Brown\'s dogmatic ways and they mock and rebuke his security efforts as paranoid delusions. Finally, during a public event, a gun wielding assassin appears out of the crowd leaping toward the royal family. An ever vigilant Mr. Brown successfully thwarts the assassination attempt. At dinner the next evening, the Prince of Wales retells the story, bragging to their dinner companions that he had been the one to warn Brown of the assassin. Seeing through her son\'s bragging, the Queen announces instead that a special medal for bravery, the "Devoted Service Medal," will be minted and awarded to Mr. Brown. Some years later, Mr. Brown becomes gravely ill with pneumonia after chasing through the woods late at night searching for a possible intruder. Hearing of Brown\'s illness, the Queen visits Mr. Brown\'s room and is visibly shaken to see her old friend so ill. Placing a cool damp cloth against Brown\'s fevered brow, she confesses that she has not been as good a friend as she might have been in recent years. It is clear that her apology is accepted by Brown. The pneumonia proves fatal for Brown and he passes away. During his years of service, Mr. Brown has kept a diary and upon his passing, Ponsonby and Dr. Jenner discuss its contents stating that it must never be seen by anyone. Holding the diary at his side, Ponsonby walks away and it\'s implied that the diary will be destroyed or will disappear. Dr. Jenner also reveals that the Prince of Wales has hurled the Queen\'s favorite bust of Mr. Brown up and over the "palace wall", referring us back to the film\'s opening sequence. The film\'s closing crawl informs us that: "John Brown\'s diary was never found."'] ["The story is inspired by a real life fact and set in the 1930s when, at the Institute of Physics of Via Panisperna, in Rome, physicist Enrico Fermi managed to involve a group of brilliant young students—Emilio, Bruno, Edoardo and Ettore —forming a working group committed to scientific research who would achieve great discoveries in the field of nuclear physics. These young men's lives—full of anxieties as well as enthusiasms—are related with pathos and sensitiveness, mainly looking at their private side, with their youthful energies, but also their fears and weakness. The story has among the main themes the relationship between Enrico and Ettore, the former becoming both a sort of father and of elder brother to Ettore, with the typical disputes  happening in a family. Unfortunately, the fascist political regime, the racial laws, Ettore's disappearance into nowhere —he who already realized how their exciting discoveries could become powerful destruction weapons in wrong hands —all proves to be more decisive than the love for physics which had drawn them together so much and, finally, the boys turn different ways."] ["Oscar Françoise de Jarjayes  is a young woman whose father, a career military man, wanted a boy. After she was born her father took to dressing Oscar in boy's clothes and raising her as a man. Privately Oscar acknowledges her feminine side, she dresses as a man and gains an honored position as a guard of Marie Antoinette . In her youth, Oscar is in love with Andre ([[Barry Stokes , the son of the family's housekeeper. Years later, when the French Revolution begins, Oscar and Andre's paths cross for the first time in years. With the assault on the Bastille, Oscar and Andre find themselves fighting on opposite sides of the revolution."] ["Manjunatha  is an atheist, but a good person helping others in need and fighting evil and so even though Manjunatha hates Lord Shiva/Lord Manjunatha , the latter loves his would be devotee. Manjunatha meets Kathyayini  a to-become devadasi and marries her. Soon they beget a son who like his mother is a staunch devotee of Lord Manjunatha. After marriage Manjunatha slowly transforms into a great devotee of Lord Manjunatha and with his devotion wins the hearts of everybody including the local King, Ambikeswara Maharaju Ambareesh who invites him to his court where he felicitates Manjunatha much to Manjunatha's dislike where the king realises that Manjunatha is going to die. In the meantime Manjunatha starts a koti linga pooja. Manjunatha is also troubled by his enemies and is aided by Lord Manjunatha who comes in various disguises to save his devotee and help him and his wife attain salvation. Donning the lead role, Arjun gave a stellar performance and is aided by a versatile role by Chiranjeevi. The other actors do well in their roles and music by Hamsalekha and good direction by K.R.R. makes this movie a worthwatch film."] ['{{plot}} The film opens with a theme song performed by The Brothers Four and a colorful animation of hot air balloons, with artwork reminiscent of the Montgolfier balloons. The theme song is later performed by Fabian twice during the film. The film then shows the flight of the balloon Jupiter invented by Professor Fergusson . In the unicorn-shaped gondola, the passengers Chiddingfold  and Sir Henry Vining  scream in horror as the balloon rapidly descends, but the Professor remains calm as he planned for this to happen. He then signals the pilot Jacques  to ascend the balloon, who explains how balloon is able to ascend and descend without the loss of gas or ballast. The balloon successfully lands and attracts a crowd, but Sir Henry and the other passenger are dissatisfied after the seemingly disastrous descent. Sir Henry, the president of the Royal Geographic Society, refuses to fund the Professor\'s plan to explore east Africa, while Chiddingfold leaves claiming he has an "appointment". The Professor seems out of financial backing for his plans, but an American journalist talks to Fergusson about having his nephew and star reporter Donald O\'Shea  as part of Fergusson\'s plan to explore east Africa. When he arrives at the Prime Minister\'s office in Zanzibar, he is given the mission to use his craft to claim areas of uncharted west Africa for the Crown before slave traders make their claim to the territory. Fergusson agrees. The following day, Consul tells the bad news that the slave traders know of his plan and would reach the river Volta in six weeks, leaving him with five. To make matters worse, the Queen has sent Sir Henry Vining to accompany him. He wants to be referred to as General Vining and proclaims himself the "expert on Africa." Meanwhile in the marketplace, Jacques finds O\'Shea rescuing a slave girl named Makia  and they bring her along, and they go to the Consul\'s office. Consul Townsend orders Makia to be returned to her owner, but she fights the slave trader and leaves on a horse. The people in the marketplace become outraged and threaten to destroy Jupiter. O\'Shea begins to be viewed as a troublemaker and as the balloon takes off he is shocked to know that the plans of the journey have been changed. The balloon lands in a forest and they have dinner. As they converse at the table they notice their food is being taken away and find Makia hiding under the table. She says she hid up in the crow\'s nest of the balloon and will not leave O\'Shea, who does not want her and offers her to the others on board. Disappointed she tries to leave into the dangerous wilderness only to be stopped and eventually agrees to be a passenger aboard. Meanwhile, a wild chimpanzee walks out of the forest and joins the crew. As the rest of the crew sleeps, Jacques and the chimp drink coffee. Makia comes out of the gondola unable to sleep in fear of the wilderness and suggests Jacques to buy her. Jacques explains how slavery is uncivilized and explains marriage. Lightning is heard and they take off the balloon. The following day, they land in the Arab city of Hezak. People run in fear, until a Muslim priest comes out and refers to O\'Shea as the Moon God. The crew have dinner in the Sultan\'s palace, where a slave trader named Ahmed  comes in with a kidnapped American woman . Ahmed points at the moon emerging in the clouds, to which the Sultan  proclaims them as fakes. The crew escape quickly, but Ahmed climbs a ladder aboard. When they land they find out that Ahmed has stolen diamonds and medals from the Sultan. The American woman introduces herself as Susan Gale explains that she is a missionary. The professor explains they are headed for the Volta river to claim the land and stop slavery, but claims O\'Shea doesn\'t care about the slave trade. He tries to explain that he is only a journalist but Susan interrupts saying "trafficking human lives is everyone\'s concern, either you\'re for it or against it," to which Ahmed says "I\'m for it." The balloon continues its progress and lands near a forest. Susan is still angry at Donald and still thinks he doesn\'t care about slavery but Makia explains how he saved her from slavers. Meanwhile, O\'Shea goes out hunting with a gun provided by General Vyning. He walks into the forest and sees a lion, but when he tries to shoot it he realizes that the gun is unloaded. He then falls into a trap set by natives, who free him, but when he runs away they chase after him with spears. Quickly the crew takes the balloon off as a spear narrowly misses them inside the gondola. As they fly again, Donald and Susan build a relationship. After they land again, however, O\'Shea accidentally hammers the anchor away, setting the balloon free. The anchor luckily catches the top of a tree, but everyone including Susan becomes disappointed at him. The Professor and General consider offering O\'Shea to the slavers, as they tell how he was only aboard to carry testimony for Americans, but now they had a less troublesome Susan Gale. However, O\'Shea wins back the crew\'s trust when he spots out a sandstorm. The balloon lands in an oasis and the crew relaxes. Ahmed, however, is ordered to work and thinks he is being treated as a slave, telling Jacques "I\'m not a slave, I sell them!" A gunshot is heard and the Sheik\'s men on horseback come to arrest the Professor, Vyning, Makia and Susan, taking them to Timbuktu. Ahmed and Jacques stay the gondola while O\'Shea, who was picking dates, and the chimp stay in the trees until the men leave. In Timbuktu, the arrested crew are set to die as infidels and Makia be sold as a slave under the order of the Sheik Ageiba. Disguised as Arabs, Jacques, Ahmed and Donald purchase Makia from a slave trader . Makia tells of the plan to kill the rest of the crew and they fly their balloon to the top of a tower to save them. After defeating many of the men, they take off, but a sword is thrown onto the balloon\'s envelope, causing a slow leak to occur. The Professor, now knowing the slavers have less than two days, feels certain defeat, but Donald suggests they fly over night. The following day, they reach the Volta river, but sword plugged on the envelope starts to rip away, causing the balloon to descend. Everything is thrown overboard to help the balloon gain some lift as they fly towards a bridge, but see the slavers. The head slaver shoots the balloon causing it to deflate as the crew climb into the crows\' nest. The anchor is thrown onto the bridge and the gondola is released, causing the balloon to ascend and break the bridge, causing most of the slavers to drown. The head slaver, however, survives with their flag. The balloon\'s crew swim across the river, except for Ahmed, who remains seated on the balloon\'s drifting envelope because he can\'t swim. Donald goes back to retrieve the Union Jack as the envelope raft tumbles over the waterfall. Ahmed tells Donald to jump with the flag. He then kills the slave trader by throwing a dart into his chest, sending him falling into the water. The crew are finally proud that O\'Shea had done something triumphant, but he falls into the water. Susan tries to save him and falls in the water and they kiss, while Jacques and Makia also kiss. General Vyning admits to Professor Fergusson that he was wrong about his balloon. The film ends with the chimpanzee finding a companion for itself.'] ['The Gavins claimed the plot "followed closely the facts contained in the official report of the British Admiralty" about the Fryatt incident, with a Belgian love story added.<ref namehttp://nla.gov.au/nla.news-article22345000 |titleThe Queenslander |location15 December 1917 |accessdate29 |publisher=National Library of Australia}} The film begins after Fryatt, the commander of a merchant ship, has rammed a German submarine, and has returned to London a hero. German spies seek to track him down. Fryatt goes on another voyage, is captured by the Germans and executed.'] ['An elderly English woman Amy Wilkinson , almost at her deathbed in London, wants to come down to Madras in search of a young man Ilam Parithi ([[Arya  whom she last saw on 15 August 1947 to return a Thali necklace of his mother, which he gave her as a sign of stating that she belongs to India and nobody can separate them. However, after a turn of events, she had married another man from her hometown and thus felt that the thali was no longer her property. Amy Wilkinson arrives in Madras with her granddaughter Catherine , equipped only with a picture of Parithi that was taken sixty years ago. Wilkinson interrogates various people about Parithi\'s whereabouts. In the process, she recalls the events when she had first visited Chennai, and the chain of events that took place: A young Amy , the daughter of the Madras Presidency Governor, visits Chennai  along with her translator Nambi  and encounters Parithi, whom she calls "brave man". Parithi, a member of the dhobi  clan is also an experienced wrestler who trains under Ayyakanu . He openly opposes the British officials who attempt to build a golf course in the dhobi clan\'s dwelling place. He challenges a cruel racist officer named Robert Ellis , who is also Amy\'s suitor, to a wrestling match to decide the fate of his clan\'s home. Parithi is successful, and Ellis vows revenge. Following a series of secret meetings between Parithi and Amy, love blossoms between them, and Parithi affectionately calls her "Duraiyamma", a polite term of addressing British women. However a major threat comes in the form of independence for India on August 15, 1947, which means that all White officials and their families, including Amy, would have to leave India. On the eve of independence, all of India is celebrating. However Amy and Parithi, determined to be together, run away and are hunted by an angry Ellis and his force. An Indian policeman helps the two of them by hiding them in a clock tower on top of the Madras Central Railway Station, but they are discovered by Ellis. After a fierce fight, Ellis is killed and Parithi is badly wounded. Amy helps Parithi to escape by casting him with a life-raft into the Coovam river, before she is captured and taken back to London. She had never known if Parithi survived, or what his fate was. Back in the present, Wilkinson is urgently called back to London to have a life-saving operation. But she is determined to find Parithi and, by chance, encounters a taxi driver who assumes that she would want to visit a charitable trust named Duraiyamma Foundation. The driver shows her around the foundation, which has organisations providing free housing, education and medical care . She realizes that the Duraiyamma Foundation was established by Ilam Parithi, and named after her. Then When she asks the driver what became of Parithi, he leads her to his tomb, and reveals that he died twelve years ago. She kneels before the tomb and claims the thali necklace as her own. She declares "It\'s mine!" before quietly passing away on Parithi\'s tomb. Her granddaughter mourns for her, and the taxi driver is dumbfounded to learn that the old woman was "Duraiyamma" herself. The epilogue shows Parithi and Amy  in the afterlife, depicted as a 1940\'s-style Madrasapattinam. As the credits roll, a series of montage images are shown, illustrating the transformation of Madrasapattinam of the 1940s to modern-day Chennai.'] ['The film tells the story of a Sephardi family of Egyptian Jewish immigrants from Alexandria that settle in 1947 Tel Aviv. The family consists of a 33-year-old widowed wife, Clara,  and her four children. They live in a working-class neighborhood surrounded by their extended family, including Clara\'s mother Mazal, Clara\'s uncle Rafael, and Sultana, his wife. The plot centers on the firstborn, Sami, his transition from a shy 15-year-old to a working man and an activist in the "Irgun" , and the romantic attachment he develops with a 25-year-old Russian immigrant librarian . In addition to this, Clara struggles between social pressure to take a husband and her own complex feelings surrounding this, complicated by another Sephardi Egyptian, played by Yosef Shiloach, who has strong feelings for her. The movie is a vivid and very credible description of the lives of Sephardi immigrant families on the eve of the declaration of the state of Israel, as well as the escalating violence between British forces and the local populace, as well as Palestinian Arab violence towards Jews.'] ["The documentary intersperses archival footage with first-person interviews with disability rights activists who fought discrimination such as Fred Fay, I. King Jordan, Judi Chamberlin and Judith Heumann, and with legislators who helped draft and secure the passage of the ADA, including Tony Coelho and Tom Harkin. From the beginnings of the disability rights movement, when veterans with disabilities returning home from World War II began to demand an end to discrimination and for better access to employment and other social opportunities, Lives Worth Living traces the history of the movement in the United States in roughly chronological order. The film documents how, in the late 1960s and early 1970s, activists with disabilities began to adopt the some of the tactics and strategies used by civil rights activists a decade earlier, including marches, protests, and civil disobedience. Using sometimes-disturbing archival footage, Lives Worth Living describes efforts spearheaded by activists and politicians like Bobby Kennedy to shine a public spotlight on the often-horrendous conditions in state institutions for people with mental disabilities, such as Willowbrook State School in Staten Island, New York, eventually leading to deinstitutionalization and community-based alternative programs. Lives Worth Living also documents how, in 1988, Deaf students at Gallaudet University in Washington D.C. protested the appointment of yet another in a long line of hearing presidents, and demanded that a deaf president be appointed instead. People with disabilities formed cross-disability coalitions to demand access to all the things that nondisabled people take for granted, including public transportation, accessible housing, public accommodations, and jobs. All these efforts culminated in the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act by Congress, and the ADA's signing by President George H. W. Bush on July 26, 1990.{{cite news}}"] ['A young Jewish boy  who escapes from the traumas of war-torn Holland by living in a fantasy world of American westerns - where good triumphs over evil and the outcast becomes a hero.'] ['Continuing from where the first film ended, Wing Chun master Ip Man and his family move to Hong Kong in the early 1950s after their escape from Foshan. There, Ip desires to open a school to propagate his art, as well as to make his living, but he has difficulty attracting students due to his lack of reputation in the city. One day, a young man named Wong Leung appears and promptly challenges Ip to a fight, but is easily defeated. Wong leaves humiliated, only to return with some friends to gang up on him. Ip beats them as well. Stunned and impressed by his skills, Wong and his friends become Ip\'s first students, bringing more disciples to help the school thrive. Wong is later caught posting promotional posters for the school by some Hung Gar students. One of them challenges Wong to a fight and loses, but his friends take Wong hostage in revenge and demand a ransom from Ip. Ip goes to the local wet market as directed, but the meeting ends in a confrontation with a growing mob of Hung Ga students. Ip and Wong fight their way outside to meet Jin Shanzhao — the martial artist and former bandit in the first film — who comes to their rescue with his own gang. The students\' master, Hung Chun-nam, arrives to break up the fight. Ip introduces himself, and Hung informs him that before setting up a school, he needs to attend a special fighting ceremony to test his skill. Ip, Wong and Jin are subsequently arrested by Officer Fatso for disturbing the peace but are later released on bail. Hung and Fatso are then shown to be acting as reluctant collectors for the martial arts schools  as part of a protection racket headed by Superintendent Wallace, a corrupt officer in the Hong Kong police. Ip attends the ceremony and defeats his first challengers, and then strikes a draw with the last challenger, Hung. Ip is allowed to keep running his school on the condition that he pay the monthly protection fees, but he declines. Hung thus has his students loiter in front of the Wing Chun school and harass anyone interested, causing a street brawl between them and Ip\'s disciples. Ip is thus forced to close up and move the school nearer to home. Ip soon confronts Hung, who blames him since he wouldn\'t pay the protection fees, with Ip telling Hung that he chose to work with the Westerners. Hung insists that they finish their fight, but during this last encounter, Ip stops Hung from accidentally kicking his son as he suddenly appears, earning his respect from Hung. Ip leaves, and the next day, Hung invites him to a British boxing match he had helped to set up, quietly coming to terms with him. The boxing competition begins with the various martial arts schools demonstrating their skills. However, the event\'s star boxer, Taylor "The Twister" Milos, a Chinese-hating sociopath, openly insults and attacks the students, causing chaos as the masters try to restore order. Hung accepts Twister\'s challenge to a fight so that he can defend his culture. Although Hung has the upper hand at first, in the second round he suffers a sudden, misfortunate and devastating blow that severely disorientates him. As he fights on, he begins to weaken from his asthma and is eventually beaten viciously to death by the British boxer, as he refuses to go down and allow the man to insult his culture. News of Hung\'s death rapidly spreads throughout the enraged Chinese populace, causing a scandal that spurs Wallace to hold a press conference, where he states that Hung\'s death was an accident, that Twister held back during Hung\'s challenge and that he was too weak to survive more than a few punches. Twister announces that he will accept any challenge from the Chinese in order to get rid of his bad reputation, yet remorselessly gloating that he is going to murder every Chinese Warrior in Hong Kong to prove the supposed superority of western boxing. Ip Man has already arrived to challenge Twister to a fight. As his wife goes into labor, Ip finishes training and begins his fight with Twister. Ip exchanges blows with the boxer and seems overwhelmed by the westerner\'s sheer muscle at first, but begins to make a comeback using his more diverse techniques. He receives a sucker punch from Twister after the second round\'s bell, and is also told he will be disqualified for using kicks due to the judges changing the rules during the match. When it seems like the end, Ip remembers Hung\'s patriotic spirit and determination to defend Kung Fu, and is spurred to go on. He changes his strategy and attacks the boxer\'s arms to disable him. This fight is brought to a climactic finish as Ip Man rains blow-after-blow into the knocked-down Twister\'s face , with flashbacks reflecting the latter\'s killing of Master Hung. Ip nearly kills Twister in his rage and fury, but manages to restrain himself before the final punch. While the Chinese audience cheers, Wallace is arrested by his superiors for corruption, as Fatso had secretly reported him. Ip then gives a speech to the audience, stating that despite the differences between their races and their fighting styles, he wishes for everyone to respect each other. Both the Western and Chinese audience then give him a standing ovation while Twister\'s manager walks away unhappy at the west\'s failure to defeat China. Ip goes home and reunites with his family, including his newborn second son, Ip Ching. A final scene shows Ip being introduced to a boy named Bruce Lee who wishes to study Wing Chun. Ip smiles and simply tells the boy to come back when he is older.'] [' *Razzak as Faruk *Shuchonda as Bithi *Anowar Hossain as *Shawkat Akbar as Anis *Rosy Samad as Sathi *Khan Ataur Rahman as *Rawshan Jamil as *Baby Zaman as'] ["Kikuyu tribal members work on Henry McKenzie's farm in 1940s Kenya. Two young men, Kenyan native Kimani and Henry's son Peter, have grown up together, almost like brothers. Prejudices surface when Peter's brother-in-law Jeff Newton slaps the face of Kimani after his request to use a rifle. Kimani leaves the farm, but is carried back by Peter after having caught his foot in a trap. Mau Mau tribesmen plot an insurrection as Kenya's tensions rise. Kimani sides with them and is asked to steal a supply of rifles as a test. He parts ways for many years with Peter, who becomes a safari leader to help raise money for the farm. His fiancee Holly Keith arrives and they intend to marry. Kimani impregnates the daughter of a Mau Mau trible elder. A raid on the farm results in the murders of Newton and his children. British forces retaliate by bombing a Mau Mau encampment, taking tribesmen prisoner and torturing them. Peter wants to continue his life in Africa, but troubles worsen when Holly must fight off Mau Mau warriors. Henry hastily gets her and Newton's wife to safety in Nairobi. Peter goes looking for Kimani, who has been identified as the leader of the Mau Mau raiding party that killed his brother-in-law and Newton's children. They fight to the death, Kimani ultimately falling into a pit of bamboo spikes."] ['It is 1813. The South Essex Regiment has suffered terrible losses in the fighting in Spain and is in danger of being disbanded as a result. Major Sharpe  and Sergeant Major Harper  are sent back to England to find out why replacements have not been sent. During an audience with the dimwitted Prince Regent , Sharpe is introduced to Lord Fenner , the man responsible for the regiment\'s troubles. Fenner sends Lady Anne Camoynes  to sleep with Sharpe and ascertain his intentions. When he finds out, he sends assassins to solve his potential problem, but Sharpe and Harper dispose of them instead. Their bodies are tossed into the river and rumours are spread that Sharpe and Harper have been killed. Meanwhile, the two men "enlist" in the South Essex to find out what happens to the recruits. They learn that they are being trained by Lieutenant Colonel Girdwood ([[Mark Lambert  and then sold to other regiments by Sharpe\'s old enemy, Sir Henry Simmerson . Simmerson\'s niece, Jane Gibbons , helps Sharpe and Harper escape afterwards. Sharpe confronts Lord Fenner, but does not have any proof. Just in time, Lady Camoynes, who has her own grudge against Fenner, shows up with ledgers detailing the crimes and uses them for blackmail for herself and for Sharpe. Simmerson due to his influential friends, once more escapes prosecution. Sharpe gets the men he came for and goes back to fight in Spain, albeit with Colonel Girdwood in tow. In Spain, Girdwood is injured and Sharpe takes command of the South Essex, leading them on to victory. To shelter Jane from Simmerson\'s wrath, Sharpe becomes engaged to her.'] ["In the late second century C.E., the Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius fights to keep Germanic barbarians from invading his northern territories. His deputies are the Greek ex-slave Timonides  and the stern and honest general Gaius Livius. Livius has close connections with the imperial family, being the lover of Aurelius' philosopher daughter Lucilla and a friend of her brother Commodus. Nevertheless, he is amazed to hear that Aurelius wants to make him his heir. Despite his military obligations the emperor has egalitarian ideals, dreaming of a day when Rome grants equal rights to men of all nations. He knows that he will not live to achieve this end, and trusts Livius to do so more than his charismatic but brutal son. The discovery that his father has effectively disinherited him hurts Commodus immensely, and damages the almost brotherly relationship he had enjoyed with Livius. Aurelius summons all the governors of the Roman empire to his headquarters, intending to announce Livius' future accession. Before he can do so he is poisoned by Commodus' cronies, who hope to secure their own political future by putting their friend on the throne. Sure enough, Livius feels that a non-aristocrat such as himself would never be accepted as emperor without Aurelius' explicit backing; he lets his old friend take the position instead. Commodus, who was not part of the murder plot, is left feeling helplessly angry at his deceased father. He dedicates himself to undoing all Aurelius' policies; this involves blatant favoritism towards Rome and Italy, which are enriched by ferocious taxation of the provinces that were to be their equals. Meanwhile Livius' army scores an important victory on the frontier, capturing the German chieftain Ballomar and his aides. Timonides wins the Germans' trust by successfully undergoing an ordeal, having his hand thrust in a fire; with his help, Livius decides to put Aurelius' policy into effect despite disapproval from Commodus. Lucilla helps convince Livius to defy the emperor, since she loved her father as much as Commodus hates him. A speech by Timonides persuades the Roman Senate to let the German captives become peaceful farmers on Italian land, thereby encouraging their fellow barbarians to cooperate with Rome instead of fighting it. Commodus is furious, and sends Livius back to his frontier post in what is effectively a sentence of banishment. Lucilla is forced to go to Armenia, with whose king she shares a loveless political marriage. Commodus is compelled to recall Livius in order to put down a rebellion by Rome's eastern provinces. When he arrives at the sight of the unrest, Livius is horrified to find that Lucilla is behind it. She tries to persuade him to join her in making a splinter state, free of her brother's influence, but he feels that Roman civilization will collapse if it is broken into pieces. The issue is settled in an unexpected manner when Lucilla's husband calls in Rome's archenemy Parthia to help the rebelling forces fight Livius. The sight of the dreaded Parthian cavalry so panics the defecting Romans that they go back over to Livius, swelling his army and allowing him to score an immense victory. The king of Armenia is killed, and Commodus sends word that Livius is to be made joint ruler of Rome. The condition for this reward, however, is that Livius is to wreak hideous punishments on the populations of the disloyal provinces. Rejecting this latest piece of brutality, Livius and Lucilla take their army to Rome and order Commodus to abdicate. He responds by bribing away the soldiers' loyalty and massacring Timonides and the population of the German colony . The fawning Senate declares Commodus a god, and Livius and Lucilla are sentenced to be burned alive as human sacrifices to the new deity. This victory for Commodus is accompanied by a terrible private discovery-- he is not of royal blood, being the product of illicit sex between his promiscuous mother Faustina Minor and a gladiator. His mind unhinged by this, Commodus makes the bizarre decision of challenging Livius to a duel for the throne. The two fight with javelins in the Roman Forum, and Livius eventually runs Commodus through. The Senate hastily offer to make Livius emperor, but he refuses; the Roman government is now too corrupt for him to fix. He slips away with Lucilla, leaving Commodus' old advisers to bicker about who will take the emperor's place. A voice-over epilogue states that this political infighting continued for the rest of Roman history, leading to the imperial government's eventual collapse."] ['In 1918 a young soldier called Adolf Hitler recovers from being gassed during World War One. At the behest of the German army, he joins German nationalistic parties, espousing theories that Germany lost the war because they were stabbed in the back.. He rises to become dictator of Germany.'] ['In 1813, Napoleon is reeling from his disastrous invasion of Russia the year before, and Lord Wellington is preparing to drive the French out of Spain. Richard Sharpe  is mourning the death of his wife Teresa. Sharpe\'s archenemy, French Major Ducos , proposes a plan to his emperor to split the alliance between Spain and England . He has a French spy, la Marquesa , write a letter to her Spanish husband claiming that Sharpe tried to force his unwanted attentions on her. Sharpe is forced into a duel with the outraged nobleman, but the fight is broken up by Wellington\'s men. Later that night, while he is sleeping, the Spaniard has his throat cut by El Matarife , a partisan leader. Sharpe is framed for the murder and is sentenced to hang. To placate his Spanish allies, Wellington is forced to go along. Major Nairn ([[Michael Byrne , Wellington\'s spymaster, arranges for another condemned soldier to be executed , while he sends Sharpe and Sergeant Harper  to find out what is going on. Meanwhile, Father Hacha  and his brother El Matarife, Ducos\' co-conspirators, abduct la Marquesa and imprison her in a nunnery to tie up loose ends. Sharpe learns of this and frees her, only to be chased by El Matarife and his men. Sharpe is captured by a French patrol and taken to Ducos. The gloating Frenchman tells Sharpe that his duel and the murder of the nobleman has made it possible to negotiate a vital peace treaty with King Ferdinand VII of Spain; the British army will be forced to leave the country. Harper and the rest of Sharpe\'s "chosen men" infiltrate the French prison in disguise and rescue their commander, just in time for him to play a pivotal role in the British victory at the Battle of Vitoria. Sharpe finds El Matarife at the end of the battle, fights him man to man, and forces him to confess in front of Spanish and British witnesses. El Matarife then tries to stab Sharpe in the back, but is shot by the Spanish major, who now clearly believes Sharpe. With his plot in ruins, Ducos kills Father Hacha. In his attempt to flee from the advancing British, the arrogant Ducos is hauled from his horse by the routed French soldiers and is shot and left to die .'] ['The setting of the film is the province of Galicia, circa, 1920, in the impoverished village of San Clemente. Since the Village has no priest, ecclesiastic authority falls to Pedro Gailo, the sacristan, who has a young beautiful wife Mari Gaila. Greedy for any money that comes their way and eager to leave San Clemente and her husband, Mari cares for a hydrocephalus-stricken child and uses him to beg for alms. The child becomes the source of their wealth. Comfortable in the joint guardianship of the child with her sister-in-law Marica, Mari Gaila, encouraged by another beggar woman nicknamed “la Tatula’, decides to go to various fairs and festivals and there puts the hydrocephalus dwarf on display, in order to wheedle funds from good-natured, pitying, sympathetic people. Her husband, Pedro, the sacristan, is afraid that Mari’s activities will ruin his reputation, but his love of money overcomes his fear and pride. Maria Galia sets out for the nearest city, confronting a world she never knew existed, full of music, cattle trading fairs and picturesque people. She becomes the object of desire of other nomad beggars like herself, especially shrewd tricksters like Septimio Miau. Drawn sexually to this handsome outlaw, after a mild flirtation with him she leaves for home, loaded with money. The townspeople begin to gossip about her sudden wealth and freedom to leave the village at will. Mari Gaila meets up with Septimo again, teams up with him, using the hydrocephalus child as a freak exhibit, and decides to run off with him. While they are making love, the locals ply the hydrocephalus child with liquor at the local tavern, causing his death. Septimo deserts Mari Gaila, who becomes ill and returns to the sacristan, empty handed. But Pedro Gailo uses his nephew’s corpse, showing off his gigantic member to families in other villages to make money. Later, Septimo returns and Rosa la Tatula acts as a go between. The lovers meet in a forest, consummate their affair and are caught by their jealous neighbors. Disgraced, desperate and poor, Mari Gaila is striped nude, spat upon, mocked and stoned. The crowd ends its vengeance when Pedro, the sacristan, pronounces the “divine words" in Latin: “Let him who is free of sin cast the first stone”. These words in the midst of such squalor are ironic yet miraculous, causing the crowd to disperse and look into their own motives. They are downtrodden peasants caught in a claustrophobic world, scheming, dirty people with nowhere to go. After the crowd leaves, Pedro maintains a saintly pose, forgiving his adulterous wife. Mari Gaila seems too clean and noble to have groveled in this squalor and comes off seeming almost saintly herself.'] ['The screenplay of Gandhi is available as a published book.{{cite book |titleBriley |firstJohn Briley |yearGrove Press |location0-394-62471-8 |urlHSWAPwAACAAJ&dqbriley83/>{{rp}} and his funeral.one of whom assassinates him in a scene at the end of the film that recalls the opening.p. 179, Briley . As Godse shoots Gandhi, the film fades to black and Gandhi is heard in a voiceover, saying "Oh God". The audience then sees Gandhi\'s cremation; the film ending with a scene of Gandhi\'s ashes being scattered on the holy Ganga.p. 180, Briley ; in the movie/screenplay, the river is not identified. As this happens, we hear Gandhi in another voiceover:Here, the movie voiceover  departs from Briley\'s  published screenplay, which reads: "There have been tyrants and murderers - and for a time they can seem invincible. But in the end they always fall. Think of it - always... When you are in doubt that that is God\'s way, the way the world is meant to be... think of that." {{cquote}} As the list of actors is seen at the end, the hymn "Vaishnava Janato" is heard.'] ['It is 1812. General Wellesley ([[Hugh Fraser  is ready to invade Spain from Portugal. But two formidable fortresses stand in the way. When the first, Ciudad Rodrigo, is taken, Colonel Lawford is severely wounded and forced to relinquish command of the South Essex Regiment, depriving Captain Sharpe  of an influential friend. Colonel Windham , the new commander, brings his own officers, so Sharpe is demoted to lieutenant and is humiliated by being put in charge of the baggage and losing command of his "chosen men" to an aristocratic officer  who purchased the commission of the South Essex\'s Light Company. Worse, one of the reinforcements is Sergeant Obidiah Hakeswill , an old enemy from Sharpe\'s days in India. Meanwhile, Sharpe\'s lover, Teresa , tells him that he has a baby daughter living with her family in Badajoz, the second fortress town. Not knowing who she is, Hakeswill tries to rape her, but proves no match for her. Teresa then slips into Badajoz to spy on the French and to see her baby. To cause trouble for Sharpe, Hakeswill steals from the officers and plants a picture frame belonging to Windham in the kit of Sharpe\'s right hand man, Sergeant Harper . When it is found, the colonel has Harper flogged. Later, during a night skirmish, a turncoat French soldier escapes the besieged town, bearing a dispatch and a letter from Teresa, but he is shot and killed. Sharpe recovers the letter, which contains a map showing where she is staying, but on his way back Hakeswill tries to shoot Sharpe in the confusion, but kills a young ensign  who has the misfortune to step in front of him at that exact moment. Eventually the walls of Badajoz are breached, but the first assault falters. Sharpe rallies the men and leads them into the town. Hakeswill gets to Teresa first due to the letter he stole from Sharpe, Harry Price, one of Sharpe\'s officers, intervenes and is shot and apparently killed by Hakeswill while trying to protect Teresa.  Sharpe is not far behind and stops Hakeswill, who suffers a wound in the process, but Hakeswill still manages to get away. For his bravery and because many of the other officers have been killed, Sharpe gets back command of his Light Company. Harper is exonerated when he finds the missing portrait of Windham\'s wife hidden in Hakeswill\'s shako and returns it to the colonel.'] ["Trotsky had been forced to leave the Soviet Union in 1929. It is now 1940 and he is living in Mexico. He has not escaped the attention of the current ruler of the Soviet Union, Joseph Stalin, who sends out an assassin named Frank Jackson. The killer decides to infiltrate Trotsky's house by befriending one of the young communists in Trotsky's circle."] ['The film is presented in two parts, separated by an intermission.  In 1935, T. E. Lawrence  is killed in a motorcycle accident. At his memorial service at St Paul\'s Cathedral, reporters try to gain insights into this remarkable, enigmatic man from those who knew him, with little success. During the First World War, Lawrence is a misfit British Army lieutenant stationed in Cairo, notable for his insolence and knowledge of the Bedouin. Over the objections of General Murray , he is sent by Mr. Dryden  of the Arab Bureau to assess the prospects of Prince Faisal  in his revolt against the Turks. On the journey, his Bedouin guide is killed by Sherif Ali  for drinking from a well without permission. Lawrence later meets Colonel Brighton , who orders him to keep quiet, make his assessment of Faisal\'s camp, and leave. Lawrence promptly ignores Brighton\'s commands when he meets Faisal. His knowledge and outspokenness pique the Prince\'s interest. Brighton advises Faisal to retreat after a major defeat, but Lawrence proposes a daring surprise attack on Aqaba which, if successful, would provide a port from which the British could offload much-needed supplies. While strongly fortified against a naval assault, the town is lightly defended on the landward side. He convinces Faisal to provide fifty men, led by a sceptical Sherif Ali. Two teenage orphans, Daud  and Farraj , attach themselves to Lawrence as his servants. They cross the Nefud Desert, considered impassable even by the Bedouins, travelling day and night on the last stage to reach water. Gasim  succumbs to fatigue and falls off his camel unnoticed during the night. The rest make it to an oasis, but Lawrence turns back for the lost man, risking his own life and winning over Sherif Ali after saving Gasim. Lawrence persuades Auda abu Tayi , the leader of the powerful local Howeitat tribe, to turn against the Turks. Lawrence\'s plan is almost derailed when one of Ali\'s men kills one of Auda\'s because of a blood feud. Since Howeitat retaliation would shatter the fragile alliance, Lawrence declares that he will execute the murderer himself. Stunned to discover that the culprit is Gasim, he shoots him anyway. The next morning, the intact alliance overruns the Turkish garrison. Lawrence heads to Cairo to inform Dryden and the new commander, General Allenby , of his victory. During the crossing of the Sinai Desert, Daud dies when he stumbles into quicksand. Lawrence is promoted to major and given arms and money to support the Arabs. He is deeply disturbed, confessing that he enjoyed executing Gasim, but Allenby brushes aside his qualms. He asks Allenby whether there is any basis for the Arabs\' suspicions that the British have designs on Arabia. Pressed, the general states they have no such designs.  Lawrence launches a guerrilla war, blowing up trains and harassing the Turks at every turn. American war correspondent Jackson Bentley ([[Arthur Kennedy  publicizes his exploits, making him world famous. On one raid, Farraj is badly injured. Unwilling to leave him to be tortured, Lawrence is forced to shoot him before fleeing. When Lawrence scouts the enemy-held city of Daraa with Ali, he is taken, along with several Arab residents, to the Turkish Bey . Lawrence is stripped, ogled and prodded. For striking out at the Bey, he is severely flogged, then thrown out into the street. Lawrence is so traumatized by the experience that he abandons all of his exploits, going from having proclaimed himself a god, to insisting he is merely a man. He attempts to return to the British forces and swear off the desert, but he never fits in there. In Jerusalem, Allenby urges him to support his "big push" on Damascus, but Lawrence is a changed, tormented man, unwilling to return. After Allenby insists that Lawrence has a destiny, he finally relents. Lawrence naively believes that the warriors will come for him rather than for money. He recruits an army, mainly killers, mercenaries, and cutthroats motivated by money, rather than the Arab cause. They sight a column of retreating Turkish soldiers who have just slaughtered the people of Tafas. One of Lawrence\'s men from the village demands, "No prisoners!" When Lawrence hesitates, the man charges the Turks alone and is killed. Lawrence takes up the dead man\'s cry, resulting in a massacre in which Lawrence himself participates with relish. Afterward, he realizes the horrible consequences of what he has done. His men then take Damascus ahead of Allenby\'s forces. The Arabs set up a council to administer the city, but they are desert tribesmen, ill-suited for such a task. The various tribes argue among themselves and in spite of Lawrence\'s insistence, cannot unite against the English, who in the end take the city back under their bureaucracy. Unable to maintain the utilities and bickering constantly with each other, they soon abandon most of the city to the British. Promoted to colonel and immediately ordered home, his usefulness at an end to both Faisal and the British diplomats, a dejected Lawrence is driven away in a staff car.'] ['It tells the story of a young girl in Salem, Massachusetts, 1692, who has an affair with adventurer. She is sentenced as a witch, but saved by him.'] 