['Joe Snow, a snowman, recounts how the Muppet Theater was going through financial hardship, and the Muppets seeking Kermit the Frog for guidance. Kermit eventually feels he is not useful to anyone and Daniel, an angel, brings this up with his Boss as they review what has gone on with Kermit in the past hours. Hours earlier, Kermit prepares a Christmas show with his fellow Muppets with Bobo the Bear playing Santa Claus. Kermit is approached by Rachel Bitterman, a banker/real estate agent who says that she will foreclose the Muppet Theater if Kermit does not pay her. Pepe the King Prawn leaves the Muppets because he has fallen in love with Bitterman. While trying to raise money to pay Rachel, Kermit tries to find a celebrity to participate in his Christmas play to no avail. Meanwhile, after learning from Pepe that the deadline is midnight, Bitterman changes it to 6:00&nbsp;p.m. When he sees her with another boy-toy however, Pepe leaves her and warns Kermit about the deadline change. Upon learning this, Kermit sends Fozzie to deliver the money to Bitterman. Fozzie confronts a crazed nature-show host, a laser array, and a gang of Whos after being dyed green at a Christmas tree lot and mistaken for the Grinch. Fozzie goes through the steam baths and ends up back to normal. When Fozzie eventually makes it to the bank and Bitterman\'s office, he discovers too late that he has grabbed the wrong bag containing clothes for the Salvation Army following his incident at the Christmas tree lot. After witnessing these events, the Boss allows Daniel to help Kermit. When Daniel arrives, he ends up showing Kermit what would have happened to his friends if he had not existed. In the world without Kermit, Bitterman has changed the park near the Muppet Theater into a shopping center. Gonzo is now homeless, and Rizzo the Rat stars in an episode of Fear Factor where a woman has to eat him alive. Dr. Teeth and The Electric Mayhem perform Irish stepdance. Doc Hopper\'s French Fried Frog Legs has become a famous restaurant franchise. The Muppet Theater has become a nightclub called Club Dot. Dr. Bunsen Honeydew became a rapper, Beaker became a nightclub bouncer, Scooter and Sam the Eagle are club-dancing ravers, and Fozzie Bear is now a thief living on the streets. Miss Piggy is a spinster who lives in an apartment with a series of cats, working from home as a phone psychic with a fake Jamaican accent. Kermit has Daniel restore him back to his reality and returns to the Muppet Theater. However, Bitterman arrives to shut the theater down and fights with Miss Piggy. Pepe arrives and announces he has made the Muppet Theater into a historical landmark, foiling Bitterman\'s plan. Outside, the Muppets and Joe Snow sing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas."'] ["April Burns, the eldest daughter in a highly dysfunctional family, lives in a small tenement apartment on the Lower East Side of Manhattan with her boyfriend Bobby. Although estranged from her family, she opts to invite them for Thanksgiving dinner, probably the last for her mother Joy, who has breast cancer. The film focuses on three journeys: the family's arduous trek from suburbia to New York City, punctuated by stops for Krispy Kreme doughnuts, bagels, Joy's frequent need for a restroom or a joint to ease her pain, a burial service for an animal they hit, and various arguments and recriminations; Bobby's efforts to find a suit so he can make a good impression on his girlfriend's relatives; and April's preparations for the meal, a near disaster when she discovers her oven is broken. With the help of various neighbors, she manages to assemble dinner, while learning to appreciate the importance of family and making some new friends in the process."] ['On Christmas Eve of 2005, the Mason family is enjoying Christmas dinner when Santa Claus  comes down the chimney and kills them all. Some of the deaths include Santa stabbing a man\'s hands to the table with steak knives, causing a girl to faint and fall back into a sharp pole that impales through her neck, Virginia\'s head is set on fire and is then drowned in eggnog, a man tries to fight Santa and gets pushed into a glass case and dies, Santa then grabs a leg from the table and smashes in a woman\'s head as she pleads, "I\'ve been good!", the last girl tries to escape but Santa throws a star into her back, and lastly the man who got stabbed in the hands get a turkey leg lodged down his throat. This opening scene includes bit roles from several famous Jewish actors, including James Caan, Fran Drescher, Chris Kattan, and Rebecca Gayheart. Riding on his sleigh driven by his "hell-deer", Santa arrives at Hell Township and proceeds to kill the locals in various holiday-themed ways. In one of his slaughters, Santa kills the occupants of a local strip club frequented by Pastor Timmons ([[Dave Thomas , a crooked minister who manages to survive the massacre. Later, Santa murders the local Jewish deli owner Mr. Green  using his own menorah. Meanwhile, teenager Nicholas Yuleson ([[Douglas Smith  is living with his crazy grandfather , a crackpot inventor who has created a bunker in their basement to survive Christmas. When Nicholas asks Grandpa why he hates Christmas, he is shown "The Book of Klaus", which reveals the origins of Santa Claus. Apparently, Santa was the result of a virgin birth produced by Satan . Christmas was "The Day of Slaying" for Santa until, in 1005 AD, an angel defeated Santa in a curling match and sentenced Santa to deliver presents on Christmas for 1000 years. This means that Santa is free to kill again in 2005. Upon arriving at the scene of Mr. Green\'s murder, Nicholas is taken to the police station for questioning. He is bailed out by his girlfriend Mary "Mac" Mackenzie , just before Santa arrives and kills all of the officers. Santa pursues them in a police car, but they are able to escape . They flee to Mr. Yuleson\'s bunker, with Santa still in pursuit. Nicholas and Mac manage to escape, care of Grandpa\'s snowmobile, but Grandpa is run over by Santa\'s "hell-deer" and killed. The two teens hide from Santa in a local high school, hoping that Santa\'s powers will end when Christmas ends, but are eventually forced to confront him in the gymnasium. They are almost killed by Santa on a Zamboni but are saved by Grandpa, who is actually the angel that originally defeated Santa. With Christmas ended and his powers gone, Santa flees in his sleigh but his "hell-deer" are shot down by Mac\'s father with a bazooka. Pastor Timmons is found dead in a Santa suit and is presumed to be the killer, while in fact the real Santa Claus is boarding a flight from Winnipeg to the North Pole. After the credits, Santa is looking over his naughty list, when he looks into the camera and says "Who\'s Next?"'] ["When no people are around, the toys still play in the playroom. But since a toy will be frozen forever if a person catches it out of position, they have to be very careful. It's Christmas Eve, and Rugby the Tiger remembers how he was the favorite Christmas toy last year and wants to be the favorite again this year, as not to be replaced by another toy. However, he doesn't stop to think that if Jamie unwrapped him again this year, she'd see him out of his normal place that she usually puts him and he'd be frozen forever. It's up to Apple the Doll, whom Rugby supplanted as favorite toy, to tell him what's in store. But Rugby won't believe her, and tries to get into the Christmas package and lets Meteora, Queen of the Asteroids loose. Unfortunately, she doesn't know she's a toy, and thinks she's landed among aliens. And it's up to Apple, Mew , and the other toys to get Rugby out of the box and Meteora back in it before they're found and frozen forever."] ['An adaptation of the Charles Dickens classic, A Christmas Carol. An overexcited Roo, along with Pooh, Piglet, Tigger and Eeyore, pay Rabbit a visit to celebrate Easter. But instead of finding an Easter party they find a Spring Cleaning Day celebration led by Rabbit who makes up the holiday to replace Easter. Rabbit finds out Tigger was right about him liking Easter in his past. Meanwhile, the narrator purposely takes Rabbit to Roo\'s house instead of his own to show him how much Roo and the others still care about him, and how he should do the same thing, but Rabbit remains stubborn and angry and unconvinced. He even puts away Piglet\'s pink Easter basket, Pooh\'s special honey pot, Eeyore\'s fluffy bunny ears, and Tigger\'s striped Easter egg in the chest saying, "If they just listen, if they follow orders, do as I say, but no no." So late that night, the narrator takes Rabbit into the "pages that not have yet been written", or into the future of the Hundred Acre Wood. It is Spring Cleaning Day, and all the supplies and chores are organized exactly as Rabbit wanted, which makes him very happy. But when he asks the narrator where everyone is, thinking that their late as usual, the narrator tells him that they\'re not late but gone, because they moved away from the Hundred Acre Wood. He tries to find them, but sees that all their houses are empty. When he was at Tigger\'s house, Rabbit finds Roo\'s drawing of him and Roo, and rushes to Kanga and Roo\'s house, which was also empty. So confused Rabbit says, "Roo was so looking forward to..," and the narrator asks, "Spring Cleaning Day was it?" But Rabbit says no because it was Easter, regretting what he done, he asks where his friends are. But the narrator laughs at the word \'Friends\' and says that Rabbit certainly didn\'t treat them like friends, and shows him the way he was acting, and tells that he never thought about what the others wanted and was only thinking of himself. Rabbit finally realizes that he was wrong to try to control something that everyone shares and loves, and decides to change the future by changing his attitude to everyone else. But however he learns that the Easter supplies were taken with his friends when they moved. Saboris appeared as the evil spirit of darkness and kills Rabbit by firing a ball of igniting death. Rabbit explodes to Death and the Hundered Acre Wood disappeared. But until next morning he wakes up on Easter day and he sees the supplies is back in the box. At the same time, Roo and the others come up with another idea in hopes of cheering Rabbit up, and while they are busy working, Rabbit, feeling as "giddy as a jackrabbit", brings out all the Easter decorations and starts happily preparing a big surprise for his friends. The movie ends with the annual Easter celebration proceeding as planned.'] ["A troubled and irresponsible man, Nick Wrigley  was hacked by some group of criminals who are looking for a bank account code to Nick's boss. The criminals manage to find his apartment and start beating him. They tell him they want their money by Christmas. They leave and Nick decides to run away. Nick is leaving the building when the biggest member of the gang sees him leaving and chases him. Nick manages to escape when he runs to a North Pole stage where kids meet Santa Claus. He steals the costume for Santa Claus and walks to the bus stop in disguise and goes to his brother's house. Meanwhile the house's mischievous 14-year-old Danny Wrigley ([[Josh Zuckerman  welcomes his uncle because he has a better relationship with him than any other person in his family. Danny's father  however is less than thrilled to see his older brother, while his wife  welcomes Nick. Danny's parents, both doctors, are called into the hospital and reluctantly leave Nick to look after their three children. On Christmas Eve, Santa comes to the house with a device that can freeze time, in order to put the family's presents under the tree unnoticed. An object hits the device, time goes back to normal, and Nick hits him unconscious. They decide to deliver Santa's presents. While Nick is delivering the presents, unbeknown to Danny he is stealing from the houses. When Danny finds out that Nick is stealing he feels betrayed and goes back home in Santa's sleigh. Meanwhile, Danny's younger siblings, Kaitlyn  and Peter ([[Rhys Williams  found an unconscious Santa  on the floor of their living room. He wakes up and convinces them that he is Santa. They find out that Danny and Nick stole the sleigh and presents and Santa says that Danny will be on the naughty list forever. When Danny comes back he apologizes to Santa, but the sleigh is broken. Nick is sitting at a bus stop when he sees the three men who had been threatening him earlier in the movie. They ask him where the address to his brother's house is . Nick doesn't answer them and they drive off. Nick realizes a second later they are going to his brother's house, which means that his family is in trouble. Nick, who still has Santa's device, races back to the house and get there just in time. He saves his family from the men using the device and the men drive away terrified. Nick returns the device to Santa and then gives Santa his beloved laptop to fix Santa's sleigh and save Christmas. The next morning, Nick wakes up and sees Santa has given him the guitar that he has wanted since childhood, but never got for Christmas because he was on the naughty list."] ['The story involves the people of Mars, including Momar  and Kimar . They\'re worried that their children Girmar  and Bomar  are watching too much Earth television, most notably station KID-TV\'s interview with Santa Claus in his workshop at the North Pole. Consulting the ancient 800-year-old Martian sage Chochem , they are advised that the children of Mars are growing distracted due to the society\'s overly rigid structure; from infancy, all their education is fed into their brains through machines and they are not allowed individuality or freedom of thought. Chochem notes that he had seen this coming "for centuries", and says the only way to help the children is to allow them their freedom and be allowed to have fun. To do this, they need a Santa Claus figure, like on Earth. Leaving the Chochem\'s cave, the Martian leaders decide to abduct Santa Claus from Earth and bring him to Mars. As the Martians could not distinguish between all the fakes Santas, they kidnapped two children to find the real one. Once this is accomplished, one Martian, Voldar, who strongly disagrees with the idea, repeatedly tries to kill Santa Claus along with two kidnapped Earth children. He believes that Santa is corrupting the children of Mars and turning them away from the race\'s original glory. When they arrive on Mars, Santa and the children build a factory to make toys for the children. However, Voldar and his assistants, Stobo and Shim, sabotage the factory and change the programming so that it makes the toys incorrectly. Meanwhile, Dropo, Kimar\'s assistant, has taken a great liking to Santa Claus and Christmas, puts on one of Santa\'s spare suits and starts acting like Santa Claus. He goes to the toy factory to make toys, but Voldar mistakes him for Santa and kidnaps him. When Santa and the children come back to the factory to make more toys, they discover the machines have been tampered with. Voldar and Stobo come back to the factory to make a deal with Kimar, but when they see the real Santa Claus they realize that their plan has been foiled. Dropo, held hostage in a cave, tricks his guard Shim and escapes. Kimar then arrests Voldar, Stobo and Shim. Santa notices Dropo acts like him, and says that Dropo would make a good Martian Santa. Kimar agrees to let Dropo be the Martian Santa Claus and sends Santa and the children back to Earth.'] ['Benjamin  is an aspiring songwriter who attempts to break into the music business by giving a copy of his recording track of a Christmas album to a rap artist named J-Jizzy . Nancy  is a divorced mother, who is too busy taking care of her three children to take care of herself. Her daughter Emily  overhears her mother say that she wished for a compliment from a man, and the daughter tells the local mall\'s Santa Claus about her mother\'s wish. The Santa Claus turns out to be Benjamin, who notices Nancy. Later, while sitting in a Starbucks after his shift as Santa, Benjamin and his friend Jamal  see Nancy go into a dry cleaners. Benjamin borrows Jamal\'s jacket, pretends to drop it off at the cleaners, tells Nancy that she\'s a very attractive woman , and leaves. Eventually, the two start to date and end up falling in love—without Ben realizing that Nancy\'s ex-husband is J-Jizzy. Things take a turn for the worse, however, because Nancy\'s oldest son, John-John  is jealous of Benjamin going out with his mother and plots to break up the relationship. What follows is a series of funny and touching scenes that show viewers what "family" is really about. Queen Latifah and Terrence Howard play omniscient roles in the movie. Howard is a mischievous and sly angel named "Bah Humbug", while Latifah is the kind, thoughtful angel, called "Mrs. Christmas".'] ['{{Plot}} The movie starts as a flashback to Lucy Collins as a little girl. Her mother takes the kids to see a shopping mall Santa Claus, who happens to be the real one. Santa is nearing the end of his 200 year reign as St. Nick, and needs to find a replacement, someone who enjoys the Christmas season and it is shown from the heart. His search involves his hat and an elf assistant named Ralph . Nick puts the hat on every kid. If the hat glows, it means that person has the real Christmas spirit. He sees a lot of kids, and none of them glow. When Lucy sits on his lap, he puts the hat on her and it glows brightly, proving she\'d make a good new Santa Claus, though&mdash;in this flashback&mdash;his reign still has 30–40 years to go. The movie returns to present day. It is Nick\'s last Christmas as Santa, and he must find Lucy again. He locates her in Los Angeles where she works as a network executive for the "Shop-A-Lot" Channel. She seems to have forgotten about the Christmas spirit , and focuses more on her job than her family. Lucy\'s boss  wants a big sales boost for the holiday. He comes up with the idea of hiring a fake Santa Claus to advertise Christmas memorabilia. Lucy holds Santa auditions with mostly horrible participants. Lucy nearly gives up hope, but then sees Nick, who is jolly and obviously loves the season. Lucy hires him. In Nick\'s first few days at work, calls come in big numbers and the network sells more Christmas stuff than any other shopping network. After congratulations and a salary raise, Nick couldn\'t be happier. He walks around the once-unpleasant community and begins to see the Christmas spirit for which he long hoped. After a few days on the job, Nick cultures a close friendship with Lucy. He begins to tell her about his reign and his choosing her as a successor. He says if he doesn\'t find a successor, a giant flood will engulf the world, adding that that was the reason for the Noah\'s Ark story. Lucy finds it ridiculous and tries to stay away from him. One night, Nick goes to her house and tells her truthfully about his search. He tells her to close her eyes. When she opens them, she finds herself with Nick at the North Pole. Unbelievably still unconvinced, Lucy demands Nick send her home. Nick does so, and she wakes up thinking the North Pole had been a dream. She sees Nick on the couch and starts to tell him about the dream. Nick interrupts her to tell her it wasn\'t, and begs her again to put on the Santa hat and become Santa Claus. She still says no. Nick makes his final broadcast on Christmas Eve. In his closing statement, he says to never give up on Christmas spirit, and wishes everyone good luck. Lucy ponders why he says "good luck." After receiving a big thanks from the staff, Nick begins to head back to the North Pole without a successor and preparing for the flood with the elves. Before he leaves Los Angeles, he leaves the hat on Lucy\'s dresser, with a note that says it\'s never too late. When Lucy gets a ride back home from her boss, she begins to believe what Nick said about Christmas, and her role as Santa. Realizing her boss just wants money and could own Christmas, Lucy tells him to pull over, saying that no one owns Christmas. At home, she sees Nick has gone. She finds the hat and the note. Curious, she puts the hat on and it glows brightly. She realizes that she really is Santa. Back at the North Pole, they\'re preparing for the worst. Suddenly, one of the elves sees through a snow globe Lucy celebrating that she\'s Santa. Once Ralph hears about it, he and Nick go to pick up Lucy. Lucy runs out of her apartment and finds Ralph and Santa in the cab. She goes inside and transforms into Santa. Once she has her Santa suit , Nick doesn\'t have his. For the first couple of houses, Nick helps Lucy go down the chimney and deliver the toys. Before they continue, Lucy tells Ralph to stop the sled and go to a church, where her niece is performing in the choir. When she arrives, she catches her niece\'s solo, and congratulates her, her brother, and her mom. Seeing her Santa suit, they seem puzzled. Incredibly, it starts to snow in LA. With surprised faces, people run outside, and see the sleigh. Lucy\'s family begins to realize she is Santa. After Lucy says goodbye to everyone and her family, she, Nick, and Ralph go up and away into the Christmas night.'] ["Spookley the Square Pumpkin was found in the pumpkin patch by Bella and Boris. Two pumpkins aren't very nice to him, so he feels left out. At first the other pumpkins make fun of him because Spookley is square. Jack  allows him to compete in the 'Jack-a-Lympics' contest. He saves the residents of the farm within a storm. He showed kindness to the pumpkins that made fun of him and saved their lives. At the end, it shows the farmer carrying Spookley into his house and shows him on the farmers porch lit up with a candle."] ['A man has to repeat Christmas Day over and over until he realizes how selfish he has become and changes his ways.'] ["Zeus, a Labrador Retriever and a former police dog, has lost his bark after his barking ended up blowing off a five-year investigation and his partner can't shoot straight again and ends up at the pound. He is adopted by George Bannister as both an early Christmas present and as a good guard dog for the house, but the mom is hesitant and didn't want a dog. The dog is left alone on Christmas Eve when the family head off to visit Grandma's house. A pair of burglars, Ted Stein and Stewey McMann break into the family home, and it is up to Zeus to save Christmas for his new family by setting up booby traps to stop them. Zeus soon gets caught by the burglars and they muzzle him and continue to rob the house. Zeus escapes and gets them knocked out by dropping a chandelier on them. The police come and arrest Ted and Stewey and Zeus finally barks. The family come back and see Ted and Stewey getting arrested and spend a Merry Christmas together.<ref namehttp://totallyher.com/the-dog-who-saved-christmas-tv-movie-review/ |titleEve, Sarah |date |publisher2009-12-14}}<ref namehttp://www.blisstree.com/playlibrary/the-dog-who-saved-christmas/ |titleGerlach, Linette |date |publisher2009-12-14}}{{cite web}}"] ['Phineas T. Prune is an old miser who holds the deed to the North Pole. It seems that Santa Claus is behind in paying his rent. Prune plans to have Santa, Mrs. Claus and the elves evicted and keep the Christmas toys. Santa asks Sam Whipple for help. Can Whipple and the children around the world help Santa and prevent Christmas from being cancelled?'] ["Set on Christmas Eve, the film opens with hundreds of elves helming the command centre of Santa's mile-wide,<ref nameWatercutter|firstMaking Arthur Christmas’ Sci-Fi Sleigh|url5624|accessdateWired|date=22 November 2011}} ultra–high-tech sleigh, the S-1. Santa and the elves deliver presents to every child in the world using advanced equipment and military precision. These complex operations are micromanaged by Santa's oldest son Steve and his obsequious elfin assistant Peter  at mission control underneath the North Pole, while Steve's clumsy and panophobic younger brother Arthur answers the letters to Santa. During a delivery operation, when a child wakes up and almost sees Santa, an elf back in the S-1 inadvertently presses a button, causing a present to fall off a conveyor and go unnoticed. Having completed his 70th mission, Santa is portrayed as far past his prime and whose role in field operations now is largely symbolic. Nonetheless, he is held in high esteem, and delivers a congratulatory speech to the enraptured elves. Much to Steve's frustration, who has long anticipated succeeding his father, Santa announces he looks forward to his 71st. During their family Christmas dinner, Arthur's suggestion for the family to play a board game degenerates into a petty quarrel between Santa and Steve, while Grand-Santa, bored by retirement, resentfully criticises their over-modernisation. Distraught, the various family members leave the dinner table. When Arthur humbly compliments Steve that he believes he will be a great Santa Claus, Steve rudely dismisses Arthur's overture; later, their father shares with Mrs. Claus his grave doubts about his self-identity should he retire. Meanwhile, an elf named Bryony finds the missed present—a wrapped bicycle that has yet to be delivered—and alerts Steve and his elf-assistant to the problem. Arthur is alarmed when he recognises the present as a gift for Gwen, a little girl to whom he had personally replied. Arthur alerts his father, who is at a loss as to how to handle the situation; Steve argues that one missed present out of billions is an acceptable error whose correction can wait a few days. Grand-Santa, on the other hand, proposes delivering the gift using Evie, his old wooden sleigh, and the descendants of the original eight reindeer, forcefully whisking away a reluctant Arthur and a stowaway Bryony. They get lost, lose reindeer, and land in danger several times, ultimately being mistaken for aliens and causing an international military incident. Through all this, Arthur eventually learns to his compounding disappointment that Grand-Santa's true motive is to fulfil his ego, that Steve refuses to help them out of petty resentment, and that his own father has gone to bed, apparently content. Finally, stranded in Cuba after losing the sleigh, Arthur renews his sense of purpose—that it all comes down to preventing a child's disappointment—and with Grand-Santa's help manages to recover the sleigh. Meanwhile, the elves grow increasingly alarmed at rumours of this neglected delivery and the Clauses' unthinkable indifference, sending them into a panic. In response, Santa, Mrs. Claus, and Steve take the high-tech sleigh to deliver a superior present—to the wrong child. Santa's navigation error and Steve's mishandling of the mistaken identity throw into sharp relief their intentions against those of Arthur. After much difficulty, and ultimately with Mrs. Claus' and Bryony's help, all the male Clauses arrive at Gwen's house before she awakens, only to have all but Arthur quarrel about who gets to actually place the gift. Noticing that only Arthur truly cares about the girl's feelings, the elder Clauses collectively realise that he is the sole worthy successor. As a result, Santa gives Arthur the honour and Steve forfeits his birthright to his brother. In a fitting conclusion, Gwen glimpses a snow-bearded Arthur in a wind-buffeted sweater just before vanishing into the night. With the crisis resolved, Santa goes into a happy retirement with Mrs. Claus; he also becomes grand-Santa's much-desired new companion. Meanwhile, Steve finds true contentment as Chief Operating Officer while Bryony is promoted to Vice-President of Packing. In a nod to traditionalism once neglected, the high-tech S-1 is re-christened EVIE and refitted to be pulled by a 5000-reindeer team—led by the original eight reindeer, all of whom managed to return safely via innate homing abilities. Finally, Arthur happily guides the entire enterprise in the proper spirit as the new Santa."] ["Set in the fictional town of Thayer, Connecticut, the story focuses on Meredith Morton , a successful Manhattan executive whose uptight, conservative demeanor is a sharp contrast to that of her boyfriend Everett  and his liberal and rambunctious family. Meredith, feeling very much an outsider during the Christmas holidays with Everett's family, opts to stay at the local inn instead of with the family and asks her sister Julie  to join her for support. Everett finds himself attracted to the more outgoing Julie. Meredith desperately tries to fit in, but her strained attempt to play charades and a clumsy effort to engage the family in a dinner table discussion about nature versus nurture and sexual orientation prove to be disastrous and Amy Stone  insults her. Distraught, Meredith attempts to drive off but crashes the car, and Everett's brother Ben  comes to comfort her. The two end up at a local bar where, after several drinks, Meredith lets down her hair, literally and figuratively, and begins to enjoy herself. She invites Amy's high school flame and local paramedic, Brad Stevenson ([[Paul Schneider , to the Stones' for Christmas breakfast. The following morning, when she awakens in Ben's bed, she incorrectly assumes their night of revelry ended with the two sleeping together. Christmas proves to be a day of accusations, recriminations, self-discoveries, and attempts to mend fences. Sybil , who originally refused Everett's request for his grandmother's ring, reconsiders her position and offers it to him; but, by now, his feelings for Meredith have shifted to her sister. In a moment of emotional confusion{{spaced ndash}}or clarity{{spaced ndash}}he asks Julie to try on the ring, and it gets stuck. When Julie and Meredith lock themselves in the bathroom to get the ring off, they assume Everett is about to propose to Meredith. The family exchanges gifts; and Meredith, oblivious to Sybil's failing health, presents each with a framed enlarged photograph of Sybil taken when she was pregnant with Amy. Everyone is touched by her gesture, and Meredith relaxes slightly; but, when Everett asks to talk to her, she demurs again and again until she blurts out that she will not marry him. He counters that he didn't plan to ask her. Meredith breaks down in front of the family. All the personality conflicts come to a head, and everyone begins the process of healing. One year later, the family reunites at the Stone house. Meredith and Ben are a couple, as are Everett and Julie and Amy and Brad. Everett's brother Thad and his partner Patrick have adopted a baby boy named Gus, and Everett's other sister, Susannah, has had her baby. Sybil, who has died, is referenced as the family gathers with family Christmas ornaments around the tree. The framed photograph of Sybil is on the wall next to the tree."] ["Spelling plays Carol Cartman, a conceited sensationalist talk show host. She is cynical, selfish, and generally treats her employees with cold contempt. She has been molded this way by her late Aunt Marla . On Christmas Eve, she is haunted by her Aunt who warns her of the mistake she made and the terrible fate awaiting her if she doesn't change. In the tradition of the original story, she is visited by the Ghosts of Christmas Past, Present and Future. She is shown how she will die alone and unloved if she doesn't change. At the end, she becomes a warm, caring person vowing to make amends. She goes on to her television show and makes a touching speech to her audience about the importance of Christmas and giving. At the very end, the three Christmas Spirits reappear outside Carol's sister's house, where Carol decided to go after all for the holidays, and comment on their work at transforming Carol Cartman, a twist not seen in any adaptation of A Christmas Carol up to then, and which would be repeated three years later, at the end of Bah, Humduck! A Looney Tunes Christmas."] ['The film begins with a flashback to a young Mordechai Jefferson Carver. At school, Mordechai is tormented by his fellow students and his teacher for being a Jewish child in a Christian themed public school, and celebrating Hanukkah while everyone else celebrates Christmas. He feels further alienated as he walks through his neighborhood and sees a seemingly endless number of Christmas decorations and window displays celebrating the holiday and announcing that Jews aren\'t welcome. As he lies down on the sidewalk in front of a store saying "Jews Welcome " and spins his dreidel to cheer himself up Santa Claus walks by and crushes the toy under his foot, then gives Mordechai the finger. The scene then changes to the present with Mordechai as the Hebrew Hammer, a Certified Circumcised Dick who has dedicated his life to defending Jews. His snappy dress  and tough-guy demeanor have made him a local hero within the Jewish community. Jews and African-Americans have enjoyed a tenuous peace with the White Christians over the previous few decades, because the current Santa  has pursued a policy of inclusion and tolerance. This Santa is murdered and replaced by his son, Damian, who seeks to destroy Hanukkah and Kwanzaa thus reserving December for Christmas alone. Mordechai is reluctantly recruited to stop Damian, gaining allies along the way, including love interest and daughter of the Chief of the Jewish Justice League Esther Bloomenbergensteinenthal and the Kwanzaa Liberation Front\'s leader Mohammed Ali Paula Abdul Rahim. The fight takes them to exotic locales such as Israel, K-Mart and a final battle at The North Pole.'] ['Willie T. Stokes works the holiday seasons as a mall Santa with his dwarf friend, Marcus, who works as Santa\'s elf. Every Christmas Eve they disable the security alarm after hours and rob the mall; afterwards, Marcus returns to living with his wife, Lois, while Willie goes to Miami and spends all his money on alcohol and other hedonistic, self-destructive and usually illegal pursuits. The next year at a new mall in Phoenix, Willie\'s alcoholic rants arouse the suspicions of mall Manager Bob Chipeska, who asks Security Chief Gin Slagel to investigate. Willie meets bartender Sue, and they begin a relationship. He also meets a pudgy, preteen boy, whom he nicknames the Kid, during their visit in the mall. When he leaves a bar a hostile man confronts Willie, but the Kid stops the man from beating Willie. A lonely, unpopular boy, the Kid lives with his senile grandmother; his mother is dead and his father is in prison for embezzlement. Willie takes the Kid home and breaks into the safe, taking the money and his father\'s BMW. Irritated by Willie\'s reckless behavior, Marcus berates him for his new car, his alcoholism and his flirtatiousness with customers. When Gin breaks into Willie\'s motel room posing as a police officer, Willie moves in with the Kid. During his time spent with the Kid, Willie starts to show small signs of kindness, offering the Kid advice on fighting and playing checkers. Willie causes more trouble at the mall but continues to spend time with Sue and the Kid. Marcus is continually disgusted by how unreliable Willie has become. Gin, meanwhile, discovers the history of the criminals and he demands half of the loot, creating further friction between Willie and Marcus. Willie goes to the mall drunk and destroys a nativity display. Marcus and Gin try to cover it up, but get into an argument. The next day, Willie tries to commit suicide, giving the Kid a letter explaining the mall robbery. He changes his mind when he sees how the bullies have blackened the Kid\'s eye; Willie beats up the lead bully. Willie feels that he did something good for the first time in his life. To make sure the Kid can defend himself, Willie and Marcus try to teach him how to box. The Kid gives Willie a Christmas present in advance: a wooden pickle he bloodied when he cut himself carving it. He gives Willie a low-grade report card, hoping to make him happy. Willie learns the Kid\'s name is Thurman Merman. Thurman asks for a pink stuffed elephant this year, since he has not received any presents for the past two years. That night, Marcus and Lois murder Gin with their van when he refuses to take less than half the money. On Christmas Eve, Sue helps Willie and Thurman decorate their house for Christmas. Willie leaves to rob the mall with Marcus. After cracking the safe, Willie takes a stuffed elephant for Thurman. However, Marcus produces a gun and plans to kill Willie because he is too unreliable. Willie, in tears, asks Marcus and Lois if they really need everything they steal. Fortunately for Willie, the police arrive, having been tipped off by Willie\'s letter that Thurman gave them. Willie flees and speeds (to the sound of [[Nocturnes, Op. 9  to Thurman\'s house to give him his present; he arrives at the house but the police shoot him eight times in front of the neighborhood. Willie survives and avoids prison time because of the letter and the fact that an unarmed man dressed in a Santa suit getting shot eight times in front of screaming children "is more fucked up than Rodney King", as Willie puts it. The police arrest Marcus and Lois. Sue is legally given guardianship of Thurman and Willie receives a sensitivity trainer job for the police department. Thurman walks outside to fix his new bike. The bully that had previously tormented him is waiting outside his house and confronts him, but Thurman kicks him in the testicles and rides away with a carefree attitude.'] ['The story centers on the lovable Eubie the Elf , whose quest is to bring Christmas joy to an entire town of naughty children in a gloomy little town called Bluesville. Bluesville is a dark miserable town completely surrounded by cliffs on all sides, completely blocking the sun so that it only shines on Bluesville for a short time, when it\'s directly over the town. Because the town is so dark and gloomy, people never smile, and are put off by seeing Eubie smiling all the time, as his optimistic happiness makes him stick out in the gloomy town. Because people are so miserable in Bluesville, nobody knows how to tell a joke properly. Most of the people work at a place known as "The What Factory", where all the world\'s question marks are manufactured . Also, at the Bluesville school, recess only lasts for one minute . Eubie talks to the mayor about what is wrong with Bluesville, he explains everything in a song. Eubie asks the mayor if there\'s anything about Bluesvill that makes him feel proud, to which the mayor replies that Bluesvill is the world\'s largest manufacturer of non-flammable coal, which children enjoy throwing at people. The mayor then makes a deal with Eubie. The mayor promises Eubie that if he can find another use for non-flammable coal, he\'ll put a Christmas tree up in the town square. Eubie\'s first plan on getting the kids to help him make Bluesville a happier place is having them gather on a busy street and start a pie fight, but that only makes all the people angry. To search for more help, Molly , one naughty 10-year-old, takes Eubie to downtown Bluesville, the most miserable part of Bluesville, for a meeting of a group called S.L.O.B. , which only has one member of its group. While there, Molly and Eubie meets up with Curtis , who is there because he brought along his foreign friend, Yope, who doesn\'t speak English, but is happy to be there. Molly soon decides that Eubie\'s plans are hopeless, and tells him to just take all his big ideas home. At the mention of that, Eubie gets another idea, and is about to implement it when the lights in the room go off and Eubie is taken back to the North Pole. In his bid to get Bluesville off the Naughty List, Eubie violated several rules in one day. As punishment, Santa had Eubie turn in his hat, which, at the North Pole, meant his Christmas happiness and powers were taken away. When Gilda , Eubie\'s friend, learns of this, she motivates him to go back to Bluesville to finish his job, and gives him her hat to restore his powers and happiness. He then returns to Bluesville and explains to the kids his plan, and why they should do it in the form of a song, they get to work. That night, they give the mayor of Bluesville a bottle of anti-snore medicine in his sleep, while Eubie spends the night waxing all the cliffs surrounding Bluesville. While he is doing this, Derek, another friend of his, notices Gilda doesn\'t have her hat on, he soon figures out what is going on and, trying to follow the North Pole rules, he notifies one of the higher-ups. When Eubie has finished waxing the cliffsides of Bluesville, he says to himself that he has one thing left to do, but before he can do that, the same elves who took him back to the North Pole the first time come back to retrieve him again. This time, both are put on punishment and are sentenced to clean up the toy factory, with both their hats taken away. Derek, now alone at the Christmas office party, is sad and mad with himself for betraying his friends, and confesses to what he did to Eubie and Gilda. They forgive him, but it only makes him feel worse about himself, considering what he did to them. While wondering what he can do to make it up to them, they have him do the one thing Eubie intended to do to finish making Bluesville a happier place. When the sun shines over Bluesville again, people once again expect it to only last it usual four seconds, but after it disappears over the cliffsides again, leaving the people disappointed at not having the sun shine on them longer, the sun reflects of the freshly waxed walls, filling the whole town of Bluesville experience more sun than it\'s ever had before, making them feel happier than they had ever been in their lives. At the What Factory, the machine had been tampered with, so rather than grey question marks, the machine now produced different-coloured exclamation points of all shapes and sizes, which pleasantly surprises the factory workers. At the school, when recess starts, the bell has an elve\'s shoe placed over the ringer, blocking it from ringing the bell, which makes the kids ecstatic that they can continue playing. Molly comes out of the school, where Derek meets her. He tells her to find the mayor and give him a jar of wax, and a piece of non-flammable cole that was squeezed into a diamond , and to tell her that Eubie was sorry he couldn\'t be there. Molly happily goes to leave the schoolyard to find the mayor, but stays for a while to allow Curtis to tell a story that\'s actually funny. Molly finds the mayor and shows him the items in question, showing the mayor that there was indeed another use for non-flammable coal, the mayor remembers back to when he was a child and the town had a Chrtmas tree with a star on top that shined just like the coal. The mayor makes good on his word, putting up a Christmas Tree in the town square. That Christmas, Santa decides to make Eubie, Gilda, and Derek his sleigh crew that year for bringing joy to Bluesville, which has soon changed its name to Joyville.'] ['After Luther Krank  and Nora Krank  see their daughter, Blair  depart for a Peace Corps assignment in Peru on the Sunday following Thanksgiving, empty nest syndrome sets in. Luther calculates the couple spent $6,132 during the previous year\'s holiday season and, not looking forward to celebrating Christmas without their daughter, he suggests they invest the money usually spent on decorations, gifts, and entertainment and treat themselves to a ten-day Caribbean cruise instead. Skeptical at first, Nora finally agrees under the condition that they still give a donation to the church and Children\'s Hospital. Luther tries to refuse but finally agrees and they begin planning the trip. The Kranks are amazed to discover they are considered pariahs as a result of their decision. Luther\'s co-workers think he has become Ebenezer Scrooge when he gives all his employees letters that state about his Christmas boycott, local stationer Aubie is distressed to lose the couple\'s order for their engraved greeting cards and Christmas Eve party invitations, the Boy Scout troop is upset and angered when the Kranks refuse to purchase one of their Christmas trees to help the scouts make enough money for a camporee, and the police are stunned to discover they won\'t be buying this year\'s calendar from them. Most vocal in their objections are neighbors Vic Frohmeyer  and Walt Scheel . Vic, who\'s the unelected leader of the street, organizes a campaign to force the Kranks to decorate their home so Hemlock Street won\'t lose the coveted award for best decorations. Walt doesn\'t seem to like Luther, so his efforts are primarily personal. However, it is revealed that Walt\'s wife Bev is suffering from cancer, perhaps dampening his holiday spirits. Children picket, led by Vic\'s son Spike , neighbors constantly call, and Christmas carolers try to revive the Kranks\' holiday spirit by singing on their lawn which Luther stops them by freezing his front lawn. Even the newspaper gets into the act by publishing a front page story complete with a photograph of the unlit Krank house and states that the Kranks\' street has lost the prize and won sixth place because of how Luther and Nora refused to decorate their house. Still, Luther and Nora continue to stand their ground. The two are in the process of packing on Christmas Eve morning when they receive a call from Blair, who announces she\'s at Miami International Airport, en route home with her Peruvian fiancé as a surprise for her parents. She\'s anxious to introduce Enrique to her family\'s holiday traditions, and when she asks if they\'re having their usual party that night, a panicked Nora says yes, much to Luther\'s dismay. Comic chaos ensues as the couple finds themselves trying to decorate the house and coordinate a party with only twelve hours to spare before their daughter and future son-in-law arrive. While Nora scrambles to find food, especially Blair\'s favorite ham, Luther buys a tree from the Boy Scouts but they only have one left; a dead, ugly, non-green tree. Luther buys it anyway but rejects it by throwing it in his backyard. While Spike leads a picket at the Kranks\', Luther arranges to borrow the tree of neighbor Wes Trogdon who is going away for a couple of days. Luther and Spike try to transport it across the street on Spike\'s Radio Flyer wagon, only for the neighbors to confuse this to be Luther stealing the family\'s Christmas tree, and to be stopped by the police, who assume they have stopped a robbery in progress. Spike comes to Luther\'s rescue. Nora comes home enraged at Luther for making the borrowed Christmas tree a "Disaster" and how she had to buy "Smoked Trout" to replace the honey ham . Once it is established why Luther is trying frantically to decorate his home, the neighbors, led by Vic, come out full force to help him and Nora ready it for Blair. Blair calls to say she landed from Miami. After giving everybody including Blair and Enrique, an unthankful and non-friendly toast, Luther tries to convince Nora to accept the cruise when she confronts him for the toast, but she refuses, disgusted that he isn\'t happy that Blair\'s home. Luther sadly slips out of the house and goes across the street to the Scheel home. Bev\'s cancer, once in remission, has returned and, knowing this may be their last holiday together, Luther insists they take the cruise in place of him and Nora, going so far as to offer to take care of their hated cat, Muffles, who\'s always under Luther\'s foot. At first they decline, but ultimately they accept his generosity, and Luther, whose holiday spirit has been renewed, realizes that skipping Christmas wasn\'t as good an idea as he had originally thought.'] ["The film begins with Tigger wanting to ski, but Winnie the Pooh and Piglet point out that there's no snow. So, they go ask Rabbit what day of the year it is. Rabbit's calendar pages blow away, but he doesn't realize it, and claims that it's February 2,, Groundhog Day. In an effort to find out if there are two more weeks of winter or if spring comes tomorrow, they ask Gopher if he sees his shadow. Gopher angrily points out he's a gopher not a groundhog, so they have Piglet pretend to be a groundhog. He can't see through his mask, so they all prepare for spring by airing out their houses, planting gardens and spring cleaning. But, later that day, it snows. Rabbit confronts Piglet and tells him that it's all his fault, and goes home to see that his calendar pages are on the floor, and realizes that it's not Groundhog Day, it's only November 13,. Feeling awful for what he said, Rabbit goes to apologize to Piglet, only to find a note from Piglet saying that he's gone to look for a real groundhog. Rabbit frantically goes looking for Piglet. Meanwhile, Piglet can't find a groundhog, and decides to go home after a pile of snow falls on him, and he leaves his hat behind on the pile of snow. Rabbit finds the pile of snow. Thinking that it's Piglet frozen solid, he rushes to Pooh's house, where he, Tigger and Pooh melt the ice. Thinking that Piglet has melted, Rabbit cries, and apologizes for everything, only to realize that the real Piglet is behind him. Rabbit tells everyone that it's November 13,. So, they decide to get ready for Thanksgiving. When Thanksgiving arrives, Pooh is at his house, when Christopher Robin arrives, and they talk about the celebration at Rabbit's house later that day. Pooh then dances around the Hundred Acre Wood singing about Thanksgiving. Everyone, except Christopher Robin, arrives at Rabbit's house with food that they each brought. Rabbit tells everyone that what they brought is not a traditional Thanksgiving dinner. He assigns Owl to wash the dishes, Gopher to make the pumpkin pie, Tigger and Eeyore to pick cranberries, and most importantly Pooh and Piglet are to get the turkey. Gopher literally blows up a pumpkin to make the pumpkin pie. Tigger and Eeyore gather up cranberries, while Tigger sings a silly song about berries. But, on their way back to Rabbit's house, they realize that there's a hole in their sack, and go to pick some more cranberries, only to fall into Pooh and Piglet's turkey trap. Thinking that they've captured a turkey, Pooh and Piglet take the sack to Rabbit. Gopher arrives with the pie, and sits it on the table next to the sack that Tigger and Eeyore are in. Everyone is scared to open the sack, but Tigger and Eeyore brake out, and Tigger accidentally throws the pie, but then Rabbit catches it, only to have Tigger scare him, and it hits him in the face. Everyone disappointedly goes home. Pooh realizes that if they all share the food they originally brought, they can have a great Thanksgiving. So, he gathers up everyone, and they surprise Rabbit with the Thanksgiving dinner they've set up. They are joined by Christopher Robin, who proposes a toast, with lemonade, to the best Thanksgiving celebration ever. Everyone sings about what Thanksgiving is really about, friends. A month later, on Christmas Eve, everyone, except Christopher Robin and Gopher, are at Rabbit's house decorating. Roo is worried that Santa won't like his cookies, but Kanga assures him that Santa will love his cookies. Tigger arrives with a special delivery from Kessie, a bird that Rabbit took care of. Roo is curious and asks who Kessie is. So, Rabbit tells him the whole story. Rabbit, Tigger, Piglet, and Pooh Bear are desperately trying to save a carrot during a blizzard. They hear a cry for help, and see a baby bluejay hanging onto a tree. Rabbit begins to panic, and rushes to his house to get a ladder. But because of the wind, Rabbit, Piglet, Tigger, and Pooh end up flying on Rabbit's front door. Rabbit catches the bluejay in Pooh's hunny pot, and they crash into Rabbit's house. Rabbit decides to take care of the baby bluejay, who calls herself Kessie, himself. After a mishap with a bath that Pooh and Piglet gave her, Kessie winds up in a bubble, and when it pops, Rabbit catches her, and tells her to never go up so high again. In the summer, an older Kessie holds onto Tigger's back, while he bounces onto a large tree, which falls, leaving Kessie and Tigger hanging on for dear life. Rabbit arrives to help, but Kessie slips from Rabbit's hand, and plummets off the cliff. Rabbit tries to go after her, but Tigger manages to get off the tree and stop him, telling Rabbit that Kessie is gone. They hug and cry. Meanwhile, Kessie is still plummeting and Owl arrives and tells her to flap her wings. Back on top of the hill Rabbit sadly says that he never told Kessie that he loved her. Kessie and Owl arrive, and Kessie and Rabbit hug. Kessie tells Rabbit that Owl is going to teach her how to fly. Rabbit refuses to let her fly, and with that, they go home. In the fall, Rabbit is reading Kessie a story about a princess, and a knight. Kessie looks out the window to see other birds flying South for the winter. She announces that she's going to go outside. For days, she tries to fly, but is caught by Pooh, who promises not to tell Rabbit. Pooh, Tigger, and Piglet have an idea on how to get Kessie South for the winter, a giant slingshot. When Kessie is about to take off, Rabbit arrives, and stops her. He yells at Pooh, and tells Tigger to let go of the slingshot. Tigger lets go, and Rabbit is hit, and falls off the same cliff Kessie had fallen off of that summer. Kessie quickly swoops down, and grabs Rabbit, and brings him back to the top. Now that Kessie can fly, she plans on going South the next day. That night, Rabbit is sadly looking at Kessie's stuffed bunny. Kessie asks Rabbit to read her one last bedtime story, but Rabbit claims that Kessie doesn't need him for anything, and goes to bed. Kessie cries all night. The next morning, Owl, Pooh, Piglet, and Tigger say goodbye to Kessie as she prepares to fly South. Meanwhile, Rabbit is in his garden feeling sad, and stubs his toe on a potted carrot, that Kessie had planted. He rushes to say goodbye to Kessie, but finds he's too late, Kessie is gone. He begins to cry, but Kessie comes back to say goodbye. Later that day, Pooh and Piglet are relaxing by Christopher Robin's favorite tree talking about how Rabbit loved Kessie, and how they can't wait to see her again. They look down below them to see Rabbit sitting by another tree. Back in the present, Rabbit tells Roo that he hasn't seen Kessie since then. Rabbit looks at his clock to see that it's getting late, and hurries everyone outside to decorate a tree. Christopher Robin arrives to help decorate. After the tree is done, Rabbit realizes he forgot the most important part, a star to go on top of the tree. Rabbit is really sad, but then sees a falling star. Everyone gathers to make a wish, only to realize that it's not a falling star, it's Kessie holding a star, which she puts on the tree. Rabbit and Kessie hug, and Kessie wishes Rabbit a Merry Christmas, ending the film."] [' Huey, Dewey and Louie wake up on a Christmas morning and open up their presents, even though they are supposed to first wait for Daisy, Uncle Scrooge, and Aunt Gertie to arrive. After the boys took their new sleds from Uncle Donald  and went sledding, had a Christmas dinner, and sang carols, it was time for them to go to bed. Having enjoyed the day immensely, the boys then wish that it would be Christmas every day. Their wish is granted and at first the three are joyful. After a few days, however, they begin to get sick of Christmas, so they then decide to change the course of the day by making tricks and pranks, including swapping the cooked turkey with a live one for the dinner table. The day turns out to be a bad Christmas. After learning how hard their family had tried to make the holiday better for them, the boys become guilty for their pranks. They then decide to make amends and turn the next day the best Christmas Day ever, thus ending the time loop.  Goofy and Max are mailing out a letter to Santa Claus. However, as soon as they get home, Pete, the neighbor, tells Max that Santa doesn\'t exist as he quotes "Well think of it. An old guy in a red suit? Crusing the whole entire world in one night? Using reindeer what fly? Why it\'s practicaly impossible! Look kid, I\'ve been around, see? Been all the foreign lands, Brooklyn included, and I\'ve never seen, nor met a soul who\'s seen, this Santy Claus fellow." Things get worse when Goofy poses as Santa for some kids and Max finds out that he tricked him. Goofy is determined to prove to Max that Santa does exist and even stays up all Christmas Eve to keep an eye out for him. But after falling off the roof, Goofy gives up hope of Santa coming. Now, Max does everything that Goofy did to make his father happy, including posing as Santa. In the end, the real Santa actually comes and gives Max the gift the boy asked for earlier . This segment of Mickey\'s Once Upon a Christmas chronologically precedes the cartoon series, Goof Troop.  Based on the story by O. Henry. Mickey wants to get Minnie a gold chain for her one heirloom, her watch, so he works at Crazy Pete\'s Tree Lot. Minnie wants to give Mickey something special for Christmas as well, so she works hard to get her special bonus. However, Pete takes all of Mickey\'s money when he ruins his chance of selling an expensive 10-footer to a poor family and Minnie\'s bonus proves to be nothing but a fruit cake. After playing music for a toy drive with the Firehouse Five, Mickey has the idea that he can trade his harmonica for the chain. Back at Minnie\'s house, Mickey gives her the chain for her watch and Minnie gives him a case for his harmonica. Of course, the irony is that Minnie no longer has her watch—just as Mickey no longer has his harmonica—so the gifts are essentially useless. As in the classic Gift of the Magi upon which this adaptation—penned by Richard Cray—is based, the thought behind each gift is what counts.http://www.blockbusteronline.com/movies/mickeys-once-upon-a-christmas.html In "The Gift of Magi", Mickey\'s dance moves are very similar to his dance routine in the 1942 theatrical short, "Mickey\'s Birthday Party".'] ['The film begins with a voiceover from David  commenting that whenever he gets gloomy with the state of the world he thinks about the arrivals terminal at Heathrow Airport, and the pure uncomplicated love felt as friends and families welcome their arriving loved ones. David\'s voiceover also relates that all the messages left by the people who died on the 9/11 planes were messages of love and not hate. The film then tells the \'love stories\' of many people:  With the help of his longtime manager Joe , aging rock and roll legend Billy Mack  records a Christmas variation of The Troggs\' classic hit "Love Is All Around". Although he thinks the record is terrible, Mack promotes the release in the hope it will become the Christmas number one single. The song does go to number one; after briefly celebrating his victory at a party hosted by Sir Elton John, Billy recognises that Joe is the "love" of his life  and suggests that he and Joe celebrate Christmas by getting drunk and watching porn.  Juliet  and Peter  are wed in a lovely ceremony orchestrated and videotaped by Mark , Peter\'s best friend and best man. One day Juliet arrives unexpectedly at Mark\'s apartment and watches his video, discovering that the footage is entirely of her. This confuses Juliet, who thought Mark didn\'t like her: He never talked to her, avoided her, and was generally distant and uncomfortable around her. He blurts out that he acts that way for \'self-preservation\', and she finally realises that he\'s always been head over heels for her, but has kept it to himself out of respect for her and Peter\'s relationship. At Christmas Mark takes a moment to truly confess his unrequited love for Juliet , which Juliet acknowledges by giving him a kiss.  Writer Jamie  first appears preparing to attend Juliet and Peter\'s wedding. His girlfriend  misses the ceremony to sleep with his brother. Crushed by this, Jamie retires to his French cottage where he meets Portuguese housekeeper Aurélia , who speaks only her native tongue. There is an instant attraction between the two. When Jamie returns to England he realises he is in love with Aurélia. In the following times, Jamie learns Portuguese and goes back to propose to her. When he does propose to her she says yes, and it is revealed that she has been learning English to communicate with Jamie.  Harry  is the managing director of a design agency; Mia  is his new secretary. For Christmas he buys her an expensive necklace from jewelery salesman Rufus , who elaborately wraps while Harry becomes increasingly nervous with the fear of detection. Meanwhile, Harry\'s wife Karen  is busy dealing with their children, Daisy  and Bernard , who are appearing in the school Nativity play. She voices her fears about Harry to her brother David , who just became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, and her friend Daniel , who has just lost his wife. Karen discovers the necklace in Harry\'s coat pocket and initially assumes it is a gift for her; she later confronts Harry over the necklace and he admits his foolishness.  Karen\'s brother, David , is the recently elected Prime Minister. Natalie  is a new junior member of the household staff at 10 Downing Street and serves his tea and biscuits. Something seems to click between them. David walks in to find the U.S. President  attempting to seduce Natalie, which inspires him to take a stand against the bullying President\'s policies. Finding that his relationship with Natalie has become strained, David has her moved to another job, but later comes across a Christmas card from Natalie ending with a declaration of her love for him. He eventually finds Natalie at her family\'s home, seeing that they are on the way to the local school for the nativity play . He drives her family to the play, and the two watch the show from backstage, their budding relationship exposed when a curtain is raised on them kissing at the end of the pageant\'s big finale.  Daniel , Karen\'s friend, and his stepson Sam  fend for themselves as they mourn the loss of their wife and mother, Joanna. Sam has fallen for American classmate, also named Joanna , and, after discussion with his stepfather, decides to learn the drums so that he can accompany her in the big finale for their school\'s Christmas pageant . After Sam feels that he missed his chance to make an impression on her, Daniel convinces Sam that he must go catch Joanna, who is returning to the US, at the airport that night and show her how he feels, lest he regret it for his whole life. Sam runs away from the airport security and says hi to Joanna, who then kisses him on the cheek. Meanwhile, Daniel, who admires supermodel Claudia Schiffer meets Carol  the parent of another of Sam\'s school mates.  Sarah  first appears at Juliet and Peter\'s wedding, sitting next to her friend Jamie. We learn she works at Harry\'s graphic design company, where she has been in love for years with the company\'s creative director, Karl . A tryst between Karl and her is interrupted by a phone call from Sarah\'s mentally ill brother, Michael ([[Michael Fitzgerald , and this effectively ends their relationship. On Christmas Eve, she visits her brother at the institution where he lives, wrapping a scarf around him as he hugs her.  After several blunders attempting to woo various English women, including Nancy , the caterer at Juliet and Peter\'s wedding, as well as Mia, Colin Frissell  informs his friend Tony  he plans to go to the US and find love there, convinced that his Britishness will be an asset to him in a foreign country. Landing in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, Colin meets Stacey , Jeannie , and Carol-Anne , three stunningly attractive women who fall for his Basildon accent and invite him to stay at their home, where they are joined by roommate Harriet .  John  and Judy , meet as body doubles for the sex scenes in a film where Tony is a production assistant. John tells Judy that "it is nice to have someone [he] can just chat to." While the two are perfectly comfortable being naked and simulating sex on-set, they are shy and tentative off-set; they carefully pursue a relationship, and see the play  at the local school together with John\'s brother.  Rufus is a minor, but significant, character played by Rowan Atkinson, the jewellery salesman whose obsessive attention to gift-wrapping nearly gets Harry caught by Karen buying Mia\'s necklace. Also, it is his distraction of staff at the airport which allows Sam to sneak through to see Joanna. In the director and cast commentary, it is revealed that Rufus was originally supposed to be a Christmas Angel, however it was dropped from the final script.  In the epilogue set one month later, the film\'s characters are seen to be in relationships. However, two of the relationships are not romantic - those of rock star Billy Mack and his manager Joe and of long-suffering Sarah and her institutionalised brother Michael. Billy arrives with a gorgeous groupie in tow to be greeted by Joe and indicating that his comeback has remained successful. Juliet, Peter, and Mark come to meet Jamie and his new bride Aurelia, showing both that they have married and that Mark is learning to cope better with the romantic triangle. Karen and the kids greet a returning Harry confirming that they have survived their relationship crisis and reconciled. Sam greets Joanna who has returned with her mother from the US as Daniel looks on, joined by his new girlfriend Carol and her son. John and Judy run into Tony, who is there to meet Colin on his return from the US; they are shown to be just married and off to their honeymoon. Colin returns with the gorgeous Harriet in tow, and Harriet\'s younger sister Carla  and Tony are immediately struck by each other. Natalie is seen welcoming David back in front of press cameras, indicating that their relationship is now public. These scenes dissolve into live-footage of actual arrivals at Heathrow Airport, which divide the screen and eventually form a heart as The Beach Boys\' "God Only Knows" plays on.'] ['One Christmas Eve in present day Tokyo, three homeless people &mdash; {{nihongo}}, a middle-aged alcoholic, {{nihongo}}, a transwoman and former drag queen, and {{nihongo}}, a runaway girl &mdash; discover an abandoned newborn while searching in some trash. Deposited with the unnamed baby is a note asking the finder to take good care of her and a bag containing clues to the parent\'s identity. The trio sets out to find the baby\'s parents. The baby is named Kiyoko, "pure child" as she is born on Christmas Eve. Outside a cemetery, the group encounters a high-ranking yakuza man trapped under his car. The man happens to know the owner of the club Kiyoko\'s mother used to visit; he is getting married to the man\'s daughter. At the wedding, the groom tells them that the baby\'s mother is a former club member named Sachiko. He gives them Sachiko\'s address, but the party is interrupted when a maid is revealed to be a Latin American hit man in disguise, attempting to shoot the bride\'s father with a Tokarev TT-33, the hit man kidnaps Miyuki and the baby and takes them back to his home. There, Miyuki befriends the hit man\'s wife and shows her some pictures of her family. Hana searches for Miyuki and Kiyoko while Gin takes care of an old homeless man whom he finds dying in the street. The old man dies after giving Gin a little red bag. Some teenagers show up to beat Gin and the deceased old man. Meanwhile, Hana finds the girls and they go off to find a place to stay. Hana takes them to a club she used to work at. Gin, who was found by another member of the club, is also there. The trio sets out to find Sachiko\'s house. They\'re informed of the unhappy marriage Sachiko shares with her husband. The group rests at a store until they are told to leave by the shopkeeper. Hana collapses and is taken to a hospital. At the hospital, Gin finds his daughter who works as a nurse. Hana humiliates Gin in front of his daughter and storms out of the hospital. Miyuki follows with Kiyoko. Hana and Miyuki find Sachiko about to jump off a bridge. Sachiko insists that her husband got rid of the baby without her knowledge, and they return it to her. Meanwhile, Gin finds Sachiko\'s husband, who reveals that Kiyoko is actually a baby that Sachiko stole from the hospital. The chase for Sachiko and the baby begins. After an intense car chase through the city, Miyuki follows Sachiko as she escapes to the top of a building. Sachiko tries to jump off the building, but her husband comes out of his apartment  and encourages her to start a new life. Sachiko jumps off nevertheless and accidentally drops the baby off of the building. Hana jumps after Kiyoko. She catches the baby and miraculously lands safely. Hana, Miyuki, and Gin are taken to the hospital. Miyuki hands Gin his cigarettes and drops the old man\'s small red bag on the floor, revealing a winning lottery ticket. Kiyoko\'s real parents want to ask the trio to become her godparents. When a police inspector introduce them to the trio, the inspector is revealed to be Miyuki\'s father.'] ['The Peace Tree tells the story of two little girls, one Muslim and one Christian, who dream of celebrating each other’s festivals, Christmas and Eid. But when they share their dreams, they are met with resistance from their parents who express their concerns. Through their struggles, they create a unique symbol -- The Peace Tree, a tree that highlights the symbols from all our cultures and faiths to reflect the beauty of "diversity in unity". The Peace Tree shares the voices of the children who try to enlighten their parents to the importance of sharing and celebrating diversity together. The Peace Tree has been invited to over 50 film festivals including Tribeca Film Festival and received twelve international awards.'] ['Scott Calvin/Santa Claus , and his wife, Carol , are expecting their first child as Christmas Eve approaches. Carol is missing her family, so Scott invites his in-laws, Silvia and Bud Newman , up to the North Pole, along with his ex-wife, Laura , her husband, Neil , and their daughter, Lucy , to keep Mrs. Claus company. Meanwhile, he is summoned to a meeting of the Council of Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature , Father Time , the Easter Bunny , Cupid , the Tooth Fairy , and the Sandman . Jack Frost  also arrives and is in trouble. He is jealous that he has no holiday or special occasion in his honor, and has been promoting himself during the Christmas season. Mother Nature accuses him of attempting to upstage Santa, and suggests sanctions against him. Frost manages to negotiate a light sentence of community service at the North Pole, but immediately sets out to sabotage operations there. His ultimate goal is to trick Santa into renouncing his position, and he sneaks into Santa\'s closet of snowglobes and steals the one that involkes the escape clause . When Lucy discovers this crime Jack Frost blackmails her by freezing her parents to force her to remain silent. Jack Frost causes trouble for the family that makes Scott think that he must resign to make things better; Jack tricks Scott into invoking the escape clause and gets to Santa\'s fallen coat first thus making him top man; Santa. Frost in his Santa job exploits the North Pole into a carnival and through shameless self-promotion, turning it into a tourist trap on the globe with the elves\' forced labor where people pay to have kids put on the nice list or to pay to make a toy for the naughty kids. Scott is sent back to the present, where he has been the CEO for his old company for the last twelve years and works even on Christmas Eve. His non-Santa life is a disappointment, with his business taking priority over everything and his son loathing him for his lack of attention over the years. Scott promises to set things right and so wanting his Santa job back he flies to the North Pole and sees the offensive North Pole carnival. He confronts Jack Frost as Santa who is still aware of his trickery on Scott and realizing he cannot reform Frost Scott tricks Jack Frost into putting his voice of the escape clause on a microphone like pen and then has Lucy who is attending the carnival go steal the snowglobe and bring it to him; Jack Frost finds out and takes the globe but Scott then records Jack saying "I wish I\'d never been Santa at all" thus invoking the escape clause and causing him and Jack to be sent back to the time when Scott became Santa for the first time and letting Scott restrain Jack enough to let his past figure of Scott get the coat thus making him Santa again and taking him back to the North Pole and the family where no time has passed since. Scott back as Santa, when entering the toy factory reconciles with his family and is happier until he sees Lucy finally get the courage to inform Scott what Frost did to her parents; Jack is arrested by elf police officers and he reveals that he cannot unfreeze his victims unless he is unfrozen himself; Scott and Lucy then use a gift Scott gave her; a snowglobe of her warmly hugging a snowman, to unfreeze Frost and reform him to thus resolve the conflicts in the movie; in the ending Santa sees Buddy Claus get born just 3 hours before he must deliver Christmas gifts.'] ["Father Jonathan Keene comes to a small fishing village a week before Christmas to shut down a dying parish. But when he encounters the lives of the people who populate this village, Keene undergoes a transformation of the heart, which culminates with a revelation of Keene's secret past at the town's legendary Mrs. Worthington's Christmas Party."] ['Angela loves Christmas more than anything. However, her family does not share her love for the holiday at all. When she is about to break down because of her family, she receives a snowglobe in the mail. When she opens up the snowglobe, she is transported into the world inside, where Christmas is the heart and soul for everyone who lives there. She discovers she can return to her world by going down a small path in the small forest at the edge of the village, and can return whenever she winds up the snowglobe. After a long set of visits to the globe, she accidentally gets trapped inside.'] ['Eight years have gone by since divorced father Scott Calvin  first took up the Santa Claus suit, and became subject to The Santa Clause. Now he is at the top of his game at the North Pole and could not be happier, at least until Bernard  and Curtis , the Keeper of the Handbook of Christmas break the news that there is another clause - the "Mrs. Clause" that is so old it had only just been noticed hidden in the contract. Santa/Scott now has to get married before the next Christmas Eve, or the clause will be broken and Christmas will die away. At the same time, Abby the Elf  delivers news that is more distressing; his 16-year-old son, Charlie , is on the naughty list. It then cuts to him one night defacing the walls of the school gymnasium from the skywindow until he is caught by Principal Carol Newman . Scott must return to his hometown to search for a wife and set things right with Charlie. He even brings this up when visited by the Council of Legendary Figures consisting of Mother Nature , Father Time , Cupid , the Easter Bunny , the Tooth Fairy , and the Sandman . In the meantime, Scott stays with his ex-wife Laura  and her husband Neil . The two have grown to adore and idolize him simply because he\'s Santa. They now have a daughter named Lucy  who sees Scott as an uncle-figure but suspects that he\'s Santa Claus. To cover for Santa\'s prolonged absence, Curtis helps him create a life-size toy replica of him, much to Bernard\'s horror. However, this larger-than-life legalist cannot find any grace, mercy, or slack in his plastic heart for minor infractions by children all over the world, having followed the handbook too strictly. Toy Santa takes control of the North Pole, turns it into a strict and evil government, with a duplicated army of life-size toy soldiers and he puts Bernard under house arrest when Bernard attempts to tell the elves that Toy Santa is a fake. He thinks that everyone is naughty,  and he plans to give the entire world lumps of coal. Because of the impending end of his contract, Scott undergoes a "de-Santafication process" which gradually turns him back into Scott Calvin. He has a limited amount of magic to help him. He attempts to reconcile with Charlie, who keeps vandalizing his school to get attention. They both hit the cold hard wall of Principal Carol Newman when Charlie defaces the lockers. Charlie confesses to Scott how hard it is for him that Scott is never around like other fathers, and reveals the stress he is under to conceal the secret that his father is Santa. Scott vows to try harder as a dad, and they reconcile. After a few failed dates, Scott finds himself falling for Carol. He accompanies her in a sleigh to their school faculty Christmas party, which turns out to be dull and boring. Using a little of his Christmas magic, he livens it up by presenting everyone with their childhood dream gifts . He makes a special presentation to Carol, and, with his last remnant of magic, wins her over and they kiss passionately. However, she balks when he attempts to explain that he is Santa, believing that he is mocking her childhood, until Charlie manages to convince her by showing her his magic snow globe. Curtis flies in to deliver the dreadful news about the Evil Toy Santa\'s coal binge and urges him to return to the North Pole to save Christmas. Unfortunately, Scott has used up the last of his magic wooing Carol, Comet has eaten too many chocolate bars and Curtis\' jetpack has been destroyed upon arrival. After convincing the Tooth Fairy that he is Santa Claus, the Tooth Fairy flies Scott and Curtis back to the North Pole but they are captured by the toy soldiers. Toy Santa wastes no time in tying him up with Curtis, but Charlie and a now-believing Carol spring him free by summoning the Tooth Fairy to fly them there after Charlie lost a tooth. He goes after Toy Santa, who has already left with the sleigh, riding Chet, a reindeer-in-training, and they both battle over the reindeer. With an army of elves, Carol, Bernard, Charlie, and Curtis lead a snowball war to overthrow the toy soldiers. During the battle, Toy Santa and Scott accidentally causes the sleigh to crash back into the village . Toy Santa is forcibly restrained by the elves and is reduced to his normal six-inch height. Scott marries Carol in a ceremony presided over by Mother Nature herself. He transforms back into Santa, and Christmas proceeds as it always has and he and Carol have a three month honeymoon to go on the next day. In addition, he and Charlie reveal the truth to Lucy about him being Santa Claus so she is now in on the secret, as well as pick up Comet.'] ['A Grinch-like thief retreats to her hometown in Connecticut after a con goes bad and gets stuck baby-sitting her niece and nephew until their parents can make it home for Christmas. She spends most of her time devising ways to even the score with Clive, her partner in crime, until the spirit of the holidays can help put her priorities back on track.'] ['{{plot}} The film starts off with a snowglobe being placed on a mantle the camera then zooms into the snowglobe showing the Parker-Nichols home. Walter ([[Jonathan Goldstein  and Audrey ([[Nancy Sullivan  as they leave for a tropical vacation. Drake  and Megan  return home and Josh  shows them his snowman air balloon decoration. Megan cuts the string, making the snowman glide away leading to Josh running after it. The scene shifts to Drake and Josh going to the Premiere. Drake tells Josh that he will be throwing a Christmas party on the roof of the Premiere, which Josh doesn\'t approve of at first because he is not sure that Helen  would approve. Drake tells him that he has already talked to Helen about it and that its alright as long as she is invited . Helen hands Drake a Santa costume to wear in the mall. Josh is upset because Helen told him that he couldn\'t be Santa . Meanwhile Audrey and Walter make it to their island, which turns out to be a disaster. Back at the mall, Drake makes out with a teenage girl. Josh is annoyed and tries to get their attention eventually yelling "Santa!!" at which point they break and Drake pulls his beard back up and says "And that\'s for being such a good girl". One of the other people, which happens be to an overweight woman who likes Drake, waiting in line for Santa says "I want some of what that girl was having", climbs on Drake, starting to chase him eventually leading him to steal an old ladies electronic wheelchair to flee from her shouting "Santa\'s not looking for a relationship right now!" as he goes. He hides and he meets a little girl named Mary Alice Johansson . She says she and her family want the best Christmas ever. He made a Christmas promise he will do so; but it is said in the film that "you can\'t break a Christmas promise", and Drake doesn\'t realize he will have to give her family the "best Christmas ever". Next they\'re at Drake\'s Christmas Party up on the roof of the Premiere. At the party, Mindy  has to leave to go and visit her grandparents, leaving Josh upset. Crazy Steve  shows up in front of Drake and Josh, and shows them a wood chipper called "Sally" on his cell phone. Craig  and Eric  come and tell Drake that the last song was great and he should perform it in the Christmas parade, but Drake says that the parade is for dorks and losers and that he is going to Las Vegas for Christmas to hear a band play inviting Josh when he gets upset that they won\'t be able to spend Christmas together and Josh becoming even more upset and saying "I don\'t want to spend Christmas Day in a casino". Later on, a few party crashers come to the party, wrecking the tables and food bowls. When Josh calls the police, they inadvertently mistake him for one of the party crashers and arrest him. Not watching Drake, Josh falls off the roof and lands in the back of a pickup truck. The truck drivers drive off with the cops on their tail . When the truck drivers drive around an intersection, Josh is catapulted out, making the cops arrest him and he shouts "There\'s been a terrible mistake!". After Josh is arrested and sent to jail, he meets his prison roommate, Bludge . At first, Bludge tries to beat him up, until Josh entertains Bludge with magic tricks. This makes Bludge change his mind about Josh. However, he says he claims he has to beat him up, so he can protect his reputation in jail. Bludge and Josh bang on the walls with Josh pretending to shout in pain, to get others to believe Josh is getting beat up. Mary Alice brings up a story of how she has a sick foster mom and a busy foster dad. Drake knowing he has to fulfill that promise, attempts to break Josh out to help him. But Drake is caught immediately after, landing both Drake and Josh in trouble. Drake and Josh are sent to court and Helen acts as their lawyer. Helen tells Judge Newman  that Drake has made a promise to Mary Alice that he\'d give her the best Christmas ever. Then the judge says that he won\'t send them to jail as long as they fulfill that promise. They meet the cruel and embittered Officer Perry Gilbert ([[David Pressman , who says that he will take a vote from Mary Alice\'s family on Christmas asking them if they had the best Christmas ever. If any of them says no, they must go to jail for a long time. The duo soon meet Mary Alice\'s foster family, which include Lily and Violet , two constantly pounding-on-each-other twins, Zigfee  a foreign guy who speaks an unknown language, Trey , a know-it-all, and Luke  Mary Alice\'s brooding older brother who refuses to join in with everyone else. They find many ways to give Mary Alice\'s family the best Christmas ever, but their attempts are foiled by much interference from Officer Gilbert. Drake and Josh confront Megan, asking her to sabotage Officer Gilbert\'s doings by bribing her with a rare Smith Royal oboe. However, after hearing rumors that the oboe doesn\'t exist, Megan angrily breaks her promise to Drake and Josh and stops messing with Officer Gilbert. Josh goes to visit Officer Gilbert\'s mother and claims he must hate him and Drake somehow for making his life miserable. His mother remarks Officer Gilbert does not hate them; he hates Christmas. Then, she tells Josh how Officer Gilbert always wanted a pet chimpanzee for Christmas when he was eight and how on Christmas morning, a monkey was sitting by the tree in a cage. But when he opened the cage door, the monkey ran out, attacked him, smashed the presents, knocked down the tree, destroyed the ornaments, and urinated on him. He has hated Christmas ever since. Drake and Josh realize that since Christmas was ruined for him, he wants to ruin it for everyone else. At the Christmas parade, Officer Gilbert tricks Crazy Steve  into "reminding" the two in front of Mary Alice that they were only being kind to her so that they wouldn\'t go to prison. Mary Alice and her family leave and threaten to vote "no" when the courthouse asks them to vote, thinking jail as punishment for Drake and Josh for tricking the family . Drake and Josh both decide to keep their promise no matter what. So the duo sends Officer Gilbert a sweet baby chimpanzee named Cookie as a Christmas present, completely changing his personality. Then, they try to use Crazy Steve\'s wood chipper to make it snow in front of Mary Alice\'s house. The wood chipper shoots large chunks of ice through the neighborhood where Mary Alice lives and causes more trouble as it destroys everything and nearly kills Mary Alice and her family. During the disaster, Drake manages to carry Mary Alice out of the way of the flying ice chunks and puts her safely behind a nearby car before returning to help his brother turn off the out-of-control wood chipper. The chipper knocks out Drake and Josh and the now-kind Officer Gilbert and the other officers take them home. The next morning, Officer Gilbert explained to Mary Alice and her family what really happened, and that Drake and Josh weren\'t really trying to use them to stay out of prison. They have Officer Gilbert and the other officers "arrest" them and bring them to the living room, where Mary Alice\'s family and other people surprise them. They then have the vote on whether they all had the best Christmas ever or not, and everyone votes "yes", with Zigfee learning his first ever English word. As they start singing, Josh\'s former cell mate Bludge comes down the chimney, breaking it in the process to deliver gifts to Mary Alice\'s family, including a Smith Royal oboe for Megan, which Drake had previously promised. Mindy arrives too, wanting to learn everything that happened and Crazy Steve gets "Sally" to make snow by using seven thousand pounds of "hard cheese". Drake and Josh\'s parents then arrive home from their troubled vacation at their "bungalow", which is blown away earlier in a tropical storm. Everyone then plays in the blanket of "cheese snow", the film then draws to a close, as everyone has "The Best Christmas Ever".'] ['Young Samantha Parkington lives with her grandmother, "Grandmary" Edwards, in a world of wealth and privilege in fictional Mount Bedford on the Hudson River in New York State circa 1904. Nellie, a servant girl about Samantha\'s age, moves into the house next-door with her father and two younger sisters. Samantha is an unspoiled young girl without class biases or prejudices and takes an instant liking to Nellie, teaching her to read and sharing Nellie\'s household tasks such as carpet beating, darning, and other small jobs. Samantha and Nellie become fast friends. The girls turn to each other in happiness and sorrow, adventure and danger, and grow as close as sisters. After Nellie\'s father dies, she and her little sisters are sent to a dismal orphanage run by a thieving matron. Samantha rescues the girls and hides them at home. Nellie secretly takes a job in a factory to support her little sisters. Samantha tracks her down and brings her home, then bravely speaks out against the cruelty of child labor at her school. Eventually, Samantha\'s Uncle Gard and his new wife Cornelia adopt the three little orphans. The film ends with the girls happily enjoying a Christmas sleigh ride through cotton candy-like drifts of snow. A sub-plot involves Samantha "letting-go" of her beloved bachelor Uncle Gard when he brings home his future bride.'] ["The movie revolves around A.C. Gilbert, his family and toy factory. The film is set during the First World War. Gilbert, a successful toymaker, is requested by the government to re-tool his factory to help produce goods for the war effort. Gilbert initially agrees to this, but comes to regret his decision. The movie also deals with Gilbert's relationship with his father  and his son . Things get the better of Gilbert as he learns that his brother  has been declared missing in action in the war. This and other factors cause Gilbert to confront the government over plans to encourage people not to celebrate Christmas in order to save resources for the war effort. Gilbert successfully lobbies the government to allow him  to resume the production of toys for Christmas. Thus earning him the name The man who saved Christmas. In the final scene Gilbert's brother returns from the war in time to celebrate Christmas. The film contains numerous errors and omissions: Al Junior is portrayed as an only child yet, in real life, he had two older sisters, Charlotte and Lucretia. Moreover, AC Junior wasn't even born when this film was set. http://www.eliwhitney.org/new/museum/-gilbert-project/-man/a-c-gilbert-scientific-toymaker-essays-arts-and-sciences-october-6 The erector sets used in the film were the later, smaller versions not made until 1924 and not the original, larger pieces made from 1913 - 1923.http://www.girdersandgears.com/erector-history.html"] [' Howard Langston  is a workaholic mattress salesman, who does not find time for his wife, Liz , and his young son, Jamie  - especially when compared to next door "superdad" divorcee, Ted Maltin , who continually puts Howard in a bad light. After missing Jamie\'s karate class, Howard resolves to redeem himself by fulfilling Jamie\'s ultimate Christmas wish: getting an action figure of Turbo-Man, a popular children\'s TV superhero on Christmas Eve to find the toy everyone\'s looking for. Along the way, Howard meets Myron Larabee ([[Sinbad , a postal worker dad with a rival ambition, and the two soon become bitter competitors in their race for the action figure. Also, during his search for the toy, Howard keeps running into Officer Alexander Hummell , a traffic cop who had earlier pulled him over for a traffic violation. After several failed attempts to find the toy in a store, Howard attempts to buy a Turbo-Man from a Mall of America Santa  who is actually the leader of a band of counterfeit toy makers. When he accuses the Santa of undermining the values of Christmas, Howard ends up in a brawl with the gang. Howard barely escapes when the police raid their warehouse and gets out by posing as an undercover detective. Later, Howard and Myron cross paths again and while they are drinking coffee at Mickey\'s Diner where Myron tells Howard about the time when his father was unable to get him a specific toy on Christmas. They hear on the KQRS radio station that the D.J.  is running a Turbo-Man competition when they get to the studio they find out they can only win a gift certificate. They are nearly arrested but Myron bluffs the police into backing off by threatening them with a package . Officer Hummell tries to open it and it blows up in his face. After his car is stripped by thieves, Howard is ultimately forced to return home empty-handed. Upon seeing Ted in his house placing the star on his tree, Howard gets angry and attempts to steal the Turbo-Man doll from Ted\'s house, destined for Ted\'s son Johnny , but changes his mind. Before he has a chance to replace the doll, he is caught by Ted and a disappointed Liz. Howard decides to join his family at the city\'s Wintertainment Parade, as he promised his son he would do. Meanwhile at the parade, Ted attempts to flirt with Liz, but she turns him down by hitting him with a thermos of eggnog. On arrival at the parade, Howard runs into Officer Hummell and accidentally drenches him with hot coffee. In the ensuing chase, Howard runs into a preparations room and is mistaken as a live action Turbo-Man stuntman in the parade. As the "real" Turbo-Man, he uses the opportunity to present the coveted limited-edition Turbo-Man doll to his son in the crowd. But before he can recognize his father, Jamie is chased around the parade by Myron who is dressed as Turbo-Man\'s arch enemy Dementor having caught and tied up the real actor  while Howard does his best to keep up, though with little skill in controlling the Turbo-Man equipment. Jamie is ultimately saved by Howard, who reveals himself to his son, Howard apologizes to Officer Hummell about everything, while Myron is escorted away by police, all the while ranting about how he will explain the situation to his son. Touched by Myron\'s undying dedication to his own son, Jamie gives the doll to him, and tells Howard that he does not need the doll since his father is "the Real Turbo Man". The crowd carries Howard off praising him for his heroic actions as Myron, Jamie, and Liz happily watch. Back at home, Howard puts the star on his Christmas tree, his tradition, and shares a happy moment with his family before realizing that through his quest to get a present for Jamie, he forgot to get Liz a present.'] ['{{Plot}} The film begins in Middle Age Europe, where a woman gives birth to a baby. Within a few minutes of his birth, the baby starts saying: "Ho, ho, ho!". Mother Claus  calls her son, Frederick  over to meet his new brother, whom she has decided to name him Nicholas . Mother Claus lovingly refers to the new baby as her little Saint Nick. During Christmas, when Nick opens his gifts including Fred\'s, Nick decides to give them away to orphans which angers Fred. Mother Claus advises Fred to be a better person; this in turn causes Fred to resent Nick. Feeling isolated, Fred often meets a bird to confide about his problems. On one occasion, Nick cuts off the tree causing the bird to leave; this causes a permanent rift between Fred and Nick. In the present-day, it is explained that when Nick eventually becomes a saint due to all his good deeds, he, Mrs. Annette Claus , and his immediate family become frozen in time, never to age. Nick has become the modern-day Santa Claus, giving gifts to people and Fred runs a repo company to take them away. Fred goes to see his girlfriend, Wanda Blinkowski , who gets mad at Fred for forgetting that her birthday was the next day. Wanda refers to a previous birthday where Fred promised to take her to France. Back at his apartment, Fred packs up when a young orphan boy named Samuel "Slam" Gibbons  comes in. Slam talks about wanting a puppy for Christmas. Soon after, an elf named Willy  shows up to takes Fred to the North Pole. We learn that Willy is the head elf, and has a crush on Santa\'s Little Helper, Charlene . Once Fred and Willy arrive at the North Pole, Nick welcomes Fred warmly and shows him around. There is also a humongous snow globe in the room, where you can say any person\'s name and see if they\'re being naughty or nice. While Fred starts working, Nick and Mrs. Claus introduced Clyde Northcutt , an efficiency expert who has come to assess the situation at the North Pole. Later, Clyde walks in the workshop which is in a state of chaos because of Fred and says that Nick\'s inability to control his work staff is Strike #1. That night at dinnertime, Nick convinces Fred to come to dinner with their parents and Clyde. Sitting down to dinner, Mother Claus continues to praise Nick. Fred storms out and heads to Frosty\'s Tavern, where he meets Willy. Willy discusses his lack of self-confidence regarding Charlene. Later, when everyone else is asleep, Fred and Nick ends up fighting each other, which ends when Nick injures his back. Frustrated with Nick and the rest of his family, Fred unexpectedly leaves the North Pole with his $50,000, but Nick gives Fred a present to take with him. Fred waits until he returns home to open the gift, which is a birdhouse, a replacement for the one on the tree, and a note from Nick, saying that he is sorry for sawing down the tree. Obviously confused about his feelings, Fred enters into a Siblings Anonymous meeting. At the end, Clinton\'s younger half-brother, Roger, Jr., makes a speech about his brother\'s success. Back at the North Pole, it looks like Christmas is lost. However, Fred shows up to help out and with Willy\'s help in the sleigh, Fred starts delivering presents around the world. Fred immediately starts delivering toys with his help of Willy and the other elves. However, halfway through the night, Clyde sabotages their efforts. While Fred and Willy attempt to finish delivering the gifts for the children, Nick goes to talk to Clyde, realizing that as a child, Clyde did not get what he wanted from Nick. Fred and Willy finally return to the North Pole and are successful in their efforts. With Christmas finally saved, Fred returns to Wanda\'s house. However, Fred gives her a present. Wanda opens it to find a teddy bear holding a French flag. Fred and Wanda get back together and Charlene and Willy are now happily together.'] [' This first segment tells the story of Minnie Mouse  and Daisy Duck  who are competing in an ice skating competition. The girls each are joined by their boyfriends, Mickey and Donald, as they prepare to take the ice. Minnie is announced to take the ice first for her routine, which involves a bell choir and the Fantasia Alligatorsas backup skaters. As Minnie and the Alligators perform their routine, Daisy begins to become jealous at how much the crowd enjoys the performance. She decides to ruin Minnie\'s routine by stealing the spotlight for herself, performing amazing jumps and tricks on the ice. Trying to regain the spotlight, Minnie performs a daredevil jump over the Alligators, turning all eyes on her. Not to be outdone, Daisy whistles shrilly, and the Fantasia Hippos. The Hippos charge out of a huge golden gift box and become Daisy\'s backup skaters. They perform twists and jumps and help Daisy to once again gain the crowd\'s affection. Fed up, Daisy and Minnie begin to argue and shove. This creates a huge pinwheel on the ice, with the Hippos hanging on to Daisy and the Alligators hanging on to Minnie. The spinning is so violent that the Hippos and Alligators are thrown in all directions, causing an Alligator to spill bells across the ice and one stray Hippo to create a large lift in the ice. Seizing her moment to shine, Daisy lines up her Hippos and performs a massive jump off of the lift and over the Hippos. Trying desperately to outdo Daisy, Minnie did a most dangerous act: she instructs her Alligators to hoist the Hippos up and launches herself off the lift and over the skaters, while blind-folded with her bow over her eyes and, as she lands, her skate hits a stray bell on the ice, falls hard, and slides across the ice, and sob with pain. Everyone is sad for the now hurt mouse, and that includes Daisy, who skate over to Minnie and apologizes to her. Minnie does the same, and the two friends begin a grand finale. The Hippos and Alligators proceed to form a "tent" while Minnie and Daisy skate through with blue and pink streamers, respectively. The Hippos and Alligators then pop out of the golden present, first Hippos, then Alligators. Finally, the huge golden present raises upward and out on the top pops Minnie and Daisy in white versions of their clothes. They then spell "Peace On Earth" with their streamers and then the two hug and wish each other a "Merry Christmas" to thunderous applause from the audience.  The second segment tells the story of Huey, Dewey, and Louie Duck celebrating Christmas Eve at their Uncle Scrooge\'s mansion in Duckburg. Donald Duck and Daisy Duck also join in the festivities. The story begins with Donald decorating the mansion\'s huge Christmas tree. In come Huey, Dewey, and Louie, who without noticing bump Donald\'s ladder and cause him to fall. The boys run into the kitchen to find Great-Uncle Scrooge baking Christmas cookies. When they ask for cookies, Scrooge tells them they can have some after their dinner. At the dinner table, Donald, Daisy, Scrooge, and the boys are ready for dessert, but when Scrooge uncovers the dessert tray, he finds that all the cookies have been eaten by the boys. Donald angrily sends the boys to bed. In the boys\' bedroom, Scrooge tells the boys not to make mistakes in life because Santa will put them on his Naughty List, just like he had been when he was young. After realizing that they are on the Naughty List for sure, the boys decide to travel to the North Pole in order to write their names on Santa\'s Good List. They mail themselves to the North Pole and end up in Santa\'s Toy Factory. In the factory, the boys find a map to Santa\'s List Room, but when they arrive there, the door is locked. They then go to Santa\'s office in order to steal the key, but find that Santa is inside napping. To steal the key without waking Santa, the boys enter through an overhead grate. Louie is dropped down with a fishing rod in order to get the key, which lies on Santa\'s desk. After getting the key, the boys race back through the toy room. There they steal skateboards and skate through the room, causing toys to go here and there. Finally there plow into a stack of Jailbreak Bobs and tumble off their boards. The accident causes keys for Jailbreak Bob\'s jail cell to scatter all over the floor. The boys and the other elves help to sort out the keys, but one elf finds a key that does not fit. Not knowing it is the key the boys want, the elf throws it, causing it to land in a box. The package is wrapped and placed into Santa\'s toy sack among many other gifts. The boys begin to unwrap each gift in search of the key, causing all the elves\' hard work to be ruined. The boys find the key and run for the List Room, but accidentally bump right into Santa. Santa sees the key and thinks the boys were returning it to him, so he puts it in his pocket. Meanwhile, the toy room is in disarray and the elves begin to think that Christmas is ruined. Feeling bad, the boys help to clean up the mess in record time so that Christmas can be saved. After saving Christmas, the boys start to walk out of the factory feeling sorry that they were unable to get on Santas\'s Good List. But as they walk, they see an elf janitor open Santa\'s List Room. The boys rush in, tell the janitor about a mess somewhere else, and find the list for Duckburg. Just as they begin to write their names on the list, the boys think twice and instead write down Uncle Scrooge\'s name. The boys mail themselves back to Duckburg just in time for Christmas Day. Donald, Daisy, Scrooge, and the boys all gather around the tree to find a present just for their Great-Uncle Scrooge. The boys open it to reveal bagpipes, the present Uncle Scrooge has wanted ever since he was small. Donald then finds more presents behind the tree, and everyone opens their gifts . Amazed that they received gifts from Santa, the boys find a letter addressed to them. It is from Santa, and in it he tells the boys that their good deed of putting Scrooge on the Good List allowed them to be put on the Good List as well, as well as helping with the mess in the toy shop. As P.S., Santa wrote "You might need these", which the boys think at first are marshmallows but are really earplugs for when Uncle Scrooge plays his bagpipes.  This story features Max Goof and Goofy celebrating the holidays. Max, now all grown up, is bringing home his friend Mona to meet Goofy. However, Max is unsure whether or not he wants Mona to meet his dad. Most of the story takes place within the song "Make Me Look Good". The story begins with Max and Mona at the train station about to leave from college for Goofy\'s. Max calls Goofy to remind him of Mona and also to ask his dad not to embarrass him during the visit. Mona and Max leave the station on the train and arrive in Max\'s hometown to find Goofy. Goofy is dressed in a chauffeur\'s getup standing in front of his car and holding a sign that says "Maxie" with the "ie" crossed out in red. Goofy drives Max and Mona to his home, where many Christmas lights and decorations are all over the house and lawn. After that, Goofy seems to accidentally keep embarrassing Max by showing Mona Max\'s baby pictures and wiping cocoa off Max\'s face. Max at first is embarrassed by his dad, but then realizes that Goofy is always, well, goofy, and that\'s why he loves him. Max forgets about being embarrassed and decides to join in the fun.  This story revolves around Donald Duck and his Christmas wish of peace and quiet. Daisy Duck and Huey, Dewey, and Louie also appear. The story begins with Donald returning home from Christmas shopping. As he exits a store, he sees an ad for cocoa and imagines himself at home in his warm armchair. He soon realizes though that as he was daydreaming his bus left without him. He tries to run to catch it, but is slowed down by a tree decorator, a Christmas donation collector, a caroling barbershop quartet, and an old woman. As he tries to get to the bus, "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" is sung by the townspeople he sees. Donald then must walk home. Along the way he still hears people singing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", and he becomes very annoyed. Once at home, Donald prepares himself a cup of cocoa and rests in his armchair, but is disturbed by the arrival of Huey, Dewey, and Louie. Daisy also arrives and asks Donald if he is ready to go to the mall to see the Christmas decorations and the windows at Mousy\'s Department Store. Annoyed that they\'re asking him to leave after just getting home and relaxing, Donald initially refuses to go, but Daisy in the end forces him to come with her and the boys. At the mall, Donald, Daisy, and the boys gather in front of Mousy\'s with other people to watch the window unveiling. Donald then wanders off to buy some hot chocolate. After he gets his cocoa, every little noise he hears in the mall seems to play the tune to "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", possibly caused by his growing annoyance and desire to drink a nice cup of cocoa. It seems as though Donald can not escape the tune until he finally finds a door into another room. He enters a dark room and thinks he is finally safe when he discovers that he has stumbled on to the Mousy\'s window display. Thousands of dolls begin singing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas" and Donald finally has had enough. Back in front of Mousy\'s, a woman announces that the unveiling will commence. A curtain rises to reveal Donald inadvertently destroying the window display to the horror of the crowd. Daisy and the boys feel disappointed at Donald and leave the mall sadly without him. Donald is thrown out of the mall and begins to walk home in the snow thinking about how he let Daisy and the boys down. As he walks, he sees a group of carolers trying to sing "We Wish You a Merry Christmas", but unable to sing together. Annoyed at their terrible singing, Donald takes charge and conducts the group. The lovely singing causes a small crowd to form, with people joining in and singing with the carolers. Soon the crowd draws in Daisy and the boys, who see Donald finally showing some Christmas spirit. Donald apologizes and joins in on the singing, making sure to sing from his heart.  The fifth and final segment of the movie. It begins when Mickey makes decorations for the Christmas party, until Pluto keeps interrupting. When Pluto puts the star on top of the Christmas tree, he accidentally ruins the decorations, which causes Mickey to send Pluto to the dog house. At the doghouse, Pluto decides to run away from home by removing his collar and hopping onboard a train. Pluto finds himself shipped to the North Pole where the reindeer  adopt him and call him "Murray" . When Mickey arrives back home, he cleans up the mess and puts the decorations back. He begins feeling guilty for how he yelled at Pluto, and when he goes to Pluto\'s doghouse to apologize, he finds Pluto missing. Mickey goes around town posting "Lost Dog" posters in hope that someone can help him. He even turns to Santa for help at a department store.  Meanwhile, Pluto is feeling homesick, and when Santa comes by with a picture of him and a glum-looking Mickey together, Pluto decides to return home. Santa and the reindeer drop him off back to Mickey\'s where the rest of the gang gathers for their annual Christmas party. The segment  concludes with them singing a medley of various Christmas carols, akin to how the original film ended.'] ['The special is set shortly after the events of Shrek the Third , as Shrek and Fiona\'s children are still infants. Shrek  is quietly living in the swamp with his family when the Christmas season arrives. Under Donkey\'s  urging, Shrek reluctantly promises Princess Fiona  a special Christmas surprise. Shrek goes to the local bookstore in Far, Far Away to try to find a present for Fiona, but since he does not know what Christmas is all about, the shopkeeper  gives Shrek a copy of Christmas For Village Idiots, a step-by-step guide to celebrating the holiday. Shrek proceeds to follow the book\'s advice by decorating the house and getting a tree so he can spend a quiet Christmas Eve with his family, but Donkey brings the entire "family" to the swamp, ruining Shrek\'s plans. As Shrek tries to tell his own version of "A Visit from St. Nicholas "; Gingy, Donkey, and Puss in Boots  interrupt and each tell their own version of a Christmas story. Donkey tells of floats coming to the swamp. At the end, Donkey tells of licking an enormous Santa figure that is made out of waffles, but in reality he accidentally starts licking Shrek\'s leg. Puss tells his version of the story of Santa Claus, but ends up playing with the ball point of his Santa hat, while in reality he is playing with one of the baubles from the christmas tree. However, Gingy\'s story is not happy, but horrifying, as he tells about how his girlfriend Suzy got eaten up by Santa Claus. To which Donkey finds it unbelievable, with Gingy screaming "You weren\'t there!". Donkey finds Shrek\'s Christmas for Village Idiots book, and the ensuing fight over the book destroys all of Shrek\'s decorations, furniture and the tree. Shrek ends up ejecting his friends from the house in a fit of anger. Christmas spirit ruined, Fiona and Shrek have a talk, after which she takes the children and leaves the swamp to go and apologize to their friends. Shrek feels downhearted that Christmas Eve did not go as he hoped it would. Fiona catches up to their friends and explains to Donkey what Shrek had wanted for Christmas. Shrek catches up with the group, and apologizes for losing his temper. Donkey is shocked to learn that this is Shrek\'s first Christmas, because "ogres don\'t celebrate anything." Donkey also apologizes for being annoying, and explains that Christmas never goes as planned and according to his mother, "\'Christmas ain\'t Christmas until somebody cries\', and that\'s usually me." After a snowball fight, the friends return to the swamp, and Shrek tells his story, featuring not Santa, but Ogre Claus. Soon they hear bells and go outside to see Santa and his reindeer, although Gingy runs back inside screaming in terror.'] ['Fabrizio Barbetti  and Lisa Pinzoni  are two remarried doctors who, since divorce, have been simply unable to get along with each other. They hate one another to such an extent that they argue and fight in public, even on television, but their lives as a divorced couple are going to change as they establish, with their respective new partners, to spend their Christmas holidays in Gstaad, Switzerland. Here, after a difficult start, the two end up falling again for each other and begin planning to make their partners do so as well, so that they can end their current relationships and start a new life together. However, they ignore that Angela  and Gabriele  have been cheating on them for a year and are already in a relationship. In fact, the vacation was planned by them in order to make Fabrizio and Lisa want to get back together.'] ['Bert  is a retired Hollywood actor who has been estranged from his only daughter Marie ([[Tracy Nelson  for many years. When she ends up in the hospital following a car accident, Social Services places her 10-year-old daughter, Becca , with the grandfather she has never met. The generation gap is apparent as Bert and Becca try to adjust to their new lives together. In taking in the granddaughter, he never knew about, he is faced with the resentment toward him due to these stories told by the grandmother. Bert is faced with the dilemma of whether to tell his granddaughter, and later his daughter, the truth, which if they believe him, may ruin their memory of the late grandmother, or stay quiet. The dilemma is resolved when one of Bert’s friends tells the mother the truth.'] ["Mary is a high powered businesswoman who runs her own marketing and business advice company. However, her roots are at the North Pole... yes, she's Santa's daughter. When Santa has some health problems, Mrs. Claus calls Mary in to help get everything ready for the Big Day that is fast approaching. Mary obliges. But, can Mary's successful business techniques really work for the spirited but mentally infantile elves? We'll see. In the meantime, Mary has found her long lost love, Luke, to be still employed as the area's mailman."] ['The story is about two World War II U.S. Army buddies, one a Broadway entertainer, Bob Wallace , the other a would-be entertainer, Phil Davis . It begins on Christmas Eve, 1944, somewhere in Europe. In a forward area, Capt. Wallace is giving a show to the troops of the 151st Division with the help of Pvt. Davis . But the mood is somber: word has come down that their beloved commanding officer, Major General Thomas F. Waverly , is being relieved of command. He arrives for the end of the show and delivers an emotional farewell. The men give him a rousing send-off . An enemy artillery barrage ensues, and Davis saves Wallace\'s life by carrying him out of the way of a toppling wall, wounding his own arm slightly in the process. Using his "wounded" arm and telling Bob he doesn\'t expect any "special obligation", Phil convinces Bob to join forces as an entertainment duo when the war is over. Phil using his wound to get Bob to do what he wants becomes a running gag throughout the movie. After the war, the pair make it big in nightclubs, radio and then on Broadway. Becoming successful producers, they eventually mount their newest hit musical entitled Playing Around. Phil is increasingly concerned that his pal Bob has not met a woman with whom he can settle down and several clumsy attempts to set him up with showgirls fail. In mid-December, after two years on Broadway, the show is in Miami, and while performing at the Florida Theatre, they receive a letter from "Freckle-Faced Haynes, the dog-faced boy", a mess sergeant with whom they\'d been acquanted back in the war, asking them to audition his two sisters. When they go to the club to audition the act , Phil notices that Bob is smitten with Betty , while Phil has eyes for her sister, Judy . Following their number, the girls join Bob and Phil at their table, and believing he may have found the right girl for Bob, Phil brings Judy on to the dance floor so that Bob and Betty can get to know each other better. Phil and Judy hit it off , and Judy tells Phil that she and her sister are headed for the Columbia Inn in Pine Tree, Vermont, where they are booked to perform over the holidays. Back at the table, Betty reveals to Bob that Judy herself, not her brother, sent them the letter. The two get into a brittle argument, and the prospects for a romance seem doubtful.  When the girls\' corrupt landlord claims the sisters burned a $200 rug and is trying to have them arrested, Phil hears the news and helps them escape out the window, giving the girls their own sleeping-room accommodations aboard the train to Vermont. To give the girls time to make it to the train, Phil convinces Bob to don the girls\' forgotten costumes and lip-sync "Sisters" from a record after which the boys arrive on the same train two hours later. The girls are all over Bob in appreciation for giving up their sleeping accommodations and Phil uses "his arm" once again to convince Bob to travel with the girls to Vermont for the holidays . When everybody arrives to put on the show at the Pine Tree Ski Lodge, there\'s not a flake in sight and the weather is so unseasonably warm, chances of it falling appear dim. The boys discover that the inn is run by their former commanding officer, Gen. Waverly, who has invested all his savings and pension into the lodge, and it\'s in danger of failing because of the lack of snow and consequent lack of patrons. Deciding to help out and bring business up to the inn, Wallace and Davis bring the entire cast and crew of their new musical Playing Around, and add in Betty and Judy where they can. At the same time, Bob and Betty\'s relationship starts to bloom  and they begin to spend a good deal of time together. Meanwhile, Bob discovers the General\'s rejected attempt at rejoining the army, and decides to prove to the General that he isn\'t forgotten. Bob calls Ed Harrison ([[Johnny Grant , an old army buddy, now the host of a successful variety show . Bob tells Ed that he wants to make a televised pitch to all the men formerly under the command of the General, asking them to come to the inn on Christmas Eve as a surprise. In response, Harrison suggests they go all out and put the show on national television, playing up the whole "schmaltz" angle of the situation and generating lots of free advertising for Wallace and Davis in the process. What Bob doesn\'t know is that nosy housekeeper Emma Allen  has been listening in to the phone conversation on the extension but has only heard about the whole schmaltz suggestion, hanging up before Bob rejects the idea. Mistakenly believing that her beloved boss will be presented as a pitiable figure on a primetime coast to coast broadcast, Emma reveals what she heard to a shocked Betty who is originally loath to believe Bob would pull such a stunt for his own gain, but mistakenly comes to believe he would indeed stoop to such depths. The misunderstanding causes a now-disillusioned Betty to grow suddenly frigid to an equally-baffled Bob. Unaware of the real reason for her sudden change of behavior, Judy becomes convinced that Betty, ever-protective of her little sister, will never take on a serious relationship until Judy is engaged or married. She pressures an extremely reluctant Phil to announce a phony engagement, but the plan backfires when Betty abruptly departs for New York City, having received a job offer. Distraught, Phil and Judy reveal to Bob that the engagement announcement was phony, and Bob, still unaware of the real reason behind Betty\'s annoyance, heads to New York to explain. Bob goes to see Betty\'s new act  and reveals the truth about the engagement, but is called away by Ed Harrison before he can find out what is really bothering her. Meanwhile, back at the Inn, Phil fakes an injury to distract Gen. Waverly so he won\'t see the broadcast or Bob\'s announcement. On the broadcast, Bob proceeds to ask the veterans of the 151st Division to come to Pine Tree, Vermont, on Christmas Eve . When Betty is backstage in the greenroom between performances, she catches Bob\'s pitch on a television set and realizes she was mistaken. All is set right, and she returns to Pine Tree just in time for the show on Christmas Eve. Emma convinces Gen. Waverly that all his suits were sent to the cleaners, and suggests he wear his old uniform to the opening of the show. Initially reluctant, he agrees. When the General enters the lodge where the show is to take place, he is greeted by his former division, who sing a rousing chorus of "The Old Man". Just as the song ends, he is notified that snow is finally falling. In the finale, Bob and Betty declare their love for one another, as do Phil and Judy. The background of the set is removed to show the snow falling, everyone raises a glass, and toasts, "May your days be merry and bright; and may all your Christmases be white."'] ['A baby boy crawls into Santa Claus\'s  sack of gifts while he is delivering toys to an orphanage one Christmas Eve. Santa Claus unwittingly takes the baby back to the North Pole, where Papa Elf  volunteers to raise him. The baby was christened William but through a humorous misunderstanding is renamed Buddy . He is raised unaware of his status as a human, until his enormous size and  poor toy-making abilities lead him to ultimately find out the truth. Papa Elf reveals that Buddy was born to Walter Hobbs  and Susan Wells and given up for adoption, and that Walter never knew of his existence. He explains how Susan later died and that Walter now works at a children\'s book company in New York City. Buddy sets out for Manhattan to find his father. Upon arriving in the Big Apple, Buddy comically displays his ignorance in several ways. He eventually tracks down his father in the Empire State Building. Incredulous, Walter Hobbs calls security on him. Their sarcastic advice was to "get back to Gimbel\'s", where he is mistaken for an employee and meets the lovely Jovie . Later, when the toy store Santa arrives, Buddy is shocked to discover that Gimbel\'s Santa is not the genuine article, and a fight ensues between them. He is arrested and sentenced to 24 hours in jail. Eventually, Walter reluctantly bails him out and takes him to a pediatrician for a DNA test. Once it is proven that he is in fact Walter\'s son, he takes him home to meet his stepmother, Emily  and half-brother, Michael . Buddy befriends Michael after defeating some bullies in a snowball fight, and shortly before that he goes on a date with Jovie. Walter, meanwhile, has been trying to save his floundering business by hiring the temperamental bestselling writer Miles Finch . When the 4\'5" Finch arrives, Buddy innocently but repeatedly refers to him as an elf. Miles attacks Buddy and storms out without signing a deal with Walter\'s company. Walter is so angry over this setback that he yells at Buddy to get out of his life. Depressed and afraid, Buddy writes a message to his father and runs away. Michael reads Buddy\'s message and bursts in on Walter\'s board meeting to frantically inform him that Buddy is gone. He manages to convince Walter to put his family above his job for the first time. Buddy sees Santa\'s sleigh crash in Central Park. He finds Santa, who explains that he lost the sleigh\'s "Kringle 3000, 500 Reindeer-Power" jet engine and that the last bit of Christmas Spirit had faded as well. Walter and Michael then encounter Buddy in Central Park, where Walter apologizes to Buddy for his behavior and accepts him as his son. Buddy takes them to meet Santa, who reveals to Michael that believing in him can make his sleigh fly. Michael reads Santa\'s list in front of TV cameras gathered outside the park, so that people all across New York City believe in him. The Central Park Rangers begin to chase his sleigh while Buddy is still trying to reattach the engine. Jovie manages to overcome her shyness and get the sleigh back in the air by the power of Christmas Spirit when she leads the crowd in singing "Santa Claus Is Coming to Town," with even Walter joining in. Later, he starts his own publishing company with the first best-selling book released being titled Elf, an account of Buddy\'s adventures. Buddy and Jovie marry and have a daughter they named Susan after Buddy\'s mother, and in the closing scene they are shown visiting Papa Elf at the North Pole. In the end, Leon the Snowman closes the storybook, being the last one left, as the iris closes, then, he winks.'] ['{{In-universe}} Seymour S. Sassafrass, an eccentric, yet friendly peddler, and inventor, tells the tale of Peter Cottontail, a young Easter Bunny who lives in April Valley, where the Chief Easter Bunny supervises such Easter items as colored eggs and chocolate candy. Colonel Wellington B. Bunny, the retiring Chief Easter Bunny, names young Peter his successor despite Peter\'s propensity for boasting and telling fibs, which is exemplified when his left ear droops. Peter, who has dreamed of being the Chief Easter Bunny almost his entire life, gladly accepts. But not everyone in April Valley is happy with the Colonel\'s decision. January Q. Irontail, an evil, reclusive rabbit villain who lives in a craggy old tree, alone except for his assistant, a bat named Montresor, wants to be the Chief Easter Bunny... but only so he can ruin it for children everywhere, as revenge for the loss of his tail, which was run over by a small child who rollerskated over his fluffy tail , and replaced with an iron prosthesis. Because the constitution of April Valley says only the rabbit who delivers the most eggs on Easter morning can be Chief Easter Bunny, Irontail proposes that Colonel Bunny hold a contest between himself and Peter to see who wins. Peter, eager to prove his worth, accepts Irontail\'s challenge even as Colonel Bunny is preparing to turn the evil rabbit down. Although Peter promises the Colonel that he won\'t fail, he stays up late partying with his friends. Though he sets his rooster to wake him up at 5:30 AM, Irontail sabotages his friend by giving it magical "corn flavored" bubblegum. The magic gum causes the rooster\'s crows to float so far away that Peter can\'t hear them, resulting in Peter sleeping through and losing the contest. Even though the unfriendly Irontail manages to deliver only one egg, it\'s still one more egg than Peter delivers and so Irontail is named the new Chief Easter Bunny, as per the constitution. Immediately, Irontail begins to wreck Easter by passing ridiculous new laws that will doubtless make the entire holiday a complete disaster. Meanwhile, Peter, ashamed that his overconfidence and irresponsibility led to this tragedy, leaves April Valley in disgrace and shame. He happens upon Seymour S. Sassafrass, who  is also the friendly man who supplies April Valley with the dyes it uses to color its Easter eggs. He gets them from his "Garden of Surprises", which includes red, white, and blue cabbages, purple corn, striped tomatoes, and orange string beans. Proving to be a very compassionate and understanding man , Sassafrass offers to let Peter use his latest invention, the Yestemorrowmobile, a time machine. With the help of its pilot, a French caterpillar named Antoine, Peter will be able to go back to Easter and retake the contest. Unfortunately, Irontail finds out about Peter\'s plan and sends his spider to sabotage the Yestemorrowmobile\'s controls, thereby making it so that Peter and Antoine can go to any holiday but Easter! While Antoine tries to fix the machine, they find out that the rules of the contest, however, don\'t specifically say the eggs must be delivered on Easter, so Peter begins trying to give his eggs away at other holidays, without success. But Peter continues to attempt to persevere in his quest, even though no one seems to want eggs on any holiday except Easter. Along the way, he rescues Bonnie, a talking Easter bonnet, during Christmas Eve and meets Donna, a lovely girl bunny with whom he briefly celebrates Valentine\'s Day. Antoine gets left behind accidentally in a town back on Christmas Eve. But Peter\'s biggest problem is still Irontail and Montresor the bat; who are always trying to steal the eggs, or otherwise sabotage Peter\'s efforts , eventually succeeding in turning the eggs a mottled green color. After one final failed attempt to pitch the green eggs on Washington\'s Birthday, he finally manages to give them away on St. Patrick\'s Day, since they are the appropriate color for the occasion. As a result, Peter is crowned Chief Easter Bunny, and Antoine returns as a butterfly; Peter also goes and delivers a new batch of Easter eggs to the characters from the other respective holidays. And while everyone marches down the bunny trail in a big Easter Parade, Irontail gets demoted to Janitor of the April Valley Sanitation Department. In the end of the film, all of the characters  say "Happy Easter Day!"'] ["The film starts at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. A group of Marines have just returned to the US from Iraq. As the Marines leave, one Marine remains and makes his way towards the exit. The Marine's name is Jesse Rodriguez ([[Freddy Rodriguez . The film cuts to a house where a man, Edy Rodriguez  is on a ladder nailing up a welcome home sign for Jesse. The woman, his wife, Anna Rodriguez  gives him a rather disgruntled look before leaving to prepare for Jesse's return. Edy then travels to his store, a small neighborhood supermarket, called Bodega. Along the way, and even in the store, Edy appears to be quite popular with the ladies. Back at the airport, Jesse finally meets up with his friends Johnny  and Ozzy , who have come to pick him up. On the way to his fathers store, Jesse takes off his eye-patch to reveal that he can still see, but the area around his eye is badly injured. After some prompting from Johnny and Ozzy, he reveals that he was the lucky one, as his friend Eddie was not as lucky and Jesse feels some guilt for this. On the way, the three pass a park and Jesse tells them to stop. The park was their childhood playground and the three take a little time off to play a game of baseball and reminisce. While at the park, Ozzy spots Hector , the man who killed his brother, recently been released from prison. Ozzy stares at Hector, and Hector stares back, however, before Ozzy is able to make his way to Hector, both Jesse and Johnny hold him back the they make their way to Edy's store. Jesse's sister Roxanna  arrives by taxi, although everyone assumes she came in a limo because they all assume that she made it big in Hollywood as an actress. Jesse's Brother Mauricio  also arrives, along with his wife Sarah . Sarah greets Anna and it is evident that she is not exactly comfortable around her in-laws but she is making an effort, even speaking a bit of Spanish. However, the topic drifts towards children and Anna makes it very clear that she wants grandchildren, but Sarah is a very business driven woman and isn't ready for kids, this causes some tension between Sarah, Anna, and Mauricio. After things settle down, everyone sits down and begins to catch up and each persons story is brought up: Jesse has just return from a three year tour in Iraq and is being prepared by Edy to take up the family business; Roxanna is waiting on news regarding a new TV deal; and Mauricio is an attorney and Sarah is in finances and making a great deal of money, but don't have time for much else. The conversation moves towards Jesse's experience in Iraq, but its obvious that he does not want to talk about it . Soon after, Marissa , her son, and her boyfriend Fernando  arrive. Marissa is Roxanna's best friend from childhood, and Jesse's ex-girlfriend. It is evident that Jesse still has feelings for Marissa and vice versa, but there is much tension in the air. After everyone has arrived, they all sit down for Christmas dinner. Everyone is digging into an abundant pile of food, chatting away, while Sarah sits there with a look of awe on her face as she has never experienced the holidays with Mauricio's family. Edy is about to give a toast to everyone but gets a call, it seems that Edy has been getting a lot of calls, and often runs out when he does which gets Anna suspicious that he is having an affair, and cheating on her again . Well, when the phone rings during Edy's toast, he stops to answer the call, and having broken the last straw, Anna proclaims that she is divorcing Edy. At first everyone thinks this is a joke, but it is soon evident that Anna is dead serious. Edy reacts with little emotion, saying that if it is what Anna wants then he can't really do anything about it. Mauricio is vehemently against this and tries to get some support from Jesse, whose response is similar to his father's, which angers Mauricio further. At this time, Johnny, Ozzy, Marissa and Fernando excuse themselves as it is a family matter. After more arguing, everyone leaves to vent, except for Sarah, who stays at her seat and continues eating, sort of a gesture of comfort/support to Anna; and the two have a somewhat awkward yet endearing bonding moment. At night, Jesse is about to go to bed when Edy shows up, having been kicked out of the bed room and is not bunking with Jesse. Father and son have a conversation about Jesse's experiences but Edy can't really get much out of his son. Later that night, Mauricio is up in the Attic thinking about the nights events when Roxanna shows up. The two share a drink and Jesse shows up. The siblings reminisce about their childhood and what the future will be like after their parents divorce. Both Roxanna and Jesse are relatively neutral on the matter, but Mauricio is very against them. Being the only one of the three to be married, he believes that after 35 years of marriage, their parents have to have at least some love for each other, and that there is always a chance to salvage what remains of their marriage and he says all this while in his underwear . In the morning, Jesse catches up with Marissa while she is walking to work. She still hasn't forgiven him for leaving her several years ago. As it turns out, Jesse didn't want to stay in town and follow in his fathers footsteps and ended signing up for the marines. While in Iraq, his unit was holed up in a building for the night, Lenny offered to take Jesse's watch so he can grab something to eat. While Jesse is getting some food, a rocket propelled grenade is shot into the building and Lenny is killed, while everyone else is injured. Ever since then, Jesse blames himself for Lenny's death since it was supposed to be his watch, and his life that would be lost. Marissa sympathizes and forgives him. Back at the house, Mauricio is attempting to get Anna and Edy back together by bringing over their priest, Father Torres . Anna returns home and Mauricio brings her into the kitchen. Anna is clearly drunk and is very upset. Another argument ensues and everyone is at everyone else's throat. Mauricio argues with Anna regarding having children, Roxanna reveals that shes not a star and can barely make ends meet. Both Mauricio and Roxanna think Jesse has it easy, since he gets the store to manage as soon as he returned. However, Jesse doesn't want to manage the store and his guilt over Lenny's death has been haunting him since his return. After more arguing, everyone leaves. Roxanna, Jesse and Mauricio end up in a bar to drink/party to vent off some tension. Sarah gets back to the house and finds out that everyone has left. Edy offers to give her a ride to the bar where everyone is. While driving Sarah to the bar to meet the others, Edy appears to have a heart attack and stomps on the brakes. Luckily, they skid into a parking area and no one is injured; Sarah is able to fetch Edy's medication from the glove box in time. As Sarah looks at the bottles, she realizes that Edy is really very ill and that that's the reason hes getting those phone calls . Edy makes her promise to not tell anyone, since he doesn't want anyone to worry so they can enjoy the holidays. At the bar, everyone takes the chance to have some fun, drinking and dancing. Sarah gets hammered and starts dancing with Mauricio, who can't dance at all but does so anyway. Everyone is having a blast and Jesse takes the time to talk to Marissa. Roxanna, receives a call from her agent , goes outside to answer the phone and have a smoke. While Roxanna is out having a smoke, Ozzy comes out to talk to her. It is obvious that Ozzy likes Roxanna, but she is a bit apprehensive as she sees him as a gang-member type person, although Marissa has noted that he hasn't been part of that crowd for quite some time. Roxanna and Ozzy go to the local ice rink to talk, and Roxanna tells him that she really isn't much of a star since she has only had a few small roles in TV and commercials and can't really get a big part. Ozzy assures her that she will get her big break, but she is not so sure. Roxanna mentions returning home since her career isn't going anywhere, and her mom may need her around during the divorce. Ozzy is happy that Roxanna may stay, but is supportive of her career. The next day, everyone prepares to have a little Christmas carol parade, where people travel from house to house caroling, and people join along the way until nearly the entire neighborhood has joined in. The parade ends with everyone arriving at the church for a big party/dinner. Everyone is dancing and having fun. Fernando goes off to get something to drink and Jesse asks Marissa for a dance. The two begins to get close and Jesse leans in to kiss her, just as Fernando lunges in and hits Jesse. Jesse  pummels Fernando before his friends drag him off. While this is happening, Ozzy can't take it anymore and leaves to confront Hector. Hector is returning home with his mother and sees Ozzy. Knowing what Ozzy has come to do, he tells his mother to go into the house and make dinner, while he goes outside with Ozzy. Outside, Hector tells Ozzy that he's ready to die, and has been for many years while in prison. Ozzy is visibly struggling to decide whether or not to kill Hector, just then, his phone rings, it's Roxanna. Ozzy gives up, and lets Hector live, and leaves to meet Roxanna. Ozzy and Roxanna go to the river, where he gets rid of the gun, and the two kiss. After midnight mass, Edy drives Anna home. On the ride home Anna confronts Edy about his affair, but all Edy will say is that all he wants is to have a good Christmas with the whole family, and that they should keep it together until the kids leave. Anna says that after the kids leave, there will be nothing more to talk about. Edy is now alone in the kitchen, drinking. Jesse and Mauricio return home and join their father, each drinking to their own little problems. Edy, decides to do one last thing for Anna and finally cut down that tree so the three go outside and secure the tree to a chain that is connected to the rear bumper of Edy's car. Edy guns the engine but the rear bumper comes off and he crashes into a parked car, injuring himself. Anna calls the ambulance and Edy is rushed off to the hospital. Before the ambulance leaves, Sarah runs out to Anna and hands her all of Edy's medications since she's the only one who knows how serious his health is. The whole family is at the hospital to check on Edy. It turns out that Edy has cancer, it's serious but he's being treated for it. Anna finally realizes that Edy was not cheating on her, and that the Susan that Edy was talking to was actually his oncologist. The couple make their peace and profess love for each other, and then Anna smacks Edy for being stupid and not telling her sooner. Having seen how frail life can be, Sarah decides to have children, and take the new position at work, and will try to balance both in her life with support from Mauricio. Back at the house, Anna is teaching Roxanna and Sarah how to cook with moderate success. Roxanna gets a call from her agent, and when she returns, it appears as she has not gotten the part. Outside the house, Ozzy comes by to talk to Roxanna and she reveals that she actually did get the part, but it wasn't a very big part anyway, and she thought it would be best to stick with her family during these times, so she turned down the part. The next scene shows Jesse visiting Marissa to drop off some Christmas presents and to apologize for his behavior the previous night. She forgives him, but she has a relationship with Fernando now and a happy family life. Jesse concedes and wishes her a happy life. After leaving, Jesse sits on a park bench, making a call to Lenny's parents to tell them about their son and how he died so he can get closure and move on. The final scene shows Edy, after discharge from the hospital, taking Jesse to his store, who has now decided to take up the family business instead of going back to Iraq."] ['{{Plot}} Niko, a young reindeer, was told by Oona, his mother, that his father is one of the "Flying Forces", Santa\'s flying sled reindeer. Niko dreams of joining his dad as a flying reindeer but he does not seem to be able to fly. While trying to fly with the encouragement of Julius, a flying squirrel who took on the roll of his dad, and some other young reindeer tease him. To avoid further teasing, Niko and his friend Saga leave the protected valley their herd is in so Niko can practice. Niko gets spotted by two of the wolves and in spite of efforts to hide their trail after Julius stops the wolves from following, the wolves do find the herd. While fleeing the valley, Niko over-hears others talking of how Niko\'s actions have hurt them so he decides to leave the herd and try to find his father. When Niko is discovered missing, Julius chooses to look for Niko as he can search without leaving a trail as fresh snow is falling. Julius cannot convince Niko to return to the herd so reluctantly joins Niko in the search for Santa\'s secret location. A lost pet poodle finds the wolf pack and before being eaten, gives Black Wolf the idea of killing Santa\'s Flying Forces reindeer. Essie, the poodle is considered Black Wolf\'s good luck charm for this idea and is spared but also forced to join the pack on this grim plan. Niko and Julius discover Wilma, a weasel, stuck in a small tree branch and save her. She is not pleased because she feels she has to save the lives of Niko and Julius before she can go on with her life. Julius and Niko get lost and separated in a sudden blizzard and Niko wakes under a pile of snow from the conversation of Black Wolf and his pack who do not see him. Niko overhears Black Wolf further deciding to kill Santa too and take his place but bring death to tasty boys and girls instead of bringing presents. When Niko is discovered, he flees, finds Julius, and gets cornered surrounded by rock cliffs. Wilma the weasel shows up in the overhanging snowdrifts above and sings a song while destabilizing the snowdrifts. She concludes her song by starting an avalanche. Hopping on to Niko, she steers the reindeer past many dangers by manipulating his antlers. After saving their lives, she is free to go but corrects Julius on the directions to Santa\'s home due to previously working there as a singer. Niko convinces Wilma to guide them while Black Wolf and his pack are hot on their trail. They try to cross a dangerous river by Niko trying to fly across with Wilma\'s tutoring but he still fails to fly once he looks down and fears falling. Thinking they are dead, the wolves head for Santa\'s home but below Julius and Wilma save Niko from going over a high waterfall. While waiting for Niko to recover Julius tells how his flying squirrel family was taken by wolves so Niko is his son now until he finds his real father. Once they arrive at Santa\'s place, Niko is almost hit by the Flying Forces while standing on the runway. Niko tells them of Black Wolf\'s plan but they doubt a wolf will ever make it to Santa\'s secret valley. The go in to celebrate before heading out on Christmas Eve where Wilma sings them a song that asks them who is Niko\'s father. Nobody admits to being his father but they decide to do a "flying test" to see if Niko has the genetics to fly to prove if this claim is true or not. Julius is worried after almost losing Niko at the river and his scream distracts Niko so he falls yet again. After this the wolves do get in and the scared Flying Forces reindeer lose their power of flight. Black Wolf is determined to get Niko and ends up chasing him up a tall tree despite the efforts of Wilma and Julius to distract him. Julius recruits a reindeer with his head in a present box  with a jab with an icicle. The other reindeer are cornered on the runway by the other wolves who are bowled over by the blindly flying reindeer. Julius then convinces the reindeer that they can fly allowing them to save Niko using the sleigh. Black Wolf gets on the sleigh too until Julius unlatches a part of the sleigh that Black Wolf is holding on to. In order to save Julius, Niko jumps off the sleigh. Only after saving Julius does Niko realize he is actually flying. Niko, backed up by the Flying Forces, send the wolves fleeing when they realize Black Wolf likely fell to his death. Santa invites Niko to join the crew but after Julius leaves to tell his mother and the herd that Niko is all right, Niko chooses to stay with his mother and with Julius the flying squirrel as his father but will visit his reindeer father Prancer too.'] ["The story begins with Cousin Eddie at his latest workplace, a nuclear facility where he 'works' alongside a monkey. When the monkey outperforms him in every test , the decision is made to fire him. Upon finding out the news, the two get into an argument which results in the monkey biting him. With Christmas approaching, Eddie is worried about what this job loss will mean for him and his family and he decides to talk to his former boss. Although the thought never occurs to him, the nuclear company is convinced that he will sue. As a preemptive countermeasure, they offer him and his family  a free vacation to an island in the South Pacific. While on holiday they take a trip on a boat, while Eddie attempts to catch a shark, they get lost and eventually shipwrecked on an isolated island. Eventually Eddie is able to prove himself a man by providing for his family and they all celebrate Christmas together on the island. Shortly after, they are rescued."] ['As the movie\'s title implies, Daffy Duck stars in an Ebenezer Scrooge-like role in the Looney Tunes retelling of this classic tale. In the beginning of the movie, Bugs Bunny  pops up out of his hole to clear away the snow, and explains to the viewers he\'s a rabbit of all seasons, despite the fact rabbits are associated with Easter. He\'s then almost run over by Daffy Duck\'s gas guzzling Hummer. Daffy is the scrooge like owner of the Lucky Duck Superstore , and he treats his employees  like they\'re garbage. Despite Bugs\' scolding him for berating Playboy Penguin, Daffy still acts snobbish and tries to abscond with the money Priscilla Pig, Egghead Jr., Henery Hawk and Barnyard Dawg Jr. are collecting for charity. Daffy especially has trouble with his hover scooter, and gets beat up by his own employees  and the customers . After Daffy states he hates the holidays, Bugs warns him about the Ghosts of Christmas, which Daffy simply scoffs at. After working his employees to the bone on Christmas Eve, Daffy expects them all back at 5:00am on Christmas Day, so he can make more money off of last minute shoppers. Assistant Assistant Manager Porky Pig in a Bob Cratchit-like role pleads to let him go home for Christmas and spend time with his daughter, Priscilla, who is in a Tiny Tim-like role, but Daffy refuses and Bugs warns him that bad things happens to people like him  and tells him "Bah, Humduck!",  which Daffy then takes as his own. Later that day, the spirit of his deceased business idol Sylvester The Investor  who is clad in chains as punishment for his greed, and he warns Daffy that if he doesn\'t change his ways, he will be doomed to the same fate. He tells Daffy that he still has a chance of escaping his fate and foretells that three spirits will visit him but Daffy thinks that this is a trick by Bugs and does not believe him. Daffy, trapped in the store by a snowdrift with Bugs, locks himself in his vault to be safe. But the ghosts are not that easily stopped. The Ghost of Christmas Past who took on the form of two things an old lady and a bird ([[Granny  took him back to his childhood, where they see that Daffy lived at the Lucky Duck Orphanage , and every Christmas, he was ignored by potential parents, which explains his cold demeanor in the Present Day. The Ghost of Christmas Present  then appears, and shows him how sad his employees are and tells him if he doesn\'t change his ways, his future is very bleak. By this time, Daffy is starting to feel tender emotion , which earns him another one of the Ghosts\' numerous beatings. By this time, he actually dreads the visit of the last ghost and begs Bugs to hide him from it. After a reenactment of Bugs and Daffy\'s hiding routine, he is left alone and the last ghost appears. The Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come (the [[Tasmanian Devil  comes and shows him that because of his greed and selfishness he is dead and his store is permanently closed , leaving everyone out of a job, but allowing them to spend Christmas with their families just like they wanted. When Porky\'s daughter promises to visit Daffy\'s grave every Christmas because no one should be alone on that holiday, his cold demeanor melts and his heart breaks. Realising his greed and selfish nature was to cover up his real wish to be part of a family, Daffy proclaims to be a changed man. Returning to the present, he gives Porky a promotion, hires Playboy Penguin as one of his employees, everyone the gifts that they want and a promise of a raise. There is a brief moment when he slides back to his greedy self, contemplating just how he is going to recover all the costs. However, it immediately fades when Priscilla presents cookies in the shape of a duck and calls him uncle. Daffy thinks she\'s pushing it until she kisses him and he lets her call him "Uncle Daffy". After Bugs munches on a candy cane, the camera pulls out of the mall to end the movie. Porky and Priscilla finish the movie saying the famous line: "T-T-T-That\'s all folks!"'] ['Paul Maddens  is a "frustrated, under-achieving primary school teacher". Every year St Bernadette\'s school competes with a local private school  to see who can produce the best nativity play. Maddens is chosen to create the Nativity play, but he doesn\'t like Christmas because his ex-girlfriend moved to Hollywood. Maddens still loves his ex-girlfriend but she split up with him when he was about to propose. Maddens went to drama school with his ex-girlfriend and another teacher Gordon Shakespeare ([[Jason Watkins . The headteacher Mrs Bevans  gives him a new class teaching assistant called Desmond Poppy who turns out to be her nephew. St Bernadette\'s always comes in second to Gordon Shakespeare\'s private school, Oakmoor. Maddens lies to Shakespeare about how a Hollywood producer, his ex-girlfriend Jennifer Lore , will be turning his production into a Hollywood film starring his pupils. Poppy , an over-enthusiastic classroom assistant, spreads the rumour, and soon Maddens finds his lie is out of control. He even travels to America to try to persuade his ex-girlfriend to visit, and discovers she is a secretary and not a film producer and is unsuccessful in his Hollywood aim. To make the Nativity seem more real, Mr Poppy takes the children to see a woman giving birth  and to go to a farm to see the animals that in the story come up to the manger to see the baby Jesus. But finally, with Poppy\'s help, the nativity is performed, and, despite a sabotage attempt by Shakespeare , the play is a great success, the Hollywood producer Mr Parker visits the play and Maddens and Jennifer are reunited. Happily ever after. The film finishes with Mr Maddens and his girlfriend Jennifer decorating the outside of Mr Maddens house with Christmas lights.'] ['Ebenezer Scrooge is the most greedy, corrupt and mean-spirited crook in the old West and he sees no value in "Holiday Humbug." But when the ghosts of Christmas Past, Present and Future open his eyes, Scrooge discovers that love and friendships are the greatest wealth of all.'] ["Ralph is a retired police officer who has worked as a New York cop for over 38 years. He plans on visiting his niece Jennifer in Chicago for the holidays. Jennifer is a successful businesswoman and the single mother of her young son Brian. She grew up all her life mostly at Ralph's, as her mother was constantly traveling and her father died when she was very young. Since then, she has lost her Christmas spirit. At the airport, Ralph has no idea where he has to be and he is helped by co-traveller Morgan Derby, a 30-year-old chef who has trouble accepting his age. When it turns out his second flight to Denver is cancelled, Ralph offers Morgan to stay at Jennifer's place. Initially, Jennifer is reluctant to take in Morgan, but she allows him to stay, since he is a top chef and she needs someone to make her son a turkey. They soon come to the conclusion that they are two completely different people. Jennifer is irritated by his careless and adventurous behavior and Morgan feels that she is a cynical control freak, which is mostly the result of dating the successful but materialistic businessman Richard Windom. Ralph, however, feels that they are perfect for each other and tries to prevent Jennifer from sending Morgan away. When Jennifer is about to set him off at the airport, it turns out Ralph has stolen his passport. Jennifer and Morgan end up spending the entire day together and bond. With a lot of trouble and some illegal activities, Morgan is able to get Brian the one Christmas gift he wished for: rocketwheel, a very rare bicycle. Later that night, on Christmas Eve, Morgan makes Brian believe in Santa Claus again, by climbing on the roof and pretending to be one of Santa's helpers. Meanwhile, Jen and Richard attend a formal party and get engaged. Upon hearing the news, Morgan feels disappointed and leaves. Jennifer is mad when she finds out, but softens up when Ralph tells her that Morgan nearly killed himself on the roof, trying to make Brian believe in Christmas again. Finally convinced by Ralph and Morgan's opinion on Richard and realizing she is in love with Morgan, she breaks off the engagement. She rushes to the airport, trying to stop Morgan from leaving. In the end, they become a couple."] ['Linus is fond of his teacher, Miss Othmar. To prove his point, he buys her a huge heart-shaped box of chocolates. However, Violet warns him it is probably not smart to fall in love with a teacher. But Linus says that he\'s fond of the "ground she walks on." But when he leaves Sally Brown believes that Linus bought the candy for her, and decides to make him a valentine in return. Later, Lucy goes to a puppet show held by Snoopy. At the concessions stand, Lucy asks for popcorn. However, because Snoopy can\'t understand Lucy he gives her candy, then soda, and finally popcorn. With Charlie Brown narrating the show in a dark cinema, he tells a story about true lovers. Valentine\'s Day then comes and the gang brings valentine cards for everybody. Charlie Brown brings a briefcase hoping he will get lots of valentines. However, after the cards are passed out, it turns out Charlie Brown got none except for a very small candy heart reading "Forget It Kid". Linus also never gave his candy to Miss Othmar because she left with her boyfriend. Sally who still believes the box of candy is for her, is dismayed when he attempts to go after the teacher to give her the candy. Both heartbroken, they take their sadness and anger in different ways. Linus throws his chocolate off a bridge while Charlie Brown kicks his mailbox. The next day Violet gives Charlie Brown a used valentine, as an apology, despite Schroder berating Violet for buying a card for him the day after Valentine\'s Day and giving it to him out of guilt . As Charlie Brown and Linus meet at the brick wall later, Charlie Brown expresses hope that Violet\'s pity valentine will start a trend, and he\'ll get even more valentines the following year.'] ['Ellie Harris  goes to her sister Kate\'s  residential home, Woodlane, in search of a job. Ellie has some trouble adjusting to her new job but quickly befriends a resident named Alice . Ellie decides to have talks with Alice and neglects parts of her job, much to her sister\'s annoyance. She also has trouble doing what she is told by the residents. Because of her friendship with Alice, Ellie decides to help her feel better by taking her down to the river  and giving her marijuana to ease her pain. The next day, however, Ellie finds out that Alice has died. Kate gets news that their mother had a stroke and decides to be with her. She asks Ellie to stay behind with the four residents that are staying over the Christmas holiday because Ellie and her mother do not get along. Georgia Platts  is a former actress and singer. The Nightingale sisters, Heather  and Hazel , are spinsters who moved in after spending years taking care of their mother. Donald Vanston  is a recovering alcoholic who enjoys playing piano and used to be a judge. These four residents are driving out others with their eccentric ways. They also seem to believe that, because they pay to be there, they can act however they please. While Ellie is watching over them, she learns more about the residents. Donald requests his breakfast in his room at 6 o\'clock instead of in the dining room at the usual time at 8. After he gets upset that his order is wrong, she tells him that he can have breakfast in the dining room like everyone else. Donald reveals to Ellie that the music he plays at night is his late wife\'s favorite song and that he regrets not sobering up before she died. Heather demands that she be given any letters addressed to her sister to keep from upsetting her. However, Kate neglected to tell Ellie this and she got a letter for Hazel from the postman. When Ellie goes to give the letter to Hazel in her room, she notices sketches and paintings in her room and realizes that Hazel is a talented artist. Hazel finds Ellie in her room and demands that she leave. Ellie then slips the letter under the door. It is then revealed that Heather has been writing as Hazel when Hazel\'s son Simon, whom she was forced to give up for adoption, tried to find her. Heather later tells Hazel that she was afraid that Simon would take Hazel away from her. Hazel then tells Heather that she will always love her and they decide to meet Simon together in the new year. Georgia constantly asks for Ellie to make her martinis and makes frequent trips to the local pub to entertain the patrons. Georgia tells Ellie that after her husband died, she decided to get back into the theater, but realized that everything had changed since she was young. She then moved into Woodlane because she hated being alone and that abusing everyone is "part of the fun". Ellie decides to have a Christmas dinner with the residents and they all go out to buy decorations and food . They decide to have a drink in the pub and Ellie points out Hazel\'s paintings hung on the wall behind them. Heather then shows everyone her talent at playing pool. They all drive back to the home while singing carols. They then have their Christmas dinner together and start to get along with each other. The next day, Mr. Evans , from the Department of Health, arrives and is shocked that Kate would leave residents alone. The residents band together saying that they wanted to stay and that they are a family. Donald then asks if he wants to stay for dinner, but Mr. Evans leaves, startled. He then comes back saying that he was upset because his wife just left him and he stays for dinner. Later, when Kate returns, Heather is shown keeping a garden, Hazel is painting outside, and Donald and Georgia are handing out tea to some boys who are raking the lawn. Ellie then tells Kate that she has decided to leave and will spend some time with their mother. At the end, Donald and Georgia are dancing outside, singing How About You?'] ["A murderer is running loose through the streets of London, hunting down men dressed as Santa and killing them all in different, and extremely violent, fashions. Inspector Harris has decided to take on the unenviable task of tracking down the psychopath, but he's going to have his work cut out for him. Only the suspicious reporter, Giles, seems to offer the Inspector any promising leads."] ['Orlando "Brad" McVie  and his girlfriend, Kate  are a happily unmarried and childfree, upscale San Francisco couple whose respective households are somewhat similar - both bearing divorced parents, warring siblings with out-of-control kids and general awkward memories and simmering resentments from the past, which they find too embarrassing to share with each other. In an effort to avoid these families at Christmas time, Brad and Kate pretend to be engaging in charitable work and escape to exotic sun-spots, such as Fiji, to enjoy a relaxing Christmas there. Unfortunately, in the third Christmas of their relationship, Brad and Kate are trapped at San Francisco International Airport by a fogbank that cancels every outbound flight. To make matters worse, they are caught on camera and then interviewed by a CBS 5 news crew, revealing their whereabouts to the whole city and, worst of all, their families. With no escape, their lies foiled and no excuses to make, they find themselves unable to avoid a Christmas at home with their respective families. They first visit Brad\'s father , then Kate\'s mother , and then Brad\'s mother  and, finally, Kate\'s father , thereby celebrating four Christmases in one day. As they brace themselves for a marathon of homecomings, Brad and Kate expect the worst, but are nevertheless unable to prepare themselves enough for what they get. As the day progresses, each discover a new secret about each other that both had been too embarrassed to tell each other about, and soon find their relationship on the verge of collapse. While Brad counts down the minutes to freedom, Kate finds herself looking at the lives of Brad\'s and her own siblings and realises that she does want a marriage and children of her own, the prospect of which frightens Brad. Eventually, in the final visit of the day, at Kate\'s father\'s house, Kate asks Brad to let her spend the visit on her own and claims to her family that they had split up. Meanwhile, Brad spends some time at his own father\'s house with just his father and realises how empty his life is without a marriage and children, and that he loves Kate much too much to leave her. He returns to her and they discuss the possibilities of having a child and getting married. The two then embark on their holiday in Fiji. A year later on New Year\'s Day, the couple welcomes their first born child, a baby girl, which they have spent the last nine months hiding from their families. However, as their baby is the first born in the New Year, a news crew comes to congratulate them - once again revealing them, and their new baby to the whole city, and their families.'] ['Two blue-collar Easter Bunnies get fired and try their hand at an assortment of odd jobs, failing at each. Fighting depression, debt and eventually each other, their lives start to unravel until they realize that without their job they are nothing.'] ['In the 19th Century Missouri, a troll, named Trantor, is responsible for kidnapping children and turning them into wooden dolls is captured by the townsfolk led by Phineas Worrell who binds the troll under the roots of a great oak tree. But before they can complete the ritual, Trantor casts a curse on the townsfolk that he will return and once he has captured five children, his children will be born from that very tree and overrun humanity. He also curses Phineas that each generation of Worrells would be born less and less intelligent so not to thwart his next attempt. The film then fast forwards to the 20th century, nearly one hundred years later where the legend of Trantor is being told by a girl named Elizabeth, but the story is dismissed as a folklore and fiction. Meanwhile, Ernest P. Worrell  works as a sanitation engineer for the town and is close friends with Elizabeth and her two friends Joey and Kenny, the son of the town sheriff. After their haunted clubhouse is ruined by the Mayor\'s two bullying sons, Ernest promises to find them a better place to build one shortly before he is ordered to clear the land of Old Lady Hackmore  but he is frightened off by her, and when running through her land, he comes across a gigantic tree, which he and the kids decide to turn into a treehouse. Unbeknownst to them that it is the same tree under which Trantor is buried, and when Ernest accidentally incites the incantation to summon Trantor, he releases the troll. Unable to get help from Sheriff Binder, Ernest goes to Old Lady Hackmore for help while Joey falls victim to Trantor. The next day, Joey\'s disappearance concerns Kenny and Elizabeth while Tom and Bobby Tulip, claiming to be the only two to believe Ernest\'s warnings of a troll take advantage of him by selling him fake troll-trapping devices, many of which backfire. One of them traps the Mayor\'s sons in a dumpster which results in his immediate firing. Meanwhile, Trantor captures a skateboarder, and later that night Elizabeth who finds Trantor had invaded her bedroom. While trick or treating, Kenny is lured away from a friend by hearing Elizabeth\'s voice and his friend is taken as the fourth victim. Ernest then learns through a book that Old Lady Hackmore has that two things can destroy Trantor; "The heart of a child." and "A mother\'s care." an inscription of MI_K is Ernest\'s only clue which he thinks is "Miak" but he later learns it\'s milk. And Hackmore learns that "A mother\'s care" is unconditional love. They arrive too late for Trantor to attack and capture the Mayor\'s youngest son as his final wooden doll, and out of spite, transforms Rimshot as well. Kenny realizes Trantor\'s weakness, and gathers the mayor\'s other son and a group of the neighborhood kids to fight Trantor with milk. They are too late to stop Trantor\'s pods from hitting the ground and giving birth to his children who attack the townsfolk. Kenny and the others launch a defensive and manage to destroy all of the trolls except for Trantor who becomes too powerful to be affected by milk. He turns Kenny into a wooden doll and faces Ernest, who realizes that the only weapon that will affect Trantor is the heart of a child and he showers Trantor in love and affection, dancing with him and giving him a kiss on the nose. This overload of affection causes Trantor\'s head to explode and disintegrate, and the people of the town celebrate and congratulate Ernest; to their joy, Trantor\'s spell is broken on the children he had taken, the five from that night as well as four children from the 19th century including Hackmore\'s sister who reunites with her now-older sister. Ernest bouts in depression, wondering if he\'d get anything out of saving the town and everyone\'s lives when Rimshot comes running and leaping into his arms, making it a happy night for everyone.'] ['In 1816 in Germany Clara\'s family are celebrating on Christmas Eve. Clara is jealous because her sister, Louise, has a boyfriend, leaving her feeling sad and wondering about growing up. She immediately cheers up when the eccentric Uncle Drosselmeier arrives at their home with special gifts: a fully automated toy castle for everyone, and a Nutcracker for Clara. Upon giving her the Nutcracker, Drosselmeier tells her a story about how the Nutcracker came to be the Prince of the Dolls.  In Sweden in 1190, 707 years previously in Stockholm, there was a King and Queen who had a beautiful  daughter named Princess Pirlipat. To celebrate the King\'s birthday, the Queen ordered a special cake made out of blue cheese, the King\'s favorite. However, the scent of the cheese drew out all the mice, who ate and destroyed the cake. The King was enraged and commanded his inventor, whose name happened to be Drosselmeier, to capture all the mice. Drosselmeier and his nephew Hans were successful in capturing all the mice except the Mouse Queen and her only son. In revenge, the Mouse Queen cast a spell on Pirlipat, causing her to become hideously ugly. Drosselmeier was once again given the task of figuring out how to cure her. He eventually learned that the fabled Krakatooth Nut can cure her, on the condition that it is cracked open in the teeth of a young man who has never worn boots. The King commanded all the princes and noblemen to apply, with the promise of marrying Pirlipat once she is cured. However, the Krakatooth is so hard that all the men\'s teeth shatter upon trying to crack it. Drosselmeier is about to be punished for being unable to cure Pirlipat when Hans steps in. He manages to crack the nut open between his teeth and gives it to Pirlipat, breaking the spell. The angered Mouse Queen then casts a spell on Hans, turning him into the Prince of the Dolls. Hans collapses and transforms into a Nutcracker. During the ruckus, the Mouse Queen is crushed by a falling statue and her son\'s tail is caught and bent. He survives and declares himself the Mouse King. Drosselmeier is exiled from the kingdom for trying to pass a "Nutcracker as a son-in-law", while the King and Queen celebrate with their now-cured daughter. As Drosselmeier holds Hans, the Mouse King vows revenge upon Hans for ruining his tail.  Clara is upset by the story for its unhappy ending, but is consoled when Drosselmeier tells her that the spell can be broken if he defeats the Mouse King and wins the hand of a fair maiden. While playing with his toy soldiers, Clara\'s brother Fritz breaks the Nutcracker. Clara is heartbroken but Drosselmeier promises to fix it for her. That night, when everyone has gone to sleep, Clara ventures into the sitting room to dance with her Nutcracker and introduces him to her dolls, Trudy, Marie and Pantaloon, an old general in Fritz\'s toy soldier army. Suddenly the Mouse King and his army of mice arrive, intent on getting his revenge on the Nutcracker for his injured tail. Drosselmeier appears on the grandfather clock and brings the Nutcracker and all the dolls and soldiers in the room to life. The Nutcracker, who has no memories following being transformed, battles the Mouse King while the soldiers fight the mice. Clara saves the Nutcracker from the Mouse King by throwing her slipper at him. The first battle comes to a halt, though, when she slips on a cannonball and crashes into the clock, losing consciousness for the rest of the night. The next morning, she awakens in her own bed and tries to tell her mother about the battle, only to be told to rest. Drosselmeier visits with the repaired but now lifeless Nutcracker, giving only vague answers to Clara\'s questions about the previous night. The next night, the Mouse King returns, angry about what Clara has done. Before he can go after the Nutcracker once more, Clara tricks him, briefly trapping him in her room. However, when she retrieves the unawakened toy, the Mouse King has escaped and threatens to harm her kitten, Pavlova, if she doesn\'t hand the Nutcracker over. Suddenly, Drosselmeier reappears and the toys awaken once more. The Nutcracker tells Clara not to worry, but then is cut by the mouse king. This leads into a fearsome fight under the Christmas tree. The Mouse King is supposedly defeated when he is stabbed in the chest and falls off the tree to his death. The leaderless army of mice run away amid the cheering toys. When everyone see that Pantaloon has been injured in the fight, they have to return to the Land of the Dolls to revive him. Clara is then shrunken down to doll size thanks to Drosselmeier\'s magic and they enter the Land of the Dolls through the toy castle. As they leave, Pavlova goes to inspect the Mouse King\'s body, but is frightened away by a sudden growl.  The Nutcracker, Clara, Pantaloon, Trudy and Marie arrive at the Land of Dolls on flying swans, passing forests of Christmas trees and arriving at a palace made of sweets. Once they are there, Pantaloon is cured. The Nutcracker is given a royal welcome as the Prince of the Dolls amid many cheering toys. Clara shares a romantic dance with the Nutcracker, who takes her by the hand and gets down on one knee. He then asks her to stay with him and be his princess. Clara is ready to embrace her childhood fantasies and her beloved companion but sadly refuses; she wishes she could, but the adventures of growing up and her family are still waiting for her. The dolls start to turn back into inanimate toys, and a dying Mouse King suddenly arrives for one last chance at revenge. The Nutcracker tries to save her, but slowly turns back into a toy himself. Clara tries to keep the Mouse King at bay, but he corners her on a balcony. As he strikes, he falls off the castle to his death in the river below, almost taking Clara with him. Clara pulls herself back up and finds the castle is completely abandoned. She tearfully cries out for her Nutcracker as mist fills the lonely palace.  Clara wakes up to find herself back home. There is no sign of the events that she has experienced except her brother\'s statement that Pavlova discovered a large dead mouse near the toy castle. Clara rushes downstairs to find the Nutcracker missing. She runs to Uncle Drosselmeier\'s workshop where he seems to be expecting her. She begs him to tell her whether the fairytale he told her was true. Clara is suddenly silenced when a young boy enters the room, carrying a big clock. Drosselmeier introduces the boy as his nephew Hans, whom Clara recognizes as her beloved Nutcracker in his human form. The film ends with the Nutcracker and Clara addressing each other. "Hello, Clara." The Nutcracker says and then she replies "Hello, Nutcracker".'] ['{{plot}} Left-wing activist and filmmaker Michael Malone , a parody of Michael Moore, is campaigning to end the celebration of the Fourth of July. Malone holds pronounced anti-American views and truculently argues that America\'s past and present are both offensive, and therefore should not be celebrated. Josh Malone, Michael\'s nephew, is an officer in the United States Navy and is about to deploy to the Persian Gulf. His uncle, however, regards him with disgust. At an awards ceremony hosted by Paris Hilton, Malone receives the Leni Riefenstahl Award for his documentary Die, You American Pigs. On the evening of July 3, Malone is watching a speech from President John F. Kennedy. However, when Malone mistakenly interprets the President\'s words to mean avoiding war at all costs, the disgruntled long-dead President steps out of a television set, corrects Malone, and tells him that he will be visited by three spirits. In keeping with the "Christmas Carol" format, the next morning, Malone is then visited by General George S. Patton , who tries to make him rethink his view of America. Arguing that sometimes war is necessary for the greater cause, Patton shows him an alternate world where slavery still exists because Abraham Lincoln chose not to fight the Civil War. He then shows the filmmaker how British Prime Minister Chamberlain  appeased Adolf Hitler . Malone is even allowed to attempt to communicate with Hitler, but is blatantly ignored by him. In a second scenario, Patton provides a view of a college classroom where, in a musical number, professors sing about how their views on peace and life have not changed since when they were hippies in 1968. The professors promise good grades to students who agree with their views. Patton sums up the situation as \'"indoctrination rather than education.". However, Michael refuses to even reconsider his anti-American views and a despondent Patton apologizes for his failure before the altar of a Manhattan church to his \'father\'. To Malone\'s shock, he learns that the General was addressing not God, but the ghost of George Washington , who reveals that this is the very church where he prayed for his country every day of his presidency. When Michael comments about the large amount of dust there, Washington opens a door and reveals that it comes from the destruction of the World Trade Center in the September 11 attacks in 2001. Shaken but still unmoved, Malone is visited by the angel of death , who takes him to a future Los Angeles which has been taken over by radical Islamists. Later, he is taken to the ruins of his hometown in Michigan, which has been destroyed by a nuclear bomb planted by Al Qaeda. In a makeshift morgue, Malone learns that he will be killed in this attack, leaving nothing behind but his trademark hat and "big ass." Facing his death, Malone pleads for his life with the Angel, promising to change. Later, Malone arrives at an anti-Fourth of July protest rally and publicly renounces his former views. This triggers an outraged mob from which he is rescued, however, by American servicemen. Safe inside a country music concert, he is formally welcomed to "the real America." Malone then finds himself preventing a terrorist bombing there by three Arab men he had inadvertently given green cards to earlier. And, finally, he runs to the docks in time to see his enlisted nephew, Josh, off to the Persian Gulf. He tells Josh how very proud he is of him and promises to look in on his wife and family during his deployment. As the film concludes, Malone is a changed man who loves his country and realizes how precious freedom is, even while sticking to his liberal views. Taking Patton\'s advice to advocate American values in film, the film ends with Malone starting to film a JFK biopic he intends to be "more accurate" than Oliver Stone\'s movie.'] ['Chicago resident Clark Wilhelm Griswold Jr.  has really got the Christmas spirit this year, and his wife Ellen , son Rusty , and daughter Audrey  have noticed that. On a quest for "The Griswold Family Christmas Tree," Clark has planned a "good, old-fashioned family Christmas." Clark has invited Ellen\'s parents Art Smith  and Frances Smith , his own parents Clark Wilhelm Griswold Sr ([[John Randolph  and Nora Griswold , and his Aunt Bethany  and Uncle Lewis ([[William Hickey  to spend the holidays at the Griswold house in Chicago. But in spite of all the good intentions and careful planning, Christmas plans start to go awry. Clark is obsessed with making everything go perfectly during the holiday season, but as soon as everyone arrives, things start going haywire, especially when the Griswolds receive some uninvited surprise guests from Kansas -- cousin Catherine , her sloppy husband Eddie , and two of their kids, Rocky  and Ruby Sue . Clark decorates the outside of the house with 250 strands of lights with 100 bulbs on each strand for a total of 25,000 light bulbs, enough to make the power company turn on their auxiliary nuclear generator. However, he accidentally wires them up to his garage light, causing him to believe he has fixed them every time someone turns it on. Clark also annoys his snobby next door neighbors, Todd Chester  and his wife Margo . Also, Clark has nostalgic moments of Christmas past when he is accidentally locked in the attic, and watches an old home movie from a past Christmas . Even with his bumbling ways, Clark, who works for a company that produces food colorings, additives, and preservatives, manages to keep things going as he waits for his Christmas bonus from work so he\'ll have enough money to have a swimming pool put in the back yard. But it turns out that Clark\'s boss, a scrooge whose name is Frank Shirley , has decided to cut Christmas bonuses this year, without informing his employees. And Clark learns that Eddie and his family have lost their home, and are living in the RV. And in the place of his Christmas bonus, Clark is enrolled in the "Jelly of the Month" club. That causes Clark to snap and unleash a string of insults regarding Frank. This situation gives Eddie the idea for the perfect Christmas gift for Clark after Clark offers to help Eddie treat Rocky and Ruby Sue to a good Christmas -- Eddie goes to Frank\'s house, puts Frank in the RV, and brings Frank to the Griswold house, so Eddie and the Griswolds can help Frank see the error of his ways. Frank finally sees reason about the Christmas bonuses. A SWAT team, called by Frank\'s wife Helen , raids the home, but Frank explains that it\'s all a misunderstanding and admits he was wrong to withhold bonuses from his employees. He then decides to give Clark his bonus, along with an added 20%. Uncle Lewis\'s cigar ignites the gas from the sewage Eddie had earlier dumped down the storm drain while emptying the holding tank on his RV, blasting a Santa ornament into the sky. Everyone watches the strange but touching sight, whilst Aunt Bethany sings a part of The Star-Spangled Banner, as Clark realizes his dream of the perfect family Christmas. The Santa and reindeer lawn ornaments fly across the sky, having been propelled by the explosion.'] ["The story of the film is based on an old legend, that Santa Claus  gives animals the ability to speak on Christmas.{{citation needed}} The film takes place in a fictional rural farming community named Twobridge somewhere in Tennessee where a young calf named Annabelle is born on Christmas Eve. Upon meeting Santa Claus, she becomes fascinated with reindeer and their ability to fly, and wishes to fly herself. At the same time, having been gifted with the temporary ability to speak, she befriends her farmer's grandson Billy, who suffers from muteness due to smoke inhalation after a fire in the barn. Throughout the course of the year, they learn the true value of friendship and learn that with faith and a willingness to overcome great odds, anybody can achieve their dreams. Once Annabelle loses her ability to talk, the ability is permanently given to Billy, who later finds out. At the end of the movie, when Billy is a grown man married to his best friend Emily, Santa Claus grants Annabelle's wish of flying by turning her into one of his reindeer, returning her ability to speak in the process."] ['Somewhere in the 14th century, Claus  is a peasant woodcutter in his mid-50s who, with his wife Anya , delivers his gifts to the children of a certain village. One night, Claus, Anya and their reindeer, Donner and Blitzen, are rescued from certain death in a blizzard, only to be transported to the vast "ice mountains, way up at the top of the world." Their expected arrival is heralded with the appearance of several elves, or &ndash; as Claus\'s people call them in their legends &ndash; the Vendequm, led by the venerable and wise elf named Dooley . The Clauses also meet Patch , an inventive elf who has designs for such future items like plumbing and an alarm clock, and Puffy ([[Anthony O\'Donnell . Introduced to the mass workshop where the elves construct endless amounts of toys for the world\'s children, Claus learns that it is his destiny to distribute those toys on Christmas Eve. After months of preparation, Christmas Eve arrives and Claus is granted the name "Santa Claus" by the Ancient One , the eldest of the elves. Santa\'s yearly routine of delivering his gifts begins when he uses his modified sleigh and six additional reindeer to accompany Donner and Blitzen. When all eight deer are joined together, they can fly by eating an otherworldly reindeer feed. Two separate musical montages follow, each depicting Santa delivering toys across the centuries, and demonstrating how a great deal of the mythos around him is established. Eventually, the film moves to the late 20th century. Santa is becoming increasingly tired by the workload of toys he must deliver, combined with the ever-growing population of the planet. At that point, Anya suggests that Santa should have an assistant. Patch and Puffy are selected as candidates, and both their ideas are compared in a competition. A third musical montage takes us through the competition, which Patch ultimately wins through his invention of an automated manufacturing machine. Several nights later, on Christmas Eve, Santa meets up with a homeless boy named Joe , with whom he immediately bonds, ultimately inviting the 10-year-old along for the night ride. During the flight, Santa tempts the reindeer into performing an aerial stunt dubbed the "SuperDuper Looper" in which the reindeer attempt to perform a 360° degree circle in midair, but, as often happens each year, the maneuver fails when Donner\'s aerial dizziness gets the better of him. Santa and Joe unintentionally awaken a 9-year-old girl named Cornelia , who had secretly spent some days befriending Joe. On Christmas morning, Patch is dismayed when his toys break and are returned to the workshop. Resigning his post as Santa\'s assistant, the reluctant Patch leaves the North Pole. Patch goes to New York City where he meets B.Z. , Cornelia\'s step-uncle  &ndash; a greedy and scheming toymaking executive who is on the verge of losing his company after being subject to a Congressional investigation due to the shoddy products he has made. Patch offers to help him make toys, believing at first that B.Z.\'s toys are successful when he witnesses them being removed quickly from shops, although they are actually being recalled. Patch uses the ingredient from the reindeer feed to create a puce colored lollipop that can make people float in midair, and it soon becomes quite popular among children, making Santa feel unwanted. B.Z. then manufactures candy canes using the ingredient, but is horrified to discover that a batch of the stuff will explode when exposed to extreme heat. On discovering this news, B.Z. resolves to keep this information a secret and schemes to move to a South American country with no extradition treaty to avoid criminal prosecution. B.Z. captures and imprisons Joe when he finds him eavesdropping on him and his head of Research & Development, Dr. Eric Towzer . Patch later finds and frees a bound and gagged Joe and decides to return to the North Pole with him, when he sees a carved toy resembling himself, an "elf-portrait", given to Joe by Santa. The two friends buckle themselves into the incredible Patchmobile, which they have stuffed with loads and loads of the candy canes. The NYPD then go to arrest B.Z. after Cornelia alerts them of her uncle\'s crimes, but he eats some of the candy canes and finds himself floating in midair, eventually disappearing far, far up into the sky. Having summoned him with an incomplete letter, Cornelia and Santa now pursue Patch and Joe until the Patchmobile explodes, the result of the candy canes\' exposure to heat. Their only hope of saving them now is to attempt the aforementioned "Super Duper Looper". Finally, with Patch reconciled with his fellow elves, Joe is welcomed into the Clauses\' family and Cornelia is invited to stay for a year. Dooley reacts to the addition of Joe and Cornelia by commenting: "As if I don\'t have enough to do! Now, I\'m going to have to be a schoolteacher!" To which both children gasp: "School?!" The film ends with the inhabitants of the North Pole celebrating the triumph with a joyous dance party. The film\'s final images are of B.Z. floating away into space, doomed to die of asphyxiation in the upper atmosphere among the floating remains of the Patchmobile.'] ["Suzie Austin  has cancer and her most recent prognosis is unfavorable. Fearing that this may be their last Christmas together, husband Andrew Austin  takes Suzie and their two children, Chris  and Mary  to the family's summer home on Lake Erie to celebrate the holiday. There they meet Gus . Andrew comes to terms with his past as the family deals with his wife's failing health."] ["Trudie is an aspiring painter stuck working as a restaurant waitress. With the pressure to please her parents building, a job interview that goes poorly and getting dumped by her boyfriend, she has a nervous breakdown. Stressed about going home for the holidays alone, she kidnaps David Martin, a random customer at the restaurant in which she works and introduces him to her parents as her boyfriend, Nick. Trudie's family is vacationing at a very isolated house miles away from anything, so David is unable to escape . He finally decides to play along until the police come, but he ultimately falls in love with Trudie and understands why she felt forced to kidnap him in the first place. But this Christmas holiday comes to an abrupt end when her brother announces that he is gay and her sister says that she has disenrolled in Law School and with the tuition her dad has been sending her bought a pilates studio and then police show up and arrest the family during dinner. Before he was kidnapped, David had a successful job and a beautiful, rich girlfriend. During his time with Trudie and her family, he realizes his life has developed into something he did not intend. After the police show up at Christmas dinner and arrest the family, he decides not to press charges. Trudie does not see or hear from David for a few months, but sees his engagement announcement in the newspaper. Trudie is invited to show her art at a local art gallery and is stunned to see one of her pieces is sold during the show. As she is leaving the show, she is kidnapped and taken to a nearby building. Her kidnapper turns out to be David. He tells her he bought this building and is making it into an architecture/art studio. He decided to turn his life around and do something he really loves...architecture. He also wanted an art studio and shows her his first art piece he just purchased, and it turns out to be hers. David admits his love for Trudie and Trudie admits her feelings towards him as well. They share a kiss as the credits start to roll."] ['It is Life Day . Chewbacca, accompanied by Han Solo, is headed home to see his family. Along the way, the duo are chased by two Star Destroyers, but they escape into hyperspace. Meanwhile, on Kashyyyk, Chewbacca\'s family is preparing for his return. Malla attempts  to prepare a meal, the instructions of which are being aired via a local cooking show by an eccentric four-armed alien cook, Chef Gormaanda. Hoping to find the Millennium Falcon, she runs a computer scan for starships in the area, but is unsuccessful. Malla contacts Luke Skywalker, who, along with R2-D2, is working on his X-wing starfighter. Luke tells her that he does not know what happened. Malla contacts Saun Dann, a local human trader. He tells her through a carefully worded message that Han and Chewbacca are on their way and should be arriving soon. Saun Dann arrives with Life Day gifts for everyone. Back on the Falcon, Chewbacca and Han have just come out of hyperspace not far from Kashyyyk. Han notices an increased Imperial presence, so they decide to land in an unguarded area to the north. As they enter the atmosphere, Lumpy hears the roaring of the ship. Believing Han and Chewie might be arriving, Malla opens the door, but instead finds two Stormtroopers and officers. The Imperials force their way into the house. An officer orders a search for Chewbacca. As they search Saun Dann and the others attempt to distract them with food and Malla\'s music video box . When the music finishes, the head officer orders the search to continue. The head officer tells Malla to keep Lumpy busy while they search his room, so Lumpy  watches a cartoon on a viewscreen of one of his father\'s many adventures. The cartoon deals with Luke, Han, and Leia\'s first encounter with Boba Fett. During a search for a talisman, the Millennium Falcon crashes on a water planet known as Panna. Upon landing, they run into Fett, who claims to want to help them after saving Luke from a giant monster that attacks him from behind. They all board the Falcon, where Han has been infected by a mysterious sleeping virus caused by the talisman. Luke then contracts the virus as well. Fett and Chewie go into Panna City to get the cure. Once they get into the Imperial-occupied city, Fett instructs Chewie to stay behind while he gets the cure. Once away from Chewie, Fett contacts Darth Vader. On the Falcon, as C-3PO is caring for Han and Luke, R2-D2 intercepts the call between Vader and Fett, causing worry for C-3PO. Evading the Imperials, Fett and Chewie return to the Falcon with the cure. After everyone recovers from the virus, they learn of Fett\'s true allegiances. Fett blasts away in his jet pack, promising that they\'ll meet again. Everyone then escapes from the planet, and back to the rebel base on board the Falcon. When the cartoon finishes, Lumpy works to create a translation device from his Amorphian machine that will fool the Imperials into returning to their base by faking their commander\'s voice. To do so, he first must watch the manual for the device, being presented by a malfunctioning, incompetent robot . While the Imperials are all searching downstairs, the living room viewscreen activates, announcing that Tatooine is now being put under curfew by the Empire, due to "subversive forces." The video is announced as required viewing for all Imperial forces and much of it features Ackmena running the Mos Eisley Cantina. Part of the scene is shown in the bar. Ackmena is approached by an admirer: Krelman, an amorous alien, who misunderstood something she said to him the other night. When The Empire announces the curfew, Ackmena announces "last drink," and when the creatures ignore her, she sings a song, "Good night, but not goodbye" set to the "Cantina Band" theme. Lumpy uses this opportunity to put his plan into motion, faking a repeated call for the Imperials to "return to base." They leave, but the head officer instructs one of the stormtroopers to stay behind. After the other Imperials leave, the stormtrooper still hears the repeating signal and realizes they were tricked. He finds Lumpy and destroys the machine, then chases Lumpy outside. As they both run onto the deck, Han and Chewbacca arrive. Chewie protects Lumpy as Han dispatches the stormtrooper. After reuniting with everyone, an Imperial officer appears on the viewscreen, giving a general alert for the missing stormtrooper. Saun Dann quickly says that the trooper stole food and supplies and deserted, and the officer says he will send out a search party. The danger averted, the family prepares to go the festival at the Tree of Life. The family is seen in space, travelling toward a bright star. They walk into it, arriving at the great Tree of Life, where many Wookiees dressed in red robes are gathered. As Chewbacca takes the stage, C-3PO and R2-D2 suddenly appear, along with Luke, Leia and Han. Leia gives a short speech on the meaning of Life Day and sings a song in celebration, to the tune of the Star Wars theme, missing the high note. At the conclusion of the ceremony, Chewbacca remembers the adventures he had in the first film. That night, the Wookiee family sit around the feast table, celebrating the day and being back together again.'] ['The show begins by introducing Jake Spankenheimer, the main character, along with his family, most notably Grandma Spankenheimer, who owns a small general store in the town of Cityville. The store also happens to be the only piece of property not owned by Austin Bucks, the town\'s richest man, whose company specializes in making Christmas easier and less involved for the town\'s overly busy residents. Grandma, however, tells Austin Bucks that his method of trying to make Christmas easier is not really for the best and refuses to sell. This runs afoul of Cousin Mel, the family\'s gold-digging relative, who plans to sell the store anyway. Jake loves the holiday season, as does his grandmother, though most of his family is not as excited about it. Jake and his older sister, Daphne, also quarrel over Santa Claus\' existence, as Jake\'s parents try to  break the news to him that Santa is not really real. Meanwhile, Cousin Mel comes up with a plan to sabotage Grandma\'s famous fruit cake recipe, secretly adding a disgusting ingredient with hopes that they won\'t sell, forcing Grandma to sell the store to Austin Bucks. Grandma, who hadn\'t taken her medication that evening, then takes the fruit cakes and her other baked goods with her when she leaves the house on Christmas Eve night, but as she leaves Santa flies by overhead and his reindeer, suddenly out of control, crash into her. Jake sees out the window, but the family refuses to believe him. The next morning, however, Grandma is missing, and the police find an imprint of her in the snow, along with her belongings; Cousin Mel also finds a letter explaining what happened that she quickly hides from the others. However, no one can tell where Grandma is herself. Almost a year passes without Grandma, and during this time, Cousin Mel comes up with a new plan to sell the store to Austin Bucks, by tricking Grandpa Spankenheimer  into giving her his power of attorney. She then plans to sell the store to Austin Bucks, but when Jake objects, Bucks agrees to give him another week in order to find Grandma before going through with the deal. Adamant in his belief that Santa ran over her, Jake e-mails Santa, and soon Quincy, Santa\'s "head elf," comes to take Jake to the North Pole. It turns out that Santa had run over Grandma, but had then taken her back to his home for medical treatment. Unfortunately she now had amnesia, and until receiving Jake\'s e-mail Santa had been unsure of who she was. However, when Jake explains the situation back in Cityville, Santa, Quincy and the amnesiac Grandma agree to go with him to stop the deal. When they arrive in Cityville, however, Cousin Mel and her attorney, I.M. Slime, quickly come up with a plan to kidnap Grandma, and after Santa explains to Austin Bucks what happened, Jake and Quincy discover that Grandma has gone missing again. Cousin Mel and I.M. Slime then accuse Santa of being behind her disappearance, and he is put on trial for kidnapping, leaving the scene of an accident and "sleighicular negligence." The two then plot to sue him, deducing that someone who can pay for billions of presents must be incredibly wealthy. Now Cousin Mel is going too far. Jake becomes suspicious that Cousin Mel may have been involved in Grandma\'s second disappearance, and follow her to a cabin in the woods where she and I.M. Slime have been keeping Grandma. They rescue Grandma, and also find the piece of paper Cousin Mel had found at the site of Grandma\'s accident---a note from Santa explaining what had happened---and a vial of the ingredient Cousin Mel had added to Grandma\'s fruit cakes, which turned out to be "reindeer-nip". They then manage to restore Grandma\'s memory by feeding her some of her own famous fruit cake, and rush to the courthouse to prove that Cousin Mel had been behind everything that happened to Grandma. Confronted with the evidence, Cousin Mel is forced to confess, and she is placed under arrest. Austin Bucks then approaches Grandma again, this time offering to franchise her store throughout the country, having seen how much she and Jake care about their family and family business. The show ends with Grandma accidentally picking up the tainted fruit cake instead of her own recipe, with the result that Santa hits her again as he\'s trying to fly back to the North Pole. Grandpa and Jake pick her up; this time Grandma didn\'t suffer amnesia. Santa\'s sleigh takes off into the night with him saying the Spanish phase for "Merry Christmas".'] ['After Santa Claus has noticed how many children have become naughty, he decides that he will not deliver presents to any children this year. But his daughter, Kristin Claus, thinks there is one more chance for a Christmas. Kristin took on the challenge of trying to deliver all the presents  in the Mortal World.She made a deal with people in the North Pole that should would change a family on "Santa\'s Naughty List" to be on the "Nice List". She uses her magic to go to the Morgan house, a family of a single father and two spoiled children, and try to change them to nice. But the children are tricked by Rudolfa, Kristin\'s sister, who wants to turn Christmas into a joking holiday. Kristin was mistaken as a nanny for the children and played along with the role. The children begin to resent Kristin, and Kyle Morgan even told their dad that Kristin was dangerous. Kyle tries to engage Brittni into it. They treated Kristin badly and she left the Morgan house when no one was at home. Bill Morgan became work-obsessed since his wife died. On a work-trip he carried along the children and their uncle and took a rest stop at a diner. They met Kristin there  and Bill convinced her to look after the children on the trip. The family  take an unexpected detour. Rudolfa uses her magic to make a fake detour sign and sends the family in the middle of nowhere. She also sent an elf dressed as a deer into the middle of the road, causing them to swerve into a ditch. They spend the night at a nearby old, abandoned house, where Kristin confronts Bill about his own selfish ways. The kids continue to act selfish and bratty, but Bill and Kristin don\'t put up with it. Brittni soon realizes that she is behaving bratty and makes the family breakfast-in-bed from some food supplies she found in the house. A fire breaks out, and Kyle, the family\'s son almost dies. Kristin gives her immortality to save him, but she now cannot remember her past.'] ['After being shot down by police at the end of the previous film, the infamous Santa Claus Killer Richard "Ricky" Caldwell has been left comatose for six years, with a transparent dome being affixed to his head by doctors in order to repair his damaged skull. Wanting to contact Ricky, the eccentric Dr. Newbury begins using a blind clairvoyant girl named Laura Anderson to try reach out to him. One Christmas Eve, after a particularly traumatic session with Newbury, Laura begins to regret her participation in his experiment, but Newbury tries to convince her to keep trying, saying that they can talk more after Laura returns home from visiting her grandmother over the holiday. After Laura is picked up from the hospital by her older brother Chris, a drunk hospital employee dressed as Santa Claus wanders into Ricky\'s room and begins taunting him, rousing Ricky back to consciousness. Killing the Santa impersonator Ricky escapes from the hospital, taking a letter opener with him after killing a receptionist as well. Picked up from a session with her psychiatrist, Laura is introduced by her brother to his new girlfriend, a flight attendant named Jerri who Laura takes a dislike to. As the trio head off to Granny\'s they fail to notice Ricky  following them. Acquiring a truck and some fuel after murdering a motorist and gas station attendant, Ricky makes it to Granny\'s first; believing Ricky is simply an unfortunate handicapped vagrant Granny tries befriending him, but is killed when Ricky is provoked at the sight of a Christmas gift she offers him. At the hospital the two staff members butchered by Ricky are found and Lieutenant Connely and Newbury begin trying to track Ricky down, realizing he is drawn towards Laura after surveillance camera footage shows him uttering her name. Reaching Granny\'s house, Laura feels something is wrong, though her suspicions are ignored by Chris, who believes Granny may have simply gone for a walk. When Granny fails to show up and the car is found sabotaged the group become worried, with Chris and Jerri deciding to go out and look for Granny. Left alone Laura senses Ricky staring at her through the window and screams, bringing Chris and Jerri back to the house. After discovering the phone is dead and her picture is missing Laura realizes it must be Ricky who is after her moments before Ricky punches through the door and begins throttling Jerri, who is saved when Chris stabs Ricky in the arm. Elsewhere when Connely leaves the car to urinate Newbury drives off, intending to try to reason with or trap Ricky, not wanting his experiment to go to waste by having Connely kill Ricky. Armed with an old shotgun Chris, Laura, and Jerri go out in search of aid, but are ambushed by Ricky, who stabs Chris in the chest while Laura and Jerri run back to the house, just as Newbury finds Ricky. At first Ricky is uninterested in Newbury but is drawn close when Newbury plays a tape of one of his and Laura\'s sessions. As Ricky reaches out to him, Newbury, believing the tape has had a calming effect, grabs Ricky\'s hand, only to be stabbed in the stomach. At the house Laura and Jerri barricade the door, but Ricky still manages to break in. While looking for a gun Jerri is killed by Ricky, her body being found seconds later by Laura, who Ricky approaches, allowing Laura to touch his face. Enraged when Laura flees in terror after feeling his artificial skullcap, Ricky chases after her. In the basement Laura is encouraged by a vision of Granny, seconds before finding her body and knocking the light out. Laura is easily knocked aside trying to attack Ricky. As Ricky begins choking her, Laura is saved when Chris appears and shoots Ricky with a shotgun; unfortunately the shotgun is loaded with blanks and the unharmed Ricky snatches it from Chris and uses it to choke him into unconsciousness. Ricky then moves in to finish off Laura, but she grabs a piece of a broken stick and holds it in front of her at the last second and Ricky impales himself on the stick. Reaching the house with backup, Connely finds the dying Newbury before discovering Laura cradling her brother\'s body in the house. Driven away by Connely as the body of a survivor  is rushed to the hospital by paramedics, Laura wishes the lieutenant a "Merry Christmas" before having a vision of Ricky, who states "... And a Happy New Year" while staring into the camera.'] ["Nine months after the death of his adoptive father, Jack Davenport, a Chicago journalist, obtains some of his possessions which lead Jack to discover his past. Jack receives an assignment to do a story in Dallas, Texas. Jack leaves days before Christmas Eve and decides to stay in Clearwater, Texas, his birthplace. One of the possessions left by his adoptive father was a mysterious photograph of Clearwater's oldest churches, taken in 1963. The church has a life-sized, wood carven nativity scene, that was carved by Joe Ottolman during the 1950s. He meets several townspeople along his search, such as Michael Curtis  Jimmy James, Clearwater's sheriff, the judge, and a maintenance worker at the church. Jack is told by the judge that releasing the identity of an adoptee's parents can cause suffering, as he points out that one adopted girl died three years earlier. Jack goes on to research the story of Joe Ottolman, who was in a car accident in 1945 that killed his wife, but his daughter survived. Joe worked for ten years on the Nativity carving. In 1963, Joe made the same mistake and was in a car accident again. His daughter Carmen Ana Ottolman, gave birth to a boy on December 24, 1963, but Carmen died two days later. Joe set his grandson up for adoption, then he disappeared from the presses and no one knew whether or not he was alive. Naomi, who helped Jack gather information from previous newspapers, tried to get Jack's birth records with the help of her friend, Venessa, who works there, but they are gone. When Jack finds this out, he discovers that the judge was trying to hide them from him. The judge then reveals that Carmen Ottolman was his mother. On his 40th birthday, Jack is still in shock of hearing this. He sleeps on the bench near the church, in front of the nativity scene. When the maintenance worker discovers him there, he brings him inside the church for some coffee. The maintenance worker then reveals himself to be Joe Ottolman, Jack's grandfather. That night, Jack's wife Megan arrives in Texas, and Jack tells her everything that happened. Megan reveals that they are going to be parents. On Christmas Night, the townspeople of Clearwater gather around the nativity scene while the reverend talks about it. After this, Jack tells his grandfather that he is going to be a great-grandfather."] ["Many years ago, in Lapland, a boy named Nikolas is orphaned when his family are killed in an accident. The heads of the families in the village meet to decide his future and, as life in the arctic is difficult, it is decided that as no one family could care for him permanently, they would raise him communally, with each family taking him for one year and then moving him on to the next. Grateful, Nikolas begins whittling toys out of wood as a gift which, each Christmas, he leaves for the family that cared for him. It becomes a tradition from then, with Nikolas never forgetting the children of those families that received him each year. When a blight hits the village, and none of the families can afford to take him in for the next year, he is taken in by grumpy hermit Iisakki as his carpenter's apprentice. Iisakki works him hard but Nikolas is clever and quick to learn, and Iisakki gradually grows to love Nikolas as his own son. Nikolas begins to live more and more for the spirit of Christmas with each passing year and it becomes his life, and as he grows old he becomes the figure known as Santa Claus."] ['This movie is about a little girl, Winky, who is passionate about a horse  who dies of an illness. Then subsequently it is shown in the movie that how a little girl believes in Sinterklaas and Zwarte Piet and learns that they give presents to all the children, so she decides to ask for a horse of her own.'] ['It is Christmas Eve and Richie Rich, the world\'s richest kid, is all excited to spend the day with his friends. While racing wildly with his friends in the snow, Richie\'s caretaker, Cadbury, controls the cars using a remote and guides the children back to Richie\'s house. He then reminds Richie Rich about his responsibilities that are due to be executed on Christmas Eve, and instructs Richie to change his clothes and get ready for tea. Before going to change his clothes, Richie visits his home scientist, Professor Keanbean, who shows Richie his recent invention, a Wishing Machine which works only on Christmas Eve. The day being Christmas Eve, Richie wishes for a "Big Pie" from the machine, and is gifted with a "Pig Sty" instead. Cadbury is disgusted seeing this, and sends Richie off to change his clothes. Richie meets his parents, Richard and Regina Rich, to ask what they would like to have for a Christmas present. While with them, he also tries out his father\'s new fishing rod invented by Keanbean, which hooks on to a tuna sandwich in the vicinity. He then goes on to change his clothes. During tea, Richie meets his spoiled cousin, Reggie Van Dough, who wishes that he was as rich as Richie. Later, Richie dresses up like an elf and Cadbury dresses up like Santa Claus, to distribute Christmas presents to the orphanage run by the Rich family. While getting ready, Cadbury tells Richie about how he was a rock star in his youth days, in a band called "Root Canal". When Richie and Cadbury take off in the sleigh with presents for the orphanage with Richie driving the sleigh, Reggie takes control of the sleigh using a remote control invented by Keanbean. He guides the sleigh through streets by shops, houses and people, thus nearly destroying everything in the whole process. Richie and Cadbury end up in an accident in which the sleigh falls and literally explodes along with the presents, while Cadbury hurts his knee badly. Richie runs off to fetch help, but once he enters the city, he sees that the situation has changed dramatically. Reggie is cooking up rumors about Richie, and all the people have turned against Richie. Devastated, Richie goes into Keanbean\'s laboratory and squats in front of the wishing machine. While fretting over his ill luck, Richie accidentally wishes that he was never born. The wishing machine at once grants his wish, following which Richie is transported to another world in which he was never born and hence nobody recognizes him. Reggie has taken over as the son of Richard and Regina Rich, and is now the richest kid in the world. He bosses around everyone. Roads and buildings are named after Reggie. Nobody is happy, and hunger and misery are seen all over. This makes Richie realize that things would not be better if he was not born, and hence decides to go back to the world in which he is Richie Rich. Though his parents do not recognize him anymore, he is happy that his dog, Dollar, recognizes him. He takes the dog with him, only to enrage Reggie, who is the current owner of the dog. Reggie orders policemen to search for Richie, who is falsely called the "dognapper", and also announces a reward for catching him. After outsmarting various police men who try but fail to catch him, Richie finds Cadbury, who is still part of the Root Canal music band, and Keanbean, who runs his own laboratory called "Keanbean\'s World of Wonders". Richie questions Keanbean about the wishing machine, which Keanbean says, requires a Pegliasaurus wishing bone in order to be complete. Along with his friends who decide to help him, Richie goes to the city museum to retrieve the bone from the dinosaur skeleton. After passing through laser detection systems successfully, Richie and his friends get the bone from the dinosaur skeleton, using the fishing rod invented by Keanbean. Before they get out from the museum, Richie and his friends spot Reggie\'s parents, who are now working as night guards in the museum. Once they reach the lab, they get the machine to work properly. However, before Richie could wish himself back, Reggie arrives there with a bunch of policemen. Richie, Cadbury, Keanbean, and Richie\'s friends are put in jail, while Reggie takes the wishing machine to his house. At home, Reggie wishes himself to be able to fly, and then when his robotic servant maid had accidentally turned off the machine, tries to make a wish again. When the machine does not work the second time, Reggie leaves the room in a huff, and retires to sleep. In the jail, Richie and his friends are bailed out by Cadbury\'s band group. They all rush to Reggie\'s home, and while Reggie is still sleeping, Richie tries to wish himself back. However, they find that the machine is no longer working, as Reggie had kicked it in anger earlier. While Keanbean is fixing the machine, Reggie wakes up and comes flying, only to be attacked by Richie and his friends. They defeat him and everyone quits working for him, with the police chief refusing to work for someone who would cancel Christmas. After that, the machine starts working again, and Richie wishes himself back as Richie Rich. Richie sets right all the things that had gone wrong since his vanishing act, and is now much more grateful to be alive. As everyone is glad to have Richie back, they gather around the Christmas tree and sing.'] ['This special begins with Charlie Brown sitting on a bench at lunch, trying to get the nerve to talk to the Little Red Haired Girl, but of course, chickening out. He says he feels silly to chicken out, because he knows he is the type of person she would like. He says "I may not be the greatest guy who ever lived, but after all, who is? I\'m just a nice type of guy who never gets to meet little red haired girls". Just then, the Little Red Haired Girl walked by, and dropped her pencil. Charlie Brown notices it, picks it up, and sees it has teethmarks in it. He realizes, this means she nibbles on her pencil, and is human. Charlie Brown wanted to use the Little Red Haired Girl\'s lost pencil as an excuse to talk to her while returning it to her, but unfortunately, Lucy took the pencil from Charlie Brown and returned it to the Little Red Haired Girl before Charlie Brown had a chance to. Later that day, Charlie Brown buys a cheap box of chocolates for the Little Red Haired Girl, and decides to hide behind a tree and give it to her, commenting "Love makes you do strange things". The next day, Marcie is seen making a Valentine\'s card for Charlie Brown, and telling Peppermint Patty that she is very found of him. Later that day, Marcie goes over to Charlie Brown\'s house to ask him if he likes her, and all Charlie Brown said was, "Do I what?". Marcie then walks away angry. Later, Charlie Brown receives a letter saying "I know you like me and I like you". Charlie Brown gets very excited thinking it\'s from the Little Red Haired Girl, but Peppermint Patty yells at him, telling him "That letter was from me. You like me, Chuck". She left Charlie Brown standing there, saying "I do?". And the next day Marcie called Charlie Brown to ask him if he liked her, and he got confused again. Charlie Brown buys the Little Red Haired Girl a valentine, and then he wants to practice giving it to her. He tells Snoopy to pretend to be the little Red Haired Girl while he practices delivering the valentine. When Charlie Brown knocks on his door , Snoopy answers with a wig on, which annoys Charlie Brown. Charlie Brown tells Linus he still doesn\'t know what to do about the Little Red Haired Girl. Linus suggested Charlie Brown should invite her to the school Valentine\'s Day dance. Charlie Brown agreed, but first asked Linus to talk to her to find out if she likes him. Linus went over and asked her if she likes Charlie Brown, however, the Little Red Haired girl had no idea there was a kid in their class named Charlie Brown. Later, in class, Charlie Brown tries to impress the Little Red Haired Girl, by winking at her. However, before she could notice him, the teacher sends Charlie Brown to the nurse because she thinks he is winking because his eye hurts him. The next day, Valentine\'s Day, Charlie Brown notices the Little Red Haired Girl handing out valentines. He gets excited that she might give him a valentine, but becomes discouraged when she doesn\'t give him one. Later, when Charlie Brown and Linus are at the wall, Linus suggests that Charlie Brown calls her to invite her to the Valentine\'s Day dance. Charlie Brown says he can\'t because he is worried she might hang up in his face. Linus tells him that\'s the beauty of calling on the phone. If she hangs up on one ear, that is not considered the whole face. Later, Charlie Brown with Linus dialing on the phone, attempting to call the Girl. However, on the other side of the line, Marcie picks up. Charlie Brown realizes he dialed the wrong number. He tells that to Marcie, and Marcie says she understands, and she thinks he probably meant to call Peppermint Patty. She tells him lucky for him, that Patty is here. She gives the phone to Patty. Peppermint Patty asks Charlie Brown if he called to invite her to his school\'s Valentine\'s dance, but before Charlie Brown could answer her, she accepted the offer. That night, Charlie Brown put on a suit, because he has to go to the ball with Peppermint Patty. He invites Snoopy to come with him, and Snoopy puts on a bowtie and goes with him. When they arrive at the party, Charlie Brown is told that Snoopy can\'t come in because dogs aren\'t allowed at this party. Charlie Brown tells a fib to the person that Snoopy is really a person who came dressed as a dog because he thought it was a costume party, so Snoopy was allowed in. At the party, Charlie Brown sees Linus, and Linus tells him the Little Red Haired Girl is at the party, so he should ask her to dance with him. Charlie Brown decided Linus is right, and starts walking towards the Little Red Haired Girl, getting more nervous with every step he takes. But before he could make it over to her, Peppermint Patty and Marcie find him, and start dancing with him, much to Charlie Brown\'s annoyance. When the two girls finally let him go, Charlie Brown realizes the Little Red Haired Girl was already dancing with somebody else. And that somebody else is Snoopy. After the dance, Peppermint Patty and Marcie complain to Charlie Brown that he was not a good date, as he was a horrible dancer. They also ask that he doesn\'t invite them to any more dances. The special ends with Charlie Brown upset that he didn\'t get to dance with the Little Red Haired Girl, and didn\'t even receive one valentine. Just then, Snoopy brings Charlie Brown a valentine, and Charlie Brown becomes excited. The special ends there, and it is not revealed who the valentine is from.'] ['At the beginning of the story, we see Frosty’s hat escape from a locked chest in an attic, fly out a window, and descend on the picture perfect town of Evergreen. Frosty first reveals himself to Tommy Tinkerton , the son of the town’s impossibly upbeat but no-nonsense mayor, Mr. Tinkerton . Tommy dares not to accept Frosty’s invitation to play outside in the snow, because he’s afraid of disappointing his father. So Frosty instead befriends Tommy’s best friend, Walter Wader, who shocks everyone, especially his very strict mother, by breaking curfew and flying, sledding, and snowball-fighting with Frosty. Walter’s rule-breaking gets all the kids of Evergreen talking, but it greatly upsets Principal Pankley ([[Larry Miller , who is even more adamantly opposed to magic than Mr. Tinkerton. Principal Pankley uses the arrival of Frosty to sow doubts among the townspeople about Mayor Tinkerton’s leadership, and little by little he begins to take over the town. But once magic is stirred up, it isn’t easily contained. One by one, Frosty wins over the other kids of Evergreen, including Sara Simple  ; Tommy’s brother, Charlie Tinkerton; and Sonny, Sully, and Simon Sklarew. Frosty befriends each of them through the simple means of believing in them, which inspires them to begin to believe in themselves. Increasingly desperate to deny the existence of Frosty and keep Evergreen fun-free, Principal Pankley tricks Walter Wader into helping him lure Frosty for some ice-skating fun, then tricks Frosty into venturing onto thin ice. Before Walter can save his friend, Frosty falls through the ice and melts, and Principal Pankley captures Frosty’s hat, which is the key to his magic. As all of this unfolds, Tommy Tinkerton, who was the first one to whom Frosty appeared, has been sitting on the sidelines, watching his best friend, his brother, and his hoped-for sweetheart experiencing adventure and magic in which he could share. But he has held back, even though he yearns to meet Frosty, out of loyalty to his dad . Everything changes, though, when Tommy finds a secret room beneath the library, in which he discovers a comic book filled with secrets about Frosty. At first, most of the comic book is blank. Each time Tommy checks it again, new panels appear. Over the course of several scenes, Tommy learns that Frosty’s magic is in his hat; that his dad  met Frosty when he was a boy, and did believe in magic once upon a time; and that Principal Pankley, a childhood friend of his father’s, took Frosty’s hat and hid it away in an attic , causing young Mr. Tinkerton to lose his faith in magic. The comic book also reveals to Tommy what Principal Pankley has just done  to recapture Frosty. All this time, Tommy has held back from befriending Frosty out of loyalty to his dad, who has always told Tommy not to believe in magic. But now Tommy sees that his dad once believed in magic, too, but was tricked into losing faith. And Tommy realizes that the most loyal thing he can do is not to hide from magic, but to help his dad rediscover that magic is indeed real. Tommy explains what’s really going on to Charlie, Sara, Walter, and the Sklarew triplets, and leads a daring rescue of Frosty’s hat in which all the kids help out. A climactic series of scenes follows in which Principal Pankley tries and fails to recapture the hat, then tries to deter the townspeople  from going into the woods to see what all the ruckus and noise are about. But Mr. Tinkerton refuses to be deterred, and Tommy is able to reintroduce his dad to the old friend, who Mr. Tinkerton had long since stopped believing in. Meanwhile, the other parents are confused and angry: why are their kids out at night? And can this magical snowman they’ve been hearing about be real after all? Principal Pankley tries to stir them up to regain control of the situation, but Walter Wader breaks the spell by throwing a snowball at Principal Pankley. And one by one, the other kids and parents join in, until the town of Evergreen, which had forgotten how to have fun, gives itself over joyously to a “snowball-fighting, horseplaying, lark of a good time.” A brief epilogue shows us Evergreen transformed — with Mr. Tinkerton doing magic tricks, Charlie Tinkerton playing football, Tommy Tinkerton skateboarding, and Sara Simple reading a book about urban planning. All along, the story has been narrated  by a warm, wise, seemingly omniscient old man named Thomas who appears periodically and comments on the events unfolding in Evergreen. In the final scene of the movie, the narrator or Thomas reveals that he is Tommy Tinkerton, all grown up and now married to Sara Simple; and he has been telling us his own story.'] ["Every year, widower Christy Byrne  has traveled from Nova Scotia with his children to sell their homegrown Christmas trees in New York City. His son Danny ([[Michael Mitchell  is not into the family business, but instead has a true passion for photography. One year in New York City, Danny gets into an argument with Christy and runs away, leaving Christy and his daughter Bridget  to return home without him. The next year, the two return to New York City to sell the trees while Christy goes out every night looking for Danny. Catherine  lives in the same New York neighborhood and doesn't celebrate Christmas since her husband died. Every year Christy has tried to sell her a tree, but Catherine politely refuses. Neither of them realize that their lives are connected by Danny. While Christy is back in Nova Scotia with Bridget, Catherine pays Danny for photographs that he takes and puts them in the newspaper. When Christy comes back the following year, Catherine does not tell him that she knows where Danny is because Danny made her promise not to. Catherine does tell Christy afterwards when Danny injures himself by falling off the roof of a building and into a frozen pond. In the hospital, Christy tells Danny that he is allowing him to stay in New York City to become a photographer."] ['Minty accidentally breaks the "Here Comes Christmas Candy Cane", which apparently guides Santa Claus to Ponyville. To try to make-up for doing this, Minty gives each pony one of her socks  When Pinkie Pie finds out what Minty has done, Minty states that the sock giving is a bad idea, and then decides she should go to the North Pole herself to set things right. Minty is terrible at balloon flying, so the chase is on to save her in the process of saving Christmas.'] ["When Fred wins the role of Scrooge in the play of A Christmas Carol at the Bedrock Community Theatre, he becomes so obsessed with rehearsing lines that he literally becomes greedy and unfriendly towards his family and friends. He doesn't hear Wilma tell him to pick up Pebbles from the cavecare center, and he forgets to kiss Pebbles goodbye when he drops her off. He also doesn't include Christmas shopping on his To-Do list. At work, Fred runs into the most beautiful girl in Bedrock, Maggie, who is playing Scrooge's love, Belle. It is also implied that Fred and Maggie have been having a relationship behind Wilma's back. Fred soon realizes that he forgot to buy his family Christmas gifts, so he runs out and buys them the first things he finds or sees. When the clock strikes 4:00, Fred hurries home for a snack, but not before giving a kid his number 86 tag and telling him to wait for him. On the way home, Fred is rehearsing his lines and driving at the same time, but he didn't see a red light that he had passed through. Fortunately, the cop that had pulled him over was Philo Quartz, another member of the community acting troupe, who lets him off with a warning. At the theatre, a furious Wilma tells Fred that he forgot to pick up Pebbles, but Fred can only think about the show. The start of the show goes smoothly, but Miss Feldspar, who plays the ghost of Christmas Past, gets sick with the flu called the Bedrock Bug and Wilma has to replace her. When Scrooge and Belle's love scene arrives, Fred is thrilled when he sees Maggie and will finally get to kiss her, but is disappointed, once he finds out that Maggie has gotten sick and Wilma had to take her place. Fred is surprised at how real Wilma's tears are during a major scene, and soon learns she refuses to speak to him for forgetting Pebbles. Fred soon starts living the play and realizes that Christmas isn't about greed, but about happiness and love. He soon apologizes to everyone he was rude to, including Wilma, who is still mad at him for his thoughtlessness, and everyone in Bedrock truly has a very merry Christmas. But then Fred gets sick however because of the Bedrock Bug. This is further complicated when Wilma assures him that he will recover just in time to attend his mother-in-law's Christmas dinner. Fred becomes a better man at the end."] ['Spencer and Katherine Davenport must fly to Pennsylvania to spend the holidays with their father. But, when a massive blizzard grounds all planes and cancels all the flights, the children are sent to the U.M.  room, where they meet motor-mouthed Charlie, sensitive Donna, snotty Grace, and mysterious Beef. The children later sneak out and cause trouble around the airport. When they return to the U.M. room, head of passenger relations, Oliver Porter sends all remaining children to a lodge down the road. But, the children cannot remain caged and sneak out once more. Knowing his younger sister might be disappointed, Spencer sends Beef to get a Christmas tree. Later, on their way to the lodge, Porter and his men pursue the children, but fail. After visiting Katherine, the unaccompanied minors are brought back to the airport. Porter puts them in solitary confinement and turns on security cameras in the room. The children escape through air ducts and decorate the airport in Christmas decorations. On Christmas morning, Santa  gives the stranded passengers gifts. The film ends as the blizzard later stops and the Davenports have a reunion when their father arrives in a Humvee.'] ['Ziggy  and his faithful dog Fuzz take a job as a street Santa to raise money for the poor. Surrounded by crooked Santas, sneaky thieves and a suspicious cop, Ziggy remains honest and kind.'] ['The movie is set in December, 1910. Mrs. Santa Claus is trying to convince her husband, Santa Claus, to take a new route, but he is preoccupied with the Christmas rush and won\'t listen. Disgruntled, she takes the sleigh out herself, but is forced to land in New York City, where she is stranded when one of the reindeer  becomes injured. As "Mrs. North", she takes up board with a family of Jewish immigrants, who don\'t celebrate Christmas. She befriends many of the local children and women, and becomes involved with political issues of the period such as child labor and women\'s suffrage.'] ["Kibosh, the King of Ghosts, decrees that Casper must scare someone before Christmas Day or he will be banished to The Dark for all eternity. To make sure this happens, he confiscates the Ghostly Trio's Scare licenses and flings them to Kriss, Massachusetts where they meet the Jollimore Family. When Casper's good behavior starts to act up, the Ghostly Trio call in Casper's look-a-like cousin Spooky and his girlfriend Poil to do the job."] ['While everybody else is preparing for Adam\'s and Adora\'s birthday, Adam is helping Man-At-Arms finish up the Sky Spy, a space shuttle intended to spy on Skeletor. The moment they head back to the palace, though, Orko gets inside the ship and messes around with the controls, causing the ship to blast off into the sky with him in it. Skeletor catches sight of the aircraft and, despite not knowing what it is or who is flying it, he gives chase after it in the Collector. Before he can take it down, He-Man and She-Ra, who are also unaware that Orko is in the Sky Spy, show up and punch a hole in the Collector, throwing it off course. Orko, meanwhile, tries to get the Sky Spy to land by way of a magic spell, which causes the shuttle to disappear from Eternia\'s atmosphere and crash-land somewhere on Earth. Immediately following this, he meets two children named Miguel and Alisha, who had gone out to get their family\'s Christmas tree and become lost in doing so. Orko brings them into the crashed Sky Spy, where they explain Christmas to him. Back on Eternia, everyone discovers that Orko is missing when they find his magic spellbook, which he supposedly is never without. Man-At-Arms manages to pull up the coordinates for the Sky Spy\'s location, which Queen Marlena recognizes as Earth\'s coordinates. Unfortunately, Man-At-Arms\' Transport Beam needs a Carium Water Crystal, of which there are none on Eternia, in order to gain enough power to bring Orko back. Adora suggests that there might be one on Etheria, and, after secretly transforming into She-Ra, rides off on Swift Wind. Once on Etheria, She-Ra enlists the help of Mermista to attain the crystal, which is guarded by a fierce creature known as the Beast Monster. They manage to secure the crystal in their possession, but just as She-Ra and Swift Wind prepare to leave, they are halted by a group of huge android menaces who trap them in a plastic bubble. She-Ra recognizes these robots as the Monstroids, having been told about them by some friends of hers known as the Manchines. The Monstroids then leave for their headquarters, leaving She-Ra and Swift Wind to escape. Upon Adora\'s return with the crystal, Man-At-Arms gets the Transport Beam working, and sure enough, Orko and the Sky Spy are transported back in, but Orko has brought Miguel, Alisha and their Christmas tree with them. After explanations of where they came from, the children are told that it may take a few days for the crystal to recharge before they can return to Earth, and they are quite distressed that they might miss Christmas. Queen Marlena, sympathizing with these children from her own planet, decides to combine Adam and Adora\'s birthday party into a Christmas party. Meanwhile, Skeletor and Hordak are summoned by their supreme master, Horde Prime, who believes that the Christmas spirit that is now being brought to Eternia is the only thing that could possibly stop his rise to power. He orders them to go capture the two Earth children, saying that whoever brings them to him will be well-rewarded. Soon, just as Bow finishes writing a song he wrote about Christmas, Hordak shows up and uses a tractor beam to capture Miguel and Alisha, taking Orko with them. He and his minions do not get far, though, before their ship is brought down by the Monstroids, who take the children hostage themselves, they plan on dealing with Horde Prime themselves when he comes for the children, and force Hordak and his men to retreat. Luckily, the Manchines show up to rescue Orko and the children. The Monstroids try to stop them from escaping, but He-Man and She-Ra, having been told of the children\'s location by Peekablue, show up just in time to handle them, with help from the other Manchines. But while that\'s going on, Skeletor comes in and captures Miguel and Alisha, taking with them a Manchine puppy named Relay. But then Hordak reappears and shoots down Skeletor\'s sky-scooter, crash-landing him in some snowy mountains; because of this, Skeletor is now forced to bring his prisoners to Horde Prime on foot. During the trek, he finds a sudden urge of kindness that results in him fitting the children with winter jackets to protect them from the cold, bringing Relay along so he doesn\'t freeze to death, and even protecting the children from a snowbeast. He also inquires the children about Christmas, all the while trying to reassure them, and himself, that he is still a bad guy. Just as Horde Prime arrives in his ship, He-Man and She-Ra finally catch up, but Hordak arrives as well; he knocks Skeletor out by deflecting a laser blast and distracts He-Man and She-Ra by sending out numerous Horde Troopers. But just in the nick of time, Relay licks Skeletor\'s face; he wakes up and saves his would-be captives by shooting down Horde Prime\'s ship. Obviously angry at this, Horde Prime attempts to shoot Skeletor, but He-Man and She-Ra lift his ship up and throw it into space before he has a chance to. The children thank Skeletor for saving them, a fact that He-Man is surprised at, which he reluctantly admits is true, and Skeletor is relieved to learn that he will only be overtaken by Christmas spirit once a year. Back at the palace, as the good guys celebrate their Christmas party, Adam, dressed as Santa Claus, gives the children flying belts. Man-At-Arms then uses the Transporter to send Miguel and Alisha back to their home, where they are welcomed back by their parents. At the end of the special, Prince Adam and Orko give us a very special Christmas moral. Adam states that "Though we celebrate it and get presents, Christmas is about caring, sharing and goodwill and its spirit is within all of us". And in fun fashion, Orko states that what make him happy on Christmas is...presents.'] ["Alex Schlotsky is a freshman at Philadelphia Hebrew Academy, where he and his friends are on the school's struggling basketball team, the Lions. Without a good coach and with a dream of winning the Liberty Tournament and defeating their school's rivals, the Warriors, Alex and his friends are determined to find their own Judah Macabee to coach their team. During one day of practice at a local park, Alex finds what he believes is their coach—Lamont Carr, an African-American college basketball star whose knee injury forced him to quit. After interrupting his practice, Alex and Lamont don't get off to a good start. The next day, however, Alex offers to pay Lamont to coach their team for a while; Lamont reluctantly agrees. During the boys' first days of practice under Lamont's coaching, they become exhausted and frustrated with his coaching style, but an intervention by Alex inspires Lamont to help the team love the game of basketball. During the days leading up to the tournament, there are many hurdles Alex and Lamont must overcome—throughout the movie, Lamont is homeless after leaving his wife and son in Virginia with the hopes of being signed by the Philadelphia 76ers; Alex must balance his mother's desire for him to become a doctor as opposed to a basketball star. Also, among the challenges they must face is the school's principal, Mrs. Klein, who tries to see if Lamont is safe to be with the players. This leads to her one day trying to inconspicuously follow Lamont to where he goes in his van after practicing. With Alex knowing this and also knowing that Lamont is homeless, he tells him to go to a modern apartment complex where his dad is trying to get a tenant for a room he owns. While Alex opens the door for Lamont, Mrs. Klein is outside the complex. Lamont and Alex's dad compromise to an agreement where Lamont can live there for free until Alex's dad can find a tenant. Later, with the final game against the Warriors the players are looking forward to, Lamont tells the team that he received an offer for a 10-day contract from the Philadelphia 76ers and he was going to accept it.This means the Lions must try to win the tournament without their coach. The day of the final game, Alex finally confronts his mother and breaks through to her about his love for the game and she ends up convincing Alex's best friend Julie to forgive him. However, the Lions have been successful, winning every game in the tournament. While the game is going on, Alex's mother drives Julie to the game, then goes to the stadium where Lamont is playing a game to try to convince Lamont to go to the who's{{Clarify}} van has broken down before he can leave for the airport. Once she arrives, she speaks to one of Lamont's opponents about Alex's dreams and understands him even more afterwards. After she finds Lamont, his car works again and she finally seems to start to understand. The final game in the Liberty Tournament takes place on a stormy night, which eventually knocks out the power in the school's gymnasium. Resorting to the use of an emergency generator for the remainder of the game, the Lions and the Warriors play the duration of the game on the agreement that whenever the fuel in the generator runs out, the game will end and the team with the most points will win. The Warriors devise a plan to make sure it is them—when they are ahead in the game and it becomes clear that the fuel in the generator is moments away from running out, the Warriors call a timeout that lasts for the remaining time. The Lions are outraged and discouraged, until Lamont appears in the gym and encourages them to not lose faith. The power then once again goes out in the gym, and the Warriors celebrate what they believe is their victory—until the power comes back on soon after with the generator restarting even though it is out of gas. The final moments of the game consists of the Lions catching up to the Warriors, and with the final seconds on the clock ticking down, Alex passes the ball , allowing them to score the winning basket. The entire school celebrates, and Lamont's wife and son enter the gym and plan to stay with Lamont, who reveals to the Lions that he plans to become their full-time coach. Alex's mother is finally convinced by him to let him play basketball and in fact only showed up at the end of the game so she could go get Lamont's family for him while he went to help the team. The final scene of the movie consists of Alex's and Lamont's families  along with Julie playing a game of basketball, while Rabbi Lewis' story of Hanukkah and its relation to the basketball game plays over the scene."] ["After Kristin saved Kyle's life, she has been living with the Morgan family ever since. Unfortunately, she cannot remember her past, and has lost her immortality. Bill proposes to her, but she declines, as she says she doesn't feel right about the decision without knowing her family. At the North Pole, Rudolpha is secretly selling pieces of the North Pole worldwide to get rid of the North Pole, and to make Santa Claus feel he is being replaced. As Kristin is preparing her wedding with Bill, Brittany and Kyle, Bill's two children, order from Rudolpha's business, and unknowingly receive Kristin's doll from when she was a little girl. After Kristin sees the doll, she immediately remembers her past, as flashbacks are shown of her life until then (with many taken from [[Once Upon a Christmas  After Kristin sees Rudolpha's commercial, she and the children discover Rudolpha's plan, and head for the North Pole to try to save Christmas. With a special announcement the pieces are returned and Christmas saved. Rudolpha must ride since the deers have not come back. Kristen and Bill get married."] ['Two young bears, Nikomi and Chinook, know nothing of Christmas until the local park ranger tells them about the legend, and they become curious to meet Santa Claus. Their mother, Nana, is preparing for Winter hibernation and cynically tells her children that there is no Santa, but they are determined to believe. Mother finds it impossible to begin their sleep, since the young cubs wish to stay awake until Santa arrives.'] ['Having seen the relationship between Snoopy and Charlie Brown, Rerun van Pelt is desperate for a dog of his own for Christmas. He asks Santa Claus for a dog. Unfortunately, his mother and older sister, Lucy do not believe that he is old enough to care for a dog. Frustrated, Rerun asks Charlie Brown if he can play with Snoopy. While initially cooperative, Snoopy quickly tires of Rerun\'s idea of fun and games, and after a while Snoopy begins to snub Rerun. At Rerun\'s request, Snoopy asks his brother Spike to leave his home in the desert near Needles, California and come to visit. When Spike arrives, Lucy is appalled at his skinny figure and takes him in to fatten him up. After a short stay, Spike gains significant weight, which he then loses from fear while riding with Rerun on his mother\'s bike. Because Rerun\'s mother still will not allow Rerun to have his own dog, Charlie Brown tries to find another home for Spike but to no avail, forcing Spike to return to his desert home. Rerun asks Charlie Brown if Snoopy can come out and pull him on his sled. Rerun finds himself pulling Snoopy on the sled instead, which makes him come to the conclusion that dogs can be troublesome. Charlie Brown breaks the fourth wall at the end of the special by saying, "I always lie awake wondering, when will it ever end? Then a voice tells me, \'Right after the credits.\'"'] ['When Santa Claus  travels to New York City and gets hit by a cab, loses his memory and gets the crystal that keeps him eternal stolen, it\'s up to his new friend, his puppy named Paws  to save him. Meanwhile, a young orphan named Quinn  arrives at a foster home run by a strict and no-nonsense woman named Ms. Stout  who forbids anything that children love: toys, Christmas decorations, singing, and even pets. She has a furnace that burns all the toys she confiscates from the girls. Despite the harsh rules that she has to follow while staying at the foster home, Quinn eventually befriends the girls, including Janie  and Willamina "Will" . In order to save Christmas, Eli  and Eddy  the uncanny elf dog have to go to New York City to save Santa and Paws. But when Santa  is in the hospital, it takes the help of Quinn and Will to save Santa. When Kate and James take Bud from the hospital, Paws tells Eli to put his crystal next to Santa, but then he wakes up to find that Paws is a stuffed animal. They rush back to the North Pole and Paws turns into a full-grown dog named Santa Paws  and Christmas is back on. Ms. Stout is fired from her job taking care of the orphan girls at the foster home, much to the excitement of the girls, and Will and Quinn are both adopted by James and Kate Hucklebuckle.'] ["The actor who annually plays Sinterklaas dies just before the arrival of television crew. A mysterious new Sinterklaas named Jan  replaces him. Just a short while after his public appearance, he jumps into water to save a little girl who falls into it, and then he runs away from the crowd and disappears. He is found by the production assistant of the television show next day, and agrees to appear in television shows on knowing that playing Sinterklaas is a paid job. He becomes quite popular on television because of his alternative style. Klaasje  has left her husband Dennis , because he cheated on her with a young and attractive elementary school teacher . Dennis wants her back, but his chances seem to plummet when she has a fling with a 16-year-old boy , whom she meets during the funeral of her father, the deceased actor who used to play Sinterklaas annually. Klaasje’s best friend Simone , the mother of the girl rescued by Sinterklaas, is the linchpin in her family. Her husband Ted  often feels redundant. He loses his job, but he is afraid to tell his dominant wife about it. Swimming instructor Victor  looks forward to marrying his love Kees , an undertaker. But Kees has doubts and fears about committed life. During the marriage ceremony, he walks away without saying ‘yes’. Victor's sister Kiki , a saleswoman at the jewellery section of De Bijenkorf, has always dreamt of a Prince Charming. During the arrival of Sinterklaas, Kiki almost runs into Crown Prince Valentine , while driving a horse carriage. Kiki is dressed as a campaign gift and the prince takes her in his arms as she tries to get down from the carriage. Prince Valentine falls in love with her. Next morning he visits De Bijenkorf to see Kiki. But Kiki desists from seeing him, and rejects him on the grounds that he will not take her seriously. To still come into contact with her, Prince Valentine dresses as Black Peter, does antics at De Bijenkorf for work. In the evening, he  offers to drop her home and ends up having a wild night with her. The next morning, however, he sneaks away through the window without saying goodbye to Kiki. Kiki follows him to his hotel and confronts him. It turns out that Kiki knew all along that Prince Valentine was playing Black Pieter but just wanted to see how far he would go for her. They end up kissing each other. On the night of Sinterklaas Eve, the Jan again runs away before his appearance in the show. He is spotted by Ted who recognizes him to be the one who had rescued his daughter from water. Ted invites Jan, dressed as Sinterklaas, for a beer to his house. All the children of the town slowly flock around him as word secretively spreads among them that he is there. The television crew also eventually comes there. During his TV interview, he speaks candidly about his life and his regrets. He also tells that the name of his son is Kees and that he left his son while his son was three. The 5th December Special TV show comes to an end and Sinterklass is seen walking out of on the snowy street. As he walks and looks around, all the couples are shown one by one to have found out what to do with their lives. Having found his father on the television show, Kees drives with Victor to meet him. They come across him in the middle of the road as they were driving. The movie ends with Jan, dressed as Sinterklaas, embracing Kees.Plot Outline Dutch Wikipedia"] [" Drew Latham  is a wealthy advertising executive. Just before Christmas, he surprises his girlfriend Missy  with first class tickets to Fiji. She is horrified that he would want to spend Christmas away from his family. Citing the fact that Drew has never even introduced her to his family, she concludes that he will never get serious about their relationship and dumps him. Drew has his assistant send her a Cartier bracelet to apologize. Desperate not to spend Christmas alone, Drew calls all of his contacts to find a place to stay on Christmas, but he is not close enough to anyone to be invited. He tracks down Dr. Freeman  at the airport, hoping to squeeze in a therapy session. The hurried doctor tells him to list all of his grievances and then burn them at his childhood home. The house is now occupied by the Valcos, who wonder what Drew is doing on their front lawn. When he sets his grievances on fire, Tom Valco  sneaks up behind him and knocks him out with a shovel. After he comes to, Drew explains what he was doing and asks for a tour of the house. Thrilled to see his old room, Drew impetuously offers Tom $250,000 to let him spend Christmas with the Valcos. Tom accepts, and Drew's lawyer draws up a contract that requires the Valcos to pose as his family. The next day, Drew forces the family to go out and buy a tree together, requiring Tom to wear a Santa cap in public. While they are trimming the tree, the eldest child Alicia  arrives for the holidays and is stunned by Drew's presence. He suggests that she could portray the maid, since she was an unexpected addition to the scenario. At dinner, Drew writes a script for the family to read at the table. He hires a local actor to play the part of his grandfather, whom he calls Doo-dah . Drew takes Alicia and her brother Brian ([[Josh Zuckerman  sledding the next day. After crashing at the bottom of a hill, he moves into kiss Alicia, who sneezes instead. Recovering back home from their growing colds, Alicia shares a childhood memory with Drew about an old tree that was coated in ice during a storm. Tom asks Drew to leave because he was planning on divorcing his wife Christine . Instead, Drew encourages the couple to indulge themselves. Tom buys a Chevelle SS, which he had when he was in high school, and Christine goes to a photographer for some glamor shots. One evening, Drew takes Alicia to the old tree of her childhood, which he has had covered in ice again. She is touched by the gesture, but Drew overdoes it, bringing in a full pageant production to surround the tree. Disgusted by his lack of restraint, Alicia demands that he leave. Meanwhile, Missy was won over by the bracelet, and when Drew's assistant informed her that he was spending Christmas with his family, Missy visits the Valco's house with her parents. Drew promises the Valco's an extra $75,000 if they will play along for the evening, and they agree to pretend to be his family. The visit between the two families steadily descends into chaos, culminating with everyone seeing Christine's glamor shots manipulated into pornography on Brian's computer. Missy's parents storm out, and Drew informs her that their relationship is over. Alicia finally draws out of Drew the truth about his family. His father left them when he was just four, and every Christmas, his mother would work a double shift at the diner to make extra money. He would spend Christmas Day alone and visit his mom at the end of the night, and she would give him an adult stack of pancakes. He repeated the ritual every year until he was 18, and he has never been in a diner since. His mother died when he was in college. Drew returns to his apartment to spend Christmas alone. Tom visits him to collect his money, and the two decide to go watch the actor who played Doo-Dah perform in the local production of A Christmas Carol. At the play, Tom and Christine decide not to divorce. Drew and Alicia make up outside the theater, and the film closes with everyone eating in a diner together."] ['Scott Calvin  is a 38-year-old divorced father and advertising executive for a toy company in the fictional city of Lakeside, Illinois with a young son, Charlie . On Christmas Eve, Charlie comes over to spend the night with Scott before going to his mother and stepfather\'s for Christmas Day. Scott attempts to assure Charlie of Santa Claus\' existence, while in full disbelief himself. That night, they are awakened by a clatter on the roof. Going outside to investigate, they can see someone on there. Scott yells at the trespasser, "Hey, you!", which causes him to lose his balance and fall off. He appears to be Santa Claus. After he lands he magically disappears, but his suit remains. They find a business card in a pocket stating that if something should happen to him, someone should put on the suit, and the reindeer will know what to do. They find his sleigh and eight reindeer perched on the roof. While trying to figure out how to explain all of this to people, Scott bumps his head on a ladder leading up to the roof. Scott puts on the suit to please Charlie, and begins delivering toys from house to house. Their final stop is the North Pole where the head elf, Bernard , shows him a tiny inscription on the card which says that upon the disappearance of the previous occupant, whoever wears the suit immediately assumes the identity of Santa Claus and all the responsibilities that go with it. This is the "Santa Clause," as stated by Bernard: "You put on the suit and you\'re the big guy!" He also gives Charlie a snow globe as a gift.Quotes from The Santa Clause from the Internet Movie Database He then tells Scott that he only has eleven months, until Thanksgiving, to get his affairs in order before becoming Santa Claus full-time, which he tries to refuse. He and Charlie spend the night at the factory. The next morning they awaken back in Scott\'s house, where the only indication of their previous night\'s adventure is his new silk pajamas with "SC" monogrammed on them. He dismisses it all as a dream. Soon, however, Scott starts gaining weight and he interjects a presentation on the company\'s new toy by complaining about Santa not being represented with his sleigh and they should simplify their toy designs. He develops a ravenous, strange taste for Christmas treats, like cookies, hot cocoa, chocolates and Christmas Cakes. Scott grows facial hair practically overnight, and shaving it off has no effect as it regrows instantly. His hair turns gray then white, despite all attempts to dye it. He somehow knows who has been "naughty" and "nice". Scott also starts wearing clothes with red and green, and his heart even beats Jingle Bells. Children  approach him with gift requests. His rapid transformation worries his ex-wife Laura  and her new husband, psychiatrist Dr. Neil Miller , who tries to terminate his visitation rights to Charlie. They question his mental stability, and believe that his changes are attempts at getting his son to like him. Eventually, Scott\'s visitation rights to Charlie are suspended. Depressed and discouraged, he begins to lose some of his certainty about his job as Santa. While visiting Charlie on Thanksgiving, Charlie\'s insistence that Scott is Santa reawakens his magic and he, with Bernard\'s help, whisks him away to the North Pole. Laura and Neil, who think he has kidnapped him against his will, call the police, who start a massive investigation. Meanwhile, at the North Pole, Charlie helps Scott and the head elves perfect a new sleigh and communication devices. He calls his mother, but this only reinforces their belief that he is being held against his will. Nevertheless, Scott, as Santa Claus, goes on with his Christmas Eve trip, but is arrested while delivering presents to the Miller house, and is accused of kidnapping Charlie. They try to test his sanity, but when Scott still says he is Santa they sentence him a couple hours in a jail cell. Scott waits very impatiently on the roof, the elves don\'t hear Santa/Scott\'s responses and send out A team of rescue elves called the ELFS  to free Scott from jail by tying up the front desk guard and using tinsel to break through the bars . The ELFS then fly him and Charlie home to Laura and Neil, to whom Scott/Santa gives the presents they always wanted since childhood but never got.  Neil receives an Oscar Meyer weenie whistle, Laura receives a mystery date game, and Charlie gets a soccer ball. In the meantime a couple of kids in the crowd rush back to their houses in time to get sleep before Santa/Scott would visit them. Laura, finally realizing that Scott really is the new Santa, tosses the custody papers into the fireplace and welcomes him to visit Charlie any time that he desires. Neil, both amazed and joyful, realizes that one does not have to see something to believe in it. Bernard tells Charlie that the snow globe is magical. Anytime he wants his father to visit, all he has to do is shake it. Then the police arrive to arrest Scott for escaping prison, but they are also amazed when Scott flies away with his reindeer and sleigh. After ten minutes, Charlie shakes the snow globe and Scott comes back, saying he was on his way to Cleveland, and takes Charlie with him to deliver the rest of the presents,Laura requests that they don\'t go oversees though.'] ["{{expand section}} On Christmas Eve, the Muppets go to the post office in New York City to deliver each of their letters to Santa Claus . When they head back to their apartment, Gonzo discovers that three letters wound up in his coat from a mishap there. One of those letters he recognizes as being written by his friend, a neighbor girl named Claire . On Gonzo's insistence, the principal Muppets decide to go to the North Pole and deliver them personally. The Muppets end up getting tickets from a North Pole Airlines clerk named Joy  and getting caught by Officer Frank Meany  who, for being a bully, perpetually ended up on Santa's naughty list. They eventually reach the North Pole to find that Santa has already left to deliver the presents. Santa overhears their grieving and doubles back, where they hand him Claire's letter and the other two which are revealed to have come from Frank Meany  and Pepe the King Prawn. Santa brings them home to New York in time to spend the rest of the holiday with Claire and her mom, which was all Claire wanted in the first place."] ["A hobo played by Barnard Hughes decides it's time to go home. Drifting from place to place, Hughes finds himself in his hometown of Salt Lake City at Christmas time. Here he hopes to close old wounds and be reunited with his unforgiving son played by Gerald McRaney, and get to know the grandchildren he has never met. McRaney, still resenting the fact that Hughes ran out on his family 25 years earlier, gives his father only one day with his grandkids; after that, he's expected to leave and never come back. All the while Hughes' friends warn him that his son and the past are memories that are best left alone, and should leave, but he has to find out for himself."] ['It all begins when Liz McCann and her son, Mason, leave on a trip to visit Liz\'s estranged father Jack for Christmas. He gave them instructions, but they just can\'t seem to find the exact place. Liz was driving, and Mason suddenly tells her to stop. She thinks her son saw something, but it was just a reindeer. Mason runs deep in the forest and sees a town in the valley. He announces to his mother that they have found the place, but Liz can\'t get the car running. Mason assures her they can walk, it\'s not that far. They get there, and find out that the small town is called Hollyville. They walk by a strange factory, called "NP Enterprises". When they look through the fence, but they are interrupted by a man that tells them that there is "NO PEEKING!". Then they walk deeper in Hollyville. They find out that Jack, who was formerly a banker, is now working as a chef at the local cafe, called "The Egg Nog". They find a woman named Roxie to fix their car, and Liz hopes they will not stay for too long. Meanwhile, grandpa Jack takes them to his cottage, which has a huge Christmas tree inside. It is revealed that Liz doesn\'t quite like Christmas. Mason finds out that "NP Enterprises" is actually "North Pole Enterprises", and that Santa\'s elves work there, including the big man.'] ["Sophianna, a crippled orphan girl, sets out to find Santa's stolen toy sack, which is a magical source of toys since it was made from the baby Jesus' swaddling clothes. She is helped in her quest by one of Santa's elves, one of Santa's young reindeer, a fox and a polar bear."] ['The film involves a huge snowball fight between the children of a town who split into two rival gangs, one defending a snow castle, the other attacking it. The attackers are led by a boy who styles himself as "General Luc" and has a reputation for being bossy. The defenders are outnumbered and led by Marc, who owns a dog named Cleo. They also have the genius boy Francois on their side. Francois designs a massive snow mobile of total destruction and other shaitic. Elaborate snow fortress, and Marc\'s group constructs it. Luc arrives with his army, wearing makeshift armour and wielding wooden swords. They attempt to scale the walls with a ladder, but Luc is injured in the battle and orders a retreat. They regroup and stage a second, more covert attack, but they are spotted and beaten back again with snowballs soaked in paint. Luc counters by attacking a third time, this time with his army dressed in garbage bags as protection from the paint. They overwhelm the fort\'s defences, and Marc and Francois escape via toboggan through a secret tunnel. The two groups meet and agree to have one final battle to determine the winner. Luc shows up for the final siege with an even larger army, having recruited additional children with chocolate. They also possess new weapons such as slingshots and a snowball cannon. Luc orders them to charge, and despite being slowed by barricades, they eventually breach the fortress walls and engage in melee combat with the defenders. Marc\'s dog Cleo comes after her owner, and one of the fortress walls collapses, killing her. The war ends, as both sides help bury her. The song at the end of the movie is performed by Nathalie Simard. An iconic line, "La guerre, la guerre, c\'est pas une raison pour se faire mal!"  became a popular slogan against the Iraq war in 2003.{{Citation needed}}'] 