["Sometime after the events in Critters 2, Charlie MacFadden is tracking down the last of the Critters. A family of three - Annie , Johnny  and Clifford  - stops at a rest stop when their car's tire pops. At the rest stop, Charlie warns them and Josh, stepson of a corrupt landlord, about the Crites. As this happens, a Crite lays eggs under the family's car and the family leaves, unknowingly taking the eggs with them. Soon after they arrive at their tenement, the Crites hatch and attack the sleazy maintenance man, Frank. When the landlord arrives, he too is eaten by the Crites after Josh locks him in Clifford's room, unknowingly trapping his stepfather with the creatures. Next, one of the residents is attacked and wounded. Annie, her family and five others  try to get to safety in one piece by getting to the roof of the building. Charlie arrives and destroys the remaining Critters, saving the remaining tenants. The film ends in a cliffhanger as Charlie is about to destroy two Crite eggs, but is ordered not to and a containment pod sent from the Intergalactic Council crashes into the basement. Charlie puts the eggs into the pod, but accidentally traps himself inside."] ["It is 1982 and Lizzie Borden High School is host to the tenth-year reunion of the class of 1972. Their fun is murderously interrupted by the psychotic Walter Baylor who bears a grudge against his former classmates for a prank committed against him ten years ago. The motley crew of '72 set out to uncover who amongst them is committing the killings."] ['Zhang Wuji and his parents return from an isolated island and travel to Mount Wudang to celebrate his grandteacher Zhang Sanfeng\'s 100th birthday. Several pugilists attempt to force Zhang Wuji\'s parents to reveal the whereabouts of his godfather, Xie Xun, but they refuse and commit suicide in defiance. Zhang Wuji has been seriously injured by the Xuanming Elders and almost dies, but Zhang Sanfeng shows special care towards him and attempts to preserve his life. However, that incurs the jealousy of his senior Song Qingshu, who collaborates with Zhou Zhiruo of the Emei Sect to harm Zhang Wuji. One day, Zhang Wuji is bullied by Song and falls off a cliff together with Xiaozhao, a girl who helped him. They meet Huogong Toutuo by coincidence and Zhang recovers from his wounds completely, learning the powerful "Nine Yang Skill" in the process as well. Zhang discovers later that the Shaolin Sect is plotting with five other major sects to attack Bright Peak, headquarters of the Ming Cult, where Zhang\'s maternal grandfather, Yin Tianzheng is. Zhang ventures into a forbidden place on the peak and finds the "Heaven and Earth Great Shift" manual, mastering another powerful skill, and he helps the Ming Cult defeat the six sects. The cult members are grateful to Zhang and nominate him to be their leader. Zhang Wuji discovers that the conflict between the Ming Cult and the six sects was instigated by his godfather\'s sworn enemy, Cheng Kun, who has been hiding under a new identity in Shaolin all this while. At the same time, he also encounters Zhao Min, a Mongol princess, who is also an enemy of his cult. Zhao uses a special drug to poison the cult\'s members and Zhang Wuji confronts her to ask for the antidote. Zhao Min makes Zhang promise to help her do three things in exchange for the antidote. At the same time, Yin Tianzheng and the cult\'s members, who misbelieved that Shaolin was behind the poisoning, go to Shaolin Monastery for revenge but they are surprised to see corpses everywhere instead. In fact, Song Qingshu had actually betrayed the Wudang Sect and defected to the Mongol government. He is plotting with Zhao Min and her men to kill Zhang Sanfeng, but Zhang Wuji returns in time and saves his grandteacher. Zhang Wuji promises not to use his newly-mastered skills and still manages to defeat the Xuanming Elders. The film ends on a cliffhanger, as Zhao Min leaves after telling Zhang Wuji to go to Dadu to find her if he wants to rescue the missing members of the six sects.'] ["Willful Winnie Slade  purchases the home of kindly Prof. Billings  with a view to turning it into a hotel, not knowing that the scientist has been working in the basement to create a race of superbeings to help the war effort and intends to use prospective guests in his experiments--unfortunately so, given that his work has seemingly killed a number of test subjects already. Peter Lorre plays the town mayor/sheriff/hair tonic salesman Dr. Lorentz, who becomes involved in the professor's work when he sees the potential for profit, while Larry Parks is Winnie's long-suffering love interest, Bill."] ['In the town of Crescent Cove, California, Farmer Gene Green spies a comet-like object fall to the Earth. Believing it to be Haley\'s Comet he goes to find it, coming across a large circus tent-like structure he is at first amused by the sight, but he and his dog Pooh Bear are quickly killed by mysterious clown-like creatures. Meanwhile, Mike Tobacco  and his girlfriend Debbie Stone  had also seen the comet and she convinces him to follow it. Coming across the same structure, they discover a massively complex interior that looks nothing like a circus tent, and a room with cotton candy shaped cocoons. Discovering the old man and a friend\'s remains in the cocoons, they are nearly captured by the alien clowns who coat them with a popcorn gun as they escape before giving chase with a balloon-animal dog that comes to life. Narrowly escaping, Mike and Debbie travel to the police station to confide in her ex-boyfriend Dave Hanson and his skeptical, curmudgeonly partner Curtis Mooney about the killer klowns from outer space. The latter believes it to be a hoax, and so does Dave after they drop Debbie off at her home and investigate the site to find the ship missing. Coming across a group of cars on the makeout hill "Top of the World" Dave finds the place destroyed and several filled with the cotton candy-like substance and finally believes Mike. Meanwhile, the Klowns journey into town and proceed to garner a supply of townspeople, using ray guns that resemble toys to wrap them in cocoons. While their tricks seem whimsical and innocent, tricks like boxing gloves and shadow puppets to "rubber mallets" often turn deadly before the townspeople realize what is happening. Mike and Dave encounter Slim, one of the clowns, using a shadow puppet to shrink a crowd of unsuspecting people into the palm of his hand before feeding it to a bag full of baby klowns who look like popcorn, but it escapes before Mike can run him down. Mooney, convinced that the calls to the police station is the result of a hoax encounters one of the clowns and a series of pranks makes Mooney lock him up, he does not realize the threat is real however until it is too late. Dave returns to the station to find two prisoners dead, the station decorated with shoe prints, and Mooney being mimicked like a puppet with Jumbo\'s hand inserted in his back. Dave shoots Jumbo several times before destroying its nose, which causes it to spin wildly and explode. In town, Mike and his friends Rich and Paul Terenzi, who own an ice cream truck they were using to warn people with notice the town overrun by the Klowns and run to avoid capture. At her home, Debbie is attacked by creatures that grew from the popcorn she had been sprayed with, and then is captured by the Klowns when they arrive, trapping her in a giant balloon. Mike, Dave and the brothers give chase to an old abandoned amusement park where five of the movie\'s primary clowns  had already killed a security guard by plastering him with acidic pies. Journeying through a fun house leading to the ship, the Terenzi brothers become separated, meeting two female clowns who sexually harass them off-screen while Mike and Dave find their way into the ship and free Debbie from her imprisonment after witnessing one of the Klowns using a silly straw to devour one of the liquidized townspeople. They run through the maze of a ship together, encountering several strange traps and tricks along the way before reaching a main room, called "Klown Kathedral" and are surrounded by the Klowns, they are distracted when Rich and Paul arrive after escaping the female clowns in their ice cream truck and manage to trick them into stopping their attack using a fake plastic clown head to give them orders. However a viceroy and supposedly the giant leader of the Klown army, named Jojo the Klownzilla, arrives as a stringed puppet and breaks free from the strings, wanting to destroy the humans himself after the other Klowns flees from the leader, he destroys the truck with Rich and Paul still inside. Dave starts a battle with Jojo, called Klownfrontation, Dave shoots at the massive clown to distract him from Debbie and Mike\'s escape. They escape as the ship begins to coil in and spin like a top before lifting off the ground to leave earth. Inside, Dave destroys the massive clown\'s nose with his badge and as a result he explodes and the ship is destroyed with him. Having escaped to the authorities who had gathered outside the amusement park, Mike and Debbie briefly mourn their friends\' loss until the Klown\'s miniature car drops out of the sky. Dave is alive and they all embrace before Paul and Rich appear from the back of the car themselves, having hidden in the ice cream coolers to avoid the explosion.'] ['On the fifteenth anniversary of the original Woodsboro murders, high school students Jenny Randall and Marnie Cooper are attacked and brutally killed by a new Ghostface. The following day, Sidney Prescott returns to Woodsboro to promote her new book with her publicist Rebecca Walters. Sidney becomes a suspect in the murders after evidence is found in her rental car, and she must stay in town until the murders are solved. Her cousin, Jill, who is dealing with the betrayal of her ex-boyfriend, Trevor Sheldon, gets a threatening phone call from Ghostface, as does her friend Olivia Morris. Jill and Olivia, alongside their friend Kirby Reed, are questioned about their calls by Dewey Riley, who is now the sheriff of the town, while one of his deputies, Judy Hicks, assists him in the case. Meanwhile, Dewey\'s wife, Gale Weathers-Riley, is struggling with writer\'s block. She gives up the writing and decides to investigate the murder instead. Sidney stays with Jill\'s mother, Sidney\'s aunt Kate Roberts. Later that night, Olivia, who lives next door to Jill and Kate, is attacked and murdered by Ghostface as Jill and Kirby watch in horror. Sidney and Jill rush in to save Olivia, but they are injured in the attempt and are taken to the hospital. In the hospital\'s parking garage, Ghostface murders Sidney\'s publicist Rebecca. Gale, trying to solve the murders, enlists the help of two high school movie geeks, Charlie Walker and Robbie Mercer, who explain that the killer is using the rules of movie remakes to murder. Charlie concludes that the killer will likely strike at a party being held that night. Gale goes to the party to investigate. Ghostface injures her but flees when Dewey arrives. Dewey takes her to the hospital. At Jill\'s house, Sidney discovers that the policemen assigned to guard the house are dead. She also discovers that Jill has left the house and gone to Kirby\'s. Sidney goes down to tell Kate, but the killer appears, kills Kate, and disappears again. After Deputy Judy Hicks arrives, Sidney rushes to Kirby\'s house to save Jill on her own. Jill, Kirby, Charlie, Robbie and Trevor are at Kirby\'s house when Ghostface appears and murders a drunken Robbie. Sidney arrives at the house. Kirby is forced to answer horror movie trivia to save Charlie, who is tied up outside. Sidney goes upstairs to find Jill, promising to return to Kirby. After Kirby answers Ghostface\'s questions, she goes outside to untie Charlie, believing that she has won the game. He suddenly stabs her in the stomach and reveals himself as Ghostface, before leaving her for dead. Sidney is confronted by Charlie and a second Ghostface, who is unmasked as Jill. She explains that they want the attention Sidney got for surviving the murders, and that they intend to frame Trevor as Ghostface; she then pulls Trevor out of a closet and shot him in the head. Jill then betrays Charlie and kills him too, to pin him as Trevor\'s accomplice, making her the sole survivor. Jill stabs Sidney in the stomach and mutilates herself to make it seem as if Trevor attacked her. Later, Dewey, Judy, and the rest of the police stumble upon the carnage. Jill is then taken to the hospital. After discovering that Sidney had survived, she goes to Sidney\'s hospital room and attempts to finish her. Dewey, Gale, and Judy intervene, having been clued by a detail about Gale\'s injury that Jill somehow knew. Jill subdues Sidney\'s rescuers, which gives Sidney the chance to shoot her in the chest, killing her. Dewey calls in all police units, as media reporters outside confirm Jill as the "sole-surviving hero".'] ["Taking place almost exactly after Critters 3, Charlie McFadden places the last two remaining Crite eggs inside the preservation capsule as instructed by Ug. Charlie is somehow also locked inside and sent into space, where he remains in hibernation until a salvage ship finds the pod in the year 2045. The crew  reluctantly report the discovery to the Terracorp Council, upon discovering their old logo on the side of the pod. They then go to an abandoned Terracorp station to await the arrival of the council. The station is actually on its last legs and will blow up within a month or so. Furthermore, the station is controlled by a computer called Angela, which only takes orders if given the opposite instruction: working on the flawed logic that the crew are not authorised to have access and it should do the opposite of what they command. A selfish Rick however decides to open the pod early, freeing Charlie but also letting loose two young Crites which kill Rick and escape, while the crew constantly bicker about where to go from there. After a close call in a waste disposal unit, Charlie and Ethan are rescued by Bernie. Charlie learns from the others that he is no longer in 1992, and that everybody he knew on earth is now dead. Ethan finds a lab coat containing a keycard. But just like Rick earlier, Bernie strays from the group, takes the keycard with him and is then killed by the now adult Critters inside a pharmacy room. Following an attack from a lone Crite, Charlie carelessly uses an antique gun to kill it, but ends up deactivating the ship with only one bullet remaining. From then on, the crew are sitting ducks. Ethan then dashes off to search for the remaining Crite, shouting at Al Bert. Terracorp arrives shortly thereafter, but they are not there to negotiate payment. They simply want the Crite eggs returned to them. Ug, now a corrupt businessman going by the name Counselor Tetra, kills an uncooperative Al Bert, and threatens to kill Fran next unless the eggs are returned. Charlie is upset, barely accepting that his old friend has now become a traitorous villain. Tetra sends his guards to find the Crites, but the nuclear reactor begins a 10 minute self-destruction sequence. Ethan lures the guards into a room full of genetically altered Critters, which kill the guards. After killing the lead Crite, Ethan is threatened by Tetra at gunpoint. Charlie re-appears and shoots his former friend without any hesitation. With the Critters now extinct, Charlie, Ethan and Fran take Ug/Tetra's ship and begin their delayed flight back to Earth."] ["The film starts out in space on a desolate planet where human Charlie McFadden and the shapeshifting bounty hunters Ug and Lee are searching for a vicious, worm-like creature. After successfully killing the beast, they depart the planet. Soon afterwards, they receive a new assignment by Zanti, head of the High Council. He tells them that Crites  are still on earth and must be destroyed. With that, they set a course for earth. Noticing Charlie brooding, Ug inquires what's wrong. Charlie states his reluctance to going back after two years and asks, concerned, whether they would leave him there. Ug reassures him they had no such intentions. Back on earth, Brad Brown is visiting his grandmother in Grover's Bend and word gets around the town fast implying he became well known after the events of the first film. Shortly after the bounty hunters arrive the Crites begin terrorizing the town. They begin to grow in large numbers. Lee, Ug's partner, is killed and devoured by the Critters, causing Ug to slip into a deep depression and revert back to his alien form. The remaining people of the town devise a plot. They lead the Critters to a burger shop in an attempt to blow them up but fail. The Crites then come together into a large ball and begin heading to the church. The Crites then devour a man dressed as the Easter Bunny. Just before they reach the church, Charlie flies directly into them with Ug's spaceship, seemingly destroying the Critters and sacrificing himself. Ug then takes on Charlie's facial feature in honor of his bravery. It is later revealed the next day as Bradly begins to depart that Charlie survived by using a parachute and stays on earth, becoming sheriff of the town. Ug departs in a new spacecraft, still wearing the guise of Charlie."] ['Attendees at a horror-film convention in San Francisco keep disappearing. It turns out that the guest of honor is a real vampire, and his henchmen are kidnapping the convention guests. A horror writer, a Sherlock Holmes fan and an Israeli Nazi-hunter set out to stop him.'] ["The film opens with a parody of The Exorcist, during which teenager Megan Voorhees  becomes possessed by the spirit of Hugh Kane, the previous owner of the House. Two priests, Father McFeely  and Father Harris  attempt to drive Hugh's ghost out, but the exorcism does not go as planned, resulting in a chain of vomiting and various instances of near-pedophilia. Finally, McFeely responds to an insult towards his mother by shooting Megan. One year later, Cindy Campbell , Brenda Meeks , Ray Wilkins , and Shorty Meeks  are at college, trying to live new lives following the events of the previous film . Cindy and Brenda get tagged by a socially maladjusted girl, Alex . Ray, still confused about his sexuality, has two new male friends, Tommy  and Buddy . Shorty is still the same stoner he was before. A lecherous teacher, Professor Oldman  and his paraplegic assistant, Dwight Hartman , plan to study the paranormal activity at a local haunted mansion called Hell House using the clueless teens. Meanwhile, Buddy's advances are spurned by Cindy, who is recovering from her previous relationship. Leading to a scene in which Buddy gives Cindy a wedgie. When Cindy is the first to arrive at Hell House, she encounters a vulgar parrot , and the caretaker, Hanson , who has a malformed hand. Before coming to Hell House, she was in her car listening to Vitamin C's Graduation  and she sings along. Annoyed by Cindy's terrible singing, Vitamin C's voice curses at her and tells her to let her sing. Cindy shuts up and Vitamin C continues singing. Later that evening, the group, including sexy newcomer Theo , sit down for dinner. Unfortunately, everybody loses their appetite due to Hanson's repulsive antics. In the night, Cindy hears voices directing her to a secret room, where she and Buddy discover a treasure chest containing the diary of the wife of the house's dead owner, Hugh Kane. They also find an old portrait of the wife and note Cindy's resemblance to her—Buddy also points out several flaws in Cindy's appearance. Meanwhile, many of the teens fall victim to violent attacks. Cindy gets involved in a fist fight with the house cat, Mr. Kittles. A toy clown attempts to kill Ray — but thanks to some quick thinking, Ray perversely turns the tables and rapes the clown. A weed-monster turns Shorty into a joint and tries to smoke him — fortunately, the plant gets distracted by munchies and lets him escape. The ghost of Hugh Kane  has sex with Alex in her bedroom, yet departs in the morning when Alex expresses her interest in becoming the new Mrs. Kane. Oldman is seduced and killed the disfigured ghost of the murdered mistress. Shorty later encounters the same ghost, yet he seduces her instead. After Dwight equips the teens with weapons that can injure their spectral enemy, they are pursued throughout the mansion. Buddy and Cindy get locked in the refrigerator. Thinking that Buddy is dying from an encounter with the ghost, Cindy gives him a handjob. The couple then escape the room following a convoluted deus ex machina, in which Cindy uses a collection of random objects in the room to somehow produce a Caterpillar tractor, which she drives through the wall. Hanson himself gets possessed by Kane. Cindy, Brenda, and Theo team up to fight him in a parody of Charlie's Angels, but wind up defeated. Eventually, Dwight and the teens regroup, and agree to use Cindy as bait to lure Kane into a device that will destroy him. The plan succeeds, freeing the group from the house's curse. Two months later, Cindy and Buddy are in a relationship and go out for a walk. However, Buddy disappears without notice when Cindy discovers Hanson at the hot dog stand. As Cindy backs away in fear, Hanson pursues her — and gets struck by a car driven by Shorty, distracted by a blowjob from the ghost of the mistress."] ['After learning about the "Hip Hop Witch", a powerful supernatural being that lurks in the ghettos and attacks upcoming rappers which makes their record sales go up, five suburban teenagers go on a quest to get their rap careers started by being attacked by said witch. Filming their experience, they run into past hip hop stars that have already battled the Witch in person.'] ['The film begins with a reenactment of the gruesome events of cannibalism as described by the prosecuting attorney during Alferd Packer\'s trial in 1883. Packer insists that things happened differently than what has been recounted, and begins to tell his story to journalist Polly Pry  through flashback. In 1873, a group of miners in Provo, Utah hear of new gold discoveries in Breckenridge and decide to travel to Colorado Territory to stake a claim. After the original guide, Lucky Larry, dies from a lightning strike, Packer is nominated as the replacement since he claimed knowledge of the area. He and his trusty horse, Liane, set off with five miners, Shannon Wilson Bell , James Humphrey , Frank Miller , George Noon , and Israel Swan , on what Packer estimates will be a three-week journey. Four weeks later, they become convinced they are lost. At a nearby frontier post, they run into a group of three fur trappers, Loutzenheiser , Nutter , and their diminutive leader, Frenchy Cabazon . The trappers despise the miners, “diggers” as they call them, yet seem to like Packer’s horse. They tell the group they are heading towards Saguache. The next day, Packer wakes up to discover his horse and friend, Liane, is missing. The men press on and cross the Green River near the Utah border. The group asks Packer if there are any other big rivers that they will have to cross to which he replies, “Oh no, just the Colorado River.” Eventually, the Packer party is spotted by two “Nihonjin” Indians . They are taken back to the tribe where they learn the trappers are waiting for the winter storm to pass as recommended by the chief . The story returns to the present time, where Polly continues her research of Packer’s story by herself. The next day, Packer is sentenced to death by hanging. Polly visits Packer once again in prison, where he continues his story, and she reveals her growing affection for him through song. The men set out in the wilderness after Packer learns the trappers have already left. The group begins to suspect that Packer is really only interested in following the trappers to find his horse. They soldier on until they encounter the foreboding Cyclops  who recalls how a Union soldier shot out his eye in the Civil War. He realizes Packer\'s men are not “Southern boys” after they can not finish the lyrics to "Dixie". They escape and the badly frostbitten Swan tries to cheer everybody up with a song about building a snowman. They soon run out of food, resorting to eating their shoes as they become lost in the snow covered Rocky Mountains. Out of frustration, Bell shoots Swan in the head because he does not appreciate his  Pollyanna-esque perspective on their predicament. The men discuss their dire situation that night over the fire, speaking of the cannibalism that the Donner Party had to resort to in California. They decide to consume the body of their dead companion, but “not the butt”. Only Bell refuses. A few more days leads to talk of sacrificing one of their own. Packer convinces them for one more chance for a scouting trip, but when he returns, Bell has killed the others, claiming they planned to kill and eat him after Packer left. Packer is forced to kill Bell after threatening to turn him in, realizing he has gone insane. Arriving in Saguache sometime later, Packer finds Liane, who has taken to Frenchy Cabazon. The sheriff of Saguache eventually finds and arrests Packer for cannibalism during a bar-fight between him and the trappers. On the day of Packer\'s execution he is saved at the gallows by the effort of Liane and Polly. They had gotten a stay of execution from the governor which states that Packer could not be convicted of a state crime since Colorado was not a state at the time of the incident. Cabazon tries to trigger the gallows, since the townsfolk came to see bloodshed. The Indian chief saves Packer by cutting his rope with a katana before beheading Cabazon, satisfying the crowd\'s bloodlust. Polly and Packer kiss only to be frightened by a still-alive Bell.'] ['{{Plot}} Nerdy college student Alister McDowell  moves in with mean asshole kid Larnell , typical "surfer-stoner" Bachman  and former baseball player Brett . During Alister\'s stay, Larnell sees an ad for a large bong, in which the previous owner claims it was "possessed". After receiving the bong and taking a couple of hits , Brett introduces Alister to his girlfriend Luann  and her friend Janet , who Alister develops a crush for. Later that night, Bachman wakes up in a strip club where he meets Ooga Booga from Doll Graveyard and Ivan Burroughs  from Decadent Evil. He\'s introduced by one of the strippers  who has skull heads on the cups of her bra. When he comes near the bra, the skull heads start biting him in the neck and he bleeds to death. The next morning, the other roommates find Bachman dead on the couch. Alister tells to them that it\'s probably from the weed that came with the bong. Larnell also notices that the bong has changed. The trio then hide his body underneath a pile of trash in the basement, after nearly getting caught by Larnell\'s paralyzed-but-wealthy grandfather, Cyril , who came by to tell Larnell that he just got remarried. Later on, the bong  starts speaking to Larnell  and tempts him to take a hit out of her. After doing so, he ends being in the same strip club as before. Here he sees Bachman , the Gingerdead Man, and his grandfather. Eventually a stripper gives Larnell a lap dance, and he\'s killed in a similar way that Bachman was killed. Back in the real world, Luann and Janet come over to play Trivial Pursuit. After playing the game, the group  take a hit from the bong. After Brett and Luann pass out, they wake up in the same strip club and they\'re greeted by Jack Attack of Demonic Toys, and Luann is taken away by the bouncer. Brett is then treated by another stripper , who happens to be Brett\'s ex-girlfriend Carla Brewster. She eventually uses her lip-cupped bra to bite off Brett\'s genitals, killing him. Meanwhile, when Allister starts figuring out what\'s going on, Janet falls prey to the bong and passes out. A man named Jimbo Leary  randomly enters the room and proclaims that the bong is his. He also explains that the bong  has a voodoo curse on it and that once you take enough hits from it, it brings you to the "Bong World"  and kills you. In order to save Janet, Allister takes a hit from the bong and is instantly sent to the bong world. Meanwhile, Jimbo tries destroying the bong with a hammer, chainsaw, and  a bomb. Eebee unleashes marijuana smoke from her bong, causing Jimbo to inhale and pass out. Meanwhile in the Bong World, Eebee forces the strippers to seduce Allister, but he breaks them off. Once he finds a stoned Janet, they take "vitamins"  to make them sober again. Jimbo, who has just got sucked into the bong world, tells them to go ahead and escape while he takes care of Eebee. Jimbo comes up to Eebee and shows Eebee the time bomb now strapped to his chest. Jimbo activates the bomb and blows up Eebee and apparently Jimbo himself. Back in the real world, Alister and Janet wake up, with Larnell, Brett, Luann, and Bachman coming back to life. Jimbo, however, has been killed, along with the bong, which is now shattered into pieces. The last scene shows that Jimbo is now the king of the Bong World. His first rule of business is to have the strippers to have fun with the last of his Hot Wheels. During the end credits, Eebee\'s voice can be heard, saying that she comes back as the...KING BONG!'] ['{{copyedit}} After smuggling a strong box of the Cuban treasury and a group of exiled Cubans out of the now communist Cuba, a group of criminal and exiled Americans plot how to rid themselves of the Cubans guarding the money and come up with the plan to imitate a sea monster and blame the deaths on it. An American spy smuggles himself on board and acts as a narrator and all around good guy, ending up as the only original character to survive until the end. The sea monster turns out to be real and quite deadly. The movie concludes with the sea monster killing everyone and getting the money for itself, while Sparks Moran, the spy, ends up with the girl.'] ["A young comic book fan Todd Dougherty is upset about his widowed father re-marrying. When a series of neighbors turn up dead, Todd suspects his stepmother-to-be and accuses her of being a monster. Everyone dismisses Todd's accusations as the result of an over-active imagination. As the wedding date approaches, it becomes a race against time to reveal the truth before his father ties the knot.[allmovie website: http://www.allmovie.com/work/stepmonster-46838]"] ["The film is presented as a safety instruction video for forklift truck drivers and shows the first day of work for newly-qualified forklift truck driver Klaus. The film highlights in a gory manner the dangers of unsafe operation of machinery. As the film progresses the injuries/deaths become more brutal, beginning with things like a man falling from the fork lift after he was lifted improperly, and ending with the most violent: a stray chainsaw that had been on when the arm using it was cut off drives itself around before reaching a man who has already been cut in half and hit on the head by an emergency warning bell , and it is stopped by a hammer. As it cuts through the hammer's handle, the man stares at the example of what the saw is about to do to him. Finally the saw breaks the hammer and drives into the man, and we see a POV shot of his guts being chopped up. The film ends after Klaus is killed by decapitation and two men are left stuck to the fork 'prongs' screaming. The forklift drives off into the sunset as the men continue to scream."] ['Carpathia, 1851: Elvira and her maidservant Zou Zou , on their way to a can-can revue in Paris, get kicked out of an inn for a slight monetary discrepancy. She is rescued by a local who takes her to stay at the castle in the hills high above the village. The fact that she happens to resemble the count\'s  former "missing" wife opens a can of worms for the two.'] ["Police assistant Lance Boyle is a childish detective who is lumbered with worthless police cases. However, after several murders in a nearby wood that concern Killer Tomatoes, Lance finds himself working alongside Kennedy Johnson, a Tomatologist, to solve the murders. Nearby, Professor Gangreen  has begun using subliminal mind control on his talk show, disguised as talk show host Jeronahew. After kidnapping members of the Press and Media, Gangrene and his assistant Igor plot to use his brainwashed Press members, as well as the Subliminal Mind control, to overpower the human race and make the world a planet run by himself and his killer tomatoes. Following countless killer tomatoes attacks, Lance and Kennedy finally reach Gangrene's hideout, where they must pit themselves against killer tomatoes, brainwashed newsreaders and a giant Bacon, Lettuce and Human sandwich, of which Kennedy may be a part of. With help from FT,  Lance rescues Kennedy and Gangreen is defeated, left at the mercy of the hungry killer tomatoes."] ['Vince ([[Stephen Graham  is depressed over his recent divorce. Six of his friends—Neil , Mikey , Graham , Matt , Patrick  and Banksy , all of whom have their own women problems—decide to take him on a "boy\'s weekend". They hire a minibus driven by Candy  to Moodley, a village where the women allegedly outnumber the men 4 to 1. Banksy misses the bus and travels to the town on his own. Arriving at the town, the boys find it quiet and surprisingly devoid of women. On the way back to the minibus, the men notice a hooded teenage girl Alison Carroll being attacked by a man in military uniform. They rush to her aid and in the confusion of the moment, the hooded teen takes the soldier\'s knife and stabs Neil. They run for the bus dragging the unconscious soldier with them but discover that Candy, their once-hot bus driver has already become infected. More infected women appear and begin to attack them as they retreat to a house owned by Mikey\'s grandmother. The soldier  admits that the town has been infected by a biological agent that turns women into man-hating cannibals. The men make another attempt to get on the bus, using the wounded Neil to lure Candy away. However two other infected women had joined her and chase the men back into the streets. They scatter about the village, hiding in a toy store, a clothes shop, and the butcher shop. Patrick gets trapped on a billboard. Neil runs into a house but is taken prisoner by a morbidly obese woman who cuts off his little finger and eats it. Neil eventually escapes and is joined by the others, after their own misadventures, in the local church. There they discover a military command center. Matt powers up the computers and they talk briefly to a local politician, Meg Nut . She had been involved in the distribution of the toxin disguised as biological washing powder. The soldier finds a control box and explains it is a sonar device designed to emit a high pitched sound that will stun the zombified women once they have evolved further into "Phase 2" monsters that are faster, more intelligent and weirder. The women so change but when the soldier uses the sonar device it is revealed to have stopped working. He is then killed by Mikey\'s grandmother, before Matt bludgeons the monster-nan to death with a golf club. Traumatized by what he has done, Matt walks off to \'cool it off\' and is killed by a "Phase 2" monster which had appeared from the basement of the Church. After finding a nest with woman feasting on the bodies of men in the basement, the men barricade themselves on the roof of the church as more zombies break in. Banksy eventually arrives at Moodley. Although at first he believes his friends to be high on drugs, he soon recognizes the seriousness of the situation and fetches a ladder to get them off the roof. Graham is then attacked by the morbidly obese woman. Banksy leads the surviving group to his vehicle—a small Smart car, definitely not big enough for all of them. As they all argue Patrick is attacked and dies a bloody death. Everyone else heads to the minibus, where Banksy is killed as Vince fights off Candy. Vince berates Neil and Mikey, who treat their women poorly but get away with it, while men like him and their dead friends treat women with respect, only to be discarded or killed. He resolves to be more like them. Before they can drive away, the voice of the still-alive Graham crackles over the walkie-talkie. As he makes his way out from the church Graham powers up the stun-device using a high-voltage power supply. With it now working, the men are able to stop the women in their tracks, however Vince inadvertently drops and breaks it. The infected are once again unleashed and, with the injured Graham in a shopping trolley, the four make a run for it, laughing.'] ["The original plot cast Davis as the title character, a chain smoking witch named Miranda, who has married Sam while his vegetarian daughter Jenny and son-in-law Steve are on vacation. They return to find their new stepmother has filled their refrigerator with meat and played havoc with their collection of herbs. To explain Davis' absence, the script was rewritten to introduce Miranda's daughter Priscilla, who takes on a human form while her mother's spirit inhabits the body of a cat. Priscilla then sets out to get Jenny who has figured out that there is something going on. She accuses her of messing up the kitchen while Jenny's on a bike ride. Priscilla ends up sleeping with Jenny's husband. The entire time she refuses to switch bodies with Miranda. Jenny then figures out that they're witches and tries to stop them from ruining her family."] ['Four actors go to a cabin in the woods to write, direct, and act in a film that will jump-start their careers. Their idea is a horror film about a man with a bag over his head, but what happens when that man mysteriously shows up?'] ["Alex Gardner , a college student suffers from reoccurring nightmares in which he experiences the deaths of the victims of a vicious killer who lived on Alcatraz, before it became a prison. When the nightmares begin manifesting in reality, and his friends see him hovering over his bed, his teacher , an occultist, tells him to go to the island to face down the ghost of the killer. The friends become stranded on the island, and Alex's brother Richard  becomes possessed, killing some friends and raping one of the girls. Alex is aided in his quest by the ghost of Sammy Mitchell , a singer for the band Bodybag. Sammy teaches Alex how to levitate and escape his body, and is also the subject of a dance routine, intercut into the film. The friends lure the ghost of the killer, and Alex's brother into the prison chapel, and blow it up, releasing the curse."] ['Two American college students, David Kessler and Jack Goodman, are backpacking across the Yorkshire moors. As darkness falls, they decide to stop for the night at a pub called "The Slaughtered Lamb". Jack notices a five-pointed star on the wall. When he asks about it, the pub becomes very quiet and the pubgoers start acting very strange and hostile. The pair decide to leave, but not before the others offer them pieces of advice such as "Beware the moon, lads" and "Keep to the road." Whilst conversing with each other and wondering what they meant, they wander off the road, onto the moors. Back at the pub, the owner gets very distressed and suggests that they go after the pair. As she says this, a sinister howling is heard. The rest of the pubgoers, having barricaded the door, decline. Back out on the moors, Jack and David have also heard the howls, and they seem to be steadily getting closer. They start back to the Slaughtered Lamb when they realize that they have left the road and are now lost on the moors. A full moon comes out from behind the clouds, and they remember the advice they were given earlier. The noises get steadily closer until they are stopped by a supernaturally large animal. The animal attacks both of them, and kills Jack. The animal is then shot and killed by the pubgoers, who have finally emerged. The beast changes into the dying body of a naked man. David survives the mauling and is taken to a hospital in London. When David wakes up three weeks later, he does not remember what happened and is told of his friend\'s death. David is questioned by the arrogant Inspector Villiers and the bumbling, but more understanding Sergeant McManus and learns that he and Jack were supposedly attacked by an escaped lunatic. David insists that they were actually attacked by a large wolf. But Villiers had already been told there were witnesses and an autopsy report of the maniac, so they deduce that David is suffering from shock. David begins to have a series of bizarre nightmares. In the first, he runs through the woods, then decapitates and eats a deer. In the second, he is in a hospital bed with a monstrous, fanged face. In the final dream, he is at home with his family when they are attacked by Nazis with monstrous faces. Things get stranger when Jack, now a reanimated corpse, comes to visit David and explains that they were attacked by a werewolf, stating that David himself is, in fact, now a werewolf. Jack urges David to kill himself before the next full moon, not only because Jack is cursed to exist in a state of living death for as long as the bloodline of the werewolf that attacked them survives, but also to prevent David from inflicting the same fate on his eventual victims. Trying to see if David is indeed telling the truth, his doctor, Hirsch takes a trip to the Slaughtered Lamb. However, when asked about the incident, the pubgoers deny any knowledge of David, Jack or their attacker. But one distraught pubgoer speaks to Dr. Hirsch outside the pub and says that David should not have been taken away, and that he and everyone else will be in danger when he changes. He\'s interrupted by another pubgoer, who remains silent. After more investigation, Dr. Hirsch finds out that the police report was "misplaced", and that David\'s wounds were cleaned and dressed before he was even looked at by the authorities. The doctor is convinced that the whole town was lying, and that David was indeed attacked by some sort of animal, though he is not convinced it was a werewolf. Upon his release from the hospital, David moves in with Alex Price, the pretty young nurse who grew infatuated with him in the hospital. He stays in Alex\'s London apartment, where they later make love for the first time. Jack  suddenly appears to David again and tells him that he will turn into a werewolf the next day. Jack advises David to take his own life; otherwise he is doomed to kill innocent people who will then become the living dead. When the full moon rises, as Jack had warned, David, who is alone in the apartment, begins to feel excruciating pain before stripping naked upon "burning up" and turning into a werewolf. He prowls the streets and the London Underground and slaughters six Londoners. When he wakes in the morning, he is naked on the floor of the wolf cage at London Zoo with no memory of his nocturnal, lupine, lycanthropic, carnivorous activities, but unharmed by the resident wolves. Later that day, David realizes that Jack was right about everything and that he is responsible for the murders of the night before. After failing to get himself arrested and running from Alex, David calls his family in New York to basically say good-bye, though he only speaks to his little sister. Walking out of the phone booth after failing to slit his wrists with his pocket knife, David spots Jack  outside an adult cinema in Piccadilly Circus. Inside, Jack is accompanied by David\'s victims from the previous night. They all insist that he must commit suicide before turning into a werewolf again. While talking with them, night falls and, consequently, David turns into a werewolf again and goes on another killing spree. After busting out of the cinema , a horrific melee ensues. David is ultimately cornered in an alley by the police. Alex arrives to calm him down by telling him that she loves him. Though he is apparently temporarily softened, he is shot and killed when he lunges forward, returning to human form in front of a grieving Alex as he dies.'] ['{{plot}} The film opens with Larry Talbot  making an urgent call from London to a Florida railway station where Chick Young  and Wilbur Grey  work as baggage-clerks. Talbot tries to impart to Wilbur the danger of a shipment to the "McDougal House Of Horrors"  which purportedly contain the actual bodies of Count Dracula  and the Frankenstein Monster . However, before he is able, a full moon rises and Talbot becomes The Wolf Man and the call disconnects. Wilbur, thinking the call is just a crank, continues on with his work day. Immediately thereafter, the actual Mr. McDougal  shows up to claim the shipments and, fearing them damaged whenever Wilbur and Chick mishandle them, demands that the crates be delivered in person so his insurance agent can inspect them. When Chick and Wilbur get to McDougal\'s "House Of Horrors", they open the first crate and find a coffin with "Dracula" inscribed on the front. When Chick leaves to retrieve the second crate, Wilbur witnesses Dracula awaken and tries to get Chick\'s attention. But when Chick returns with the second crate, Dracula hides just in time to go unnoticed. After Chick leaves again to greet McDougal and the insurance agent, Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur and re-animates Frankenstein\'s Monster. McDougal and the insurance agent  arrive again too late to witness anything. Finding the storage crates empty, McDougal accuses the boys of theft and has them arrested. That night, Dr. Sandra Mornay  receives Dracula and the Monster at her island castle. Sandra, a gifted surgeon who has studied Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebooks, has been posing as Wilbur\'s girlfriend as part of Dracula\'s scheme to replace the Monster\'s brutish brain with a more pliable one — Wilbur\'s. Wilbur and Chick are bailed out of jail and mistakenly believe Sandra to be their benefactor. It is actually Joan Raymond , who is secretly working for the insurance company that is processing McDougal\'s claim, and hopes Wilbur will lead her to the missing "exhibits". Meanwhile, Larry Talbot has taken the apartment across the hall from Wilbur and Chick. He has tracked Dracula and the Monster from Europe and knows them to be alive. Talbot asks Chick and Wilbur to help him find and destroy Dracula and the Monster. The next day, Joan Raymond comes to Chick and Wilbur\'s apartment and feigns love for Wilbur. Wilbur, not expecting the favor but embracing it, invites Joan to the masquerade ball that evening. That night, Wilbur, Chick and Joan go to Sandra\'s castle to pick her up for the ball. While the ladies powder their noses, Wilbur answers a telephone call from someone wanting to speak to a \'Dr Leighos\'. It is Talbot, who informs them that they are in fact in the "House of Dracula". Wilbur reluctantly agrees to search the castle with Chick, and soon stumbles upon an underground passageway, complete with boat and dock. Chick insists they search for Dracula and the Monster in an attempt to prove to Wilbur that they do not really exist. Wilbur experiences a few close calls when he is confronted by the monsters and every time he tries to show them to Chuck they have disappeared. Meanwhile, Joan has discovered Dr. Frankenstein\'s notebook in Sandra\'s bureau and Sandra has discovered Joan\'s insurance company employee I.D. in her purse. After the women re-join the men, a suavely dressed Dr. Leighos,  descends the castle stairs and introduces himself to Joan and the boys. Also working at the castle is the naive Prof. Stevens , who questions some of the specialized equipment that has arrived. After Wilbur admits that he was in the basement, Sandra feigns a headache and tells Wilbur and the others that they will have to go to the ball without her. In private, Sandra admits that Stevens\' questions, Joan\'s credentials, and Wilbur\'s curiosity in the basement have made her nervous enough to put the experiment on hold. Impatient, Dracula asserts his will by hypnotizing her, biting her in the throat, and making her his vampire slave. At the ball, the boys encounter Talbot and McDougal just as Dracula and Sandra rejoin the group. Dracula, when confronted by Talbot, easily deflects accusations that he is "the real thing" by insisting that it\'s only his costume and he is not actually Dracula. While Dracula takes Joan for a dance, Sandra lures Wilbur to a quiet spot in the woods. Before she can move in and bite him, Chick and Larry approach and she flees. As they search for Joan, Talbot transforms into the Wolf Man and stalks Wilbur. Wilbur escapes, but the Wolf Man finds and injures McDougal. Noting that Chick has brought a wolf mask as his costume to the ball, McDougal concludes that it was Chick who actually attacked him out of revenge. Chick manages to slip away, only to witness Dracula hypnotizing Wilbur. Chick is then also hypnotized and rendered helpless while Dracula and Sandra bring Wilbur and Joan back to the castle. The next morning, Chick and Talbot meet and Talbot tells Chick that he is the Wolf Man. After Chick explains to him that Dracula has taken Wilbur and Joan to the island they agree to work together to rescue them. While Wilbur is being held in a pillory, Sandra finally explains to him the plan to transplant his brain into the Monster. She and Dracula leave him to prepare the Monster for the operation. Chick and Talbot arrive to rescue Wilbur, but in an attempt to escape Dracula hypnotizes Wilbur into coming back. Wilbur who is now strapped to a slab witnesses Dracula giving the Monster electrical boosts in the lab. Just as Sandra prepares to open Wilbur\'s skull, Talbot and Chick storm in. Talbot struggles with Sandra and casts her aside. Chick knocks out Sandra and runs out of the lab to make Dracula leave so Talbot can save Wilbur. Just as Talbot is about to untie Wilbur, he once again transforms into the Wolf Man. Dracula returns to the lab to find the Wolf Man there and flees, with the Wolf Man giving chase. Chick arrives to untie Wilbur just as the Monster, now at full power, breaks his own restraints and rises from his stretcher. Sandra attempts to order him back, but the Monster defiantly throws her out the lab window to her death. Chick and Wilbur try to escape with the Monster hot on their trail. After trying to fight off the Wolf Man with little success, Dracula attempts to escape and transforms into a bat, but the Wolf Man snares him then grab him and fall down to the sea below .Joan abruptly wakes from her trance, while the boys escape the castle and head to the pier with the Monster in pursuit. Wilbur succeeds in untying the boat, while Stevens and Joan arrive and set the pier ablaze. The Monster turns around and marches into the flames, succumbing as the pier collapses into the water. Just as Chick and Wilbur relax, Wilbur scolds Chick for not believing him. After Chick tells him he will believe him from now on, they hear a disembodied voice  and see a cigarette floating in the air. The voice says: "Allow me to introduce myself, I\'m the Invisible Man!" The boys jump off the boat and swim away while the Invisible Man lights his cigarette and laughs as the final scene comes to a close.'] [' In 1990, architect Frank Bannister loses his wife, Debra, in a car accident. He gives up his profession, letting his unfinished "dream house" sit incomplete for years. Following the accident, Frank gains the power to see ghosts and befriends three: Cyrus, a 1970s gangster, Stuart, a 1950s nerd, and the Judge, a gunslinger from the Old West. The ghosts haunt houses in the area to accumulate work for Frank\'s ghostbusting business; Frank then "exorcises" the houses for a fee. He does this for an old woman, Mrs. Bradley, who keeps her daughter Patricia locked in the house. Most locals see him as a con man. Frank cons local health nut Ray Lynskey and his wife Lucy, a physician. Ray dies of a heart attack not long after. An encounter with his ghost leads Frank to discover that an entity resembling the Grim Reaper is killing people and marking numbers on their foreheads that only the psychic can see. Frank\'s wife Debra had a similar number when she was found. Because Frank can see the numbers ahead of time he can foretell the murders, but this puts him under suspicion with the police, even Sheriff Perry, who is usually patient with Frank. He calls in FBI agent Milton Dammers. Highly paranoid, obsessive and disturbed from years of undercover work, Dammers is convinced that Frank is psychically responsible for the killings. Frank is captured and detained after the town\'s newspaper editor, Madga, is killed: she\'d published articles attacking him. Lucy investigates the murders and becomes a target of the Reaper. She is attacked while visiting Frank in jail, but they escape with the help of Cyrus and Stuart, who are both dissolved in the process. Frank wants to commit suicide to stop the Reaper. Lucy helps Frank have a near death experience by putting him into hypothermia and using barbiturates to stop his heart. Dammers abducts Lucy, revealing that he had been a victim of Charles Manson and his "Family" in 1969. In his ghostly form, Frank confronts the Reaper and discovers that he is the ghost of Johnny Bartlett, a psychiatric hospital orderly who killed 12 people 32 years ago before being caught, convicted and executed. Patricia Bradley, then a teenager, was accused as his accomplice. Lucy resuscitates Frank and visits Patricia, who is actually on friendly terms with Bartlett\'s ghost. Lucy and Frank trap Bartlett\'s spirit in his urn, which Patricia has kept. The pair make for the chapel of the now-abandoned psychiatric hospital hoping to send Bartlett\'s ghost to Hell. Patricia and Dammers chase them through the ruins. Dammers throws the ashes away, releasing Bartlett\'s ghost again before Patricia kills him. Bartlett\'s ghost and Patricia hunt down Frank and Lucy. Frank realizes that Bartlett\'s ghost, with Patricia\'s help, was responsible for his wife\'s death and the number on her brow. Out of bullets, Patricia strangles Frank, but Frank in spirit form rips Patricia\'s spirit from her body. Bartlett grabs Patricia\'s ghost, while Frank makes it to Heaven, where he\'s reunited with Cyrus and Stuart along with his wife Debra. Bartlett and Patricia\'s spirits are dragged to Hell. Frank learns it is not yet his time and is sent back to his body. Frank and Lucy fall in love. Lucy can now see ghosts as well. Frank later begins demolishing the unfinished dream house and building a life with Lucy. As for the ghost of Dammers, he\'s now riding around in the sheriff\'s car.'] ['A guide and a tourist are birdwatching in the shades of Camp Blackwood and begin to have sex. Suddenly, a man in a clown mask appears and brutally murders them. The story then focuses on four campers, who are planning a trip to Camp Blackwood. On the way, they meet the madcap Bromley Thatcher. After a brief exchange that includes a warning from Thatcher - "I\'m not talking about a ghost here boy, I\'m talking about a man, a REAL man, and he\'s in those woods!" - the group head into Camp Blackwood, now known to the audience as \'Camp Blood\'. In the woods, they meet their guide, a butch lesbian known as \'Harris\'. After spending the day doing menial tasks such as collecting firewood and setting up camp, the group settle down into their respective tents to enjoy a session of late-night love making. The group awake in the morning to find the burnt out carcass of Harris on the campfire . The majority of the plot then revolves around the clown chasing the various characters through the woods and brutally murdering all of them but Tricia, who manages to run away from the clown. In attempting to escape the murderous clown, Tricia runs to her deceased boyfriend\'s automobile. At this point, she meets Thatcher, who attempts to aid the clown by hindering Tricia\'s escape. In the ensuing melee, Tricia hacks Thatcher to death with the clown\'s machete, and enters the car and runs over the clown, who is revealed to be Harris. Just as Tricia is driving away safely, the clown appears in the back seat and strangles Tricia into unconsciousness. When Tricia regains consciousness, she is in a mental asylum. After giving Tricia an injection, the \'doctors\' depart from the room. It is at this point that Tricia hallucinates the clown entering the room.'] ['After a series of murders in San Francisco that all take place inside closets, a reporter and his scientist friend decide to uncover the mystery and save California."VideoHound\'s Golden Movie Retriever 2003", page 514. Gale Group, Inc., 2004 The film contains many comical and subtle references to homosexuality. The title referencing the state of being a closeted gay, the creature\'s sudden smitteness and affection for the handsome leading man even though there is no other indication that the creature is female, and the film ends with it collapsing & dying while marching on San Francisco!'] ['Dr. Bill Cortner  is a successful scientist with a beautiful fiancée named Jan Compton . After a horrible car accident decapitates Jan, Dr. Cortner collects her severed head and rushes it to his laboratory, where he revives it and manages to keep it alive in a liquid-filled tray. Cortner now decides to commit murder to obtain an attractive new body to attach to his fiancée\'s head. As he hunts for a suitable specimen, Jan begins to hatch some murderous plans of her own. Filled with hatred for Cortner because he won\'t let her die, she communicates telepathically with a hideous mutant in the laboratory cell, telling it to kill the scientist. The mutant monster begins by killing the doctor\'s assistant; after feeding the monster and doing some general cleanup around the laboratory, he unwittingly stands before the hatch in the door of the monster\'s cell/closet , whereupon the monster thrusts his giant arm through and tears the assistant to pieces. After searching for some suitable subjects, Cortner brings one to his residence and, drugging her drink so that she loses consciousness, carries her down to the lab. Jan protests when Cortner explains his plan to transplant her head onto this new body, and he summarily tapes her mouth shut. Once again, the scientist stands in front of the door to the monster\'s cell, with the hatch, once again, open. This time, the monster grabs the scientist through the door and, securing him in a headlock, applies such force that the door is torn from its hinges. We finally see the monster, which other than its bloodstained clothes and its seven-foot height has a horribly deformed head . At the end, the laboratory is seen to be ablaze; Cortner lies dead on the floor and the monster has carried the girl away to safety. As the lab goes up in flames, Jan says "I told you to let me die." The film goes to black while Jan cackles maniacally.'] ['Three film directors make a documentary about the undead in a invested world, he filmed in a time of real zombies.Horror Genre - Press Release: Reel Zombies The crew filmed the backdrop of the zombie apocalypse, the real zombie invasion is underwayPrimal Films Inc. - Reel Zombies.'] ['After being pulled through a time portal, Ash Williams lands in 1300 AD, where he is almost immediately captured by Lord Arthur\'s men, who suspect him to be an agent for Duke Henry, with whom Arthur is at war. He is enslaved along with the captured Henry, his gun and chainsaw confiscated, and is taken to a castle. Ash is thrown in a pit where he fights off a Deadite and regains his weapons from Arthur\'s Wise Man. After demanding Henry and his men be set free  and killing a deadite in full view of everyone, Ash is celebrated as a hero. He also grows attracted to Sheila, the sister of one of Arthur\'s fallen knights. According to the Wise Man, the only way Ash can return to his time is to retrieve the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis. After bidding goodbye to Sheila, Ash starts his search for the Necronomicon. As he enters a haunted forest, an unseen force pursues Ash through the woods. Fleeing, he ducks into a windmill where he crashes into a mirror. The small reflections of Ash climb out from the shattered mirror and torment him. One of the reflections dives down Ash\'s throat and uses his body to become a life-sized clone of Ash and attack him, after which Ash kills and buries the clone. When he arrives at the Necronomicon\'s location, he finds three books instead of one. Ash eventually finds the real one and attempts to say the magic phrase that will allow him to remove the book safely — "Klaatu verata nicto". However, forgetting the last word, he tries to trick the book by mumbling/coughing the missing word. He then grabs the book from the cradle, and rushes back to the castle, while the dead rise from graves all around. During Ash\'s panicked ride back, his evil copy rises from his grave and unites the Deadites into the Army of Darkness. Despite causing the predicament faced by the Medieval soldiers, Ash initially demands to be returned to his own time. However, Sheila is captured by a Flying Deadite, and later transformed into a Deadite. Ash becomes determined to lead the humans against the army of the dead. Reluctantly, the people agree to join Ash. Using scientific knowledge from textbooks in the trunk of his 1973 Oldsmobile Delta 88, and enlisting the help of Duke Henry, Ash successfully leads the medieval soldiers to victory over the Deadites and Evil Ash, saving Sheila and bringing peace between Arthur and Henry in the process. After this, he is brought back to his own time using a potion made from the Necronomicon. Later, Ash is at the S-Mart store telling a male co-worker  all about his adventure back in time, and how he could have been king. A female customer becomes possessed by a demon and starts wreaking havoc on the store, and Ash slays the creature.'] ["Zombie Honeymoon centers around the doomed love story of Denise  and Danny  Zanders, whose honeymoon is disrupted by an attack that turns Danny into a zombie. Denise is torn between her desire to protect her husband and her revulsion at what he is becoming. American newlyweds Denise and Danny have just begun their month-long honeymoon by the ocean in New Jersey when Denise witnesses a ragged man, fully clad, emerging from the water. She screams to rouse her sleeping husband, but it is too late; the zombie attacks. Holding Danny down, he vomits a black, viscous fluid into Danny's mouth before collapsing. Rushed to the hospital, Danny cannot be revived, but as the doctor is telling Denise that her husband is dead he reanimates on his own. Soon after his release, it becomes clear to Denise that all is not well. The vegetarian Danny is craving meat. When Denise finds that her husband is struggling with compulsive cannibalism, she is horrified, but compelled by love and pity to clean up after him and protect him. Her efforts to help him overcome his urges prove futile. Danny's body count mounts while his willpower deteriorates as quickly as his decomposing flesh. Though Denise has not been able to bring herself to flee her husband, even as he kills their closest friends, the remaining bonds of love that have held Danny back from killing his bride seem to have dissolved. He attacks her and forces her down, beginning to produce the viscous fluid that had transformed him. Just before infecting Denise, he turns his head, sparing her his fate. He apologizes to her as he finally dies. Denise, after tenderly disposing of his body, goes back to the beach, where she remembers better times between them and looks to the tickets that the pair had purchased to start their dream life in Portugal."] ["Professor Frankenstein, a guest lecturer from England, talks Dr. Karlton into becoming an unwilling accomplice in his secret plan to actually assemble a human being from the parts of different cadavers. After recovering of a body from a catastrophic automobile wreck, Professor Frankenstein takes the body to his laboratory-morgue, where in various drawers he keeps spare parts of human beings. The Professor also enlists the aid of Margaret, as his secretary to keep all callers away from the laboratory. Margaret, becoming suspicious of what is going on, decides to investigate and goes down to the morgue. She is panic-stricken by the monster who has been activated by electricity following the grafting of a new leg and arm. She dares not tell the Professor about her feelings, and keeps silent for the present. On a couple of occasions, the professor takes discarded human body parts and feeds them to an alligator concealed in a hidden chamber. One night the Monster leaves the laboratory. He peers into a girl's apartment, the girl becomes hysterical and starts screaming, in his attempt to silence her, he kills her in panic and flees. The next morning the hunt for the murderer is on. Margaret, angry at the Professor, tells him that she knows about the Monster is responsible for the murder. The Professor, taking no chances, has the Monster kill her and feeds her remains to the alligator. Dr. Karlton, sent out of town, knows none of this. The Professor accompanies the Monster to a Lover's Lane, where he kills a teenage boy in order to obtain his face. The boy's face is successfully grafted onto the Monster. Professor Frankenstein tells Dr. Karlton of his plans to dismember his creation and ship him in various boxes to England—there to put him together again. When they strap the Monster down again, he becomes suspicious and tears loose to throw Dr. Frankenstein into the alligator pit, while Dr. Karlton runs for help. When Dr. Karlton arrives with the police, the Monster, who is maddened with fright, backs into the electrical dial board. Contact with the iron wrist bands electrocutes him, and he falls to the ground dead. Karlton tells the police that he'll never forget the way the monster's face looked after the accident, and that shot dissolves into a close up of the original mangled face."] ['Valentine "Val" McKee  and Earl Basset  work as handymen in Perfection, Nevada, an isolated ex-mining settlement that contains only fourteen residents, among them general store owner Walter Chang  and survivalist couple Burt Gummer ([[Michael Gross  and Heather Gummer . A new arrival is Rhonda LeBeck , a graduate student conducting seismology tests. Val and Earl tire of their hand-to-mouth existence and leave for Bixby, the nearest town. They discover a man dead at the top of an electrical tower, though still holding on to the beams. Jim Wallace, the town doctor, announces that he died of dehydration. Somewhere else, shepherd Old Fred and his flock get attacked by an unseen force. Val and Earl arrive, only to find the sheep cut to pieces and Fred\'s severed head lying in the sand. Val and Earl return to Perfection, thinking that a murderer is on the loose. They warn two road-construction workers that they encounter, but to no avail. After Val and Earl leave, one of the construction worker\'s drills stabs something under the ground and it spews blood. With a hose around his ankle, it pulls that worker away, while the other rushes to help, only to be crushed by a rock slide. Val and Earl discover the town\'s phones dead and head for the police in Bixby, but are thwarted by the rock slide. They return to Walter\'s store, where they find something wrapped around their truck\'s back axle: the severed body of a large snakelike creature. As the townsfolk hunker down for the night, the "snakes" attack the doctor and his wife, killing them both and pulling their car underground. The next morning, Val and Earl leave to get help, this time on horseback. They discover the doctor\'s buried car. Suddenly one of the attackers erupts out of the ground. Each "snake" is one of three "tongues" employed by an enormous burrowing worm-creature that Walter later names "Graboids". Thrown from their horses, the two men run for their lives. When they jump a concrete aqueduct their pursuer rams into its wall, killing itself. Rhonda determines from her readings that there are three more creatures in the area. They realize the creatures have extremely acute hearing, and find them due to their vibrations, but cannot tunnel through rock. One of the creatures traps the trio overnight at a cluster of boulders. Rhonda has the idea of pole vaulting from boulder to boulder. They reach her truck and return to town. They are met with disbelief from the townspeople until a Graboid appears, disabling Val and Earl\'s truck. Everyone retreats into their homes or the store, but a Graboid bursts through the store\'s floor and drags away Walter. The Gummers return to their home after unsuccessfully hunting the "snake-things" and contact the others via CB radio, but the noise of the couple\'s tumbler leads a Graboid to smash into their basement. The Gummers kill it with firearms, but another of the monsters disables their vehicle, and Burt informs Val that the creatures dig too deep to be affected by conventional gunfire. In town, the Graboids attack the foundations of the buildings, knocking over Nestor\'s trailer and dragging him down underground. Realizing the town is being dug out from under them, Val and Earl plan to escape on a Semi end dump trailer with flat tires pulled by a bulldozer, which is too heavy for the Graboids to move. Val reaches the vehicle while the others distract the Graboids. Everyone is collected, including the Gummers, and they set out for the safety of a nearby mountain range. The Graboids dig a pit-trap in the bulldozer\'s path, wrecking it. The townsfolk use Burt\'s home-made explosives to drive the creatures away long enough to reach the safety of a boulder, where Earl has another idea: tricking the Graboids into swallowing Burt\'s bombs. This works once, but on the second try the last Graboid spits the explosive onto Burt\'s pile of bombs, sending everyone scattering. Val, Earl and Rhonda are stranded yards from the boulder, with the Graboid blocking their path to safety. Val has one more bomb and one last idea: he lets the Graboid chase him to the edge of a cliff and "stampedes" it with the bomb, then jumps out of its way, sending it through the cliff-face to its death. The group returns to town, and Earl pushes Val into approaching the clearly interested Rhonda romantically.'] ['This is the story of a New York low budget film crew, led by their insane and egostical blind film director, Larry Benjamin, who is trying to create a work of art. In addition to the typical trials and travails of a Troma set, the crew is preyed upon by a sexually conflicted, bomb-toting serial killer. Among the large poorly-paid film crew, the movie centers mostly on production assistant Jennifer, who struggles to do her job while deciding between the two men in her life; the straight-laced boom operator Casey, and the rebellious special effects operator Jerry. The love triangle intensifies as the dead bodies mount with increasingly brutality. At the climax, the entire film crew bands together  against the mortal threat in their midst.'] ['The film is set in a small Texas town, where an ancient Egyptian cat god, in the form of a cheap statue, commands all the local felines to surrender their nine lives; a mass cat suicide ensues, as cat after cat throw themselves off roofs, bridges and telephone poles. However, the dead felines are revived, becoming beautiful women in the process, given one goal: mate with and exterminate the population of human males in order to make room for "The Great Litter". Meanwhile, bumbling hitchhiker Ralph arrives in town and soon has a run-in with Warren, the local gadget-crazy "cat exterminator". Warren enlists Ralph\'s help in capturing kitties and the two quickly start to figure out that something very wrong is happening in their small town. However, when Ralph accidentally runs into Cleo, one of the reanimated cats, he falls for her instantly. What is he to do? Can he stop \'The Great Litter\'? Will he and Cleo ever be together? And what of Warren and his combination vacuum/"Cat brain wave scanner"? It all leads up to an extremely furry conclusion.'] ['The Monster Squad is a society of young pre-teens who idolize classic monsters and monster movies and hold their meetings in a tree clubhouse. Club leader Sean , whose five-year-old sister Phoebe  desperately wants to join the club, is given the diary of legendary vampire hunter Abraham Van Helsing  - but his excitement is toned down when he finds it\'s written in German. Sean, his best friend Patrick , and the rest of the Monster Squad visit an elderly man, known as the "Scary German Guy" , actually a kind gentleman, to translate the diary. When the Monster Squad wonders how the German man is knowledgeable about Van Helsing\'s battle with monsters, he wryly comments that "he has some experience with monsters" and his shirt sleeve briefly reveals a concentration camp tattoo. The diary describes, in great detail, an amulet that is composed of concentrated good. One day out of every century, as the forces of good and evil reach a balance, the otherwise indestructible amulet becomes vulnerable to destruction, and the next day of balance falls within a couple days, at the stroke of midnight. The kids realize they must gain possession of the amulet before the day of balance arrives; once they have the amulet, the kids can use it — with an incantation from Van Helsing\'s diary — to open a hole in the universe and cast the monsters into Limbo. As shown in the prelude, van Helsing had unsuccessfully attempted this one hundred years ago in order to defeat his old adversary Count Dracula; his apprentices then emigrated to the United States to hide the amulet, where it was out of Dracula\'s immediate reach. Dracula, meanwhile, seeks to obtain the amulet before the Monster Squad does, so that the Count can take control of the world and plunge it into darkness. To this end he assembles several monstrous allies: a mummy, and an amphibious gill-man, and a Wolfman, in addition to three school girls  whom the Count transforms into his vampiric consorts. Dracula steals a crate from an old World War II bomber in flight , thus completing his allies. However, Frankenstein\'s monster is reluctant to aid Dracula, and wanders into the forest where he encounters Phoebe. Rather than being afraid, she shows him the kindness he has also sought, and he gets acquainted with her. After Phoebe shows the Monster Squad that Frankenstein\'s monster is not evil, he chooses to help the boys instead of Dracula. The amulet turns out to be buried in a stone room, under a house that Dracula and the other monsters now occupy and where Van Helsing\'s diary was found. The secret room is littered with wards which prevent the monsters from simply taking it. The Monster Squad finds and removes the amulet, and escape Dracula\'s grasp only with sheer luck and a talent for improvisation . The German man informs them that the incantation must be read by a female virgin. As midnight approaches, the Squad makes their way to a local cathedral to make their last stand — and in the nick of time, as shortly after they leave, Dracula destroys their clubhouse with a stick of dynamite. This also calls up another helper for the Monster Squad: Sean\'s father, Police Detective Del, who has been charged to investigate the strange happenings in town of late  but has been quite skeptical about their supernatural causes, not to mention Sean\'s hobby, in the first place. Del is further puzzled when he is getting warnings from the werewolf that his family is in danger, as the werewolf is actually also a reluctant pawn of Dracula in his human form. Unfortunately, the doors to the cathedral are locked, so the incantation must be read on the stoop, leaving the Squad vulnerable. The Monster Squad has the assistance of Sean\'s father and Patrick\'s older sister , as she\'s the only virgin they know who speaks German. Unfortunately, with time winding down, the incantation fails since Lisa is actually not a virgin anymore. As Dracula\'s Brides and the other monsters close in, it is realized that Phoebe, being five, must still be a virgin, and the German Guy attempts to help her read the incantation as the rest of the Squad fends off the monsters. In the ensuing battle, the vampiresses, the Mummy, the Gill-Man, and the Wolf-Man are killed. Dracula arrives and is about to kill Phoebe when the Frankenstein Creature turns against him, impaling him on a wrought-iron fence. Phoebe finishes the incantation, opening the portal which begins to consume the bodies of the monsters. Dracula, still alive, attempts to drag Sean in with him, but Sean is saved at the last minute by stabbing Dracula with a wooden stake, and Van Helsing, who briefly escaped from Limbo to take Dracula to his doom. Although Phoebe tries tearfully to hold onto him, Frankenstein\'s Creature says he must also enter the portal, but accepts a gift of a stuffed animal to remember Phoebe. The portal then closes, ensuring the world\'s safety.'] ['While awaiting his execution for murder and grave robbery, Arthur Blake  is visited by Father Duffy , who wishes to obtain a statement from the condemned to be used as a cautionary tale. Arthur denies that he is a murderer, a crime for which his former partner, Willie Grimes , has already been executed by guillotine. However, Blake freely admits to being a grave robber, and begins to recount his career with Willie. Arthur became Willie\'s apprentice following the death of Blake\'s father, forcing the young man to find a job to support his family. Willie quickly taught him the skills necessary to steal corpses, both from graves as well as more risky locations, such as wakes. The job proved profitable on its face, but both Arthur and Willie\'s ability to make money was severely hampered by the interference of Doctor Quint , who frequently blackmailed the two into obtaining corpses for free under threat of notifying the police of their activities. This blackmail continued for numerous years. Willie and Arthur\'s career changed abruptly when procuring another corpse for Quint. Digging up a corpse buried at a cross-roads, the two were confused when they found a garlic wreath around the body\'s neck and a wooden stake in its chest. Arthur dismissed these things as superstition, and removed them against Willie\'s protests. Moments later, while the two were clearing their cart, the dead woman rose and walked away. Willie and Arthur attempted to flee, but came across the undead woman, who attacked Arthur. Willie was able to fend her off briefly with a shovel, and when she attacked him he managed to plunge the stake back into her chest, causing her to go immediately limp. Willie and Arthur delivered the staked body to Doctor Quint and departed quickly. The doctor removed the stake, awakening the undead woman, who killed him. Freed of their blackmailer and now aware of a new market for their skills, Arthur and Willie shifted their career towards the supernatural side of grave robbing. During one such job  they were stopped by Cornelius Murphy, main spokesperson for the House Murphy, an infamous and vicious band of grave robbers led by Cornelius\' unseen father, Samuel. Cornelius demanded the body at knifepoint; though Willie advised him to cooperate, Arthur refused, and the three scuffled over the body until it vanished in a burst of light. At this point in Arthur\'s narrative Father Duffy asks him if he had any further encounters with the House Murphy. Arthur is reluctant to speak of the matter, but finally relents, discussing the next—and last—time he encountered the Murphys. Drinking at a local pub with their new apprentice  Fanny Briers , Arthur and Willie received word from pub owner Ronnie about a possible job: a local mortuary had been reported as receiving crated shipments of the undead. However, their most recent shipment was incomplete, two of the crates lost in a shipwreck and believed to be located on a nearby island. The catch was that the mortuary had already hired someone to retrieve the missing undead: House Murphy. Willie and Arthur initially turned down the job, not wishing to cross paths with the Murphys, but at Fanny\'s insistence the two reluctantly agreed. On the island the crates are guarded by Bulger, House Murphy\'s enforcer. Fanny slit his throat , then the three rounded up one of the undead, Willie suffering a bite during the effort. Before they could get to the second Fanny was killed by a knife thrown by Cornelius, who then tied the remaining two to the cage containing the captured undead. The two were only saved from death when the captured undead tore free of its cage and attacked Valentine, House Murphy\'s disfigured female assassin. Cornelius attempted to save Valentine, only to be attacked by the second undead. Willie and Arthur freed themselves, then escaped in the confusion. Afterward the two argued bitterly over the botched job, resulting in the end of their partnership, and friendship. A week later the two were arrested. At the conclusion of the tale Father Duffy asks whether it was Arthur or Willie who murdered Cornelius, but Arthur reiterates that the two simply left him to his fate. When Father Duffy expresses a surprising amount of anger at this, as well as the sentiment that Willie was "lucky" to have been killed before Duffy could meet him, Arthur realizes the priest\'s true identity: Samuel Murphy. The elder Murphy then attempts to kill Arthur with a mace, but before he can he is struck down by an unseen rescuer. When he is able to look up Arthur is surprised to discover his rescuer is Willie—more accurately, the decapitated body of Willie. Holding his head in one hand, Willie explains that the bite he suffered on the island seems to have rendered him undead following his execution. As the two make their way out of the prison cell Willie remarks that being undead is the best thing that ever happened to him, and even suggests that Arthur himself get bitten. When Arthur rejects the idea Willie claims he\'s starting to feel "ravenous", and jokingly chases after Arthur as they leave the prison. Unknown to them, Cornelius rises from his underwater grave.'] ['The film is set just one month after the events of Child\'s Play 3. Tiffany , a former lover and accomplice of serial killer Charles Lee Ray , acquires Chucky\'s remains  after bribing and later murdering a police officer who removed the dismembered "Good Guy" doll parts from an evidence locker by slashing his throat. Believing Ray\'s soul to still be inhabiting the doll, Tiffany crudely stitches Chucky back together and reenacts the voodoo ritual which instilled Ray inside the doll a decade ago. Though her chants initially fail to produce results, Chucky unexpectedly springs to life and kills Tiffany\'s goth-wannabe admirer, Damien , torturing him by ripping off his labret piercing while his hands and feet are cuffed, and suffocating him with a pillow while Tiffany watches with excitement. Tiffany and Chucky then get into an argument because Tiffany believed Chucky wished to marry her. Upon learning he had no intention of doing so, Tiffany throws him in a playpen she built for a nursery and locks him in it. She then later gives him another doll in a wedding dress with a real diamond ring to mock him. While Tiffany is watching TV while taking a bath, Chucky escapes by cutting through the wood of the play pen with the diamond part of the ring and kills her by pushing the TV into the bath. Then, using the same voodoo spell, Chucky gains further revenge against Tiffany by transferring her soul into a female doll so she could feel what Chucky went through as a living doll. Chucky, who is still intent on becoming human again, concocts a plan with Tiffany to retrieve an amulet that was buried with Ray\'s body and use the bodies of Tiffany\'s neighbor Jesse  and his girlfriend Jade  as a means to return to their normal lives. Tiffany sends Jesse a message asking him to take the two dolls to New Jersey in exchange for cash. Jesse convinces Jade to go with him and helps her pack. Meanwhile, Jade\'s police-officer uncle Warren  breaks into Jesse\'s car and plants a bag of marijuana to frame Jesse, whom he dislikes. Afraid of him ruining their plans, Chucky and Tiffany kill him by setting up an airbag to launch nails into his face. After the dolls hide the body under the backseat, Jesse and Jade return and begin their trip. Outside a convenience store, they are pulled over by Officer Norton, who asks to search Jesse\'s car for the planted drugs. After he finds it, he goes to his car to report to Warren. During this time, Chucky crawls over and shoves a cloth into Norton\'s gas tank and lights it. Norton is killed when his car explodes and, seeing the explosion, Jesse and Jade flee the scene. Soon, they stop at a wedding chapel/hotel and are married. During that time, Jade\'s uncle, still alive, tries to run away but is stabbed numerous times in the back by Chucky. While in the hotel, Jesse and Jade meet a con-artist couple Russ and Diane  who steal Jesse\'s money. As the criminals have sex in their room, Tiffany, who had seen them take Jesse\'s money and said how the woman "doesn\'t deserve to wear that ring", takes their bottle of champagne and throws it into the mirrored ceiling, sending down shards of glass and killing the two con-artists. Impressed at what she just did, Chucky reveals his true feelings for Tiffany, and then proposes to her. After accepting and putting on the ring, both dolls begin to have sex. The next morning, a maid  finds the corpses of the couple and Jesse and Jade drive away with their best friend David, who knew about their plan to elope and heard about the recent murders. He reveals that Jesse and Jade have been pinned for all of the deaths and, while searching for the source of a foul smell, finds Warren\'s body and demands that Jesse pull over. While he is confronting them, the dolls come alive and hold them hostage with guns, demanding for them to keep driving. David turns and is accidentally broken by a truck that taxes speeding, horrifying Jade and Jesse. Jesse and Jade drive away with the dolls. They are then chased by police, which Chucky is able to shoot the cars and make them go off the road. During that time, the dolls reveal their plan to them and get Jesse to drive in a mobile home to keep the cops off them by using a different vehicle. While preparing Jade for the body-switch, Tiffany begins talking with Jade, who manages to turn Tiffany against Chucky. A fight between the two dolls ensues and Jade seizes an opportunity by kicking and locking Tiffany into the oven while Jesse pushes Chucky out the window. Chucky shoots at Jesse, causing the RV to run off the road and into a ditch. Chucky finds Jade and forces her to take him to his grave site, while Jesse takes a weak Tiffany  and follows them. While the medical examiner is digging, Chucky shoots him in the back of the head and orders Jade to open the casket and give him the amulet. After she breaks it off his skeleton\'s neck, she throws it out at him. Jesse then appears with Tiffany and they trade hostages. While Jesse and Jade embrace, Chucky is about to throw his knife at Jade until Jesse sees and turns her around; being stabbed in the back. After Jade pulls the knife out of his back and holds him, they are tied up for the ritual. Before Chucky starts the body-switching chant, Tiffany distracts him by kissing him while she pulls the knife out of his pocket, stabbing him in his back. They fight until he stabs her in the heart, where she collapses to the ground. While distracted, Jesse knocks Chucky into his grave who demands to be let out. A private investigator arrives to see Jade pointing a gun into the hole. He sees Chucky and is clearly shocked by what he sees. The investigator then watches Jade shoot Chucky several times while he yells he\'ll come back as he always comes back. The investigator soon gets on the phone with the police, saying that Jesse and Jade are innocent of the murders and sends the couple away. While stumbling upon and investigating Tiffany\'s doll body, Tiffany suddenly springs to life and gives birth to a doll child before finally dying. The baby seems to attack the investigator as the film ends, thus setting the scene for Seed of Chucky to begin.'] ['The film opens the night Jesse and Jade get married in Bride of Chucky as the second parody of Look Who\'s Talking in the Child\'s Play series where Chucky\'s sperm reach Tiffany\'s egg and a baby is conceived and grown over time. At the end of the scene, the baby passes through the birth canal as seen in the last moment in Bride of Chucky. Six years after the events of Bride of Chucky, the film then shows Glen ([[Billy Boyd , the son of Chucky and Tiffany, point of view having a nightmare in which he slaughters a little girl\'s parents and living a life of embarrassment as a ventriloquist\'s dummy. Desperate to know his parents, Glen tracks them down to Hollywood. Chucky and Tiffany are first shown killing a man dressed as Santa Claus for a movie. Upon tracking down his parents, who are now dummies in one of Jennifer Tilly\'s films, Glen uses a voodoo amulet to bring them back to life. Shortly afterward, when Chucky  finds out that Glen is his child, he faints. But as for Tiffany, she was very happy and hugs her child. Tiffany and Chucky have a dispute over whether Glen is male or female. Chucky decides to label him as a boy and Tiffany labels him as a girl, calling him "Glenda". When a puppeteer, Tony Gardner begins taking Tiffany apart, she and Chucky cut his head off with a piano wire. Jennifer Tilly sees the beheaded body and calls the police. Glen/Glenda is horrified by this, and later asks them why they murder others, as he feels that violence is bad. Tiffany and Chucky then make an agreement to quit killing, although Chucky only pretends to agree. Jennifer tries to get a role as the Virgin Mary in Redman\'s directorial debut, but after Redman says that Jennifer isn\'t right for the part, she invites him over to her house. Chucky and Tiffany make plans to transfer their souls into Redman and Jennifer. Jennifer and Redman start to have sex, only for Tiffany to knock them out. While they are unconscious, Tiffany inseminates Jennifer with Chucky\'s semen. Chucky leaves and takes Glen/Glenda with him. After driving Britney Spears\' car off the road, killing her, they proceed to go to a photographer\'s darkroom. The photographer, Pete Peters ([[John Waters , had taken pictures of Tilly having sex with Redman, and of Chucky masturbating. Glen/Glenda tries to warn Peters that Chucky will kill him, only for Peters to bump into a shelf, causing a jar of acid to fall and accidentally kill him. Chucky, overjoyed, believes Glen/Glenda did this on purpose and takes a picture to celebrate. Jennifer awakens the next morning, realizes that she is pregnant and claims it is Redman\'s, though he states that this is impossible. In anger, Tiffany rips his intestines out. The next day, Jennifer is horrified to find herself with a fully pregnant belly. The voodoo magic that fuels the killer dolls has also accelerated the pregnancy. Jennifer is captured by Chucky and her chauffeur, Stan, serving as Chucky\'s replacement body due to Redman\'s death is also captured. Jennifer\'s assistant, Joan , tries to help her, but is brutally killed. It is then revealed that there were two souls in Glen: Glen and Glenda. Chucky also reveals that he killed 3 people and hid them in a closet like Tiffany did to Redman. Jennifer gives birth to twins, a boy and a girl, and it is then that Chucky has an epiphany. After several years of being an infamous killer doll, Chucky finally accepts his circumstances. Disturbed, Tiffany rejects Chucky and resolves to take Glen with her. An enraged Chucky throws a knife at Jennifer, but Stan jumps in front and is stabbed in the neck, he tells Tilly that he loves her as he dies. Before Glen can decide which baby to possess, the police arrive, forcing the dolls to flee. Jennifer is rushed to the hospital by the cops, but claims she wants to see her babies. Tiffany drugs Jennifer and begins to possess her, but Chucky breaks in and kills Tiffany with an axe. Glen/Glenda becomes enraged by this, and attacks Chucky by cutting his limbs and his head. After suffering an emotional breakdown, Jennifer comforts her Glen. Five years later, at Glen and Glenda\'s birthday party, a nanny quits her job because Jennifer\'s daughter, Glenda, stares at her with hatred and scares her. Jennifer lets her quit, only to kill her when she turns away, and Jennifer\'s eyes switch to Tiffany\'s, revealing that Tiffany was successful in possessing Jennifer\'s body. Glen has taken the body of the son, and receives a strange, unnamed present. When Glen opens the present, he sees that it\'s Chucky\'s right arm. Frightened, he wets his pants and turns around. Chucky\'s arm then grabs him, and he begins screaming as Chucky\'s laugh is heard, meaning he will return, one day.'] ['In the Framing Story, a psychiatrist in a high tech modern mental asylum, Dr. Tremayne , discusses a bold new psychiatric theory with colleague Dr. Nicholas . Tremayne uses four patients who went insane - Paul, Timothy, Brian, and Auriol - to illustrate the theory, presenting each in turn to Nicholas: In Mr. Tiger, Paul  is the sensitive and introverted young son of constantly bickering parents Sam  and Fay Patterson . Amid the unhappy domestic situation, he befriends an "imaginary" tiger. Features David Wood as Paul\'s tutor Phillipe. In Penny Farthing, Timothy  an antique store owner, stocks a strange portrait of "Uncle Albert"  and a penny farthing bicycle. In a series of episodes, Uncle Arthur compels Timothy to mount the bicycle, and he is transported to an earlier era where he observes the apparently mourning Beatrice , who was young Albert\'s love interest. These travels place Timothy\'s girlfriend Ann  in peril. Features Neil Kennedy and Richard Connaught as the removal men. In Mel, Brian Thompson  brings home an old dead tree, which he lovingly calls Mel, mounting it in his modern home as a bizarre piece of objet d\'art. He increasingly shows unusual attention to Mel, angering his jealous wife Bella . In Luau literary agent Auriol Pageant  lasciviously courts a new client Kimo . However, he shows more interest in her beautiful young daughter Ginny . Auriol organises a sumptuous luau for him, as per the detailed instructions of Kimo\'s associate Keoki . However, it is actually a ceremony to assure Kimo\'s dying mother Malia  passage to "heaven" by appeasing a Hawaiian god, and a requirement is that he consume the flesh of a virgin: Ginny. Features Leslie Nunnerley as Vera. In the Epilogue, Nicholas has Tremayne himself declared insane, apparently for believing the patients\' bizarre accounts, but manifestations of the patients\' histories materialize, and "Mr. Tiger" kills Nicholas.'] ["In the midst of a pedophiliac serial abductor/killer's rampage, beautiful young Riley Lawson goes missing. When her desperate parents, Will and Kate, are contacted by her kidnapper, insufferable FBI Special Agent Hotchkiss takes charge of the case. But, from deep within the psychopathic subterranean world created by Otis Broth, Riley turns the tables on her tormentor, manages to escape and to contact her parents. Fed up with the inability of the FBI to find their girl, Will, Kate, and Riley's brother, Reed decide to take matters – and justice – into their own hands."] ['{{plot}} The year is 1893: solicitor Thomas Renfield  travels all the way from London to "Castle Dracula" in Transylvania to finalise Count Dracula\'s purchase of Carfax Abbey in England. As the sun sets, and the stagecoach driver refuses to take him any further, Renfield continues on foot despite the villagers  pleading with him to turn back. Renfield arrives safely and meets Count Dracula , a charming but rather strange man who is, of course, a vampire. He then casts a hypnotic spell on the suggestible Renfield, making him his slave. Dracula and Renfield soon embark for England. During the voyage, Dracula dines upon the ship\'s crew. When the ship arrives and Renfield  is discovered alone on the ship, he is confined to a lunatic asylum. Meanwhile, Dracula visits an opera house, where he introduces himself to his new neighbors: Doctor Seward , Seward\'s assistant Jonathan Harker ([[Steven Weber , Seward\'s nubile daughter Mina , and Seward\'s ward, the equally nubile Lucy . Dracula flirts with Lucy and, later that night, enters her bedroom and feeds on her blood. The next day, Mina discovers Lucy still in bed late in the morning, looking strangely pale. Seward, puzzled by the odd puncture marks on her throat, calls in an expert on obscure diseases, Dr. Abraham Van Helsing . Van Helsing informs the skeptical Dr. Seward that Lucy has been attacked by a vampire. After some hesitation, Seward and Harker allow garlic to be placed in Lucy\'s bedroom to repel the vampire. Dracula uses mind-control to make Lucy leave her room, and kills her in the garden. Van Helsing meets Dracula and begins to suspect him of being the local vampire. Lucy, now a vampire herself, rises from her crypt, drains the blood from her guard, and tries to attack Harker. Van Helsing rushes in just in time and chases her back to her coffin with a crucifix. Jonathan drives a stake into Lucy\'s heart, allowing her to at last rest in peace. Dracula\'s next victim is Mina, but he has bigger plans for her; he wants her to be his undead bride throughout eternity. He spirits her away to Carfax Abbey, where they dance, and he sucks her blood. The following morning, she is unusually frisky, and tries to seduce the prudish Jonathan. Van Helsing becomes suspicious at this strange behavior. Noticing a scarf around Mina\'s neck, he removes it, revealing two puncture marks. Van Helsing devises a plan to reveal Count Dracula\'s secret identity. He invites the Count to a ball, and places a huge mirror, covered with a curtain, on one of the walls. The curtain over the mirror is dropped, and guests are stunned to see that Dracula has no reflection. Dracula grabs Mina and escapes out a window. Van Helsing deduces that Renfield is Dracula\'s slave, and thus might know where he keeps his coffin. He lets him out of his cell, and the three men secretly follow him to Dracula\'s lair. Once discovered, the Count locks himself in a room to finish making Mina his bride. His pursuers break down the door, and they fight. Van Helsing, noticing sunlight creeping into the room, starts opening the blinds. As his body begins to burn, Dracula transforms himself into a bat to flee, but is inadvertently killed by the inept Renfield opening a panel of the roof. With Dracula finally vanquished, Renfield falls into despair with no master to serve. They says him "You are free, now", and he thinks: "Yes, I\'m free". But when Dr. Seward calls for Renfield to come, the imbecile follows with "Yes Master". Van Helsing dusts himself off, opens Dracula\'s coffin and yells something in moldavian and ensure that he has the final word between him and the count.'] ['The film opens with Shaquille O\'Neal and Dr. Phil waking up to find their ankles chained to pipes in a spoof of the first Saw movie. They have only two minutes to escape as their host, Billy the Puppet, reveals that the room is filling up with nerve gas. Phil realizes they have to cut through their own ankles, but accidentally saws off the wrong foot, inadvertently leaving both men to die, for their bones are seen later in the movie. In New York, Cindy Campbell  visits her former brother-in-law Tom Logan . Since the previous film, her husband George has died and her nephew Cody has been sent to military school, leaving her a broken and lonely woman. Tom, equally depressed despite being in a relationship with three girls, tries to commit suicide to both end his misery and end his irritation by Cindy\'s presence, by overdosing on sleeping pills. However, he mistakenly ingests Viagra, resulting in a painful death when he tumbles over the balustrade and lands on his absurdly erect penis. Distraught, Cindy accepts the job of caring for an incapacitated old lady, Mrs. Norris , who lives in a creepy and obviously haunted house which Tom had previously recommended her for. Meanwhile, Cindy\'s new neighbour, Tom Ryan , runs into George\'s old friends, Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart , who unintentionally reveal they had a homosexual one night stand since taking a trip to the mountains, much to Tom\'s disgust and CJ\'s embarrassment. Tom returns home, where his ex-wife Marilyn  has just arrived with his children, Robbie  and Rachel , both of whom resent their father. The next morning, Cindy confides with Tom, leading to a conversation about their past relationships. Cindy sadly remembers the tragic death of her husband George Logan  during the last match of her boxing career against dimwitted Tiffany Stone. When Stone turned around to pick up a nickel, Cindy tries to swing at her but misses and loses her balance. George notices that she is about to land on a stool, and he jumps in the way to save her but he accidentally kills himself which results in a chain reaction of multiple people breaking their necks and dying. As the two realize their love for each other and kiss, the sky suddenly experiences a freak storm. Afterwards, all the vehicles and motorbikes in the world lost all their power, even bikes, skateboards, put down pants and bombs won\'t move or work. Meanwhile, a gigantic object called triPod emerges from the ground to play "Karma Chameleon" – before switching to "Destroy Humanity", transforming into a mobile weapon that vaporizes people into dust and ashes. Cindy runs back home and encounters the house’s resident ghost, Toshio. The Japanese boy reveals that the answer to the invasion lies in his father’s identity. Tom chooses to part ways with Cindy and flees with his children to an undisclosed location. While visiting Edna R. Penhall Elementary School, President Baxter Harris  receives news of the alien attack. Unfortunately, Harris is more interested by the reading of "My Pet Duck" and fails to respond appropriately. The situation only worsens when his aide explains that the duck dies, and the aide explains that the aliens are vaporizing people, which leads for the president to exclaim that all off these children\'s parents could be dead, which culminates in a violent riot by the children. On his way out the president asks his aide to remind him to sign the abortion bill. Later, at an emergency session of the United Nations, Harris follows a round of offensive jokes with the unveiling of a weapon designed to combat the aliens. Scientists have modified the heat ray into having the opposite effect of destroying bodies, leaving only clothes behind. The UN gets an unexpected and quite unwelcome demonstration when Harris unwittingly causes the ray to render everybody stark naked, beginning with himself. Cindy reunites with her old friend Brenda Meeks , now a local reporter despite having died in the previous film. Meanwhile, Mahalik and CJ are working as sewer inspectors, but when they get out of the sewer a horde of Zombie like people start to attack them, but they easily fight back and one of them is Malaik\'s grandma, he keep\'s telling her how much he loves her while beating her up at the same time and throwing her into the sewers at the end . Cindy and Brenda manage to find the last working car and follow the directions left by Toshio. Soon, they discover a mysterious village which resembles a pseudo-Amish community. Unfortunately, they are captured and taken into a court to have their fate decided by village leader Henry Hale . During the trial, Hale\'s blind daughter, Holly , stumbles into the courtroom thinking she\'s alone she strips and defecates loudly in front of everyone. To the consternation of the crowded courtroom, Hale rules that Cindy and Brenda may stay in the village, but never leave. In a nearby field strewn with red weed, Tom and his children still are driving the car while most people try to steal it, which succeeds after a man point\'s a gun to his head and they switch the wrong items. Later they run into a battle between the US military and the triPods. Robbie decides to join the fight, excited by the graphic violence. While Tom tries to dissuade him, Michael Jackson tries to persuade Rachel to come along – but Tom manages to stop her in time, leaving the singer to be repeatedly disintegrated until only his plastic nose remains. Tom and Rachel flee into a house guarded by the lunatic Oliver , but their respite is short-lived when father and daughter are captured by a triPod. Back in the village, Henry gets stabbed by the mentally challenged village idiot Ezekiel . A dying Henry explains to Cindy and Brenda that he is the father of Toshio, who was killed during the mass accident at Cindy’s boxing match. However, various events conspire against Henry revealing the full story, finally culminating in Cindy and Brenda being caught by the Command triPod. The main characters wake up in the same bathroom from the opening. Cindy and Brenda find themselves wearing "Venus Fly Traps" and Tom wearing an absurd device designed to shoot a pole up his behind. Then Billy appears on the TV and tells them Cindy has 60 seconds to retrieve the key. After much prompting, Cindy realises that she has to retrieve the key from behind her eye – which she does without trouble, since the key was behind a glass eye she got following a “bad bar fight in \'96”. Then both Rachel and Robbie come down from the ceiling, to be sliced into pieces unless Tom holds onto their rope, leaving him open to another, ultimately lethal torture device where his kids would be saved but he would suffer a terrible death. Moments before his imminent death, Cindy notices the toilet that has a heart drawn on it and discovers pictures of Billy with Henry\'s wife and Toshio. Realising that Billy was the boy\'s biological father and the entire invasion is revenge for his son’s death, Cindy pleads him to call off the invasion. After seeing how far Tom would go to save his children\'s lives at the cost of his own, Billy spares their lives and grudgingly apologizes for killing millions of people and allows them to depart from the bathroom. In an epilogue set nine months later, Brenda gives birth to the child of Billy\'s brother Zoltar, CJ and Mahalik resume their relationship, and President Harris is seen sleeping with a duck. James Earl Jones narrates mankind\'s victory through love – before being run over by a passing bus. Meanwhile, Tom appears on Oprah, crazy for attention. Ultimately, following various increasingly destructive antics: flipping, swinging, manically throwing Cindy off the stage with crazy love, breaking Oprah Winfrey\'s hands, hitting her with a chair and rushing towards the camera as the screen goes black.'] ['The plot is set around a facility where new medications are tested on willing volunteers. While at an experimental drug weekend trial, Andre Chang and Juliet Reid meet and soon discover that their lives are in danger.New Clip: Diagnosis: Death The building is locked down for the testing period and it is found that the drug on trial causes extremely disturbing hallucinations that point towards a horrific double murder that took place at the facility. It is soon realised that the only way for them to escape is to solve the mystery behind this horrific secret.Diagnosis Death DVD Trailer Hits Eventually, they find out that the nurse in charge of the facility, Nurse Bates, murdered her sister and nephew in the facility and covered it up as a murder/suicide. In an attempt to keep them quiet, Nurse Bates tries to kill Andre and Juliet, but ghosts of her victims return and take vengeance, killing Bates by impaling her with a stool. Andre and Juliet are later cured of their ailments, despite the fact that they were given placebos in the trial. They then go off to take advantage of the second chance they have been given in life.'] ['The Astro Investigation and Defence Service  sends Derek, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry to investigate the disappearance of everyone in the town of Kaihoro, New Zealand. They find the town has been overrun by space aliens disguised as humans. Barry kills one of the aliens and is attacked by others. After Derek notifies Frank and Ozzy, he begins torturing Robert, an alien they caught earlier. Robert\'s screaming attracts a number of aliens in the area. Derek kills the would-be rescuers, but he is attacked by Robert and falls over a cliff, to his presumed death. Meanwhile, a charity collector named Giles is passing through Kaihoro. He is attacked by Robert, who has been eating the brains of the alien killed earlier by Barry. Giles escapes in his car and stops at a nearby house for help. Another alien answers the door and captures Giles. He later wakes up in a tub of water and is told he is about to be eaten. Derek also wakes up to find that he landed in a seagull\'s nest. He also finds that his brain is leaking out the back of his head, so he stuffs it back in and uses a hat to hold it in place. That night, Frank, Ozzy, and Barry sneak into the aliens\' house and find a room filled with bloody cardboard boxes. They kidnap an alien and Frank wears its shirt to infiltrate an alien meeting. He finds out that Kaihoro is being harvested for alien fast food. Robert vomits into a bowl, which the aliens dine on, including the disguised  Frank. He escapes and tells the team members of the plan. They sneak out to save Giles as the aliens sleep. At sunrise, they try to leave but are attacked by the aliens. Derek\'s hat is shot off, and he starts losing more of his brain, so he uses his belt as a headband. He grabs a chainsaw from the boot of his car and heads for the alien house. As the boys leave with Robert, the alien leader  and his followers transform into their true form and follow. Ozzy uses a rocket launcher to blow up Frank\'s car, which has been overrun by aliens. Frank and Ozzy hunt for Lord Crumb and kill a lot of aliens along the way. Meanwhile, Derek kills an alien with his chainsaw and replaces the missing parts of his brain with alien brain. An alien prepares to shoot Frank and Ozzy, but it is beheaded by Derek after he bursts through the wall behind it. Frank and Ozzy are shocked to see him alive. As they run, Lord Crumb shoots Ozzy in the leg and Frank fires his rocket launcher at the leader, but it misses and almost hits Derek, finally taking out a sheep in a nearby meadow. Derek is knocked out by the alien leader and the house transforms into a giant space ship, which blasts off into space with Derek still aboard. On board, Derek looks out the window to see that he is leaving Earth. Lord Crumb hears a strange, loud noise and investigates. He is killed by Derek, who ambushes him and cuts the alien in half with his chainsaw. Derek proclaims into his phone: "I\'m born again! I\'m coming to get you bastards!" He then puts on the alien leader\'s skin, laughing maniacally as he rockets towards the alien planet. On Earth, the guys drive away into the sunset in Derek\'s car.'] ["Casimiro, night watchman at a wax museum of horrors, is even more sleepy than his usual laziness makes him - because his boss, the Professor, is secretly draining blood from him while he dozes to use in experiments in raising the dead. These haven't worked so far, and the bodies have been covered in wax and placed on display in the museum to cover his crimes. His big chance seems to come, however, when he learns that the mummified body of a modern man has been found in an Egyptian sarcophagus. The professor and his two henchmen steal the body and take it back to his lab - where the experiment flops again. Or it seems to. While the villains are out of the lab, and Casimiro sleeps on duty, a bolt of lightning gives the electrical boost which the Professor's machinery has needed, and the body comes back to life. Then the clouds part, the full moon shines through, and the resurrected one becomes a werewolf. When Casimiro sees it wandering the museum, no one will believe him, not even Paquita, his girlfriend. But the professor finds his subject alive and soon witnesses a transformation. Eventually, the creature escapes him and makes off into the night, terrorizing the city and ending up at Paquita's apartment."] ['{{plot}} The film opens at Xcalibur Bowling Centre, a disco-themed bowling alley in Surrey, British Columbia. Egerton , the janitor, has allowed two groups of teenagers to bowl against one another after hours. The "prep", Steve , is still bitter after his best friend Jamie , the "jock", had sex with Lisa , a girl with whom Steve was smitten and even took to their senior prom. After Steve and his friends Joey , Patrick  and A.J.  harass the "tranny", Sam , they are chastised by Jamie. This leads to a brawl between Steve\'s team and Jamie\'s. Lisa breaks up the fight by dropping a bowling ball on Steve\'s foot just as Steve is about to kick Jamie again. Egerton, brandishing a shotgun, tells the teenagers to leave and they can continue their tournament the following night. Lisa, having forgot her purse in the arcade, returns to find Steve and his friends waiting for her. Steve proceeds to violently rape Lisa while the others watch. Egerton is oblivious to Lisa\'s cries for help, as he is downstairs cleaning up the mess the teenagers made. After he is finished raping Lisa, Steve leaves the room. A.J. and Joey rape Lisa on the pool table while Steve is gone. Patrick, who believed the three were only going to "scare" Lisa, refuses to participate in the rape. Steve returns with a bowling pin and prepares to insert it into Lisa\'s vagina before Patrick intervenes. Steve retorts by giving Patrick the pin and ordering him to do it himself. Patrick refuses to do so at first but complies when Steve threatens to do the same to him. The four leave Lisa on the pool table, naked and barely conscious. The following night, the two groups arrive at the bowling alley to continue their tournament. Steve is joined by his "bitches", Julia  and Hannah . Jamie arrives late with Lisa, who barely speaks. As the teams begin their first game of the night, Lisa suddenly gets on an elevator. She is confronted by Patrick, who says he\'s only at the bowling alley to apologize. Lisa doesn\'t believe him, and insists that he is only there to make sure that she hasn\'t contacted the police. The players notice a mystery player on the scoreboard, BBK, but believe it is just a glitch. Dave , one of Jamie\'s friends, meets Julia in the bar and pays for two beers she ordered. When he discovers that one of them belongs to Steve, he asks if he can urinate in it. Julia tells him that she doesn\'t care and that she dislikes Steve too but hangs out with him anyways because he\'s dating her friend Hannah. Julia follows Dave into the bathroom and the two begin to make out. A mysterious person wearing bowling attire exits one of the stalls while Dave and Julia are in the "69" position and forces Julia\'s head further onto Dave\'s penis while forcing Dave\'s head further between Julia\'s legs, suffocating them both. After they are dead, two strikes appear next to BBK on the scoreboard in the form of a skull and crossbones. The game continues and Sam excuses herself to the bathroom so she can "freshen up." The person who murdered Dave and Julia is hiding in one of the stalls when Sam enters the girls\' restroom and Sam, frightened by the noise coming from the stall, approaches it and is pulled inside. She tries to bargain with the killer, but the killer murders her by forcing a bowling pin down her throat. The killer lifts up Sam\'s skirt and, using the switchblade Sam tried to defend herself with, cuts Sam\'s penis lengthwise, giving her a "mangina." Ben  and Cindy  leave to have sex in a storage room upstairs, but Ben leaves Cindy alone to get a condom from the bathroom. He dies when the killer hits him over the head with a bowling pin and gouges his eyes out with a sharpened pin. The killer finds Cindy upstairs and strangles her to death with a pair of bowling sneakers. Downstairs, Hannah searches for Julia but dies when the killer crushes her head with two bowling balls. Joey goes back behind the pin setters to fix his team\'s, which they notice is broken. A.J. notices the strikes appearing next to BBK on the scoreboard and questions Egerton about it, who assures him that it is just a glitch. Egerton sends A.J. to an area currently being remodeled with an "out of order" sign to put on an automatic ball polisher that Joey broke earlier. A.J. turns the ball polisher on and finds it already fixed but dies when the killer uses it to wax his face off. Steve, noticing that something is amiss, leaves to find Joey behind the pin setters. Joey lies dead on the ground, headless. Steve is frightened by the killer, who bludgeons him with a bowling pin before sodomizing him with a sharpened pin. As Steve tries to crawl away, the killer smashes his head in with the bowling pin. Meanwhile, Sarah and Jamie continue their game. Jamie reaches into the ball return slot to find his bowling ball, instead discovering Joey\'s severed head. The two try desperately to escape the bowling alley before coming face to face with the killer. They run and hide in the basement, where they find their friends\' bodies. The killer appears with a shotgun and removes the bowling bag to reveal Egerton\'s face. Sarah discovers that Jamie knew about the murders of Steve, Joey and A.J. but not the others. Lisa appears, dressed up as well, revealing it was she that murdered Steve. Jamie explains that Lisa told her father, who turns out to be Egerton, about the rape and Egerton let Jamie in on the plan. When asked why he killed their friends too, Egerton explains that they didn\'t intervene when Lisa reentered the bowling alley and are therefore just as guilty. Another person dressed like the killer or "BBK", as Egerton goes on to explain, enters the basement and removes the bowling bag to reveal Patrick\'s face. Patrick explains that he confessed his involvement to Egerton and wanted to contact the police, but Egerton let him in on the plan instead and he was the person who murdered Joey and A.J., supposedly to make it up to her. Lisa is furious that her father allowed him to live so Egerton betrays Patrick and slits his throat with the switchblade he got from Sam. Jamie, realizing he\'s out of control, wrestles Egerton to the ground and, after a scuffle, blows his head clean off with the shotgun. Lisa cradles her father\'s body before grabbing the switchblade and trying to attack Jamie. Sarah grabs the shotgun and kills Lisa. Sarah shoots the locks off of the emergency doors and the two survivors escape the bowling alley. Traumatized and, above all, upset that Jamie did nothing to prevent the murders, Sarah turns the gun on him. The screen cuts to black and a gunshot is heard.'] ['After losing her family farm to the bank, local beauty pageant winner Rene , decides to leave the small town of Berkeley. A number of strange meteorites are seen falling nearby, turning the local inhabitants into zombies. Rene and other survivors hide in the home of gun nut and alien abductee Marion . Marion has a large cache of guns and a basement fallout shelter, but he never had a chance to stock it with food or water. The group ventures outside to scavenge, but encounter the zombies. Marion shoots one in the head and discover that is the way to keep the creatures down. They abandon the house, going to the garage to get Marion\'s van. They try to flee, only to find a huge barrier surrounding the entire town, which Marion blames on the aliens that had taken him. There is also a slightly acidic rain that falls at very regular intervals and the group is careful to not to get wet. Later, they are confronted by glowing, hooded figures. One by one, the group is either killed or pulled up into the clouds until only Rene is left. The aliens stop her and she is sprayed with the rainlike chemical, which turns out to be a cure for the infection. The Aliens are actually there to keep the zombie infection from spreading. The "abducted" are floating in suspended animation above the clouds to keep them safe. Their job done, the aliens leave, unaware that Wayne , presumed dead, managed to escape by plane and will spread the infection after they left. The townspeople are rushed to the hospital to treat the injured. Unfortunately, Wayne transforms into a zombie, first infecting Marion and then spreading the plague once again. The film ends at Rene\'s farm where the survivors are staying. The final shot is of the farm with a fenced-in area nearby, containing the zombified residents of Berkeley. Rene stands guard with a triple barreled shotgun and a gas mask, waiting for the return of the aliens.'] ["Jaime Pressly stars as Tiffany Courtney, an overly perky editor working for Merle Magazine. To give her company's magazine a more legitimate readership , Tiffany proposes to her boss that the magazine hold a swimwear shoot on a tropical island starring the world's top five greatest supermodels. 1: Eva:  German beauty ranked as the world's number-one supermodel. Eva considers herself as seductive and refuses to wash or cut her armpit hair. 2: Yo: An African American beauty from New York. Yo is famous for her large 'booty' and is most renowned for inspiring rapper 'Inky Stinky' to compose a rap about her behind. 3: Darbie:  Blonde and slender; American supermodel Darbie is known for her ability to transform herself in 'a human doll'. She is reported to have spent 12 days in the window of Bloomingdales in New York, before store clerks realized she wasn't a dummy. 4: Hou-Che: Asian beauty, famous for her eighth-degree black belt in martial arts and for her breast implants, to which she seeks the forgiveness of her deceased grandfather. 5: P: Spanish P is famous for her heartbreaking pouting and her bipolar disorder. To take the pictures Tiffany recruits Gunter and Gerd, two asexual photographers from Germany. The supermodels all agree to participate and are flown to the Islands of Isis, a tropical paradise where the shoot is to take place. Things don't start of well for Tiffany. As well as showing hatred towards each other the supermodels are instantly put of by Tiffany's excessive perkiness. Things go from bad to worse for Tiffany when she starts hearing the voice of Ryan from her self-help tapes in her head telling her to murder the supermodels. Once Tiffany starts hearing the voices a Ninja begins to murder the supermodels. P is shot in the back by a spear gun during a shoot. Hou-Che has her neck broken whilst in hand to hand combat with the Ninja . Despite the murders Tiffany is determined to go ahead with the shoot. The next to be killed is Yo who dies of a massive bout of flatulence after the Ninja tampered with steroid suppositories she was taking to maintain her large behind. The voices in Tiffany's head continue to tell her that she had killed them and suspicion falls on Tiffany from the remaining models. One the final day of the shoot, Eva's failed attempts to seduce the asexual photographers results in her abandoning the shoot. She is later found shot along with Gunter. The Ninja confronts Tiffany and Gerd and is unmasked and is Tiffany's boss Merle. Darbie is revealed to be Merle's lesbian lover. Merle and Darbie  had conspired to kill the supermodels to promote the image of a new, intelligent supermodel. Gerd was also in on the scheme to escape from the dominance the mute Gunter to which he is basically a translator. Merle reveals that Tiffany is a major pawn in her scheme. The voices in her head were part of a scheme involving micro transmitters inserted in Tiffany's ears whilst she was having surgery to remove a freckle on her left nipple which Tiffany was concerned would turn cancerous. The voices are provided by Ryan himself  who is another associate of Merle. He is also Dieter, Eva's poolboy. Merle turns the gun on Tiffany, she tries to talk them out of killing anyone else but is shot dead to set her up as the killer. The movie ends with Merle and Sarah/Darbie on the beach, talking about the future, but Merle is then shot  by Sarah/Darbie assumably so only she would control the new wave of models."] ['The film begins with a Brownie troop visiting a doll manufacturing company called Dolls Inc., owned and operated by the seemingly kindly Mr. Franz . As the girls tour the factory, they see a number of very lifelike dolls stored in glass canisters locked in a display case on the wall. These are part of Mr. Franz’s special collection. Sally Reynolds  answers a newspaper advertisement for a secretary; Franz\'s previous one has mysteriously vanished. Although she is concerned about his obsession with his dolls, she reluctantly agrees to take the job. She soon meets a traveling salesman, Bob Westley , who introduces himself as the best salesman in St. Louis and immediately sets about attempting to seduce her. Their relationship become serious enough that Bob persuades Sally to quit her job, promising to break the news to Franz. The next day however, Franz informs Sally that Bob has gone back home to take care of business and that she should forget him. She, however, is unwilling to accept this and goes to the police with a theory about Franz\' role in her boyfriend\'s disappearance , but Sergeant Paterson  is skeptical. Franz has developed a machine which can shrink people down to a sixth of their original size. He then uses it on anyone who tries to leave him. When he finds that Sally plans to quit, she becomes his latest victim. Franz has already miniaturized at least four other "friends". They are stored in suspended animation  in glass jars in a display case in his office. After a reunion between Sally and Bob, Franz reveals how the process works and why he miniaturizes people . Periodically, Franz awakens his captives to enjoy parties he throws for them. During a welcoming party for the two newcomers, Franz has to deal with full-size friend and customer Emil ([[Michael Mark . The prisoners try, but fail to call for help. However, Sergeant Paterson begins investigating Franz, as many people he knows seems to be missing. After Franz is questioned by Paterson, he panics, announcing to his miniature prisoners that he plans to kill them and himself before he can be caught. He takes his troupe to an old theatre, supposedly to test his repairs on Emil\'s marionette. There, he throws one last party, making his captives act out Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde for him. Bob and Sally manage to escape and make it back to Franz\'s workshop. Franz tracks them down, but not before they are able to return themselves to normal size. They leave to fetch the police, despite his feeble pleas. The fate of the other prisoners still miniaturized and frozen is not revealed.'] ["Sach, after eating too much candy develops a toothache which allows him to predict the future. Slip and Gabe come up with an idea to make money off of this and put him in a side show carnival. A mad scientist sees Sach's photo in the newspaper and reads about his ability and decides to visit the carnival. After seeing Sach in action he decides to kidnap him so he can transfer his brain into the brain of Atlas, a humanoid creature. The boys attempt to rescue Sach, but are captured themselves. Meanwhile Sach and Atlas have had their brains swapped temporarily and Louie has arrived in the hopes of rescuing all of them. He dons a knight's armor and temporarily outwits the scientists, but is eventually captured as well. However, the police, who Louie tried to alert earlier, arrive and arrest the scientists. Slip then tries to put Sach back on display at the carnival, but Sach says he no longer has a toothache...because he swallowed it!"] ['Taoist priest Kau is engaged to perform a reburial for a deceased rich man. Together with his inept students Man-choi and Chau-sang, Kau discovers that the corpse is still almost intact and looks alive. They attempt to prevent the corpse from resurrecting by drawing magical lines all over the coffin, but the corpse still breaks out and becomes a geung si . The vampire runs amok and starts killing many people while Kau and his students try to stop it. In one battle, Man-choi is bitten by the vampire and infected with the "vampire virus", causing him to almost turn into a vampire as well. Meanwhile, Chau-sang is seduced by a female ghost and nearly loses his soul to her. Kau has a hard time dealing with his students\' problems and putting an end to the vampire\'s rampage.'] ["A gothic high-school comedy with a Carrie-like story. Cherri  and Rod  are the high-school king and queen and they justifiably rule their domain. Spud , the new kid in town, accidentally offends both Cherri and Rod and so is forced to become Cherri's slave. Naturally, they immediately hate each other, but later fall in love. Cherri and Spud secretly decide to go to the prom together, and on prom night a rejected Rod forces their car off the road and into the lake. In true 50's ballad style, their car sinks to the bottom of the lake as they share one last kiss. While the bodies of Cherri and Spud lie in a timeless embrace, Rod is successful in thwarting any investigation and is able to get away with murder. On the night of the following year's prom, the car magically comes to life and slowly drives out of the lake with Cherri and Spud, as if nothing had happened, only this time their bodies are in an advanced state of decomposition. Their rusty and water-logged car drives to the prom and just as Rod is about to crown himself new king of the prom, Cherri and Spud enter the ballroom - the spotlight follows them as they cross the dance floor, with all the attendees in shock. As they approach the stage, spiders, bugs, snakes, lizards and fish ooze from their sagging skin and skeletal bodies, and the prom attendees freak as they mount the stairs to the stage. Spud takes the crown and places it on Cherri as the animals attack and devour Rod.‘Happy Days’ Meets ‘Carrie’"] ['The film begins on a prison asteroid in outer space. A group of unseen creatures known as Crites are set to be transported to another station. When the seemingly intelligent creatures cause an explosion that kills two guards and injures three, hijack a ship away from the station, and escape, the leader of the station hires two transforming bounty hunters to hunt the "Critters" down. Meanwhile, on Earth, we are introduced to the Brown family, living in a rural Kansas town: the father, Jay; the mother, Helen; the teenage daughter, April; and the trouble-making son, Brad. Brad often hangs out with dopey mechanic, Charlie McFadden. When he and Brad are outside, Charlie accidentally hits Brad\'s sister with a slingshot pellet, and Brad, not wanting his friend to get into trouble, passes the blame on himself. He is grounded, but sneaks out onto the roof. While on the roof Brad sees what appears to be a comet streaking the sky, falling somewhere in the distance. The comet, which in actuality is the Crite\'s ship, lands, causing the ground to shake and alarming Jay and his wife. Walking outside to investigate, Jay discovers Brad in a tree, who says he was thrown clear out of his window by the earthquake. Jay, obviously not believing this, takes his son along with him to find the comet. At the landing site, the Critters survey the damage, and set out for food. Devouring the majority of a steer, the Crites are interrupted upon Jay and Brad\'s discovery of the cattle\'s carcass. Then the Crites attack and eat a police officer. Shortly afterward, the Critters make their way toward the farm and manage to cut the power. Jay, Helen and Brad go to the circuit breaker where Jay is attacked by one of the Critters. Then out in the barn, April is making out and trying to engage in sexual intercourse with her boyfriend Steve when one of the Critters attacks them and kills Steve. Brad saves her by feeding a lit stick of dynamite to the Critter, killing it. The family manages to evade the Critters and get into the house. Meanwhile the two bounty hunters, having already landed on Earth, travel from pillar to post in the town looking for the Critters. When Brad goes for help, he manages to bring the bounty hunters to his home. The Critters return to their ship when the bounty hunters arrive, with their large leader having kidnapped April, Charlie then lights a homemade bomb with a molotov cocktail created from the whiskey he is always carrying and saves her. The Critters lift off, and blast the Brown\'s house into pieces. Their ship explodes, supposedly killing all the Critters. The bounty hunters leave in their ship after giving Brad a strange, remote-like device. The Brown\'s house is repaired in less than a minute, with a push of a button on the remote control. At the very end, the camera zooms into the barn, where Critter eggs can be seen.'] ['Shaun  is a salesman whose life has no direction. His younger colleagues show him no respect, he has a rocky relationship with his stepfather, Phillip , a tense relationship with his housemate, Pete , because of Ed , Shaun\'s crude best friend who lives on their couch and deals marijuana, and his girlfriend, Liz , is dissatisfied with their social life, as it consists primarily of spending every evening at the Winchester, Shaun and Ed\'s favourite pub. They never do anything alone together – Shaun always brings Ed, and Liz brings her flatmates, David  and Dianne . After a miserable day at work, Shaun meets an old friend, Yvonne , who asks him what he and Liz are doing for their anniversary, which makes him realise he forgot to book a table at a restaurant, as he had promised to do. Faced with this, Liz breaks up with him. Shaun drowns his sorrows with Ed at the Winchester. The two return home late and spin electro records, only to have Pete confront them, who is suffering a headache after being mugged and bitten by "some crackheads". Pete berates Shaun and tells him to sort his life out. Shaun resolves to do so. The next morning, an uprising of zombies has overwhelmed the town, but Shaun is too busy dealing with his problems and too hungover to notice. He and Ed become aware of what is happening after watching reports on TV, as zombies attack their house. After fighting back with weapons from the shed, they decide they need to go somewhere safe. Shaun and Ed decide that the safest place they know is the Winchester, and they plan to collect Shaun\'s mother, Barbara , Phillip, Liz, and her flatmates. Shaun discovers that a naked Pete is still in the house and is now a zombie, and he and Ed escape in Pete\'s car. After collecting Barbara and Phillip, who is bitten in the process, they switch cars and drive in Phillip\'s Jaguar and head to Liz, Dianne and David\'s flat, and collect them. Before they make it to the Winchester, Phillip dies of his bite, after he manages to make peace with Shaun. Abandoning the car as Phillip turns into a zombie, they set off on foot, bumping into Yvonne and her own band of survivors. Discovering that the path is infested with zombies, they devise a plan to sneak by, but Ed and Shaun get into an argument and the zombies are alerted. David smashes the window while Shaun distracts the zombies. Everyone takes refuge inside the pub, and Shaun joins them after giving the zombies the slip. After several hours, the zombies return. Ed gives away their position and the zombies converge on the pub. Shaun discovers that the Winchester rifle above the bar is functional and they use it to fend off the zombies. Barbara reveals a bite wound she picked up along the way and dies, becomes a zombie, and is reluctantly shot by a heartbroken Shaun. David is dismembered and disembowelled by the zombies, as a frantic Dianne unbolts the door to rescue him, exposing Shaun, Liz and Ed to the zombies. Ed prepares a Molotov cocktail to fend them off, but Pete arrives and bites him. He manages to get over the bar and Shaun uses the cocktail to set fire to the bar. They escape into the cellar. Trapped, they contemplate suicide, then discover a service hatch. Shaun and Liz escape through the hatch as a mortally wounded Ed stays behind with the rifle. Back on the street, as Shaun and Liz prepare to fight the zombies once more, the British Army arrives and they are rescued. Yvonne, who has also survived, shows up and tells Shaun and Liz to follow her. They approach the safety of the trucks, reconciled. Six months after the outbreak, the uninfected have returned to daily life, while the remaining zombies, retaining their instincts, are used as cheap labour and entertainment. Liz and Shaun have moved in together in Shaun\'s house, and Shaun is keeping Ed, who is now a zombie, tethered in the shed and playing video games.'] ["Buffy Summers  is introduced as a stereotypical cheerleader at Hemery High School in Los Angeles. She is a carefree popular girl whose main concerns are shopping and spending time with her friends. While at school one day, she is approached by a man named Merrick Jamison-Smythe . He informs her that she is The Slayer, or chosen one, and he is a Watcher whose duty it is to guide and train her. She initially refuses to believe his claims, but finally becomes convinced that he is right when he is able to describe a recurring dream of hers in detail. Meanwhile Oliver Pike , and best friend Benny, who resented Buffy and her friends due to their social circles, are out drinking when they are attacked by vampires. Benny is turned but Oliver is saved by Merrick. As a vampire, Benny visits Oliver and tries to get him to join him. When Oliver and his boss are discussing Benny, Oliver tells him to run if he sees him. After several successful outings, Buffy is drawn into conflict with a local vampire king named Lothos , who has killed a number of past Slayers. During an encounter with Lothos' main minion Amilyn  and his gang of vampires, Buffy, Oliver and Merrick fight against them in the forest as Amilyn loses his arm. Amilyn flees the fight to talk to Lothos who now has his focus on Buffy. After this encounter, Buffy and Oliver start a friendship, which eventually becomes romantic and Oliver becomes Buffy's partner in fighting the undead. During a basketball game, Buffy and Oliver find out that one of the players is a minion of Lothos. After a quick chase to an amusement park, Buffy finally confronts Lothos, shortly after she and Oliver take down his gang. Lothos catches Buffy in a hypnotic trance, which is broken due to Merrick's intervention. Lothos turns on Merrick and impales him with the stake he attempted to use on him. Lothos leaves, saying that Buffy is not ready. As Merrick dies, he tells Buffy to do things her own way, rather than live by the rules of others. Buffy becomes emotionally shocked, has a falling out with her friends and starts dropping her Slayer responsibilities. At the senior dance, Buffy meets up with Oliver and as they start to dance and eventually kiss, Lothos leads the remainder of his minions to the school and attacks the students and the attending faculty. Buffy confronts the vampires outside while Oliver fights the vampiric Benny. After overpowering the vampires, she confronts Lothos inside the school and stabs Amilyn. Lothos hypnotises Buffy again but she uses a cross and hairspray to create a makeshift flame-thrower and burns Lothos before heading back into the gym. Buffy sees everybody recover from the attack, but Lothos emerges again getting into a fight with Buffy, who then stakes him. The film ends with Buffy and Oliver leaving the prom on a motorcycle, and a news crew interviewing the students and the principal about the attack during the credits."] ["Dr. Terror's House of Horrors is a portmanteau film consisting of five stories within a frame story. Five men enter a train carriage in London bound for Bradley, and are joined by a sixth, the mysterious Doctor Schreck . Schreck is the German word for terror, hence the title of the film. It also recalls Max Schreck, the actor who played the title role in the 1922 vampire classic Nosferatu. During the journey, the doctor opens his pack of Tarot cards and proceeds to reveal the destinies of each of the travellers. This provides the framework to tell five horror stories. The first story concerns an architect, Jim Dawson ([[Neil McCallum , who travels to a Scottish island to his former house to make alterations requested by the new owner, Mrs. Biddulph . Mrs. Bidduplh is described as a widow who bought the house to seek solitude to recover from the death of her husband. Behind a fake wall in the cellar, he finds the coffin of Count Cosmo Valdemar, who had owned the house centuries ago. Valdemar was killed in a conflict with the Dawson family, and had vowed to exact revenge on the owner of the house and reclaim his former home. Dawson soon discovers that Valdemar is emerging to take the form of a werewolf in the night, and believes the house maid was killed by him. Believing the owner, Mrs. Biddulph's life to be in danger, he melts a cross made out of silver by his ancestors to protect the house from Valdemar's spirit, to make silver bullets, which according to legend are the only means of killing a werewolf. On the night he encounters the wolf as it is about to attack Mrs. Biddulph and shoots, he is baffled that the bullets don't kill it. Mrs. Biddulph then reveals that she had switched the silver bullets with ordinary ones. She reveals to Dawson that the true legend was that Valdemar would exact revenge on the last descendants of the Dawson clan, and that the placing of Dawson's body in place of Valdemar's in the coffin, would bring Valdemar back to life in human form. She reveals she was Valdemar's wife who had deliberately lured Dawson to kill him, even after 200 years. The second story has Bill Rogers  and his family returning from vacation to discover a fast-growing vine has installed itself in the garden. When the plant seems to respond violently to attempts to cut it down, Rogers goes to the Ministry of Defence, where he gets advice from a couple of scientists . It soon turns out that the plant has become intelligent, and harbours homicidal tendencies towards any threats to its existence. Story three is the intentionally humorous one. Biff Bailey  is a jazz musician who accepts a gig in the West Indies, and foolishly steals a tune from a local voodoo ceremony. When he tries to use the tune as a melody in a jazz composition back in London, there are dire consequences. Castle was a last-minute replacement for Acker Bilk, who had suffered a heart attack. Castle's band was played by the Tubby Hayes Quintet, a leading British modern jazz group of the time. Castle, when appearing to play with the band on-screen, actually mimes the trumpet part to the soundtrack recording of trumpeter Shake Keane. Next is the tale of Franklyn Marsh , an art critic who seems more concerned with his own devastating wit than art itself. Painter Eric Landor  bears the brunt of one of Marsh's tirades, but gets even by humiliating the critic publicly. When Landor takes it too far, Marsh responds in violent fashion causing Landor to lose one of his hands. Unable to paint any more, Landor commits suicide. Marsh is then tormented by the disembodied hand, which seems immune to fire as well as escaping attempts at containing it. Lastly, Dr. Bob Carroll  returns to his home in the United States with his new French bride Nicolle . Soon there is evidence that a vampire is on the loose, and Carroll seeks the aid of his colleague Dr. Blake , only to find out that his bride is the vampire. Following Blake's advice, Carroll kills Nicolle. But when the police come to arrest Carroll under the charge of his wife's murder, Blake denies giving any such advice. When the police takes away Carroll, Blake says that there is not enough place in the city for two doctors or two vampires, and he himself turns into a bat. The frame story ends with a twist: From the Tarot cards, the doctor informs the men that the only way they can avoid these horrible destinies is by dying first. When the train stops, the men find out that they are dead, having already perished in a train wreck; and Doctor Schreck is revealed to be Death himself."] ["Reijiro Hieda was known as a young and energetic archeologist, but he passed into oblivion since he began to advocate a heretical theory. One day, Hieda got a letter from Yabe who is his brother-in-law and a junior high school teacher. His letter said that he discovered the ancient tomb which the ancients built to appease evil spirits. Hieda went to the field at once, but Yabe mysteriously disappeared with Reiko Tsukishima who is his student. On the other hand, Masao, the son of Yabe, was looking for his father's whereabouts with his friend in the school during summer vacation and Masao found Reiko. Then Masao was wrapped up in a mysterious atmosphere, and strange creatures appeared. Masao's back emitted smoke and ached suddenly. Hieda appeared, and he saved Masao then they searched for the premises and found a sea of blood and the neckless body. Then, they heard the woman's quiet singing voice. It was Reiko's voice."] ['In the woods outside the small affluent town of Cherry Falls, Virginia, a teen-aged couple, Rod Harper  and Stacy Twelfmann  are getting romantic in a car when a black-haired female appears and murders them both. Meanwhile, in town, teenager Jody Marken  - the daughter of the local sheriff - is with her boyfriend, Kenny , who thinks it is time to go "all the way." Jody gently says no, then goes back home only to find her father, Brent , upset that she is out past her curfew. Brent and his deputies begin to investigate the murders the next day. They see that the killer carved the word "virgin" into both victims. At school, Brent sees English teacher Mr. Marliston , who urges him to divulge more details of the murder to students and the town so as to eliminate the possibility of secrets. Soon, the apparent black-haired female kills another teen - Annette Duwald, who is also a virgin. Concerned for the town\'s safety, Brent holds a meeting at the high school to tell parents the nature of the crimes.  The killer appears, kills Timmy, and strikes at Jody, but her father rescues her. Word gets out in Cherry Falls about how virgins are being targeted. The school\'s worst fears are confirmed when a large-scale orgy is planned outside of city limits. At the police station, Jody describes the killer to an officer, who draws a composite. Brent confides with an old friend, Tom Sisler,  that the suspect looks like "Lora Lee Sherman." The two are both visibly nervous, and Jody listens in on their conversation. Later at school, Jody and Kenny reconcile, and later Jody learns from her mother about the tale of Lora Lee. 25 years ago, Lora Lee was a high school loner. She claimed that four popular boys at school - including Brent, and the high school principal - raped her one night. Her cries fell on deaf ears and she left the city for the rural outskirts, where she was rarely seen or heard from again. After Jody discovers the truth, disappointed with the hypocrisy of her parents, she visits Kenny at his house. They talk, and Jody being upset with her parents, tries to pressure sex on Kenny. He refuses, pushing her away stating how he would rather have sex with her because she wants to. She leaves and they end things between them. The night the student orgy begins, Brent goes to the school for a meeting with Sisler but he finds him dead in his office with the words "virgin not" carved into his forehead before Brent is knocked out and abducted by the killer and dragged away. Jody is riding her bike that night, as she has refused to have sex with Kenny at the party. She bikes by Marliston\'s house as he is dragging a heavy trunk inside. When Jody opens the trunk and sees her bloody father inside, she is knocked unconscious. At the orgy, Kenny is there with a girl who he plans to have sex with, but after thinking, changes his mind and goes to find Jody. He drives to find her but strangely sees her bicycle outside of a house. Downstairs in that house, Marliston puts on a wig and makeup to "become" Lora Lee Sherman. Marliston reveals that he is Lora Lee Sherman\'s illegitimate son, then asks Brent to retell the story of what happened that night 25 years ago. Brent reveals that the four boys - including himself when he was very intoxicated - did indeed rape Lora Lee. Marliston says his mother became an abusive "psycho" after the rape and gave birth to a son  fathered by one of the rapists. With a close-up of both Brent and Marliston\'s  eyes, it is strongly implied that Brent is in fact Marliston\'s biological father. By frightening virgins, Marliston anticipated a large high school orgy , which would thereby rob all the wealthy parents of their precious children\'s virginity . Kenny enters the house and frees Jody. Brent battles with Marliston, losing his life in the battle. Jody and Kenny flee to the orgy. Marliston follows and kills a deputy. He heads inside with an axe and mass panic erupts. After stabbing panicking students and then trying to escape, Marliston battles Jody and Kenny and he succeeds in severely wounding Kenny. Eventually, Marliston is pushed off a balcony by Jody and impaled on fence posts. At first, he seems dead but then he awakens briefly and is promptly killed by Deputy Mina who unloads two pistols into him. The next day, Jody and her mother head away from the police station after submitting a distorted version of the truth but not before Jody sees a vision of someone resembling Lora Lee Sherman.Top Ten High School Horror Movies'] ['The movie is shot as a documentary set in a world where the killers depicted in famous slasher films are real. A female journalist named Taylor Gentry and her two cameramen, Doug and Todd, document the preparations of Leslie Vernon as he prepares to join the ranks of other slasher villains. Leslie takes his identity from an urban legend about a boy who killed his family and was cast into a river by angry townsfolk. He initially claims to be the vengeful spirit of the slain boy, but soon admits that he is an ordinary man named Leslie Mancuso who must rely on conventional tactics rather than supernatural powers. Taylor and her crew film Leslie\'s meticulous preparations to slaughter a number of teenagers in an abandoned house and then be confronted by a virginal "survivor girl", Kelly. Taylor and her crew come to share Leslie\'s enthusiasm for his project, but their consciences catch up with them on the night of the murders. They beg Leslie to call off his killing spree, but Leslie is adamant, believing that his survivor girl will define herself by facing him. Taylor and her crew abandon their documentary and at this point the film shifts from a documentary style to a traditional horror movie presentation. Taylor attempts to warn and rally the remaining teens together to fight Leslie, but Leslie\'s preparations repeatedly give him the upper hand. The group looks to Kelly for leadership, but she unexpectedly dies. Taylor quickly realizes that, as a virgin herself, she was Leslie\'s true survivor girl all along. Leslie continues picking off the group one-by-one until only Taylor remains. She faces Leslie and defeats him in the exact manner he had laid out for her, then burns down the shed in which he was defeated. She then runs into Doug and Doc Halloran who survived their encounters with Leslie. However, Leslie\'s preparations included learning to feign death and slathering himself with flame-retardant gel. Over the final credits, security camera footage reveals Leslie\'s charred body sitting up on an autopsy table, still alive, accompanied by the song "Psycho Killer" by The Talking Heads.'] ['"Everyone knows someone who\'s had a run-in with an angry racoon. Some people even believe that racoons are smarter than people."{{cite web}} Outside the small rural town of Independence, college buddies Ty Smallwood  and Zach  join a small group of college students visiting the Raccoon Creek Campground to have what they hope will be the best summer break of their lives. Their hopes are dashed when they have run-ins with frat guys, rednecks, hippies, bible students, and an inept set of camp counselors. Things go from bad to worse when they discover that maniacal raccoons have targeted the camp with an intention to wreak havoc on all humanity. When one camper is murdered, the rest seek revenge and retaliation.'] ["An all-American family inherits a deceased uncle's house. John  and Mary  together with their daughter Debbie , and son Billy  then move into the house. Waldemar , a vampire figure, and Yolanda ([[Nancy Andrews , his wife, want desperately to get into the run down house because it contains a book of evil. Billy finds the mysterious book Waldemar and Yolanda are after. He opens it and reads of a curse hanging over the date of Saturday the 14th. As he turns the page a monster is unleashed, and with each turn another disappears from the page and is materialized within or outside the home. The house is soon swarming with monsters. Soon strange things start happening: eyes appear in John's coffee, sandwiches are eaten, the television tunes into The Twilight Zone only, dirt is found in Mary's bed, dishes get done by themselves, neighbors disappear. As this is happening, neither John or Mary suspect anything, blaming things on a lack of curtains. Waldemar gets into the house by turning into a bat. Mary keeps hearing noises at night which she thinks are owls, but are the sounds of Waldemar as the bat outside her window. John hires an exterminator to get rid of the owls. The exterminator is actually Van Helsing , who is also after the book of evil in the house. John and Mary begin planning a house warming party on Saturday the 14th. Guests arrive but cannot leave. When they try, a large storm appears outside the door. As the night unfolds the monsters begin to off the guests one by one. Eventually a duel between Van Helsing and the vampire erupts where it is discovered that Van Helsing is after the book in order to rule the world. The vampire Waldemar is actually trying to prevent this from happening. Good wins over evil, as Van Helsing and the monsters are defeated. The family ends up in an upscale all-American looking home while Waldemar and Yolanda keep the original house as their own."] ['The film begins with the Munster family making a visit to the wax museum. They take a picture of themselves standing next to their wax replicas. When the family leaves, the statues in the museum mysteriously come to life and begin wreaking havoc across the city. Herman and Grandpa are then arrested for various crimes they did not commit and try to clear their names in time for the Halloween celebration at the Munster home. As The Munsters Today explains that the Munsters were asleep in a machine that did not age them from 1966-1988, it follows that "The Munsters\' Revenge" is set in 1966. This would also explain why neither Marilyn or Eddie have aged in The Munsters\' Revenge.'] ['{{Plot}} The League of Gentlemen have decided to work on a new project and stop working on their creations set in the town of Royston Vasey, the location of their TV series. One of the writers, Jeremy Dyson , does not want to do the project and keeps coming up with weak ideas in order to keep them alive, such as giving all the characters tails. After failing to convince the other members of The League, he is horrified to find one of the Royston Vasey characters, Tubbs Tattsyrup, in his bathroom. He runs for help, but is stopped by Edward Tattsyrup, who try to prevent Dyson from destroying them. Jeremy escapes and runs to the edge of a cliff. He pretends they do not exist, only to find out that they are real, when Papa Lazarou appears from behind and throws him off the cliff to his apparent death. Back in Royston Vasey, the local vicar, Bearnice Woodall, tells fellow residents Pauline Campbell-Jones and Mr. Chinnery at the church that there are signs of The Apocalypse occurring. She tells them that she sent Tubbs, Edward and Papa Lazarou through a secret door into another dimension in order to stop it. Having heard no word, she assumes they died during the mission, and so they plan to go through the door. However, in the moors near Royston Vasey, Hilary Briss has escaped from prison. He finds Herr Lipp on the moors and holds him hostage. Hilary uses Herr Lipp to steal a car, driven by Geoff Tipps. Hilary leads them to the church and through the door to the other dimension, before Bernice, Pauline and Chinnery do so. When Hilary, Herr Lipp and Geoff come out, they are in Hadfield - the town where The League of Gentlemen is filmed. They have entered our dimension. They meet Papa Lazarou, who takes them to where he, Tubbs and Edward are hiding out. They explain that Royston Vasey is in fact a fictional place created by a troupe of comedians called "The League of Gentlemen". They know that they no longer want to continue Royston Vasey, so they were sent to prevent the writers from destroying the town. After throwing Jeremy off the cliff, only three of the writers remain: Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith. Hilary, Herr Lipp and Geoff are sent to persuade them to continue to write for Royston Vasey. Hilary, Herr Lipp and Geoff travel to London. After sneaking into an office where Gatiss, Pemberton and Shearsmith are working, they discover the new project they are working on. However, Lipp bumps into Pemberton. Geoff knocks Pemberton unconscious and kidnaps him. Hilary and Geoff take Pemberton to their hideout , while Lipp is mistaken for Pemberton. Lipp pretends to be his creator and goes home, where he discovers that Pemberton has been neglecting his family. Hilary and Geoff read through The League of Gentlemen\'s new project, a historical horror called The King\'s Evil, in which a group of Catholics work together with a black magician called Dr. Pea ([[David Warner  in order to kill the Protestant King William III  and Queen Mary II  using a poisonous monster called a "Homunculus". While they read, Pemberton escapes. Hilary chases him while Geoff continues to read. Hilary re-captures Pemberton, but when they return to the hideout, Hilary discovers Geoff has written himself into the plot of The King\'s Evil as the hero. Herr Lipp meanwhile becomes deeply attached to Pemberton\'s family, in particular his children. He looks through some of Pemberton\'s personal belongs in order to find Pemberton\'s notes. He then becomes angry when he realises that he was created as a "One-joke character" and is depicted as grotesque. Meanwhile, in the plot of The King\'s Evil, Geoff is captured by Dr. Pea and his friends, where he\'s tortured by them to reveal all of his knowledge about what has been going on, including the writers. Hilary takes Pemberton up to Hadfield, where he telephones Shearsmith about what has been going on. Shearsmith does not believe that Pemberton has been captured and that he is playing a joke on him, so Hilary comes to the phone. Shearsmith initially believes that Gatiss is joining in on the "joke" when he opens a door and Gatiss is standing right in front of him. Shearsmith and Gatiss find and capture Herr Lipp, who then travel up to Hadfield. They enter the dimensional door and swap their hostages. When they exit the door, they have entered Royston Vasey, which is now in chaos. Hilary explains what has been going on, with the residents of Royston Vasey coming up with their own ideas. Just as Pemberton is about to create one of his own, he is killed by the characters from The King\'s Evil. They have managed to enter in Royston Vasey, along with Geoff who apologises for what has happened. Pea tries to convince Briss to leave Royston Vasey and join him, but Hilary refuses. Pea kills his fellow characters and turns them into a gigantic homunculus, which Hilary tries to fight. Shearsmith and Gatiss try and climb up the church in order to escape, but Shearsmith falls to his death as he climbs. Hilary kills the monster, but he himself is stabbed in the back by Pea. Before he passes away, he tells Geoff that he is the only one who can save Royston Vasey. Geoff fights with Dr. Pea, while Gatiss tries to return to real world. However, he is stopped by Herr Lipp, who holds him at gunpoint. Geoff manages to kill Dr. Pea using part of the homunculus, but the chaos still goes on. In the church, Herr Lipp says he will kill Gatiss. The other characters try to dissuade him, as they believe that once all the writers are dead the Royston Vasey will cease to exist and all of them will die. Herr Lipp claims that they\'d be better off that way, because as long as they\'re being controlled by someone else they have no free will and can therefore never change for the better. Geoff tells Herr Lipp that because he managed to save the day and can therefore change, he does not need to kill Gatiss. He persuades Herr Lipp to hand him the gun, only for Geoff to accidentally fire it and kill Gatiss himself. The residents of Royston Vasey prepare for the worst, but nothing happens. Instead, everything calms down and The Apocalypse ends. Also, with the writers gone, the characters realise they now have free will. Herr Lipp adopts some orphaned children. Chinnery finds a rabbit and is able to take care of it without killing it. Bearnice believes in God. Geoff leaves the church, waving goodbye to Edward, Tubbs and Papa Lazarou. It appears that Royston Vasey can continue to exist independently of its dead creators. However, Dyson is still alive and in a coma after falling off the cliff. Everyone else in the world now has tails.'] ['Two months after a mutated strain of mad cow disease has turned most humans into cannibal zombies, unaffected college student "Columbus"  is making his way to Columbus, Ohio to see whether his parents are still alive. He encounters "Tallahassee" , another survivor who seeks Twinkies. They travel together. They later meet "Wichita"  and her younger, 12-year-old sister "Little Rock" . The sisters were con artists before the catastrophe, and have little trouble tricking the two guys into handing over their weapons and stealing their vehicle. Later, the two men find a Hummer loaded with weapons, but when they meet the girls again, the girls once more gain the upper hand, taking their weapons and car. Tallahassee manages to wrestle away Little Rock\'s gun, resulting in a Mexican standoff. Columbus negotiates a truce. The girls are going to the "Pacific Playland" amusement park, which is supposedly free of zombies. Columbus does not want to go along at first, but when Wichita informs him that his hometown has been destroyed, he stays with the group. When they reach Hollywood, Tallahassee takes them to Bill Murray\'s mansion. Tallahassee and Wichita meet Murray himself, uninfected but disguised as a zombie so he can walk  safely among the infected. When Murray attempts to scare Columbus and Little Rock as a practical joke, Columbus shoots and kills him, believing him a real zombie. Later, Columbus realizes Tallahassee has been grieving for his young son, lost to the zombies, rather than his dog as he had earlier led Columbus to believe. Wichita nearly kisses Columbus, but fearing attachment, she leaves with Little Rock for Pacific Playland without warning. Columbus persuades a reluctant Tallahassee to follow in one of Murray\'s vehicles. At Pacific Playland, Wichita and Little Rock activate all the rides and lights, attracting nearby zombies. A battle ensues, leaving the sisters trapped on a drop tower ride. Tallahassee and Columbus arrive just as the sisters\' ammunition runs out. Tallahassee lures the zombies away, then locks himself in a game booth, shooting zombies at his leisure, while Columbus goes after the sisters. In thanks, Wichita reveals her real name, Krista. Tallahassee eliminates the remaining zombies, then joyfully eats a Twinkie that Little Rock has found. The group leaves Pacific Playland together after Little Rock and Wichita pretend to leave them behind, Columbus having realized he\'s finally found what he\'s been looking for: a family.'] ['Country singers are headed to Nashville. Their car breaks down and they stop overnight at an abandoned house, which turns out to be haunted. A ring of international spies  who live in the house are seeking a top secret formula for rocket fuel. While it is never revealed for whom they are spying, they carry out their activities under the cover of a supposed haunted house, which comes complete with a gorilla in the basement.'] ['The film is a nostalgic homage to the exploitation films of Wes Craven and Tobe Hooper that follows a group of free-loving hippies who escape to a modern-day Woodstock for a weekend of debauchery, only to be stalked by a radical-minded psychopath dressed and talking like Ronald Reagan.'] ['The plot revolves around a large family who gather for their two Grannies birthday in the country side. Unfortunately, one of their gifts happens to be from their devil-worshipping nephew, and upon opening it, the two loveable grannies turn into vicious, flesh-eating monsters who will not stop until they have loved each and every one of their relatives to death.'] ['Peter, a hairdresser, meets June, a hospital nurse, at the discothèque one night and she becomes his girlfriend. She claims to have a spiritual "third eye" which allows her to see ghosts. Peter and June develop a close bond, but Peter begins to encounter increasingly bizarre incidents of people being possessed by ghosts and dying. June insists Peter call her "Siu-kam" one day and develops a close friendship with a boy in the neighborhood. When Peter and June visit the boy\'s family he realizes that his mother was under attack by two vicious spirits who are vying for the mother\'s body, one of whom is looking for his head. Later the boy\'s dead body is found at the foot of the flat. Peter\'s father commits suicide in the hospital under strange circumstances and a nurse claims she saw June and Peter\'s father staring at each other for minutes before the latter\'s death. Peter becomes suspicious of June and wants to break up with her, even when she tries to warn him that he is targeted by the "headless ghost". When Peter\'s best friend Simon tells him that he was indeed possessed, Peter regains trust in June and starts unraveling the mystery by tracking down details of a horrific accident happening at Sai Wan two decades ago. Apparently, Peter\'s father had accidentally caused a man to be decapitated by a tram decades ago, and his ghost is seeking revenge on him and his son.'] ['A group of teenage girls must spend the night in an old house in order to receive a minor amount of money. On the night of their arrival, a strange man arrives at the house, delivering an old book. Once he is gone, the girls examine the book, where they find a sketch of a wolf-like monster. As time passes, the drawing emerges from the book and becomes a Toon. Whilst its intention is to purge the house of its occupants, it also displays licentious behaviour, seemingly trying to sexually abuse the girls whilst performing its task. At one point, after attacking one of the girls, it possesses her; this plot device ostensibly being for purpose of replacing an expensive special effect  with cheaper make-up effects.Grauen II > Moviemania > Evil Toons'] ["{{plot}} After a marine fish and game officer is attacked and bitten in half by something unseen in the Black Lake, Aroostook County, Maine, Sheriff Hank Keough , Fish and Game officer Jack Wells , American Museum of Natural History paleontologist Kelly Scott , and mythology professor/crocodile enthusiast Hector Cyr  set out to the lake to investigate. A series of strange events occur, including Kelly and Hank's canoe mysteriously flying into the air and flipping, the discovery of both a severed toe and a severed Moose head, and the decapitation of a Fish and Game deputy. Later, during an argument between parties, a giant saltwater crocodile leaps out of the water and drags a nearby bear into the lake. Jack, Kelly, and Hank then visit Delores Bickerman , one of few people living on the lake. After finding a man's severed head, they witness her feeding the crocodile with a blindfolded cow. Delores reveals to have been feeding the crocodile for years after it followed her husband home. It eventually killed him. She is placed under house arrest for originally lying to the police. Hector decides to take one of Hank's deputies on a trip in the helicopter, and lands the helicopter in the cove where the crocodile lives. While he is diving, it attacks him, but he escapes. Jack and Hank plan to allow Florida Fish and Game to kill the crocodile when they arrive, but Hector suggests instead that he lure it out of the water and drug it. Jack reluctantly accepts the proposal and they use one of Delores' cows, dangled from the helicopter, as bait. After a few hours, the crocodile turns up and lunges at the cow. Hector pulls up, loses the cow, and crashes the helicopter into the lake. The crocodile comes on land and attacks Jack and Kelly. Kelly is knocked into the lake but makes it to the helicopter just in time. Despite Hector and Kelly's protests to let the animal live, Jack grabs a gun and shoots it, but the gun is revealed to be a tranquilizer rifle. As Hector comes out of the water, a second crocodile attacks him, but Hank blows it up with his grenade launcher. Florida Fish and Game arrive seconds later. They load the crocodile on a truck and take it to Portland, Maine until they can figure out what to do with it. The last scene shows Delores feeding bread crumbs to many baby crocodiles, implying the two adults were a mating pair. During the end credits, the surviving adult crocodile is seen tied to the back of a flat-bed truck, speeding down a road."] ["Structurally, Gozu is a succession of bizarre scenes sandwiched between a storyline involving Minami’s search for his Yakuza brother Ozaki in a small town, that is reminiscent of the episodic quests in Greek Mythology.<ref namehttp://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A8898-2004Sep9.html |titlewashingtonpost.com |date2012-07-26}} Minami's encounter with a minotaur-like creature gives the film its name ."] ['An abandoned ship crashes into a dockyard in Brooklyn, New York, and the ship inspector, Silas Green, inspects it, finding it full of corpses. Elsewhere, Julius Jones, Silas\' nephew, has a run-in with some Italian mobsters. Just as the two goons are about to kill Julius, Maximillian, a suave, mysterious vampire , intervenes and kills them. Soon after, Maximillian infects Julius with his vampiric blood, turning Julius into a decaying ghoul, claiming that it has it\'s benefits; he then explains that he has come to Brooklyn in search of the Dhampir daughter of a vampire from his native Caribbean island in order to live beyond the night of the next full moon. This Dhampir turns out to be NYPD Detective Rita Veder, who is still dealing with the death of her mentally ill mother  some months before. As she and her partner, Detective Justice , are in the middle of investigating the murders on the ship , Rita begins having strange visions about herself , and begins asking questions about her mother\'s past. When she tells Justice about having "a strange feeling" about the investigation, he reacts in a skeptical manner, which frustrates Rita. The visions, as well as some of Rita\'s more unusual personality traits , are presumably influenced in part by her vampire heritage; this is hinted at a few times throughout the first two-thirds of the story. Rita is completely unaware of this heritage, and believes she is headed toward a state of mental illness, similar to what happened to her mother. Maximillian initiates a series of sinister methods to find out more about Rita and to further pull her into his thrall, including seducing and murdering her roommate Nikki, as well as disguising himself as her preacher and a lowlife crook . Max, in these disguises, misleads Rita into thinking Justice slept with Nikki, making her jealous and angry with him. This effectively cools much of the desire on Rita\'s part to begin a relationship, although Justice remains cautiously persistent. After saving her from being run down by a taxicab, Maximillian gets a dinner date with Rita. Rita is highly impressed with Max\'s sophisticated and sensual manner  and begins to fall in love with him. While dancing with her, he bites her. Later the next day, Justice finds Rita in her apartment; Rita has been asleep all day with her apartment completely darkened. Justice informs Rita that Nikki has been found dead, and vows to help her understand her strange visions, as one of them had correctly foretold Nikki\'s murder. A shocked Rita tearfully forgives Justice, while berating herself for not listening to his side of the story, and is happy he is now beginning to understand her. The two friends then embrace. Rita takes the opportunity and begins to kiss Justice and the pair finally become highly passionate. However, the romantic activity begins Rita\'s transformation into a vampire, and just as she is ready to bite the unsuspecting Justice in the neck, she sees her reflection disappearing in her bedroom mirror - a sure sign that she is transforming into one of the "undead" . Horrified at what she has become, she races to Max\'s apartment to angrily confront him about the changes occurring in her. Max explains himself, and by doing so, Rita, who already blames his biting her neck for "turning" her, deduces that he is also responsible for all the murders she and Justice are investigating. Rita further finds out that Maximillian was sent to her by her father  Maximillian dying before the next full moon. Zeko gives Justice an ancient dagger with instructions to either kill Maximillian or risk being killed by Rita. By the time Justice reaches her, Rita is lying inside Max\'s coffin, almost completely changed into an evil vampire, and threatens to bite Justice. Justice and Max engage in a battle, which Justice becomes close to losing. He loses Zeko\'s dagger on the floor. Max encourages Rita to finish Justice off for good and complete the transformation. However , Rita ultimately rejects life as a vampire, and drives Zeko\'s dagger through Maximillian\'s heart, causing him to disintegrate; as her vampire self is heartbroken over the death of Max, she changes back into a normal human. Rita and Justice then embrace with a passionate kiss as they officially begin their romance. Meanwhile, Julius, now completely decayed, enters his master\'s limousine. He happens upon Maximillian\'s ring and puts it on, at which point he instantly transforms into a fully intact and well-dressed member of the undead . Overjoyed, he tells his uncle Silas, "There\'s a new vampire in Brooklyn, and his name is Julius Jones!"'] ['Ward stars as 1940s hardboiled private detective Phillip Lovecraft, in a fictional universe where magic is real, monsters and mythical beasts stalk the back alleys, zombies are used as cheap labor, and everyone — except Lovecraft — uses magic every day. Yet, cars, telephones and other modern technology also exist in this world.'] [" Shortly after renting an old country house, film star Paul Henderson mysteriously disappears and Inspector Holloway from Scotland Yard is called to investigate. Inquiring at the local police station, Holloway is told some of the house's history. He then contacts the estate agent renting the house, who elaborates further."] ['A teenager goes on a trip to Transylvania with his father and gets bitten by a werewolf. Made ageless, he attempts to put his life back together a couple of decades later by enrolling in high school. The basic premise of the movie is that he tries to keep his secret from the school and his girlfriend with comedic results. The movie was filmed partially at John Burroughs Senior High School in the city of Burbank, California, in the summer of 1979. A portion of this movie was also filmed on location in Lyndhurst, New Jersey, on the football field in Bergen County Park at the foot of Valley Brook Avenue and River Road. The stands were filled with everyone from the town, and the varsity football team of that year were featured.'] ['The film follows the inhabitants of a small rural town whose children are disappearing at an alarming rate and whose adults are simultaneously being killed in a ritualistic fashion. It is revealed early on that the kids are being inducted into a cannibalistic cult that live in the woods.Uncle Bob Martin: Suffer the Little Children The title is known mostly because of its brutal depictions of violence against children.'] ['Florence "Chicklet" Forrest , a Gidget-like character, experiences inexplicable blackouts, and fears that she might be the one responsible for a series of mysterious deaths in her beach-side town. The deaths are investigated by Captain Monica Stark , who also suspects Chicklet\'s mother , Chicklet\'s best friend Berdine , surfing guru The Great Kanaka  and B-movie actress Bettina Barnes . Florence is determined to learn to surf, and earns the nickname "Chicklet" from the surfer guys, all the while displaying multiple personalities. Other characters include university drop-out  Starcat , purported Swedish exchange student Lars , surfers Yo-Yo  and Provoloney , Starcat\'s girlfriend Marvel Ann ([[Amy Adams , whom he humiliates by accident when he rips off her bikini bottoms, leaving her almost completely naked on a beach, and the wheel-chair bound class "queen bee" Rhonda .'] ['The scene starts with a father of young Summer experimenting with his supernatural book. He was promptly interrupted by Summer who wish to have the attention of her father before going to sleep. When he asked him what bedtime story she would like to hear, she answers "A monster story." Denying her request, her father instead tell her about a story of a beautiful princess. When the child was asleep, the father went on experimenting his book and tried reciting some spells. To his demise, a portal opens with a demon that drags him to another world. Summer witnessed her father being dragged of through the portal. Presently, Summer is in custody and is being augmented by scientist. Jason was then shown complaining to a little girl about his ex-fiancée. ... [to be continued]'] ['Brinke Stevens and Michelle Bauer play sexy Tri-Delta sorority pledges who are constantly being followed and spied on by three nerdy frat boys. In particular, they are watched during a long, erotic shower sequence as well as a secret hazing ritual where the girls receive a humiliating spanking with a sorority paddle. The boys are soon caught sneaking into the sorority house by the den mother. The pledges are then ordered to steal a trophy from a local bowling alley aided by the unwanted boys. An accident during the robbery causes the trophy to break open, releasing an evil imp who wreaks havoc with his supernatural powers.'] ['The main story is centered on Aaron Quicksilver , a travelling showman who tells horror stories to the people he meets. He first runs into a newly married couple who are hitchhiking, to whom he tells the story Chattery Teeth, about a man who is saved from a dangerous hitchhiker by a set of wind-up toy teeth. He later runs into a pickpocket to whom he tells the story The Body Politic, a story about a man whose hands rebel against him.'] ['The film begins on a beach of the peninsula town of Port Gamble. A blind resident discovers a rotting zombie washed up in the sand, who wakes up. The blind resident\'s fate is unknown. On September 25, 2003, Iranian-American girl Frida Abbas  has returned to Port Gamble, her home town after dropping out of Princeton University. She runs into her neighbor, Joe Miller at a gas station with his wife, Judy, and their teenage son, Brian. The family mistakenly refers to her as an Iraqi, much to Frida\'s confusion. Meanwhile, gay couple Tom Hunt  and Lance Murphy  arrive in Port Gamble to tell Tom\'s mother that he is gay. While Tom and Lance explore the town, many island residents appear to have been zombified, including a police officer. Frida arrives at her house and finds her dad, Ali, praying. Ali lectures Frida that she should be more proud of her Iranian heritage. Frida sneaks out of the house with her boyfriend, Derek . Tom and Lance are having dinner with Tom\'s mom, who reveals that she was bitten earlier by a bystander at the store. While showing signs of infection, she goes into the kitchen to prepare dessert and Tom admits that he is gay while his mom becomes a zombie and tries to attack Lance. Lance pins her to the wall with a fireplace poker and discovers more zombies walking towards the house. The TV news reveals that Port Gamble is experiencing a bio-terrorism attack, which turns its victims into zombies. While Frida and Derek are outside, Derek\'s face is horrifically ripped off and eaten by a zombie. Ali leaves the house to look for his daughter, while Frida escapes from a group of zombies to her abandoned and surrounded house. Judy calls for her from her barricaded home. Frida and Judy hide in the basement with Brian and Joe; Judy is bitten by a zombie while helping Frida inside. While watching the news, Joe sees that a terrorist claiming responsibility for the outbreak is wearing the same necklace as Frida. He ties Frida to a chair and asks her questions about U.S. history, much to Brian\'s disgust. Tom and Lance find Mrs. Banks (a teacher, mayoral candidate, and Mayor Burton\'s . They run into the local church where Reverend Haggis , Mayor Burton, Larry, a married couple, a local senior woman, and another churchgoer are playing bingo. At first, the church folks do not believe Tom, Lance, and Mrs. Banks, but are quickly convinced when one of the churchgoers goes outside and they hear him screaming as he is slowly killed. They immediately begin to board the windows. Reverend Haggis believes that the zombies outside are a part of the apocalypse. Back in the basement, Joe nails Frida\'s foot to the ground and begins to move a flame from a blow torch towards her face when Brian smashes a hole in his father\'s head with a hammer. Brian is able to lift the nail out of Frida\'s foot just before he is attacked and eaten by the zombified Judy. The wounded Joe watches in disbelief as his wife devours Brian. As Mayor Burton starts to show obvious signs of infection, Mrs. Banks suggests quarantining him in a room, which causes Mayor Burton to rebel against her. Tom and Lance lecture Mayor Burton, which makes Reverend Haggis decide to turn Lance and Tom into straights by drugging them and making them watch gay "erotic" films, which appears to be a method similar to the Ludovico technique. Larry and the married couple go downstairs to assist Haggis in the process, locking themselves in the basement. Mayor Burton reanimates into a zombie and bites the senior woman\'s jaw off, leaving Mrs. Banks alone with the zombie. As Lance is being drugged, Tom threatens the group with Larry\'s gun and forces them to let Mrs. Banks in. Mayor Burton enters with her. Larry and the couple quickly run out of the church with Tom, Lance, and Mrs. Banks following while Reverend Haggis attempts to talk to Burton, but is beaten half to death using his own torn-off arm. Frida makes it home to her father, who turns into a zombie and she is forced to kill him. She prepares to commit suicide with her father\'s shotgun, but hears a helicopter. She runs out of the house into a playground full of zombies and the still-living Joe Miller. In a struggle, Joe tries to handcuff Frida to a slide but Frida breaks loose from his grip and handcuffs him to the slide and runs off. Joe cries that he\'s sorry and that he was stupid. Frida says that she forgives him but refuses to release him. The zombies devour Joe. Frida soon finds Tom, Lance, and Mrs. Banks and saves them from a zombie. They leave to find the helicopter where U.S. soldiers rescue them and take them to refuge. Six months later, Port Gamble is out of quarantine and begins to be repopulated. Mrs. Banks is now mayor of the town and Frida is running her deceased dad\'s diner. Tom and Lance visit her and propose that she stay with them in New York. She declines but promises that she will visit them soon. Tom and Lance leave the island while Larry and the married couple enjoy a meal at Frida\'s diner. The film ends with shots of a wall of remembrance and Mayor Banks putting a flower next to a picture of Burton.'] ["Belial returns in this sequel to Basket Case. Duane Bradly  and his hideously deformed brother are accepted into a family of special individuals under the care of Granny Ruth and her beautiful granddaughter. A snooping tabloid reporter and a sleazy photographer threaten to endanger the community's welfare. The two brothers join with the freaks to defend their privacy with a vengeance.DVD Covers: Basket Case 2"] ['Andy McDermott is a tourist seeing the sights of Paris with his friends Brad and Chris. When Serafine Pigot leaps off the Eiffel Tower just before Andy is about to bungee jump, he executes a mid-air rescue. She vanishes into the night, leaving Andy intrigued – and also unaware that she is the daughter of David Kessler and Alex Price, the couple seen 16 years earlier in the first film. That night, Andy, Chris, and Brad attend a night club called "Club de la Lune". The club\'s owner, Claude, is actually the leader of a werewolf society that uses the club as a way to lure people in to be killed. Serafine arrives, tells Andy to run away and transforms into a werewolf. The club owners transform into werewolves as well and butcher all the guests. Chris escapes, Brad is eaten by a werewolf and Andy is bitten by a werewolf. The next day, Andy discovers himself transforming into a werewolf. Brad\'s ghost appears to Andy and explains Andy\'s werewolf condition. In order for Andy to become normal again, he must eat the heart of the werewolf that bit him; in order for Brad\'s ghost to be at rest, the werewolf that ate his heart must be killed, too. Andy hooks up with an American tourist named Amy, but transforms and kills her. Andy also kills a cop who had been tailing him, suspecting Andy was involved in the Club de la Lune massacre. Andy is arrested but escapes. He begins to see Amy\'s ghost as well, and she begins trying to kill him. Claude and his henchmen ask Andy to join their society, but to prove his loyalty, Andy must kill Chris. Serafine rescues Andy, explaining that her father prepared a drug to control werewolf transformations, but instead the drug forces werewolves to immediately transform into their beast form. Claude and the other werewolves then raid Serafine\'s stepfather\'s lab and kill him, taking the drug to transform immediately. Serafine and Andy learn of another party Claude has planned and infiltrate it. They help the partygoers escape and Andy manages to kill the werewolf that ate Brad\'s heart, thus setting Brad free. The cops arrive and a fight ensues. Andy and Serafine manage to kill many werewolves, with Serafine shifting to her beast form to fight when she runs out of ammunition. Andy does not know she has transformed and shoots Serafine. Claude makes his way onto a subway train, but slips onto the tracks. A train slams into him, causing him to transform back to a human. He tries to take another dose of the drug, but Andy stops him. As they fight, Andy discovers that Claude is the werewolf that bit him. Andy then kills him and eats his heart, breaking the werewolf curse. By some miracle, Serafine survives. The film ends with Serafine and Andy celebrating their wedding atop the Statue of Liberty. They bungee jump off it as the credits roll. In an alternate ending, after Andy eats Claude\'s heart, Serafine has a vision of her father in the back of an ambulance. The alternate closing scene shows Serafine and Andy having a child, whose eyes shift to look like the werewolves\'.'] ["A woman, Sara , is being chased through the snows of Norway. She is ultimately cornered and eaten by zombies in World War II Schutzstaffel  uniforms. Seven students on Easter vacation arrive at a small cabin near Øksfjord. The cabin is owned by Sara, Vegard's  girlfriend. The group begins to drink and party until a mysterious hiker  arrives. He tells them the dark history of the region; during World War II, a force of Einsatzgruppe, led by Standartenführer Herzog , occupied the area. For three years the Nazis abused and tortured the local people. Near the end of the war, with Germany's defeat looming, the soldiers looted all the town's valuables. However, the citizens stage an uprising and ambushed them, killing many. The survivors, including Herzog, were chased into the mountains, and it was assumed that they all froze to death. The hiker then continues on his way. That night, Vegard wakes to a figure placing something beneath the floorboards of the cabin. He calls out, believing it to be Sara, but she ignores him and leaves. Vegard follows, and finds her outside covered in blood. Vegard suddenly jolts awake in his bed, revealing it was a dream. Meanwhile, the hiker has set up camp in the mountains and is eating dinner when he is disturbed by a noise outside. He investigates, and is attacked and killed by a zombie. The next morning Vegard, out looking for Sara, discovers the hiker's body. He searches the area, falls through the snow into a cave, and is knocked unconscious. After sunset, Erland  finds an old wooden box filled with valuables and golden trinkets. They celebrate, and one of them pockets a gold coin. They eventually return the rest of the treasure to the box. Erlend goes to the outhouse where he and Chris  have sex. Afterwards, Erlend return to the cabin, and drops a gold coin. Chris is attacked by a zombie, and killed. The others leave the cabin to look for her, and find Sara's rucksack buried in the snow. On returning to the cabin, they are attacked. Erlend is killed in an attempt to defend the cabin, and the others secure the building. Vegard comes around in the cave, discovering German firearms and helmets, as well as Sara's severed head. He is attacked, but escapes to the surface, where he is confronted by a zombie. Vegard stabs the zombie in the eye, but is knocked from the cliff side by a second assailant. Vegard is bitten in the neck by the zombie, whilst the two hang from the cliff using an intestine as rope. He climbs back to the snowmobile, stitches his wounds, and mounts a machine gun to his snowmobile. Meanwhile, the remaining four students decide to split up. The two men, Martin  and Roy , attempt to distract the zombies, while the two women, Hanna  and Liv , run for the cars and go for help. En route to the cars, the girls are ambushed. Liv is knocked out by the zombies and awakens to them pulling out her intestines. Using a hand grenade, she commits suicide and kills her assailants. Hanna leads a zombie to a cliff edge, breaks the ice, and they fall. The pair survive, and Hanna kills the zombie. Martin and Roy accidentally set fire to the cabin with Molotov cocktails. They escape, and arm themselves with power tools. More zombies attack, but they are aided by Vengard. During the attack Vengard is killed and Martin accidentally kills Hanna, who has returned to the cabin. Herzog arrives, leading a group of zombies. They attack, and Martin is bitten on the arm. To avoid becoming infected, he cuts of his arm with a chainsaw. After killing the remaining undead, Martin and Roy attack Herzog, who calls upon hundreds of zombies, that rise from under the snow. Whilst running from their attackers, Roy is hit in the head by a hammer, disembowelled by a tree branch, and killed by Herzog, who retrieves a watch from his pocket. Martin realises the zombies intent, and retrieves the box from the ruined cabin. He returns the box to Herzog, and escapes to the car. There, he finds a gold coin in his pocket, just as Herzog smashes the window of the car."] ["Kenneth Magee, a young writer, bets $20,000 that he can write a Wuthering Heights-caliber novel in 24 hours. To get in the mood for the undertaking, he goes to a deserted Welsh manor. Upon his arrival, however, Magee discovers that the manor is not as empty as he was told. Still there are Lord Grisbane and his daughter, Victoria, who have been maintaining the mansion on their own. As the stormy night progresses, more people come to the mansion, including Lord Grisbane's sons Lionel and Sebastian, Magee's publisher's secretary, Mary Norton, and Corrigan, a potential buyer of the property. After much coaxing, the Grisbanes reveal that they are here to release their brother, Roderick, who was imprisoned in his room for 40 years because he seduced a village girl when he was 14 and killed her when he found out she was pregnant. When they go to release him, they find the room empty and conclude that he broke out recently by breaking the bars in front of the window. Moments later, Lord Grisbane has a fatal heart attack. As Magee talks about getting the police, screams are heard and they find Victoria strangled to death. When Corrigan, Magee, and Mary decide to leave, they discover all of their cars have slashed tires. Soon, Diane and Andrew, a young couple who Magee met at the train station, arrive seeking shelter from the storm. They are soon killed when Diane washes her face with water that has been replaced by acid and Andrew drinks poisoned punch. The remaining five decide to find Roderick and kill him before he kills them. Magee, Sebastian, and Mary search a series of tunnels behind a bookcase. During their search, they get separated and Sebastian is hanged to death from the ceiling. Mary makes it back to Corrigan and Lionel while Magee remains lost in the tunnels. Corrigan soon reveals that he, in fact, is Roderick and that he escaped his prison decades ago, but returns every now and then to make them think he was still trapped. He then proceeds to kill Lionel with a battle axe and chase Mary throughout the manor. Magee soon finds then them and after the ensuing fight, knocks Roderick down the stairs; during the fall, Roderick accidentally stabs himself with the axe. As Roderick is dying, his victims suddenly walk into the room, very much alive; it is revealed that all it was a joke put on by Magee's publisher. The next morning, Magee finishes his novel and returns to give it to his publisher. When his publisher gives him his $20,000 he proceeds to rip it up, as he has learned that some things are more important than money."] ["The Katakuris are a four-generation family of failures: patriarch Masao Katakuri , his wife Terue , his father Jinpei , his formerly criminal son Masayuki , his divorced daughter Shizue , her child Yurie , and their dog, Pochi. The family uses the father's redundancy pay to purchase a large old home situated on a former garbage dump near Mount Fuji that they have named the ‘White Lover's Inn'. They have the intention of converting it into a bed & breakfast, since the road running nearby is supposed to be expanded up to the house, which would bring many guests and tourists. However, the road hasn't been expanded yet and the Katakuris subsequently have no guests. When one finally shows up, a TV personality, sans clothes, he subsequently commits suicide during the night, and the Katakuris make the decision to save their business by burying the body and concealing the death. The second guest, a Sumo wrestler, also dies of a heart attack during a tryst with his underage girlfriend, who also dies. Somehow, each of their guests ends up dead— by suicide, accident or murder— and pretty soon the bodies in the back yard begin to pile up. The Katakuris soon find themselves sucked into a nightmare of lies and fear . Meanwhile, the recently divorced daughter falls in love with Richard Sagawa , a mysterious British navy officer who looks suspiciously Japanese but claims to be the nephew of Queen Elizabeth II herself. Just when Richard bungles onto a clue that might lead him to uncover the string of disappearing guests, a nearby volcano begins rumbling to life."] ["While attending a preview of the film Stab, a film within a film based on the Woodsboro murders depicted in Scream, college student Phil Stevens and his girlfriend Maureen Evans, are both killed by Ghostface, though the onlookers at the theater witness Maureen's death and believe it to be a publicity stunt until she dies before them. The following day, the news media, including local journalist Debbie Salt, descends on Windsor College where Sidney Prescott now studies alongside her fellow Woodsboro survivor Randy, her boyfriend Derek, her classmate Mickey, and her best friend Hallie. Sidney receives prank calls, but is oblivious to the killings until someone tells her to watch the news. Two other Woodsboro survivors arrive at the campus: officer Dewey Riley to help Sidney, and reporter Gale Weathers to cover the case. Gale tries to stage a confrontation between Sidney and Cotton Weary - who is attempting to gain fame from his exoneration for the murder of Sidney's mother. Sidney angrily hits Gale. Later that night, Sidney unwillingly goes to a party with Hallie. At a sorority house, Ghostface kills fellow student Cici. He then crashes the party and attempts to murder Sidney, though Derek intervenes. The killer injures Derek, but Dewey and the police arrive, causing the killer to flee. The next day, Gale discusses the case with the police. Upon realizing that Cici's real name is Casey, she concludes that the killer is a copycat who targets students whose names are shared with the Woodsboro murder victims. While Gale is talking to Dewey and Randy on the campus lawn, she receives a call from Ghostface hinting that he sees what they are doing. Dewey, Randy, and Gale deduce that he is on the campus, watching them. They search for him, but Randy, who tries to keep the killer on the phone, is dragged into Gale's broadcast van and stabbed to death. In the wake of the escarlating murders, two officers prepare to take Sidney and Hallie to safety, but the killer ambushes them and kill the two officers. In the ensuing struggle, Ghostface is knocked unconscious. Sidney insists on seeing Ghostface's true identity under the mask, while Hallie insists they escape. Before they can see his face, Ghostface wakes up and kill Hallie. Sidney flees. Dewey and Gale review the tape of Ghostface killing Randy, hoping to find some clues, but the killer attacks them and seemingly kill Dewey. Gale hides and eventually escapes. Sidney finds Derek bound to a stage prop and is confronted by Ghostface. He reveals himself as Mickey and kills Derek. Mickey details his plan to be caught and become famous in the ensuing trial. He announces his accomplice, Debbie Salt, who arrives holding Gale at gun point. Sidney recognizes that Salt is actually Mrs. Loomis, the mother of Billy Loomis seeking revenge for her son's death. Mrs. Loomis betrays Mickey and shoots him. Mickey shoots Gale before he collapses. Sidney and Mrs. Loomis fight until Cotton intervenes and shoots Mrs. Loomis. As they wait to see if Mrs. Loomis is truly dead, they find Gale still alive. Mickey suddenly leaps to his feet and is shot to death by Sidney and Gale. Sidney then turns and shoots Mrs Loomis in the head, 'just in case'. When the police arrive, Gale finds Dewey to be injured but alive and accompanies him to the hospital. Sidney instructs the press to direct questions to Cotton, rewarding him with the fame he has been chasing while removing the attention from herself."] ['Dr. Frederick Frankenstein  is a respected lecturer at an American medical school and engaged to the tightly wound Elizabeth . He becomes exasperated when anyone brings up the subject of his grandfather, the infamous mad scientist. To disassociate himself from his legacy, Frederick insists that his surname be pronounced "Fronk-en-steen". When a solicitor informs him that he has inherited his family\'s estate in Transylvania after the death of his great grandfather, the Baron von Frankenstein, Frederick travels to Europe to inspect the property. At the Transylvania train station, he is met by a hunchbacked, bulging-eyed servant named Igor , who is there to drive Frederick in a wagon to the Frankenstein estate, but not before mocking Frederick\'s pretensions by insisting that his name be pronounced as "eye-gore." Accompanying Igor in the wagon is another servant, a lovely young woman named Inga . Upon arrival at the estate, Frederick meets the forbidding housekeeper Frau Blücher , whose name causes horses to rear up in fright. Though his family legacy has brought shame and ridicule, Frederick becomes increasingly intrigued about his grandfather\'s work, especially after Inga assists him in discovering the secret entrance to his grandfather\'s laboratory. Upon reading his grandfather\'s private journals, Frederick is so transformed that he decides to resume his grandfather\'s experiments in re-animating the dead. He and Igor resort to robbing the grave of a recently executed criminal, and Frederick sets to work experimenting on the large corpse. Matters go awry, however, when Igor is sent to steal the brain of a deceased revered scientist; startled by lightning, he drops the correct brain on the floor and instead returns with an "abnormal" brain (which he subsequently refers to as "A-b , which Frederick unknowingly transplants into the corpse. Soon, Frederick is ready to re-animate his creature , who is elevated on a platform to the roof of the laboratory during a lightning storm. Eventually, electrical charges bring the creature to life. The Monster makes its first halting steps, but, frightened by Igor lighting a match, attacks Frederick and must be sedated. Upon being asked whose brain was obtained, Igor confesses that he supplied "Abby Normal\'s" brain , whereupon Frederick attempts to strangle him. The townspeople are uneasy at the possibility of Frederick continuing his grandfather\'s work. Most concerned is Inspector Kemp , a police official who sports an eyepatch and monocle over the same eye, a creaky, disjointed wooden arm, and an accent so comically thick even his own countrymen cannot understand him. Kemp visits the doctor and subsequently demands assurance that he will not create another monster. Upon returning to the lab, Frederick discovers that Frau Blücher is setting the creature free. After she reveals the Monster\'s love of violin music, and her own romantic relationship with Frederick\'s grandfather, the creature is enraged by sparks from a thrown switch, and escapes from the Frankenstein castle. While roaming the countryside, the Monster has frustrating encounters with a young girl and a blind hermit ; these scenes directly parody the original Frankenstein movies. Frederick recaptures the Monster and locks the two of them in a room, where he calms the Monster\'s homicidal tendencies with flattery and fully acknowledges his own heritage, even shouting out emphatically, "My name is Frankenstein!" . Frederick offers the sight of "The Creature" following simple commands to a theater full of illustrious guests. The demonstration continues with Frederick and the Monster launching into the musical number "Puttin\' on the Ritz", complete with top hats and tails. Although the monster can only shout his song lines in painfully high-pitched monotones, he dances impressively with almost perfect timing. The routine ends disastrously, however, when a stage light explodes and frightens the Monster, who becomes enraged, pushes Frederick, and charges into the audience, where he is captured and chained by police. The Monster escapes, then kidnaps and ravishes the not unwilling Elizabeth when she arrives unexpectedly for a visit. Elizabeth falls in love with the creature due to his inhuman stamina and his enormous penis . The townspeople hunt for the monster. Desperate to get the creature back, Frederick plays the violin to lure his creation back to the castle. Just as the Kemp-led mob storms the laboratory, Frankenstein transfers some of his stabilizing intellect to the creature who, as a result, is able to reason with and placate the mob.  The film ends happily, with Elizabeth married to the now erudite and sophisticated Monster, while Inga joyfully learns what her new husband Frederick got in return during the transfer procedure .'] ["Fuad Ramses III  returns to Miami to reopen his grandfather's defunct catering company. This arouses the interest of the local sheriff , who holds Fuad's family reputation in ill favor. Fuad is soon, however, asked to cater the sheriff's wedding by his mother-in-law, Mrs. Lamply , and fiancee, Tiffani . After finding his grandfather's statue of Ishtar, an Egyptian goddess, in a utility closet, he becomes possessed by her evil spirit. He then goes on to create the 'blood feast' his grandfather failed to do, by killing young women in the area and making them into party food for the wedding."] ['Doctor Marek  is shocked when his beloved nurse, Mima , signs a contract with foreign car manufacturer Ferat to work as a rally-driver. Rumours abound that the Ferat sports car runs not on petrol, but on human blood.'] ["Freddie Franklin  and Peter Patterson  are Americans who are stranded in Cairo, Egypt. They happen to overhear Dr. Gustav Zoomer  discussing the mummy Klaris, the guardian of the Tomb of Princess Ara. Apparently the mummy has a sacred medallion that shows where the treasure of Princess Ara can be found. The Followers of Klaris, led by Semu ([[Richard Deacon , overhear the conversation along with Madame Rontru , a business woman interested in stealing the treasure of Princess Ara. Pete and Freddie go to the doctor's house to apply for the position to accompany the mummy back to America. However, two of Semu's men, Iben  and Hetsut , murder the doctor and steal the mummy just before Pete and Freddie arrive. However, the medallion has been left behind and is found by Pete and Freddie, who attempt to sell it. Rontru offers them $100, but Pete suspects it is worth much more and asks for $5,000, which Rontru agrees to pay. She tells them to meet her at the Cairo Café, where Pete and Freddie learn from a waiter that the medallion is cursed. They frantically try to give it to one another , until it winds up in Freddie's hamburger and he swallows it. Rontru arrives and drags them to a doctor's office to get a look at the medallion under a fluoroscope. However, she cannot read the medallion's inscribed instructions, which are in hieroglyphics. Semu arrives, claiming to be an archaeologist, and offers to guide them all to the tomb. Meanwhile, Semu's followers have returned life to Klaris. They arrive at the tomb, where Freddie learns of Semu's plans to murder them all. Rontru captures Semu, and one of her men, Charlie , disguises himself as a mummy and enters the temple. Pete follows suit by disguising himself as a mummy, and he and Freddie rescue Semu. Eventually all three mummies are in the same place at the same time, and the dynamite that Rontru intends to use to dig up the treasure detonates, killing Klaris and revealing the treasure. Freddie and Pete convince Semu to turn the temple into a nightclub to preserve the legend of Klaris and the three criminals who wanted to steal the treasure are presumably arrested."] ["The story is a retrospective, from the point of view of pit reporter Heather Vantress, who sits and remembers the horrors of the previous summer, the friends she made—few of whom survive. At first, the deaths that occur at the Warped Tour are ascribed by Lyman to negligence at the climbing wall or security being too hard on the kids. However, when Simple Plan's guitarist, Jeff Stinco, is impaled on a bass guitar, this is harder to explain away. The deaths continue to mount. Heather is suspicious that a bandanna-wrapped, goggle-wearing, sword bearing killer who seems responsible for many of the deaths, might be Lyman. Her suspicions are substantiated when he is seen dragging away a blood-daubed punk rock girl, who feebly protests that she is not dead and is promptly killed by Lyman for her trouble . The dead kids are apparently being used at the commissary to feed the bands and tour staff. Still, Lyman can't possibly be responsible for all the deaths, ranging from Bert McCracken of The Used to dozens, if not hundreds of fans. Despite this, and despite the continuing attrition of members of Simple Plan , the show must go on. Meanwhile, Belial is becoming increasingly concerned about the deaths of his bands, and sends two of his henchmen to scope out the situation. They find that the remaining members of Simple Plan and The Used have combined to form a new band, Simply Used . The new band and the henchmen are promptly electrocuted by the killer. Deprived of most of its headliners, the tour limps on until finally, all the fans and most of the bands are killed in the destruction of the Tour venue in Asbury Park, New Jersey--what is seen is the implosion of Philadelphia's Veterans Stadium. Heather goes to New York to confront Belial, who claims to be unable to retrieve the demonic powers he gave Brutal Enigma. But Heather and Kevin are able to stop the killers, who turn out to be zombies. The Tour will go on—next year—with the headliner the fictional band Atticus, given actual life thanks to Belial."] ["While working in the church, Grace  finds a hidden crypt. While exploring she discovers a voodoo book, however she is soon sent away by Father Cornelius . Grace's son, Nathan  attends the local high school, with his friends Henry  and Diggs . Nathan likes his long-time friend Jessica  however is too scared to ask her out, in case he is rejected. Also in the school are popular girls Charlotte , Glenda  and Cheryl . Cheryl pursues Nathan, despite already having a boyfriend, Samson , who confronts Nathan along with his womanising friend Kenneth  after seeing Cheryl talking to Nathan. Meanwhile, Henry and Diggs, fed up with Nathan not asking out Jessica, force the pair to meet after school. While Nathan waits for Jessica, he writes a note about what he will say to her to ask her out. Meanwhile, Jessica's over-protective father forbids her to leave, but she sneaks out. Nathan becomes impatient due to Jessica's lateness and leaves before Jessica arrives; she reads the note; however, through a misunderstanding, Nathan believes Jessica is with Kenneth. Nathan goes home and contemplates hanging himself in his room. Just as he dismisses the idea, Grace enters and knocks the chair over Nathan is standing on, causing him to be hanged. Grace returns to the church and performs a ritual from the book, which brings Nathan back to life. The ritual seems to have gone well, despite Nathan not remembering what happened, however Father Cornelius soon warns Grace that the book was damaged and those who are resurrected by it have the urge to eat human flesh. At school, Nathan hears Kenneth lying about what happened with Jessica the previous night to Samson and another friend, Shane . As Jessica attempts to ask Nathan out, he turns her down, thinking what Kenneth said was true. As the day progresses, Nathan slowly succumbs to the symptoms of the book. At night, everyone heads to a school disco, where Cheryl makes out with Nathan, before he runs away. Samson follows him and begins to fight him for what he did with Cheryl. Nathan soon becomes more zombie-like and bites Samson before returning home. As Samson becomes a zombie, he attacks Shane and infects him, before more pupils and students are also infected. Jessica goes to Nathan's house to sort things out, but Nathan warns Jessica away from him, realizing something is wrong with him. The next morning, Grace tells Nathan what happened. Nathan realises that Samson is infected and tries to get the police to help capture him, but he is ignored. Returning home, Grace locks Nathan in the garage and starts to search for something to help him recover. Meanwhile, Charlotte has also become a zombie and infects Kenneth. Cheryl and Glenda go to a local bar, where they witness a zombie attack. Henry and Diggs also witness a zombie attack in the video shop. Henry and Diggs hide, and see that most of the town have been infected. They phone Jessica and tell her to lock herself inside her house. Henry and Diggs travel to Nathan's house and free him, before setting off to Jessica's. However, on their way they crash their car and have to continue on foot. Jessica is attacked by zombies in her house, including Samson, but she overpowers them and manages to escape. Grace goes to the church, but is attacked by Father Cornelius. He is soon bitten by a snake in the crypt, revealing the snake's venom is the cure to the infection. She takes the snake and leaves. Outside, Cheryl and Glenda are hiding in the graveyard. They encounter the infected Charlotte who bites Glenda, allowing Cheryl to get away. Nathan finds Jessica in a barn beside her house, where Jessica tells Nathan that she never did anything with Kenneth. Meanwhile, Henry and Diggs arrive at Jessica's house, followed by Cheryl who is being chased by a group of zombies. They hide in a cupboard in the house until night time when they try to escape. As they go outside they are saved by Nathan, however a group of zombies close in on them, but Jessica manages to kill them with the aid of a tractor. The survivors hide in the barn, but Samson and Shane get in and infect Cheryl. The others manage to escape to a platform, but are now trapped. They pour gasoline onto the barn floor, before Grace arrives with the snake. However, the snake escapes and the zombies begin to attack Grace. Natahan saves Grace, allowing her to escape, and also kills Samson. Nathan soon completely succumbs to the ritual, and becomes a zombie. As he is about to attack his friends, the snake bites him. The zombies quickly attack Nathan and he is caught in the fire that Jessica has egnited. Jessica, Diggs and Henry leave, and soon discover Nathan survived the fire, who finally asks Jessica to go out with him, to which she answers yes."] ['Set sometime in the mid to late nineteenth century in New England, the film tells of unscrupulous undertaker Waldo Trumbull , who murders people in their own homes in order to keep himself in business and to have enough money for drink. One night, after the widow of his last victim absconds to Europe without paying his fee, Trumbull and his reluctant assistant Felix Gillie  decide to murder their money-grubbing landlord, Mr. Black , who is said to have bouts of death-like sleep, something that Trumbull and Gillie are unaware of. Black seemingly dies of a heart attack after discovering Gillie , but revives in the funeral parlor\'s cellar. After a prolonged chase and struggle to keep Black inside a coffin, Trumbull knocks Black out with a mallet to the head and places the supposedly deceased Black in his family crypt, returning home to celebrate his new-found wealth. However, Black awakes again, escapes from the coffin and crypt and returns to the funeral parlour, quoting random lines from Shakespeare\'s Macbeth . Humorous events follow as Black chases Trumbull and Gillie around the house with an ax before  being shot and  killed by Trumbull after a lengthy monologue. Gillie elopes with Trumbull\'s neglected wife, and Trumbull is left a depressed heap on the floor. Hinchley , Trumbull\'s father-in-law, appears and gives Trumbull some "medicine" . The "medicine" works as intended and Trumbull drops dead as Hinchley makes his way back to bed, oblivious to the fact he has just committed murder. At the end of the film, Black exhibits an allergic reaction to Cleopatra the cat, indicating that he is still alive.'] ['Two men are hunting in the jungle of Cameroon when one from another group of two people calls and says that his guide is missing. Then one can hear on the radio that someone is being attacked by what sounds like a wild animal. A human-like creature rips the leg off of one of the men. A protagonist finds his brother dying. Years later, the man\'s nephew Derek is going up to his stepfathers cabin with Sam and his 4 other friends. They spend 5 hours finding the cabin, but finally find it. The werewolf shows up and first kills one of the couples outside having sex. It then breaks in a locked room then rapes and kills the last girl. It kills everyone except the fraternity pledge and his girlfriend. The two of them go back to civilization and start to suspect that Derek\'s stepfather is a werewolf. Shortly after they try to find facts for why they believe that the stepfather is the werewolf. Because of this the main character\'s uncle dies and the wolf then goes after Derek and Sam He kidnaps Sam and demands Derek to meet him in the cabin that night, alone. A group of other teenagers go to the cabin because "it\'s the place where the students got murdered" and the werewolf kills them one at a time. Derek and Sam fight with silver knives on arrows to try to kill the werewolf. Eventually, he is set on fire and the cabin burns down. Derek and Sam embrace, but the werewolf is not dead and bites the boy saying "my curse is now yours" and dies. Derek worries about his future, but Sam promises to stick by him whatever happens, and they drive off together on her moped. After the credits end the wolf is shown moving his fingers slightly.'] ["The film begins like a '80s comedy with teens looking to purchase some marijuana but turns into comedy/horror genre when a drug dealer is pushed into the river and becomes a zombie."] ['Alison  is a cheerleader at Lindo Valley who is grappling with feelings of inadequacy. Alison, along with her flirtatious boyfriend  and fellow cheerleaders, attend Camp Hurrah, a cheerleading camp, with hopes of winning the All State finals. Alison is haunted by nightmares of murders that soon manifest themselves into reality. After discovering several people murdered at the camp, Alison soon begins to think that she is the killer.[[New York Times] Review Summary]'] ['{{plot}} While Earl and Val became wealthy with their discovery of the Graboids, Earl lost most of his fortune. Earl is approached by two men, Grady Hoover and Señor Ortega. Ortega knows that Earl and Val dealt with the Graboids previously. He informs Earl that there are more of them killing workers at the Petromaya Oil Field; he needs help to dispose of them. Earl refuses, horrified at the prospect that there are more of the creatures that almost killed him. Grady tells him that Ortega will pay him $50,000 for each graboid. Earl agrees to eliminate the Graboids, and Grady accompanies him. On their way to the Petromaya Oil Field, Earl and Grady are introduced to Pedro, the company\'s chief engineer and Kate Reilly, a geologist. Ortega brings Earl and Grady a few cases of dynamite and an CAR-15. A man named Julio introduces a seismic monitor that will show Grady and Earl where the Graboids are. Grady builds a chain with a few empty aluminum cans attached to it to attract the Graboids. Earl and Grady kill 16 Graboids using dynamite strapped to remote-control toy cars. Another Graboid snags the chain Grady hooked to the back of the truck. The Graboid begins dragging them across the field. When the Graboid snaps the chain Earl sees more Graboids approaching on the seismic monitor. Earl calls up Burt Gummer, an old friend of his who helped him take down the Graboids with Val. Burt comes in with an army truck filled with explosives and weapons. The group splits up to kill more of the Graboids. Earl and Grady see another Graboid on the seismograph. Oddly, the Graboid is moving away from them, so Earl and Grady investigate. Upon reaching the top of a hill, the Graboid surfaces. In a panic Earl backs his truck down the side of the hill and into a pile of rocks, breaking an axle. They see the Graboid has not moved. Earl and Grady wait for Pedro to bring the Graboid back to the refinery. The Graboid makes loud, painful noises, and Grady and Earl see some of the insides of the Graboid are missing, leading Earl to believe that something emerged from it. While Earl tries contacting Kate over the radio, he notices that the radio\'s transmitter has been damaged, then he and Grady hear another Graboid making a noise just like that of the one they encountered earlier. Grady sees Pedro\'s truck coming up the road only to stop. When Earl and Grady walk to the truck, they see it is damaged and all that is left of Pedro are his severed arms. Earl decides to call for help by hiking to a nearby radio tower. Burt has become worried that his monitor is showing no Graboids and begins returning to the refinery. When Grady and Earl reach the radio tower they find it has been damaged. Earl spots a car near a small bar that Grady tries hotwiring. The two hear a strange noise coming from the bar, then see a creature resembling a smaller two-legged Graboid, dubbed a "Shrieker", emerge from the bar. Grady and Earl kill it, but three more Shriekers come for them. They drive the car back to the refinery. As Burt is trying to get back he is ambushed by Shriekers. Kate, unable to contact anyone, grows worried. Julio agrees to find them. As he is about to leave a Shrieker devours him. Grady and Earl kill the Shrieker that killed Julio and reunite with Kate. As they are about to leave another Shrieker appears and begins damaging their car\'s engine, but Earl kills it. Burt arrives with his truck damaged from the Shriekers that attacked him. He shows them a Shrieker he caught alive, unaware that another Shrieker has stowed away underneath his truck. The four discover that the Shrieker hunts by using a heat sensor on top of its head, explaining why the Shriekers attacked the cars and the radio tower. When it consumes a piece of food it creates another Shrieker. While enjoying this spectacle, Kate, Earl, Grady and Burt are ambushed by Shriekers. The group plans to drive off with Julio\'s car, but another Shrieker is blocking their path. Burt uses his .50 BMG rifle to kill it, but the bullet goes through the Shrieker and damages the engine block of Julio\'s car. More Shriekers trap Grady, Earl and Kate on top of an oil tower and Burt in the bucket of a tractor. The Shriekers start jumping onto each other\'s backs to reach Grady, Earl and Kate. Burt makes the Shriekers chase him into the storage compartment where his truck is. He is able to lock a door and close a garage, trapping them. However, this proves to be problematic as the garage is filled with food and allows the Shrikers to reproduce at a rapid rate. Earl sprays himself with a fire extinguisher to make him cold so that the Shriekers will not see him, so that he can reach Burt\'s bombs. As he is walking the frost from his body dissolves and the Shriekers see Earl in Burt\'s truck. Earl sets off a timed charge and throws it in the back of Burt\'s truck. Grady, Burt and Kate pull him out with a hose, and the four run from the refinery. The bomb detonates the explosives in Burt\'s truck and destroys the refinery, killing the Shriekers. Grady tells Earl that the Petromaya corporation owes them for 28 worms they killed. As they walk towards the remains of the refinery, Earl suggests they charge the corporation for the Shriekers they killed. When Grady says that they can open up their own Monster World, Earl says, "No way.", but Grady says, "Oh, C\'mon, Earl. This could be like your big third chance".'] ["Two college students, Keith and AJ, want to hire a stripper for their college initiation party, so they go to a dark, seedy part of town to look for a good candidate. They visit a nightclub in a barren, desolate, no-mans land section where the police rarely patrol. The men do not realize that the club is run by blood thirsty, ruthless vampires and that vampires and psychopathic albino gangland thugs prowl the alleys. They prevail on a loner named Duncan , to loan them his car, but he insists that in order for them to leave campus, they must become his best friends for the week and take him with them. They eventually agree and leave in his flashy red four door Cadillac sedan. After the vampire Queen Katrina  first seduces AJ  playfully at first after he takes off his shirt and lies back on a plastic covered love seat lounge, by licking his chest and rubbing him up and down. She then transforms and, while holding his arm down to keep him from fighting her off, proceeds to savagely bite into his throat and viciously drink his blood as he screams. Finally he fades into death and his body becomes still. Katrina laughs evilly in victory over his body. Keith  tries to locate AJ, but cannot. After a bit of searching around town where he notices some of the oddities of the patrons, he does find AJ dead in a dumpster. However after some time, he see him alive again in the dressing room of the club. The stripper with him attacks Keith forcing AJ to kill her. However he reveals he too now is a vampire, likely resurrected to kill Keith. But soon his love for his best friend overcomes his urge to kill him and turning a formica stake into his own chest, he buys Keith time to get out of the lair of vampire strippers, throwing him the car keys and giving him a few methods to kill off any attackers. Keith finds one potential ally; a waitress named Amaretto  who claims she knows the two men from grade school. Finally, Keith and Amaretto  manage to escape up a manhole cover to reach safelty. As they near safety, Katrina, now in full vampire form grabs Amaretto, and threatens to kill her. Keith, a marksman with a bow and arrow takes aim, brings in the daylight and he destroys Katrina. When Amaretto and Keith try to get out of the sewer, Katrina's so called lover  threatens to kill them in revenge for destroying Katrina, but AJ returns to save them both by killing him with a stake to the heart from behind. AJ then explains that the wooden stake which was used on him earlier was actually formica. As Keith and Amaretto climb out into the now risen sunlight, AJ has to remain below them in the dark sewers since he's still a vampire despite killing the master, making him the sole survivor of Katrina's undead coven and leaving him stuck as a vampire though he doesn't seem to mind. As Keith and Amaretto walk onward, with AJ following below, the people of the area start to go about their daily personal business."] ['A very disfigured Paul  escapes from the creek and wanders through the woods, leaving pieces of his own flesh in the way. When he finally makes it to the highway, his body explodes when he is hit by a school bus. His remains are checked by Deputy Winston Olsen , the local policeman from the previous film. Winston assures the shocked bus driver that he had hit a moose. The creek Paul was lying in was connected to a bottled-water company and the infected water was distributed to the local high school. John , a senior at the high school, is deciding whether to go to prom with his long-time crush Cassie  or stay home. His friend Alex  is against going until he hooks up with a girl named Liz . She then says if she can get off work that night, she\'ll meet him there. John asks Cassie to go to prom but she refuses. Meanwhile, Winston is at a restaurant where a worker from the bottled-water company dies from the infection. He then realizes the creek got heavily contaminated and goes to the water plant to tell the officials that the water is contaminated. The worker he informs is quickly killed by a group of CCD  soldiers in NBC suits. Winston leaves before they can get to him. At the high school the infection begins to spread slowly. Alex is disappointed that Liz didn’t come, while John gets into a fight with Cassie\'s boyfriend Marc . Principal Sinclair ([[Michael Bowen  then kicks John out. Cassie follows him and John confesses his love to her. Frederica  dies in the swimming pool from the infection and Rick  is killed when he drowns after hitting his head on the side of the pool and falling in. CCD then force John and Cassie back into the school. The CCD locks all of the main exits from the school and kill Principal Sinclair when he demands to know what is going on. The infection then begins to kill the students in the gym at an alarming rate. Sandy , the most popular girl in school is also murdered. The gym is then gassed from the outside. Cassie, John, and Alex watch in horror as all the students are killed. Winston is picked up by his cousin Herman , ready to leave town. Alex discovers he is infected and that the disease is incurable necrotizing fasciitis. The only way to stop the infection is to amputate the infected limb. However, Alex\' infection is already too severe and he stays behind. John begins to show signs of the infection too and lets Cassie amputate his hand to stop it. Cassie\'s boyfriend Marc then comes out of nowhere, hits Cassie with a hammer, and tries to kill John but Cassie kills him with a nail gun. The two leave the school only to be ambushed by the CCD. John stalls them, allowing Cassie to escape. She finds herself on the highway and stops Herman\'s van. Winston and Herman take Cassie with them, not knowing she is possibly infected. The end of the movie shows Alex\'s date Liz at her workplace. She is a stripper at Teazers. She spreads the infection to her customers, who in turn spread it further around the country and even to Mexico. She arrives home later that night, sick, and goes to bed, thinking "I should\'ve fucking gone to prom." After the credits, Dan and Darren are shown watching TV and Dan says "Prom blows."'] ["Benedict High School's cheerleaders aren't shy and sweet. The football team knows them well - and Billy, the school's disturbed janitor, would like to. In the locker room, the girls shower and dress, unaware of the evil eyes which secretly watch them. They don't know that a curse has been placed on their clothes. And they don't know that their trip to the first big game of the season might sideline them for eternity. Will the cheerleaders succumb to the dark ritual of sexual sacrifice and death that's been plotted for them?"] ['Schlock, a prehistoric apeman who falls in love with a teenage blind beauty and terrorizes her Southern California suburb. Schlock is no ordinary simian; he possesses some very unusual skills. Among other things, he plays the piano and gives TV interviews. In this hysterical spoof of early monster movies and missing-link science fiction films, John Landis pays homage to the monster movies of the past with irreverent humor and wacky hijinks.'] ["Aspiring screenwriter Edgar Allen  arrives in Hollywood carrying his most valuable possessions: a battered suitcase and a typewriter. Edgar Allen's best attribute is his wild imagination. He imagines scenes so vividly for the murder mystery he is writing that they seem to come to life...and they do! As mysterious gruesome murders pile up, Edgar Allen must confront aging actresses, rock stars and the police in a bleak setting of broken dreams and hideously broken bodies in Hollywood. As the line between reality and imagination becomes more blurred, Edgar Allen, convinced the only way to be a real writer is to suffer, is driven slowly mad."] ['Vampires are finding their own undead bodies being mutated by the pollution of the host\'s blood, tainted with hard drugs and sexually transmitted diseases, alcohol, diabetes, anti-depressants, and cigarettes: substances that change the blood and makes it undrinkable for vampires. The scarcity of good blood has incited an underground civil war between various groups of vampires. A clique of 4 vampires, led by Benedict , struggle to find sustenance by seeking victims with untainted blood. The group is being stalked by a samurai sword-wielding vampire-killing Priest , who leaves a note on the bodies of slain vampires in the form of a playing card inscribed with the words "Live Evil". In order to survive both their race\'s own fierce infighting and the biological pollution found in human blood, the group desperately seeks out Max , a "blood pusher" who steals from hospital blood banks to offer the freshest and purest blood around. But they may not have time to enjoy it, because the vengeful Priest is hot on their trail.<ref namehttp://www.dreadcentral.com/news/32439/live-evil-coming-theatres-this-september | titleDread Central | dateAugust 17, 2011}}<ref namehttp://twitchfilm.com/news/2007/05/teaser-trailer-for-jay-woelfels-live-evil.php | titleTwitch Film | dateAugust 17, 2011}}'] ['When his gorgeous fiancée "goes to pieces" in a freak lawnmower accident, aspiring mad scientist Jeffrey Franken is determined to put her back together again. With the aid of an explosive superdrug, he sets about reassembling his girlfriend, selecting the choicest bits from a bevy of raunchy New York prostitutes. But his bizarre plan soon goes awry. His reanimated girlfriend no longer craves his body... she craves every body! And, for money, she\'ll love anyone... to death!http://www.hkflix.com/xq/asp/filmID.539743/qx/details.htm'] ["Marie  is a very appealing modern-day vampire in Pittsburgh, with a moral code that limits her bloodsucking to the criminal elements of society. However, when she feasts on a vicious gang boss, Salvatore 'The Shark' Macelli , and fails to complete the job properly - by not severing his spinal cord, he, too, becomes one of the undead and begins to pass his newfound powers on to his henchmen. With the help  of undercover cop Joseph Gennaro , Marie sets out to put things right."] ['A southern town is simultaneously attacked by a UFO and zombies . A government agent  parachutes in to investigate reports of UFO sightings. Upon arriving, he finds zombies springing from the graveyard. He is killed by one of them . From here, the movie splits into four main stories.  Three men must defend their hunting club from attacking zombies, which can only be killed by head wounds. The men encounter the zombies outside their hunting lodge, but having neglected to bring any guns with them, they split up in the woods in an attempt to escape. Two of the men make it back to their hunting lodge and begin firing on the zombies. One of the men try to contact the sheriff\'s office, but the sheriff is out and they are advised by an agent from the Department of Home Land Defense to shoot the zombies in the head and avoid being bitten. The third man is wounded and makes it back to the lodge after his two friends have dispatched the zombies. His friends ask him what caused his wound and he claims he ran into a tree, when in fact he was bitten by a zombie. The men leave the woods to help defend the town. Eventually, the two non-infected friends are forced to kill the wounded man when he begins to show signs of infection. Lee, one of the remaining men, goes to a grocery store, where he is accused of being a zombie himself. The grocery store employees begin brutally beating him, which is eventually fatal. His friend  walks by the store and witnesses what is happening to him, but is too late to stop it. He goes to a strip club. The strippers have been zombified and chase him out, but he learns they are afraid of the dark. After calling the local radio station with this information, he returns to his house, which his two daughters have been left to defend alone. Keith takes his daughters and the secretary from the police station and her ex-boyfriend with him and they flee the town in Keith\'s SUV. However as they are leaving the town, Keith\'s youngest daughter states that she is hungry and wants something to eat. Keith promises her they will get some food soon. But she grabs Keith\'s hand and bites him, and the SUV careens off the road.  A man is found naked in the graveyard, looking for his car and girlfriend after being briefly abducted by aliens. He goes to the police station, where he is able to find a pair of pants, and meets up with a group of a couple other guys and the secretary of the police station. He and she go off into town, do very little, and ultimately ending up at the same house as the man in story 1.  The town\'s preacher is attacked by a zombie in his church and is forced to kill the zombie while sustaining a bite wound on his hand. A worried woman asks him to give an impromptu sermon later in the day to comfort the people of the town. The preacher then goes and looks for some alcohol to dull the pain in his hand. However he lives in a dry county. The preacher is forced to steal some liquor from a party being hosted by a pushy woman who borrowed folding chairs from him earlier in the day. The woman tries to stop him but he bites her, and is then horrified by his newfound bloodlust. Later, he gives his flock the requested sermon in the form of an angry rant. He tells his flock that they should not expect the comfort and answers that they seek, when they can\'t even be bothered to attend regular services. Then he tells them that this is the end of the world, and he states he has no answers and shows them the wound on his hand. A zombie walks in and then the preacher kills the zombie, protecting his flock when, yet again, they show themselves to be incapable or unwilling to act for themselves. The preacher then asks God to forgive him and shoots himself in the head and splatters his blood on a woman of his congregation, and she screams. This ends the preacher story thread.  The scene opens on Chuck sleeping on the floor of his store, "Chuck\'s Super Video World". He is awakened by one of his customers banging on his front door trying to return a DVD because the drop-box is full of anti-Hollywood pamphlets. The two men have a discussion about wide-screen vs. full-screen, and to make his customer happy, Chuck lets him have a free rental of the full-screen version of Citizen Kane. Chuck then hears something in the back of his store and goes to investigate the noise. He finds nothing at first, but then a zombie grabs him and pulls him back into the store. The zombie and Chuck fight briefly, and Chuck knocks out the zombie with a VCR to the head. The VCR then ejects Chuck\'s missing copy of Night of the Living Dead. Chuck attempts to contact the chief of police but he is out of town, and the secretary asks him to call back on Monday when the chief returns. Chuck then calls his mother and asks her how to get blood out of his t-shirt because he got blood on himself while fighting the zombie, and after she gives him a brief history of stain removal, she reveals that hydrogen peroxide works best. Chuck tells his mother what happened and makes plans to dispose of the corpse. Chuck loads the zombie into his truck and takes it to the police station and leaves it there with a post it note on the head with his name and number on it and instructions for the police chief to contact him on Monday when he gets back. Chuck leaves to go to breakfast and becomes aggravated when the restaurant he chooses doesn\'t have any Coke but offers him Pepsi instead. Chuck is next seen eating his breakfast as the character Chris sits down and starts talking to him about the corpse that Chuck left at the police station when Barbara, the secretary at the police station, calls looking for Chris. The two men go to the cemetery to look for Barbara\'s car which was taken by the agent from the Dept of Homeland Defense. They get to the cemetery and find the agent and Michael, and give them both a ride back to the police station. Everyone decides to try to find Barbara\'s car while Chuck volunteers to stay behind in case someone calls the police station. Chuck kills time by smoking some confiscated marijuana and waiting for the college football game to come on. Chuck watches TV while waiting for the game to come on and is upset when the game is preempted for a news report about the zombies in town. The newscaster then calls the police station and gets Chuck. The newscaster assumes that Chuck is a cop, but Chuck corrects him and then asks the newscaster to put the game back on, but the newscaster is persistent and gets Chuck to talk about the zombies. After telling what he knows about the zombies, Chuck again tries to get the newscaster to put the game back on; unfortunately it does not work, and the news broadcast continues. Later Chuck finds out from a radio broadcast that the zombies are afraid of the dark and waits for night to fall before trying to make his escape. Chuck is the last character seen alive and he is about to leave the police station to make a run for it, when he hears that the game is about to be broadcast. Chuck checks his watch and sees that he has enough time to watch the game, and sits down to watch as the movie ends and the credits roll.'] ["{{advert}} A secret government lab run by Dr. Stravinsky  has been trying to create the ultimate killer using the DNA of infamous killers Jeffrey Dahmer  and John Wayne Gacy , but there's one big problem: they've escaped. Bloody mayhem stretches across the United States as they go on the ultimate killing spree. Trying to stop the maniacal madness is Ringo , a hick warrior being trained by God , using only a shotgun and a bottle of whiskey. In his road trip to hell, he must first fight off his own demons, not to mention an army of Japanese ninjas and a super serial killer . It all leads up to the ultimate showdown."] ['María Nicolasa Cruz is doña Clarita\'s loyal indigenous maid. However, meanwhile doña Clarita is dying, she is leaving behind a large monetary estate, a mansion, properties, and Mimí: her affectionate Shih Tzu dog. María is with doña Clarita during her last moments, albeit her sister Paz, brother Marciano, nephew Braulio, and grandsons Raul and Laura are waiting anxiously downstairs for her death, believing they will inherit all her riches. Doña Clarita finally dies at the hand of a corrupt doctor employed by doña Clarita\'s relatives, and María inconsolably goes downstairs to the living room to deliver the news. As expected, María finds none of doña Clarita\'s relatives mourning her death. Believing she is of no use anymore, doña Clarita\'s relatives  fire María, therefore she decides to return to her native hometown. Marciano, Paz, Braulio, Raul, and Laura meet with the notary to hear Doña Clarita\'s will. To everyone\'s surprise, the will only mentions Mimi , and Maria as her guardian. The family members go back to stop Maria from leaving the mansion. The "zopilotes"  convince Maria to stay in the mansion to take care of Mimi as her new guardian. The "zopilotes" try several times to kill Maria along with Mimi but all attempts failed. Until Marciano feeds Mimi a piece of meat with an explosive inside. Before Mimi eats it, Maria takes it from her and cooks it for the afternoon meal. Braulio, unfortunately, receives the piece of meat and after cutting it, the explosive goes off. Mimi ears were gravely affected. The doctor advises Maria to go on a vacation with Mimi - to Doña Clarita\'s old vacation house in Guanajuato. Upon arrival, Maria and Mimi are scared by the butler Franki who guides them through the haunted house. Both Maria and Mimi survive two scary hands, a cyclop, a giant talking frog, a fern monster, a werewolf, and many more horrific things. To Maria\'s surprise, she discovers that those scary characters are the "zopilotes" They catch them and put them in a squishing torture machine. Maria and Mimi, on the verge of death, are saved by Franki who was a detective investigating Doña Clarita\'s murder - committed by her family members. Maria with all these surprises asks Franki, whose real name is Maldonado, permission to faint on the floor. As she does, Marciano, Paz, Braulio, Raul, and Laura end up arrested for homicide.'] ['Edward Tor Swenson  is a film cutter for the Loose Limbs horror film series. He slowly goes insane editing the gory scenes and goes on his own rampage as Evil Ed, beating the friendly filmgeek Nick  up, taking his girlfriend hostage and having a shootout with special forces lead by Gert Fylking.'] ['During the 1970s, Elvis Presley  grew tired of the demands of his fame and switched places with an Elvis impersonator named Sebastian Haff . It was Haff who eventually died in 1977, while the real Elvis lived in quiet, happy anonymity and made a living pretending to be himself. After a propane explosion destroyed documentation which was the only proof that he was actually Elvis, he was unable to return to his old lifestyle. A hip injury during a performance causes him to get an infection and slip into a coma. Twenty years later, in an East Texas nursing home  as the film opens, he is contemplating his age, frailty, loss of dignity, impotence, and "A growth on [his] pecker". Elvis\'s only friend is a black man named Jack  who insists he is President John F. Kennedy, claiming to have been dyed black after the assassination, and abandoned by Lyndon Johnson in a nursing home. The truth behind his identity remains unclear, but Elvis does spot a mysterious scar on the back of Jack\'s head. It could be from the head wound seen in the Zapruder film, but then it might not be. Eventually, Elvis and Jack face off against a re-animated ancient Egyptian mummy that was stolen during a U.S. museum tour, and then lost during a severe storm in East Texas when the thieves\' bus veered into a river near the nursing home. The mummy strangely takes on the garb of a cowboy and feeds on the souls of the residents of the home. It is dubbed \'Bubba Ho-Tep\' by Elvis, who is given a telepathic flashback of the mummy\'s life and death when he looks into its eyes. The slow, plodding mummy is a real and credible threat, as instead of going against young adults who could potentially outrun it, the mummy gives chase to the elderly heroes who lack mobility and need a motorized wheelchair and a walker to get around the grounds. Elvis and Jack create an elaborate plan to destroy the mummy. Destruction of the mummy would release the trapped souls of their dead friends, and they would be able to go to their final resting place. Elvis and Jack battle the mummy in the middle of the night, with Jack in an electric wheelchair and Elvis wielding a makeshift flamethrower. Jack is knocked out of his wheelchair by the mummy and is about to have his soul sucked. Elvis hops in the wheelchair, zooms into the mummy to save Jack, and damages the flamethrower, getting a large gash in his abdomen in the process. Jack dies from a heart attack. Elvis becomes committed to getting rid of the mummy, and he throws the gasoline on him and then throws matches at him, killing the mummy. Elvis lies on a hill near the river bank, dying from the blood loss from the gash and broken ribs. He talks in his mind about how he doesn\'t fear death, knowing that he still had his soul and that he saved all of the fellow people at the Shady Rest Retirement Home. As he reflects upon this, the stars align into a message for Elvis saying "all is well". With a dying "Thank you, thank you very much," Elvis passes away.'] ['Eight months after the events of Re-Animator, Dr. Herbert West  and Dr. Dan Cain  are working as medics in the middle of a bloody Peruvian civil war. In the chaos of battle and with plenty of casualties to work on, they are free to experiment with West\'s re-animation reagent. When their medical tent is stormed by the enemy troops, West and Cain return home to Arkham, Massachusetts. There, they resume their former jobs as doctors at Miskatonic University Hospital, and West returns to the basement laboratory of Cain\'s house to continue his research. Using parts pilfered from both the hospital\'s morgue and from the cemetery conveniently located next door, West discovers that his reagent can re-animate body parts by themselves. He becomes determined to create an entire living person from disparate body parts. West discovers the heart of Megan Halsey, Cain\'s fiancée, in the hospital morgue. With the promise to use her heart to re-animate a new Megan, West convinces Cain to help him with his project. Also stored in the morgue is the rest of the evidence from the previous "Miskatonic Massacre". Inside, pathologist Dr. Wilbur Graves  discovers a vial of West\'s reagent and the severed head of Dr. Carl Hill . Using the reagent, he re-animates Hill\'s head. Meanwhile, police officer Lt. Leslie Chapham  begins investigating West and Cain. He bears a grudge against the pair, as they were the only unaffected survivors of the Miskatonic Massacre; the dead body of Chapham\'s wife was re-animated into a crazed zombie during the incident. Chapham suspects West and Cain were responsible. When he stops by their house to question them, he discovers West\'s corpse-filled lab and the two get into an ugly confrontation. A fight ensues and West ends up killing Chapham by means of cloth treated with a chemical which causes cardiac arrest when inhaled . West then re-animates the police officer with the intention of covering up his crime. Chapham violently wanders out of the house and into the cemetery next door.  Hill also bears a grudge against West, as West was responsible for his decapitation; the destruction of his body; taking away Megan, with whom he was obsessed; and having better theories about reanimation than himself. Using hypnotic powers, Hill commands Chapham to force Dr. Graves to stitch bat wings onto his neck, giving him back his mobility. He also extends his mental control to all of the zombie survivors of the Miskatonic Massacre. When one of Cain\'s patients, the beautiful Gloria , dies, West collects the last piece he needs for his creation: her head. With a complete body stitched and wired together, West and Cain inject the re-animation reagent into Meg\'s heart. While waiting for the reagent to take effect, a package is delivered to their house. West retrieves and opens it. From inside, Hill\'s winged head flies out. Simultaneously, all of the zombies he controls break into the house. West retreats back to the basement lab, where his creation, the Bride, has awoken. A catfight breaks out between the Bride and Cain\'s current girlfriend, Italian journalist Francesca Danelli , whom he met in Peru. Cain rejects the Bride\'s love and sides with Francesca. Heart-broken, the Bride rips Megan\'s heart out of her own chest and then literally falls to pieces. West diagnoses this as tissue rejection. Hill and his zombies force West, Cain and Francesca to retreat through the wall of the lab and into a crypt in the neighboring cemetery. Inside, all of West\'s prior test subjects arise and make their way towards him, stopping only when Herbert commands them to. The unstable crypt begins to collapse, trapping Hill, West and the zombies. Cain and Francesca manage to escape the debris and claw their way to the surface of the cemetery together. Hill, stuck in the debris, laughs manically, while Megan\'s heart, still in the hand of the bride, stops beating. <!--'] ['The film takes place in a 1950s-esque alternate universe where radiation from space has turned the dead into zombies. This resulted in the "Zombie Wars", where humanity battled zombies to prevent a zombie apocalypse, with humanity the ultimate victor. The radiation still plagues humanity, as all those who die after the original contamination turn into the undead, unless the dead body is disposed of by decapitation or cremation. In order to continue living normal lives, communities are fenced with the help of a governing corporation named Zomcon. Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control the zombies\' hunger for flesh so as to use them as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, whose name is a reference to the town in the original 1968 Night of the Living Dead, housewife Helen Robinson  buys a zombie in spite of her husband Bill\'s  zombie phobia, as Bill has had bad experiences with zombies having been a veteran of the Zombie Wars. Their son, Timmy , befriends the zombie, naming him "Fido" . One day, Fido\'s collar malfunctions and he kills their next door neighbor, who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor later, but not before she kills and infects another person, causing a small outbreak. Zomcom security forces quell the situation and then investigate what caused the outbreak. When a pair of local bullies are blamed for the missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Fido escapes and runs to find Helen, who comes and rescues Timmy from the bullies , and they try to forget about the whole thing. Several days later, the neighbor\'s body is found and the murder is traced back to Fido, who is taken away to Zomcon where the public is told he will be destroyed. Timmy learns through Cindy Bottoms , daughter of Jonathan Bottoms , Zomcon\'s abusive security chief, that Fido is simply working in a factory at Zomcon. Timmy sets out to rescue him with the help of Mr. Theopolis , previous security chief of Zomcon who was forced into early retirement when it was discovered he was found guilty of fraternization with his female zombie, whom he has remarkably preserved well to retard her decaying process, thus giving her a relatively attractive appearance. Meanwhile, Timmy locates Fido, but is captured by Mr. Bottoms, who attempts to throw Timmy into the zombie-infested "wild zone" that exists outside of the fenced communities. Bill comes to the rescue and is killed by Mr. Bottoms, who in turn is killed by Fido. Timmy is set free and the news media propagandizes that the Zomcom security breach was the fault of rednecks who venture out into the wild zone to hunt zombies for fun. Helen finally learns not to belittle Bill\'s bad experiences from the Zombie Wars by paying for a headless funeral in order to prevent his zombification. The film ends with Fido as a surrogate father and husband, Timmy, Helen and Helen\'s newborn baby by Bill as a new family. They, along with a few neighbors happily enjoy their new domestic lives together, including the zombified Jonathan Bottoms who is now more attentive to his daughter.'] ["{{plot}} When Curt Reynolds  steals his father's security key card, he and his girlfriend, Julie Walker , decide to explore the military base where his father works. Using the card, they sneak into a hangar and observe Curt's father, Col. John Reynolds , Col. Peck  and Lt. Col. Sinclair  overseeing an experiment with a corpse. The corpse is exposed to Trioxin gas. The Trioxin, re-animates the corpse into a zombie. The military intends to use zombies in warfare as expendable soldiers. Sometime later, Col. Reynolds informs Curt that they'll be moving again  and Curt refuses. Angrily, he storms out of home, riding off on his motorcycle with Julie. While speeding down the road Julie playfully grabs Curt's crotch causing him to lose control of the motorcycle. He veers into the path of an oncoming truck, swerves and slams strongly into the road guard rail. Julie is thrown from the bike and into a telephone pole, the impact breaks her neck and kills her. Distraught, Curt brings Julie's corpse back to the military base. Using his father's key card, and uses the Trioxin gas to reanimate her. This leads to a story of Julie & Curt dealing with the effects of Julie being dead, not feeling pain, a need to feed, and what to do about her condition."] ['When Max Taylor  wins the ancestral home of Callum Chance  in a game of poker, little does he realise that the game is far from over. After moving into the ancestral home with his family the nightmare begins after Max spins a wheel of chance, . It lands upon lose, and this awakens a demonic creature that lives in the soil of the ancestral home. Soon, one by one, Max\'s family are murdered by this strange creature known as the Funny Man , a Mr Punch-like jester with a varied and imaginative repertoire of homicidal techniques and a highly irreverent sense of humour. This sense of humour is shared with the audience. He is the only character that addresses the audience directly, as in a pantomime. He kills off Max\'s wife and both kids in gruesome yet humorous ways. Meanwhile Max\'s brother, Johnny Taylor , is on his way to the mansion with a bunch of hitchhikers who will be lucky to survive the night. Among the hitchhikers is a voodoo woman  who after using tarot cards later learns about the awakening of the Funny Man. At first, after arriving at the ancestral home, everything seems fine. But the Funny Man has made his targets, and his evil game has begun. It soon becomes a Scooby-Doo Rock\'n\'Roll madhouse with bizarre scenes, gruesome kills and lots of humorous moments. "Just remember, there\'s no rest for the wicked."'] ['A group of scientists, led by entomologist Dr. James Atherton , head to the Amazon with the hope of discovering new species of insects and arachnids. After descending into an enormous sinkhole, they approach a tree, and set up collectors on the ground. The team then blows smoke up into the canopy of the tree, and await for the results. Slowly, creatures start falling from the sky, including a variety of bugs. One of which is a very aggressive new species of spider which  carries a type of venom that causes near-instantaneous death to its victims. The spider is captured and chloroformed for research; and is later revealed to be lacking sex organs, thus making it a drone, or soldier. A nature photographer, Jerry Manley ,who has been suffering a fever since travelling to the area, takes a rest under the tree where the spider was found, and a fertile male "General" spider jumps into his backpack, later sneaking into his sleeping bag and biting him on the hand. Jerry promptly has a massive tetanic seizure from the venom and dies. The remainder of the scientists take his body back to the United States, in a wooden box, with the original spider from Venezuela inside, blaming Jerry\'s death on the pre-existing fever. Jerry\'s body arrives at the funeral home in his home town, Canaima, and the mortician Irv Kendall  does not notice the spider inside the coffin when he opens it. He is disgusted to find Jerry\'s body desiccated, completely drained of bodily fluids. As Irv is speaking on the phone with the Manley family about funeral arrangements, the spider heads outside, only to be picked by a bird. But before the bird gets back to its nest, the spider manages to bite it, and it falls to the ground, right in front of the barn of the Jennings family. Ross Jennings  is a family physician, who had moved to the small town from San Francisco, and faces a lack of patients due to elderly rival Sam Metcalf ([[Henry Jones , who was supposed to retire and shift his patients to Ross, but decided to maintain his practice. The spider mates with a domestic house spider and makes a nest in Jennings\'s barn, producing hundreds of infertile, but still deadly, offspring. Ross, along with his son Tommy , has arachnophobia , making them targets of ridicule among Molly  and Shelly . His first patient and new neighbor, Margaret Hollins , dies after being bitten. The town\'s residents believe that she died from a heart attack despite Ross\' suspicions that something else was at work since she seemed to have had seizures before her death. After a football player is also killed by a spider, a death which is attributed to a football injury, Ross is known to the town as "Dr. Death", having all his patients coincidentally dying after having seen him. Soon, Dr. Metcalf himself is bitten on the toe, has a seizure and dies. As with Margaret, the initial suspicion is a heart attack, but Ross now has the idea that the town could be infested by deadly arachnids. After Ross and the county\'s coroner Milton Briggs  perform an autopsy on the victims and confirm Ross\' suspicion that the deaths were caused by spider bites, he, along with Dr. Atherton, his assistant Chris Collins , Briggs, Sheriff Lloyd Parsons  and exterminator Delbert McClintock  investigate and eventually discover that the killer spiders are descendants of the new species James discovered earlier and, due to being born a mixed breed, have a short life expectancy. Atherton tells them that the spiders are soldiers, eliminating potential threats for the general spider. He also informs that the general spider also produced a queen, which it likely mated with to produce a second nest, guarded by the queen, which could produce fertile offspring. Atherton elaborates that, due to the constraints of the spider\'s original habitat, it was left unable to expand its territory; however, now that such constraints have been eliminated, the spiders can progressively expand their territory, possibly culminating in their worldwide dispersal. With these revelations now at hand, the group sets out to destroy the second nest and kill the queen and general. Atherton is bitten on the arm and killed by the general after he discovers the first nest\'s location and disturbs its web while trying to capture it. After Ross, Chris and Delbert trace the nests to Jennings\' own property, Ross sends Delbert to destroy the first nest at the barn while he and Chris try to help the family escape from their own house. Spiders begin to appear all over the house as Ross enters. Molly, the children, and Chris make it out through the window, but Ross finds himself trapped until he falls through the floor into his wine cellar, which turns out to be the spiders\' second nest. Outside, a fully equipped Delbert makes his way to the house and begins to exterminate the baby spiders. Back inside, after electrocuting the queen, Ross battles the general, attempting to destroy the second egg sac along with burning the spider to death with an aerosol can and a lighter. However he becomes trapped underneath fallen debris and when the spider is about to deliver the killing strike Ross flings the spider into the fire with a board that has fallen on his chest. When the egg sac hatches, the general, now entirely engulfed in flames, jumps out of the fire, refusing to let Ross leave the basement alive. Ross shoots it with his nail gun and the projectile sends the burning spider into the nest\'s egg sac, effectively destroying the nest with fire and ending the plague. Delbert is able to reach Ross and get him to safety. Having enough of the country along with the near-death experience, the Jennings family immediately move back to San Francisco, appreciating city life once more, despite minor tremors disrupting them.'] ["A shy and timid man who lives with his mother buys a plant he thinks talked to him. His loneliness is very apparent in the way he tries to turn the plant into a friend. Well, the plant is carnivorous and can talk with a woman's sexy voice. Henry, the protagonist, now has two joys in life. One is being a voyeur  and the other is his new plant friend. Soon he discovers the plant likes bugs . Eventually the plant wants to try a delicious woman, like in the pictures Henry has hanging in his room. One day, Henry's mother breaks into his room thinking to confront him with a woman and all she can find are Henry and the plant. But soon the plant eats her and discovers that women are really tasty. When detective O'Columbus shows up, the plant discovers she does not like eating men, just women. Eventually the plant experiences urges and Henry finds a male specimen. The male eats men while the female eats women. One woman is willing to end Henry's life of virginity but accidentally gets eaten. Henry is broken and tries to kill himself while the plants get passionate with one another. Henry is too clumsy to succeed and changes his mind when he sees all of the little baby plants."] ['This movie takes place in a mall where two young men and other people work. They do not seem to get along very well due to a lack of customers. One night the two young men give an apparently dying businessman a soft drink, which is in actuality an experimental Iraqi biological weapon that turns him into a flesh-eating zombie. Returning to the mall, the man escapes and begins infecting the population, forcing a small group of misfits to band together in order to survive.'] ["{{Plot}} The film opens with an animated prologue revealing the origins of leprechauns, stating that they were summoned by a king to protect his gold. After the death of the king the Leprechauns returned to their places of origin, all except one  who remained in the mortal world and through the ages slowly became corrupted and obsessed with the treasure he still guarded. In the present, Father Jacob  is chased through the construction site of the youth center he had planned on building by the Leprechaun, whose gold Jacob had taken to fund the building project. Using four-leaf clover laced holy water Jacob manages to banish the Leprechaun, summoning demonic hands which drag him underground, but soon after drops dead of injuries inflicted by the Leprechaun during the fight. One year later, two friends, Emily Woodrow  and Lisa Duncan , have their fortune told when the clairvoyant Esmeralda  who warns them that they will attain great wealth soon, but it must be denied as it will come at a great price and summon a terrible evil. While having a barbecue at the abandoned youth center construction site with Lisa, their stoner friend Jamie Davis  and her ex-boyfriend-turned-drug dealer Rory Jackson , Emily falls through a hole and discovers the Leprechaun's gold in an old tunnel where it was hidden by Father Jacob. Evenly splitting up the gold, the quartet of friends use it to fulfill their fantasies, unaware that by taking the gold they have released the Leprechaun, who begins stalking the group . At the salon where Emily works the Leprechaun sneaks in and, after killing a regular customer, Doria, on the massage table by breaking her neck, attacks Emily, who barely escapes and warns Rory and the recently released Jamie, who rush to get to Lisa's. In her house, Lisa is attacked by the Leprechaun and manages to fight him off for a short while, but is killed when the Leprechaun claws her in the stomach, with her friends finding her body moments later. While Emily and Jamie want to return the gold, Rory does not and takes off with it; shortly after realizing Rory is gone, Emily is attacked and chased outside by the Leprechaun, but is saved when Rory has a change of heart and comes back for her. Searching for Rory the Leprechaun stops by his house and kills Rory's profligate girlfriend Chanel  by tearing out her upper jaw, reclaiming the gold she used to make a tooth while Rory and Emily are stopped and harassed by Officers Thompson  and Whitaker . After the Leprechaun appears and kills the two officers, Emily and Rory escape and regroup with Jamie, only to be confronted by a machine gun wielding group of Rory's drug-dealing rivals, led by Watson  and Cedric . Planning on executing Rory for infringing on their territory, Watson and his gang are all disposed of by the Leprechaun, while Emily, Rory and Jamie drive off in Watson's car  and go looking for help from Esmeralda. Advised to use four-leaf clovers against the Leprechaun by Esmeralda, Rory laces the hollow-point bullets of his gun with clovers Jamie finds in the marijuana Rory had earlier sold him. When the Leprechaun arrives, Rory shoots him several times with the clover bullets, only for his gun to jam before he can finish the Leprechaun off. Rory and Emily are given the chance to run with the gold when the Leprechaun is distracted by Jamie, who is quickly wounded with a baseball bat to the leg, and Esmeralda dies in a magical duel with the Leprechaun. Followed to the roof of the building, Rory tries fighting the Leprechaun and is knocked out, though before the Leprechaun can kill him, Emily taunts him by throwing some of his gold into nearby wet cement and lures him into the ruins of the youth center, where she tosses his gold into a furnace before knocking the Leprechaun in with it. Believing the Leprechaun is dead, Emily returns to Rory, only for the recovered Leprechaun to renew his attack on them. Knocking Emily off the roof and leaving her barely holding on, the Leprechaun taunts her, but is shot several times in the middle of his speech by Rory, who had fixed his gun. Shooting the Leprechaun repeatedly, Rory runs out of bullets, but distracts him long enough for Emily to hit the Leprechaun with the chest of coins, sending him plummeting off the rooftop and into the wet cement below, where the Leprechaun sinks and becomes trapped with his gold. The movie then cuts back to the animated prologue like the one at the beginning, and the Leprechaun digs himself out of the ground, leaving a cliffhanger ending."] ['A motorbike gang kills an occultist with a crossbow during a satanic ritual. An evil spirit inhabits a damaged bike. Noddy is then seen purchasing that very motorcycle for the price of £1100 from a dealer, but he tells Kim he only paid £600. He proceeds to take it home and fix the damaged caused by the crossbow, by replacing the fuel tank, with his friend, Buzzer, and girlfriend, Kim. Buzzer steals the petrol cap for "funsies" but then the bike kills him by decapitation. It is revealed to the audience that the vehicle has become a bloodthirsty monster. Noddy goes to the scene of the crime where he meets an inspector who smells like garlic. Later, Noddy has a bad dream that the inspector gives him Buzzer\'s head in a bag and it talks at him but then he wakes up. Then he goes back to sleep and dreams Buzzer is a poo that jumps in his mouth and starts asking how he is. Noddy wakes up again and is chewing his duvet. Noddy and Kim go to the pub and order a large vodka tonic and a pint of cider. Then ten of the bikers from the beginning come in and shoot the bar with the crossbow. One then offers to show Kim his "chopper" while she is playing pool. She declines, claiming not to have brought her magnifying glass. He then proceeds to unsheathe an axe and attack the pool table and moving onto plates, starting a bar wide brawl of 10 bikers against our protagonists. Kim manages to slip out the front and drive the bike round the back of the pub where Nobby jumps on it from the first floor and then gets shot with a crossbow bolt. They then have Chinese. When Kim orders garlic prawns, the bike goes mad and drives off with her. It takes her under a bridge, throws her off and makes advances on her, until it notices the crucifix around her neck. It drives off back to the pub where Chopper attempts to steal it but the bike stabs him through the leg with a large metal spike, then launches him at some graffiti artists. It then proceeds to exact its revenge on the rest of the gang, decapitating the majority and leaving only Roach with a bolt inserted into his posterior. Noddy then finds out Kim has been taken to hospital where she describes the bike\'s advances with a hollow look in her eyes. It is then seen that the inspector is looking at some heads. Noddy then goes to a priest, who also has a motorcycle. There is then several crucifix wipes as they travel to the garage where the bike is kept. The priest is sarcastic and does not believe Noddy. Not wanting to be taken into the sunlight, the bike uses its brake to injure the priest\'s hand. Determining the bike is a vampire, the priest decides to do an exorcism. Believing the bike will come back for Kim, the priest gives her a crucifix and garlic. The priest throws a shuriken at a fly whilst planning the exorcism and exclaims "Right. Let\'s go kick some bottom!". The vampire bike stops Noddy and the priest on the way home by disabling the bike they are riding, so they decide to call a taxi but instead wait for a bus. It is a race against the sun to get to the vampire bike before nightfall when it will be free to roam once more. During the exorcism, the priest is hit in the head with a wrench and Noddy is blown around the room by a mysterious wind, knocking him into cupboards. The priest is then crucified with a crown of barbed wire. Believing to have successfully vanquished the demon, the priest sprinkles holy water, but that only makes the bike angry, growing spikes and glowing red. Noddy runs off and steals a police motorcycle, dragging the policeman behind him, who is almost run over by the vampire bike. The bike is chased by a police car, while the priest attempts to explain it to the authorities and Kim is washed, having her garlic removed. The bike evades the police by driving vertically down a wall and goes to the hospital to finish off Kim but not before cleaving the tea lady in two. Kim uses her crucifix to scare it away, so it goes after Roach, passing the priest and inspector in the corridor of the hospital. Roach crashes while fleeing and lands in a coffin. He is presumed dead. The bike then goes for Noddy but gets its front wheel stuck in a bridge, giving Noddy the chance to throw it in a river and spit. Thinking he is safe, Noddy has a victory smoke, but the audience sees a red-light under the water. Noddy then sees it and screams and runs around like a lunatic. He hides in a gym, but the bike doesn\'t take long to find him and start attacking the patrons with its spikes. Noddy then bashes the bike, which feigns death, making everyone feel safe, until it starts throwing people\'s limbs in the air. The inspector scares it with his smell. The bike manages to trap Noddy against a wall, but is stopped when Noddy turns on a sun bed. Everyone uses their crucifix and/or garlic breath to force it into the light and it melts. Kim asks how much Noddy really spent on the bike and the priest says they are usually reliable. Back in Noddy\'s workshop, he accidentally cuts his hand and the blood drips onto the bike\'s old fuel tank which springs open, leaving the audience begging for a sequel.'] ['Peter Loew , is a driven literary agent, who is slowly going insane. He works all day, and club hops at night, with little in his life but one night stands and the pursuit of money and prestige. He sees a therapist  frequently, and during these sessions, his declining mental health becomes clear through a series of increasingly bizarre rants that eventually begin to scare even his psychiatrist. Loew meets Rachel  at a night club, and takes her home. She pins him down, reveals fangs, and feeds on him. He soon begins to believe that he is changing into a vampire. He stares into a bathroom mirror and fails to see his reflection; he wears dark sunglasses during the day; and, when his "fangs" fail to develop, he purchases a pair of cheap plastic vampire teeth and uses them to attack a woman at a nightclub. All the while, Rachel visits him nightly to feed on his blood. A subplot concerns a secretary working at Loew\'s office, Alva Restrepo . Loew torments her by forcing her to search through an enormous file for a 1963 contract. When she fails to find the contract, he at first browbeats and humiliates her, then visits her at home, and finally attacks and attempts to rape her. Later, Loew has a brief, ambiguous encounter with Rachel in a club: she admits to knowing him, but gives the impression that they have not been in contact for a long period. He accuses her of being a vampire, and is expelled from the club. Loew wanders the streets in a blood-spattered business suit, talking to himself, and using his now disastrous apartment as a vampire\'s cave where he hides from the sun by crawling under an upturned sofa. In a hallucinatory exchange, he tells his therapist that he may have murdered someone, and may have raped his secretary. Alva, however, believes she has been raped, and Loew is soon killed by Alva\'s brother.'] ['In 1950s Sydney, Shirley and her gang discover that aliens have attacked Australia but no one believes them. Shirley is assumed to be insane and is committed to a lunatic asylum.'] ['In the quiet mining town of Prosperity, Arizona, an accident involving a rabbit causes a barrel of toxic waste to land in a reservoir. An exotic spider farmer named Joshua  has been making regular visits to the site, where he collects crickets for his spiders. Although the spiders have ingested the toxins, he is oblivious since the arachnids seem unaffected. Joshua shows Mike , a local boy, his collection, which include Jumping spiders, Trapdoor spiders, Tarantulas, and Orb-weaver spiders, including a female named Consuela. After Mike leaves, Joshua is bitten by an escaped tarantula and accidentally knocks down the spider cages. He is killed by the spiders and, after devouring him, the spiders grow to even huger proportions. On his way home, Mike is accosted by his mother, Sheriff Sam Stroud  and Deputy Pete pulling the toxic barrel out of the pond. Wade, the Mayor of Prosperity, is holding a town meeting in the mall about whether they should sell the mines and relocate. Chris McCormick , whose father owned the mines before he died ten years ago, shows up and stands against Wade\'s proposition. Chris also sparks a romance with Sam. Meanwhile, Harlan Griffiths , an eccentric extraterrestrial enthusiast, is broadcasting his theory that various missing pets around town have been abducted by extraterrestrials. Inevitably his theory is dismissed as the product of a deranged imagination. Mike sneaks out on foot and finds Joshua and the spiders missing, the farm covered in webbing, and the dead body of Joshua. Although he sees an enormous spider shadow in the mines and tells Chris that the spiders have grown to enormous sizes, based on a giant spider leg he found at the mine entrance, Chris disbelieves his story. Meanwhile, the mines have reopened with the miners searching for a famous gold lode. One miner is eaten by a gigantic spider, whose clan have made the mines their home. Seeing as the entire town is connected in some way to the mines, spiders show up in many different places. Deputy Pete Williams  cat has a fight with one of the spiders in the air vents before being eaten and some of the ostriches on Wade\'s farm are devoured by Trap Door Spiders, Ashley breaks up with her boyfriend Bret, and he and his motorcyclist friends are chased by jumping spiders, with him being the only survivor, accidentally cutting off the telephone line and being stuck in the mine. Chris finds out that his Aunt Gladys and her dog are abducted by a male orb weaver in their basement. Sam is convinced Chris and Mike are delusional. However, her skepticism fades and she realizes that Chris and Mike were right all along when she witnesses a giant male orb-weaver attempting to abduct Ashley , her daughter and Chris; Sam saves them both. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, gets a good peek at the giant Consuela during her feeding. Sam contacts Pete and tells him to bring all guns in the police station\'s possession and they escape to Harlan\'s trailer, knowing he has a radio station that he operates from within his trailer. As Sam broadcasts the threat over the radio, a giant tarantula, the "tank" of the horde, assaults the trailer but they manage to escape. As the town is besieged by vicious spider hordes, many people are eaten, Chris tries to convince Harlan that the spiders are "from Earth" but ends up convincing him that they are "Spiders from Mars" to make him happy, Sam tells everybody to evacuate to the mall. Chris, Sam, Mike, Ashley, Harlan, Wade and many other townspeople all escape and barricade themselves in the mall  and defend themselves from the spiders. Meanwhile, Harlan and Chris climb onto the roof and ascend the radio mast and try to get a signal to call the army as they are being attacked by the spiders, but are believed to be pranksters. Harlan jumps from the roof, after the tarantula breaks open the gates and lets the spiders enter the mall, and lands in some bushes, where he meets up with Pete. The two run from spiders as Chris meets up with the remaining townsfolk and goes down to the basement. Meanwhile Bret, still wandering the mines, encounters the cowardly Wade before his abduction. While the townsfolk are in the basement, Bret arrives on a forklift that brings down the locked gate, and they all head to through the mines straight to the front entrance, discovering the methane-filled tunnels. After losing Norman and freeing Wade, Chris goes to look for his Aunt Gladys in the mines and finds her and the gold his father was searching for, but is confronted by the gigantic Consuela. He uses perfume to distract the spider and the escapes using Bret\'s motorcycle. Chris then blows up the spiders and the mines utilizing Gladys\'s smoking addiction and the high concentrations of methane gas. The police finally arrive. They had not believed the reports of the spiders but believed Harlarn\'s theory that the assailants were extraterrestrial in nature, until Pete tells them that the assailants were "just spiders, that had ingested extremely high levels of toxic waste." He tries to show this is true by showing his head, thinking  that his hair grew back, but unfortunately it did not. As the story ends, Harlan is heard making a radio report about the spiders. He concludes that the town has decided to cover up the whole incident, but have let Harlan continue broadcasting the incident, knowing nobody will believe him. He also mentions Chris reopening the gold mines and putting everyone back to work, but tells us "that is another story altogether." As the camera zooms in close on his mouth, it is clear that he now has three gold teeth.'] ['Archie Andrews is a vegan kindergarten teacher who buys products from Lorraine\'s vegetarian road side stand. He is developing an engine that runs on wheatgrass with no results until he accidentally cuts his finger and the blood falls in the wheatgrass, which filters to the engine and then causes it to run. Andrews then tests his car out and offers a ride to Denise, who runs a meat stand and is a rival to Lorraine. After Denise expresses an interest in Archie , he drives her home, but runs out of fuel. Archie turns to hunting animals, but they do not provide sufficient blood. He turns to larger prey such as predatory people, and eventually, settles for any victim after rebuilding a more efficient blood engine. The government, which has been tracking Archie\'s progress, eventually offers him any position he wants, provided he can create more "Blood Cars" after the original is destroyed, and his existence is erased. Archie is concerned where the fuel for the new cars will come from, and the federal agents promise him it will come from invalids, convicted criminals, and the homeless. Archie agrees. Images of Archie\'s rise as President are cut with the government agents murdering Lorraine, Denise, his kindergarten students, and anyone that saw him developing the Blood Car.'] ['The film is a comedy which uses satirical and Ealing-style humour. Depicting life amongst the Asian community in Britain, it is set in the London suburb of Southall. Mrs. Sethi  is a widow living in Southall who wants to marry off her only daughter, for she is alone and unhappy. Her daughter, Roopi,  is a little plump and opinionated. Mrs. Sethi finds that all her matchmaking efforts are rudely rejected. She avenges this behaviour toward her daughter by murdering the failed dates using her culinary skills. A police hunt begins for a serial murderer using a killer curry.{{cite news}} Mrs. Sethi does not feel guilty until the spirits of her victims come back to haunt her. They are unable to reincarnate until their murderer dies. Mrs. Sethi must kill herself to free the spirits, but vows to get her daughter married first. The spirits realize that helping Roopi find a suitable husband before the police catch Mrs. Sethi is in their best interests, and everyone begins to work together. Meanwhile, Roopi catches the eye of the young Sergeant investigating the case.'] ['Ace, a wannabe rock star, is on his way to a concert of the band Guitar Wolf when space aliens invade the Earth. As a result the dead rise to their feet in the countryside setting of Asahi, Japan, with an appetite for flesh. Enlisting the help of his rock \'n roll blood brother Guitar Wolf, Ace and the members of the band get entangled in many misadventures with crazy rock managers in very tight shorts, transsexuals, naked women shooting guns in the shower, and bloodthirsty zombies ready to tear them apart. Leather jackets, loud over-modulated music, laser guitar picks, motorcycles, guns, muscle cars, and fire abound. Guitar Wolf, a Japanese trio signed to Matador Records in the US—and self-proclaimed coolest rock band in the world—star as the well-coiffed heroes. It is also a love story, between Ace and Tobio, a trans woman. The music, in a garage punk vein, plays an important role in the film. It features music from Greg Cartwright of Reigning Sound and The Oblivians. His 1997 song "Twice as Deep" by Greg Oblivian & the Tip Tops is featured. This film is similar to another movie by a Spanish punk group, La matanza caníbal de los garrulos lisérgicos produced by Siniestro Total'] ['{{Plot}} Several boys are in their cabin lighting farts. After taking the lighter and attempting to light his own fart but falling short of the other boys\' efforts, Alan  threatens Eddie , Mark , Billy  and Pee Pee , but is soon stopped by camp counselor, Randy , who is irritated with him. After a failed camp announcement by the owner in the dining hall, Alan gets into a violent confrontation with Randy after he complains about the food. Ronnie  allows Alan to go the kitchen to get something else to eat so as not to exascerbate the fight, but Alan ends up in trouble again, this time with cook Mickey , who throws eggs at him. Alan then throws a butcher knife at Mickey and the camp owner, Frank , seeing what he did, argues with Alan after already being annoyed by his past misbehavior. Alan, suffering from Bipolar disorder, runs away feeling rejected, with his stepbrother Michael  chasing after him. After being threatened, Michael goes back to the camp, telling Alan that he does not care what he does any more. In the kitchen, Mickey is killed after being held above and dumped into the deep fryer by an unseen character while cooking fries for dinner. His body is then dumped in the trash compactor. During the social, Alan is fooled by Terry "Weed"  and Stan  into smoking dried cow manure, mistaking it for marijuana which makes him cough and falls on Stan\'s crotch, earning him the nickname "Blowjob", which sticks and later plays a significant role in the film. After the social, a high Weed is tied to a chair and gas is squirted down his throat. The killer then sticks a lit-up cigarette in his mouth and his insides explode, killing him. Ronnie starts to suspect that the murders that happened twenty five years ago are happening again. Frank, in an attempt to ignore bad publicity, states that the murders were accidental and the camp continues to go on with its normal activities. A week later, Alan is bullied by being shot during a paintball game by all the players. In order to steal Karen  away from Alan , Michael makes Alan look like a psychopath by skinning the frogs Alan sits with in the forest. Karen and her friend Marie  run away. Alan is again bulled by T.C.  and Chooch , who give him a wedgie in front of everyone at the waterfront. That night, Michael, T.C. and Marie force Karen to lure Alan to the back of the stage, where they take his clothes off, tie him up, blindfold him and embarrass him in front of everyone at the social. Ronnie suspects that counselor Petey  is the killer for being everywhere when Alan is in trouble. Suddenly outside, T.C. and nine others start calling Alan "Blowjob", which causes him to become frustrated and run off into the night. After returning to his cabin, Frank is knocked unconscious with a hammer and wakes up with his head inserted in a birdcage. The killer opens up the birdcage, places two rats inside and locks it. The rats eat through his head and down into his intestines, killing him. Meanwhile, Randy and Linda  go to the pump house to have sex. Whilst Randy is pissing, an unseen person ties him to a tree, using fishing line as a noose to wrap around his penis. Suddenly, Linda becomes happy  after hearing Randy attempt to placate the killer , and drives off in the jeep, but the fishing line is tied to the jeep and, while driving at 85 mph, tears Randy\'s penis off, gorily killing him. Linda continues to drive, but crashes after driving through a wrapped barbed wire line, which wraps around her face, killing her. At the camp, F.C. has been grounded for the rest of the summer for bullying Alan. After Spaz  visits him again, a wooden spear comes through a hole in the floor while T.C. is looking into it and cuts him in the eye, gruesomely killing him. Meanwhile, Jenny  and Ronnie find Frank dead in his office. They begin rounding up everyone left in the camp, as Ronnie believes that Angela has returned and resumed her murders. Bella  goes back to her cabin, where she finds that the bunk above her has been replaced with spikes. The killer, who is also in the cabin, jumps down from the rafters and lands on top of the top bunk, causing it to fall on Bella, piercing her with the spikes and killing her. Soon, T.C. and Bella are found dead and after the counselors leave, Ricky Thomas  is called by Sheriff Jerry, while Karen, who discovered Bella with Marie and ran off in fright, believing Alan committed the murder and she will be his next victim and after finding Randy\'s and Linda\'s corpses, bumps into the killer and faints. Karen wakes up at the rec hall with a rope hanging from a basketball hoop tied around her neck. The killer flips a switch to raise the net, causing Karen to be lifted off the ground. Michael comes in before Karen is killed, causing the killer to run off, and lowers the net. After Karen tells him that she thinks Alan is the killer, Michael grabs a mallet and goes after Alan, who he beats with the mallet. Suddenly, the killer appears behind Michael as the screen fades to black. Ronnie, Ricky and Jenny find a badly-wounded, but still alive Alan on the ground. As Ronnie questions Alan who is responsible for his injuries, Sheriff Jerry walks into view of Ronnie and Ricky, explaining through his mechanical voice box that kids never learn and are always mean, and declaring, "I\'ve been waiting a long time for this. A long time." Confirming Ronnie\'s suspicions, it is then revealed that Sheriff Jerry is Angela Baker . Nearby, Ricky, Jenny and Ronnie find a nearly-dead Michael skinned alive on the ground as Angela laughs maniacally. She suddenly stops laughing and looks at the audience with a vicious expression on her face. Michael dies as the scene cuts to the end credits. After the ending credits are over, a clip is shown, which takes place three weeks prior to the events of the film. It shows that Angela had escaped from the psychiatric clinic she had been locked up in for twenty years. After somehow acquiring a car, Angela apparently disables it by causing a brake fluid leak and flags down Sheriff Pete , the real sheriff. She murders him by dropping the car on his head and, presumably, steals his clothes to become the new sheriff.'] ['After the death of his owner Mr. Wing , the mogwai Gizmo  becomes the guinea pig of the mad scientists working at Clamp Enterprises, an automatic state-of-the-art office building in Manhattan, run by the eccentric billionaire Daniel Clamp ([[John Glover . Seemingly at the mercy of the chief researcher Dr. Catheter , Gizmo reunites with his friend Billy Peltzer  and his fiancee Katie , both who work at Clamp Enterprises. Clamp himself visits and quickly befriends Billy upon being impressed by his skills in concept design, also sparking the interest of Billy\'s superior Marla Bloodstone . Gizmo is left in the office and spawns a new batch of mogwai when he gets wet, including Mohawk  who is the reincarnation of Stripe. The new batch eat after midnight and transform into Gremlins. While Mohawk tortures Gizmo, the other Gremlins cause the fire sprinklers to go off in a cooking show\'s studio and spawn an army of Gremlins which quickly throw the building into chaos. Billy quickly comes up with an idea to lure the Gremlins outside into sunlight by covering the front of the building in a giant sheet depicting nighttime, Clamp personally escaping outside to lead the plan. The Gremlins invade the laboratory, one devouring a brain serum and becoming the intelligent Brain Gremlin  who plans to inject a genetic sunblock formula into the army so they can survive in sunlight. Other Gremlins devour serums and are genetically altered, including an electrical Gremlin which Billy traps in Clamp\'s answering machine. All the while "Grandpa Fred"  catches the chaos on camera, broadcasting it to the world; he dreams of being a proper anchorman but only works at Clamp Enterprises as an actor. Murray Futterman , Billy\'s neighbor from Kingston Falls and former victim of the Gremlin\'s antics, visits New York City with his wife Sheila  and, upon encountering a Gremlin that consumed a bat serum, sneaks into the Clamp building to aid Billy. Billy, Dr. Catheter, and the chief of security Forster  team up to defeat the Gremlins, but Dr. Catheter is killed by the electric Gremlin and Forster is chased off by a female lovestruck Gremlin. Mohawk finishes torturing Gizmo and devours a spider serum, transforming into a monstrous half-Gremlin half-spider hybrid. He attacks Kate and Marla, but Gizmo  confronts Mohawk and kills him with an ignited bottle of white-out. Outside the building, a rainstorm frustrates Clamp\'s plan as the Gremlins gather in the building\'s foyer. Billy formulates a second plan to kill the Gremlin army: having Mr. Futterman spray the army with water and then releasing the electrical Gremlin, electrocuting and killing all of the army including the Brain Gremlin. Clamp charges in with the police and press, but is so thrilled by the end result that he gives Billy, Katie, Fred and Marla promotions and gives Grandpa Fred a job as an anchorman and gives Mr. Katsuji  who is a photographer and cameraman a job to be Grandpa Fred\'s cameraman while Clamp decides to start a new project based on Kingston Falls\' tranquil setting from Billy\'s drawing. Forster calls Clamp where he is trapped inside a restroom in one of the higher levels of the building with the female Gremlin . The female Gremlin approaches Forster in a wedding dress. Forster shrugs and resigns himself to his fate.'] ['Chinese exorcist One-Eyebrow Priest  leads a peaceful life with two disciples Ah Hao  and Ah Fang  in a small town together with a naughty mini vampire. While finding new water sources one day, the priest encounters a European vampire in the nearby church who is aided by a dead countess. Although the priest manages to get rid of the countess, his Chinese exorcism fails on the European vampire.'] ['In the mining town of Goldlick, Jeff , a young fan of B movie actor Bruce Campbell, and his friend Clayton  go out to a cemetery to meet two girls, Big Debbie  and Little Debbie . Jeff removes a medallion off the mausoleum, unleashing the Chinese god of the dead, Guan-Di , who kills Clayton and the Debbies while Jeff flees. Meanwhile, Bruce Campbell is finishing filming for the fictional Cave Alien II, and is promised a birthday surprise from his agent, Mills Toddner . Bruce meets Jeff, who kidnaps Campbell and takes him to Goldlick in hopes that his hero can save the town from Guan-Di. Upon arrival, Bruce assumes it\'s his birthday surprise from Mills, and thinks it\'s all a movie, despite a lack of cameras and a script, and agrees to "help". He learns about Guan-Di in the town\'s hall and during a dinner party, Bruce gets on the good side of Jeff\'s mother, Kelly , who had initially been irritated by Bruce\'s behavior. After gearing up at Goldlick\'s gun shop, Bruce and many citizens of Goldlick go out into the woods to take on Guan-Di, which Bruce still thinks is part of a movie. Bruce then finds out that it\'s all real and flees Goldlick, angering the townspeople, disappointing Kelly and upsetting Jeff. As part of a running gag, an Italian painter  constantly repaints the population sign every time someone dies, including himself. Bruce returns to his caravan to find that everyone, including his own dog, hates him a lot. He has a restraining order placed upon him by his ex-wife, Cheryl , and finds that his "surprise birthday present" from Mills was just a singing prostitute named Kasey . Bruce is then called by Jeff, who informs him that he\'s going to take on Guan-Di alone in spite of Bruce\'s retreat. Kasey takes Bruce back to Goldlick, where he is treated with contempt and tries to reconcile with Kelly. To rescue Jeff, they both drive to the old cemetery, in which they set up dynamite at the mausoleum and try to lure Guan-Di inside with one of Jeff\'s cardboard cut-outs of Bruce, which Guan-Di doesn\'t fall for. After kissing Kelly, Bruce decides to sacrifice himself  and the dynamite is blown up. He emerges from the debris alive, and hangs the medallion back onto the mausoleum wall to ease the spirit. Guan-Di then also comes back to life, and at the very last minute, it turns out the whole scenario was a movie. Bruce argues with Ted Raimi about the cliched ending and turns it into a happy ending, which involves Bruce and Kelly married, living in a nice house with their son, Jeff, who is accepted into Harvard University. After the movie ends, Bruce asks "What could be a better ending than that?", after which Guan-Di appears and attacks Bruce.'] ['{{Plot}} The film, set in Edwardian London, begins with a young couple courting in the woods. Doris Mann  is insistent that there is a peeping tom watching them from the bushes. Her boyfriend, Albert Potter , while grumbling that he\'s been dating her for a year and there\'s been nothing worth watching thus far, reluctantly leaves to scout the area, leaving Doris on her own. Suddenly, a hideous creature appears from behind a tree and abducts her. When Albert returns he is horrified to find Doris gone, and a hairy, clawed finger in her place. Terrified, he runs to the police. The bungling Constable Slobotham  takes the details of the case and phones his superior, the henpecked Sergeant Sidney Bung . Bung gets an earful from his nagging wife, Emily , about the noise the telephone is making as it is preventing her from sleeping. Slobotham reports the disappearance of Doris Mann, and Bung notes that she is the sixth woman to have vanished in Hocombe Woods within a year. After ordering Slobotham to keep Albert there, the long-suffering Bung hangs up and prepares to leave for the police station. As he does, Emily screams at him more. After interviewing Albert and seeing the strange finger the monster left behind, Bung, Slobotham, and Albert search the woods. The creature is searching for his finger but is disturbed by the arrival of Bung and Albert; Slobotham is guarding the sergeant\'s car. Albert and Bung notice a horrible stench in the air, and Slobotham faints with horror at the monster\'s appearance. As he lies unconscious, the creature tears the car apart then leaves. Bung and Albert find Slobotham and drive to an eerie manor house named Bide-A-Wee Rest Home. Inside a tall, Lurch-like butler, Sockett  greets them. When they inquire to see the master of the house, Sockett deadpans that the master has been dead for fifteen years, yet still persists in asking him if he can see them. Bemused, the three men enter the gothic manor and wait in the lounge. Watching them through the eyes of a portrait is the voluptuous lady of the manor, Valeria . After Sockett explains that the policemen want to see the master, Valeria reluctantly goes to wake her brother. She creeps through a secret passage to an underground laboratory and uses electricity to reanimate her brother, zombie Dr Orlando Watt . Dr Watt stumbles to greet the three men, and explains to them his dreams of reanimating his mummified Egyptian pharaoh, King Rubatitti. After getting a statement, Bung makes to leave but Watt collapses and his face begins to dissolve into the air. Albert wires Watt up to an electric plug and restores him. Bung refuses to acknowledge anything odd has happened, but is still unwilling to revisit the house. After they leave, Valeria is about to regenerate the monster who kidnapped Doris; the creature is named Oddbod, and it transpires that Dr Watt and Valeria and Oddbod are responsible for the missing women, as they kidnap innocent women and turn them into mannequins. When Bung returns home, he receives another nagging from his wife, yet manages to escape to the lab as they have a report on Oddbod\'s finger. The scientist describes it as coming from an extinct species of ape-man, but says he will wire it up to an electrical charge to see if it is a living membrane. Suddenly Albert turns up with a note from someone saying they know what happened to Doris. They go to the public washing house and meet Dan Dann, ([[Charles Hawtrey , who dilly-dallies about what happened to the girls. Unknown to them, Watt and Valeria have sent Oddbod to follow them, and Oddbod kills Dan by drowning him in a lavatory. Back at the lab, the scientist has accidentally managed to recreate another Oddbod, which kills him and goes to Bide-A-Wee, where he is adopted by the Watt family. Later that night, after Watt and Valeria have finished vitrifying another victim, Bung arrives at the manor and becomes infatuated with Valeria, who returns his love. After a wild night with Valeria, Bung is in a good mood, which is ruined after Albert is caught breaking into a shop, claiming one of dummies is his Doris. Obviously no one believes him. Bung returns to Valeria, as he cannot stop thinking about her. He lets slip about the confusion with Doris and the dummy, and she becomes worried. Valeria confides in Orlando and they scheme to get Doris back. Valeria poisons Bung and thus turns him into Mr Hyde, and sends him out to collect the dummy. Next morning Bung and Slobotham arrest Albert on suspicion of theft, but fail to prove anything as he has merely five toes, whilst the footprints in the shop had six. Albert leaves and Bung and Slobotham hatch a plan to set a trap for the monster who is abducting the women. Slobotham is disguised in drag and made to sit in the woods. Emily Bung follows them, thinking her husband is having an affair with this "woman" and Albert also follows, wanting to catch the creature. Emily and Slobotham are captured by the Oddbods, and taken to the manor. Albert and Bung find Oddbod\'s ear and go to see if Valeria is safe. Valeria and Orlando plot to rid themselves of Bung and his friends, by starting a new line of male dummies for tailors. Valeria persuades Bung and Albert to spend the night at the manor, and slips a viper into their bed as they sleep. Emily Bung is turned into a dummy, and they prepare to start on Slobotham. Bung kills the snake with a gun and Orlando sets the monsters on them. Bung and Albert attempt to escape through a secret passage and save Slobotham and discover the dummy of Doris. Albert manages to reanimate her and Bung finally accepts that there is something odd going on. As they try to escape, they are cornered by the Oddbods and are trapped in the lounge. As the monsters advance on them, Albert downs the poisoned brandy Valeria gave Bung earlier. Albert turns into Mr Hyde and defeats the Oddbods. Just as he returns to normal, Orlando and Valeria burst in and Orlando threatens to petrify them with a special formula. Before he can, lightning strikes a plug and brings the Egyptian mummy to life. Watt is delighted, yet the mummy turns on him and drags him into a boiling vat, with Watt screaming, "Frying Tonight!" Albert and Doris are married and visit Bung in his home. They are surprised to find that Mrs Bung is still a dummy, and that Valeria is now living with Sergeant Bung. The film ends with the dummy of Mrs Bung winking slyly at the camera.'] ['At Zurich University Institute of Medicine in Switzerland, Herbert West brings his dead professor, Dr. Hans Gruber , back to life. There are horrific side-effects, however; as West explains, the dosage was too large. When accused of killing Gruber, West counters: "I gave him life!" West arrives at Miskatonic University in New England in order to further his studies. He rents a room from medical student Dan Cain  and converts the building\'s basement into his own personal laboratory. There is an instant animosity between West and faculty member Dr. Carl Hill ([[David Gale . West declares that Hill stole the theory of brain death from Dr. Gruber, West\'s mentor. Dan discovers that West has re-animated his dead cat, Rufus, with a glowing reagent. West recruits Dan as his partner in research to defeat death. Dan\'s fiancee Megan  dislikes West, especially after discovering Rufus re-animated in a state of dismemberment. Hill manages to turn Dr. Halsey, the school\'s dean and Megan\'s father, against both West and Dan. Barred from the school, the two sneak into the morgue to test the reagent on a human subject in an attempt to salvage their medical careers. The revived corpse goes on a rampage, attacking them. Halsey stumbles upon the scene and, despite attempts by both West and Dan to save him, is killed by the corpse. Armed with a bone saw, West dispatches the reanimated cadaver. Unfazed by the violence and excited at the prospect of working with a freshly dead specimen, West injects Halsey with the reagent. Halsey returns to life, but in a zombie-like state. Hill discovers West\'s work and gains guardianship over Halsey, whom he puts in a padded cell adjacent to his office. Dan and Megan break into Hill\'s office where they find evidence that Hill is obsessed with Megan and has lobotomized her father. Hill has gone to confront West in his basement lab and threatens to blackmail him to continue his research so that Hill can take credit for West\'s reagent. While Hill is distracted, West decapitates Hill with a shovel. Overcome with curiosity, West re-animates both Hill\'s head and body. While West is questioning Hill\'s head and taking notes, Hill\'s body knocks him unconscious. The body carries the head and steals West\'s reagent, returning to Hill\'s office. Exercising mind control over Halsey, Hill sends him out to kidnap Megan from Dan. West and Dan track Halsey to the morgue, where they find Hill\'s body holding his head in a compromising position over a restrained Megan. West distracts Hill while Dan frees Megan. Hill reveals that he has re-animated and lobotomized several corpses from the morgue to do his bidding. However, Megan manages to get through to her father, who fights off the other corpses long enough for Dan and Megan to escape. In the ensuing chaos, Halsey is torn to pieces by the corpses after he destroys Hill\'s head and West injects Hill\'s body with what he believes is a lethal overdose of the reagent which began to destroy Hill\'s body. Hill\'s body mutates horribly and attacks West, who screams out to Dan to save his work as he continues fighting. Dan retrieves the satchel containing West\'s reagent. As Dan and Megan run from the morgue, one of the re-animated corpses attacks and kills Megan. Dan takes her to the hospital emergency room and tries in vain to revive her. In despair, he injects her with reagent. Just after the scene fades to black, Megan screams, implying that her re-animation has backfired.'] ['Anita "Needy" Lesnicki , once an insecure teenager, is now a violent mental inmate who starts the story as a flashback while in solitary confinement. Needy and popular cheerleader Jennifer Check  have been best friends since childhood, despite having little in common. One night, Jennifer takes Needy to a local dive bar to attend a concert by indie rock band Low Shoulder. A suspicious fire engulfs the bar, killing several, and Jennifer agrees to leave with the band despite Needy\'s attempts to stop her. Later that evening, Jennifer, covered in blood, appears in Needy\'s kitchen and proceeds to eat food from the refrigerator. Unable to digest the matter, she vomits a trail of black, spiny fluid and then leaves in a hurry as Needy calls after her. The next morning at school, Jennifer appears fine and shrugs off Needy\'s concerns. While the small town is devastated by the deaths caused by the fire, Jennifer seduces the school\'s football captain in the woods and then attacks him; his disemboweled corpse is later found. Meanwhile, the members of Low Shoulder gain popularity due to their rumored heroism during the fire and offer to make a charity appearance at the school\'s spring formal. A month later, Jennifer is beginning to look pale, and accepts a date with school goth/emo Colin , whom she brutally kills that night. While Needy and her boyfriend, Chip  have sex, Needy senses something dreadful has happened. She leaves in a panic and almost runs over Jennifer, drenched in blood. She rushes home and finds Jennifer in her bedroom, who then begins to make out with Needy and soon explains what happened after the fire: Low Shoulder took her into the woods and offered her as a virgin sacrifice to Satan in exchange for fame and fortune. However, although the sacrifice and greedy exchange were a success, Jennifer was not a virgin, and when the lead singer Nikolai  murdered her, a demonic spirit took over her body. It is revealed then that Jennifer knew she needed human flesh and blood to survive. In addition to the known murdered townspeople, Jennifer also encountered the exchange student Ahmet after the fire and upon hearing that no one knew he had survived, she took him into the woods and ate him, making him her first victim. The next day at school, as the town is stunned by Colin\'s death, Needy goes to the school library\'s occult section and surmises that Jennifer is a succubus; she is weakest when she is hungry, and must eat flesh in order to sustain her life and appearance. Needy tells Chip about her discoveries and warns him not to attend the dance. He does not believe her and she subsequently breaks up with him in order to protect him. Chip goes to the dance, hoping to meet with Needy, but is instead intercepted by Jennifer, who seduces him and takes him to an abandoned pool house. Needy arrives there and finds Jennifer feeding on Chip. Needy tries to drown Jennifer but Jennifer, hovering in the air, attacks her. She is then stabbed by Chip with a pool skimmer. Jennifer escapes while Needy, heartbroken, watches her boyfriend die. Needy then decides she must kill Jennifer. She goes to Jennifer\'s home and sees Jennifer picking out her next victims in her yearbook. Crashing through the window, Needy fights Jennifer with a box cutter. Culminating with a stab to the heart, Needy finally destroys the demon and kills her. Jennifer\'s mother  comes in and finds Needy with the utility knife on top of her daughter\'s body. Soon after, Needy is brought to an asylum. Since she was bitten by Jennifer, she has obtained some of Jennifer\'s supernatural powers. Set upon revenge for what was done to Jennifer and her, she escapes the mental facility and hitchhikes a ride to the hotel where Low Shoulder are staying; she then brutally murders them all.'] ['Mild-mannered everyman Bart Hughes has a great bourgeois life in New York City. When his wife and child leave for a vacation, Bart stays behind to work on a project that should get him a promotion. Some sort of rodent in his basement starts to bother him and consumes his time. Bart becomes obsessed with it and eventually starts losing his mind while trying to kill the creature, destroying most of his house in the process.'] ['In a small suburban town, a group of college students visit a mysterious wax museum, where they encounter several morbid displays, all of which contain stock characters from the horror genre. Two of the students Tony and China enter two separate waxwork displays. Tony is in a cabin where a werewolf attacks him. A hunter and his son come, suppressing their fear. The son fails and is torn in two, while the hunter shoots Tony as he begins the transform. China is sent to a Gothic castle, where vampires attack her and Count Dracula turns her into a vampire. Two of the other students, Mark and Sarah, leave the waxwork unscathed, but are chagrined by the disappearance of their friends. The disappearances continue, and extend to a pair investigating police detectives, one who is trapped in an exhibit of The Mummy, the other is murdered by one of the butlers. Mark takes Sarah to the attic of his house, where he shows her an old newspaper detailing the murder of his grandfather ; the only suspect was David Lincoln, his chief assistant, whose photograph closely resembles the waxwork owner. The two then consult the wheelchair-bound Sir Wilfred, a friend of Mark\'s grandfather, who explains how he and Mark\'s grandfather collected trinkets from "eighteen of the most evil people who ever lived" and that Lincoln stole the artifacts; Lincoln, having sold his soul to the devil, wants to bring their previous owners to life by creating some wax effigies and feeding them the souls of victims, a concept taken from voodoo. Providing all eighteen with a victim would bring about the "voodoo end of the world, when the dead shall rise, and consume all things". On the advice of Sir Wilfred, Mark and Sarah enter the waxwork at night and douse the museum with gasoline. However, Sarah is lured into the display of the Marquis de Sade, and Mark is pushed into a zombie display by the waxwork\'s two butlers. Mark is approached by a horde of zombies, but finds that if he does not believe in the monsters, then they do not exist and cannot harm him. Mark finds his way out of the display and into the Marquis de Sade exhibit, where he rescues Sarah, while the Marquis vows revenge. Despite Mark and Sarah\'s attempts to escape, the displays are completed with the figures and their victims reanimating as evil entities. Suddenly, Sir Wilfred and a huge group of armed men arrive and in the ensuing battle, several waxworks and slayers die, including Lincoln\'s butlers and Mark and Sarah\'s former friends, now evil. Mark duels with the Marquis de Sade, who is finally killed by an axe, wielded by Sarah. The reunited couple is confronted by Lincoln, who dies in a vat of boiling wax. Sir Wilfred is killed by a werewolf as Sarah and Mark manage to escape the burning waxwork with their lives and begin to walk home, not noticing that the hand from the Zombie display is scuttling away from the rubble.'] ['{{plot}} Dr. Edward Pretorius  is a scientist who has developed the Resonator, a machine which allows whoever is within range to see beyond normal perceptible reality. His assistant, Dr. Crawford Tillinghast , activates the machine and soon sees strange creatures in the air. When he is bitten by one of them, he urges Pretorius to turn the machine off. However, the crazed Pretorius refuses, claiming that the machine\'s effects on his brain are giving him an "orgasm of the mind." Events transpire to the point where Crawford escapes Pretorius\' attic laboratory with an axe, fleeing outside. When the police arrive, they find Pretorius decapitated. Crawford is arrested for the murder. Crawford is committed to a psychiatric ward, where he is treated by Dr. Katherine McMichaels . After Crawford gives his account of Pretorius\' death, Katherine conducts a brain scan and notice that Crawford\'s pineal gland has grown. Katherine, convinced of Crawford\'s innocence, decides to let him return to the house in order to show her the Resonator. They are accompanied by Detective Bubba Brownlee , who investigated Pretorius\' death. Upon returning to the house, Katherine and Crawford rebuild the Resonator. Crawford reactivates the machine, which causes more creatures to appear. A severely deformed Pretorius, still alive, appears in the attic and tells the trio of a world beyond that is more pleasurable than normal reality. Pretorius\' body gruesomely breaks apart when Crawford attempts to touch him, leading Bubba to draw his gun and fire at the mad doctor. Crawford shuts off The Resonator, making Pretorius and the creatures vanish. It is now morning, and the three discuss the creatures over breakfast. Katherine - who insists that the Resonator could possibly cure schizophrenia - suggests that they turn the machine back on, but Bubba and Crawford disagree. They all go to sleep, each with a headache. But while everyone is sleeping, Katherine gets back up to feel the pleasure from the machine and turns it back on, bringing forth a worried Crawford and the now almost unrecognizable Edward who is mutated and covered in slime. Bubba enters the scene as Edward grabs Katherine and rips off her clothes, preparing to eat her mind and take her to the world of beyond. Crawford and Bubba go down into the basement to shut off the power, but encounter a giant worm-monster, prompting Crawford to conclude the vibration waves permeate the entire house. The worm begins to devour Crawford, but Bubba succeeds in shutting off the power, bringing a hairless Crawford back, and sending Edward away. The freed Katherine then turns off the machine and meets the others downstairs, crying and feeling ashamed and horrified for turning it back on. Bubba decides that they should leave the house, but as Katherine puts lotion on Crawford\'s inflamed skin, she expresses her desire to monitor the machine to figure out where the creatures are coming from. Bubba refuses and tells her to go get dressed. She begins to explore other parts of the house, finding Edward\'s old S&M outfits and putting one on. She then starts to tease a sleeping Crawford, until Bubba comes in and tells her to snap out of it, which she does, throwing a robe over the outfit. All of a sudden the power returns and The Resonator turns back on, as all three of them run up into the attic to deactivate it. Katherine and Crawford are attacked by little bee-like creatures that strip the flesh off of their victims, and as Bubba pushes them out of the way, he is devoured to the bone. A now almost fully mutated Edward, without any legs or proper arms, grabs Katherine and starts to drag her flesh torn, bleeding body towards him. Crawford fights Edward and succeeds in freeing Katherine but then his enlarged pineal gland pops out of his forehead like an antenna. Katherine short circuits the machine by spraying it repeatedly with a fire extinguisher. She then takes Crawford back to the hospital, where she is evaluated for insanity and schizophrenia, since her story was just like Crawford\'s and she is blamed by Dr. Bloch and the police for this evening\'s events. Vindictive Dr. Bloch then orders for Katherine to get shock treatment. Dr. Bloch then goes to perform an autopsy on an undead Crawford, who is on the lookout for brains to eat with the use of his antenna. As Katherine is being prepared for shock treatment by a sadistic staff member, Crawford attacks and eats Dr. Bloch\'s brain. Katherine escapes, gets new clothes, and drives back to the house with a bomb. Crawford follows her on a hijacked ambulance car. Katherine puts the bomb on The Resonator, sets it for 5 minutes, and goes to leave, only to have Crawford chain her up in Edward\'s S&M room, claiming that he loves her. As he is about to eat her brain, she bites off his exposed, enlarged pineal gland, reverting him to his senses. However, Crawford is pulled away by a completely deformed, mutated Edward. Meanwhile, Katherine manages to attract the leech creatures that sense her movement and bite through the straps, releasing her. Crawford fights Edward, only to be eaten by him. Edward chases Katherine into the laboratory, where Crawford\'s form begins to tear out through Edward\'s skin and muscles. The two fight for the control of the deformed body, until it dissolves in its own digestive fluids. Katherine finally frees herself and jumps out the attic window, right as the whole attic explodes. She lands on her legs, breaking one, and as the neighbors gather around her, she goes from sobbing to laughing hysterically as she tells them, "It ATE him!"'] ["As in earlier film versions of Leiber's story, the story is set around a college campus where rivalries for various chairmanships of faculties take place. While the script's touch is notably lighter than in earlier film versions, verging on comedic in places, the story is basically the same. Several of the wives practice witchcraft in order to advance their husbands' careers. Joshua Lightman  does not believe that his wife Margaret's spells and hocus-pocus have been helping her, and makes her cease practising witchcraft. Immediately things begin to go wrong for Lightman. he cuts himself shaving; he is accused by a male student of having accosted him ; and a disgruntled female student tries to kill him by sniping with a rifle from the college rooftop. Meanwhile, Vivian Cross  is controlling several of the other wives via a sculpture of an egg  in which a being is hatched. This winged creatures whose eyes shoot green flames chases Joshua Lightman's car and nearly kills him before Vivian Cross destroys it via her magic. Vivian, who is close to death, then hatches a plot to trade bodies with Margaret Lightman. Margaret is sent driving off a pier in her car; but Joshua uses magic to save her. Vivian succeeds in swapping souls with Margaret, but the tables are turned on her; Vivian is destroyed and Margaret is returned to her own body and starts practising witchcraft again to help Joshua."] ["The film is set in a woodland retreat just outside of London, England, where paintballing team the 'Weekend Warriors' intend to celebrate the marital engagement of one of their members. However, deep within the forest, an ancient warrior preserved from the time of King Arthur has awoken and begins to hunt them down one by one."] ['The film opens in 1975 at a place called Headstone Manor, which is being used as a "businessman\'s weekend retreat and girls\' summer camp". A few minutes into the film, a group of satanic monks enter the house and kill 18 of its occupants. In 1983, Doctor Lucas Mandeville  and Doctor Barbara Coyle  are sent to investigate radioactive readings in the area that have been traced to Headstone Manor, now known by locals as the House of Death. Along with several other scientists, Mandeville and Coyle set up their equipment in the house, while the Sinister Man , a 700-year-old Satanic priest, prepares a rite in the nearby woods to purge the house of its unwanted guests. During this time, Mandeville reveals that he was once a successful German surgeon named Ludwig Manheim, who was reduced to "smart-arse paranormal research crap" after a humiliation in the past. Coyle also encounters a poltergeist, and the two engage in sexual intercourse. Several satanic clones of Mandeville, Coyle and the other scientists enter house, and begin killing off the originals and taking their place. When Coyle is about to be killed, she is rescued by the poltergeist and saved. The satanic monks then take off in a spaceship, revealing that these monks are aliens using the house for their activities on Earth. The film ends with the spaceship soaring into the skies, with an E.T. voice groaning: "Oh, shit! Not again!".'] ['For the past 13 years, Dr. Herbert West  has been serving his prison sentence for his role in the death of a teenage girl at the hands of one of his zombies. With what scant supplies he has on hand in the prison medical center, Dr. West has been capable of performing only extremely basic experiments on rats. However, his lack of supplies does not prevent him from uncovering a key element in his re-animation process. When a young doctor named Howard Phillips  comes to work at the prison, he teams up with West to help him attain the supplies and tools needed to bring his experiments to the next level. Phillips is the younger brother of the teenage girl who was killed  and came to the prison for the explicit purpose of working with West. In the meantime, Phillips gets a girlfriend, the journalist Laura Olney. Dr. West has discovered "NPE" , an energy that can be extracted from the brain of a living organism through an electrocution-like process, to be stored in a capsule resembling a small light bulb. The capsule can then be connected to a corpse and used in conjunction with West\'s previously developed reagent to restore the former dead to a lifelike state. The NPE prevents the degeneration seen in previous instances, where the reanimated are nothing more than mindless zombies. Used together with the re-agent, reanimated corpses regain their skills, memories, and motor functions and nearly fully resemble normal humans. The warden of the prison uncovers West\'s experiments, and is subsequently killed and re-animated a la Dr. Carl Hill in the first Re-Animator. However, West uses the NPE from a prisoner\'s pet rat, causing some unexpected side effects in the warden\'s behavior. It manifests itself as the prison descends into utter chaos as a riot breaks out, with vials of the reagent circulating through the population. Soon, it is unclear who is dead, who is alive, and who has been exposed to the agent. During the chaos, Laura is killed. Phillips is believed to be criminally insane by guards, when they find him weeping over Laura\'s head, severed from her body. West manages to escape the prison by stealing Phillips\' I.D., when he comes across him weeping over Laura\'s decapitated body before the guards appear. In the end of the film, West is shown putting on his glasses outside the prison, once he has slipped past security. He then throws a human eye, struggling to move, onto the lawn of the prison. After witnessing this, West slips into the night to continue his research.'] ['The film begins with the alien abduction on Scalleum, a remote island off the coast of Wales, of Cat Williams and her boyfriend. Cat\'s boyfriend is gorily killed, and Cat is  implanted with an alien fetus. Cat\'s story attracts the attention of Michelle "Foxy" Fox , the bosomy host of the cable TV show Weird Worlde, who brings a film crew to the island &mdash; her cameraman boyfriend Ricky ; Jack the sound man; nerdy UFO expert Gavin Gorman; and actors Bruce Barton and Candy Vixen . The island is accessible via a narrow causeway only at low tide. The Weird Worlde crew sets out in their van, but it is dark by the time they reach the Williams family\'s creepy farmhouse, where they meet Cat and her three hulking and sadistic brothers . The crew  initially assume that Cat\'s story is a hoax, and even go so far as to make a crop circle in a nearby field so they can film it for the show, to Gorman\'s great disgust. However, it soon turns out that the aliens are all too real and rather malevolent. The film crew teams up with the Welsh Williams brothers to fight off the aliens, with a great deal of blood and gore. One highlight features Ricky running down some aliens in a combine harvester, to the tune of "Combine Harvester" by The Wurzels. Eventually, the alien child inside Cat claws its way out; on board the alien ship, Foxy is impregnated with another alien fetus while Gavin loses his virginity to a shapely female alien; Bruce, Candy, and the Welsh brothers meet various horrible demises; Ricky blows up himself and four alien pursuers in a tank of liquid manure; back at the house, the female alien rips Foxy in half; and finally Gavin manages to use his laptop (in a sequence reminiscent of [[Independence Day  to overload the ley lines of the nearby stone circle. As Cat\'s alien child rips his arms off, Gavin manages to press the space bar with his nose, sending the stones shooting into the underside of the alien craft, which crashes into a convenient mountain. Jack the sound man, meanwhile, having been blinded by alien ichor early in the film, swims across the channel to the mainland, only to discover that he\'s lost the videotape that was the only proof of their extraterrestrial encounter. The film ends with a clip from an alien talk show reminiscent of Jerry Springer , on which Gavin\'s female alien is trying to explain how her entire crew was killed by humans and she herself carries the love child of one of those humans. The audience roars with laughter, and the host cuts her mike.'] ['{{expand section}} Discovering that his grandparents have developed "Waltzheimer\'s disease", Gomez organizes a family reunion, hoping that some branch of his enormous family tree will find a cure. Unfortunately, the company arranging the reunion misspells his surname and reunites him with the Adams family instead, including Dr. Philip Adams, who plans to poison his father and rearrange his will. Gomez hopes that Dr. Adams can cure his grandparents; Morticia spends time with the women; Fester and Thing do their best to capture Butcher, a mutated puppy who feeds on human hair; and Pugsley falls in love with a girl named Gina.'] ['Two brothers, David and Peter , kidnap Tracey , the stepdaughter of Arnie , an underworld crime boss. After a heated conversation at the kitchen table, Peter and David retrieve the unconscious Tracey from the car boot. As they try to get her upstairs Peter gets side tracked by her chest not realizing that she has woken up. She headbutts him several times and Peter screams with pain. David manages to get her off him and has to fix Peter\'s now bloody and broken nose after tying her to the bed frame. The pair hold her for ransom in a secluded country cottage. Things begin to go wrong when Arnie\'s dimwitted son and stepbrother of Tracey, Andrew ([[Steven O\'Donnell  delivers the ransom. Instead of money, the bag is filled with napkins. David and Peter realize that not only have they been deceived, but Arnie knew about Andrew\'s involvement in the scheme all along. After Peter breaks David\'s phone by accidentally dropping it in water, David goes down to the village to use a telephone box to call in another ransom. While there, he happens across some sinister locals who, upon learning that he and his companions are staying at the Barnarby Cottage, warn him to keep his doors locked and not to wander. Disturbed, David returns to the cottage to find that Tracey &mdash; who has proven to be highly intelligent and resourceful, albeit foul-mouthed and somewhat psychopathic &mdash; has incapacitated Andrew and abducted Peter. Some distance away, Peter and Tracey arrive at an ominous looking farm. Upon entering the house, they soon discover it to be the home of an insane and hideously deformed serial-killer known only as the Farmer. After opening a trapdoor in the kitchen to reveal a secret staircase leading down into the cellar, Tracey is stabbed through the stomach by the Farmer. Terrified, Peter flees upstairs and jumps out of the bedroom window. Tracey survives her injury and calls out for Peter to help her escape too, all with the Farmer in pursuit. Peter manages to incapacitate the Farmer with a shovel, saving Tracey\'s life. Tracey then urges Peter to kill the madman before he regains consciousness, but he is reluctant. As the two of them argue, the Farmer comes to and quickly amputates the end of Peter\'s foot with the shovel. As he is about to kill Peter, Tracey begins mocking him, ordering him to hurry up and do it. Frustrated, the Farmer suddenly turns around and gruesomely decapitates her at mouth-level with the shovel. He then knocks out a hysterical Peter and hangs him by his jacket from a meat-hook in the shed. Meanwhile, Andrew and David, discover Andrew\'s hairdresser Steven , dying from being disemboweled, before setting off through the woods in search of Peter and Tracey, when they stumble across the dead body of one of Arnie\'s henchmen, who has had his throat slit. Soon after, they arrive at the farm, where they discover a shed full of severed heads. David and Andrew hurry outside, where the Farmer pins David to the ground with a pickaxe through his leg. He then chases Andrew into the nearby horse stables, where he viciously attacks him with a hunting knife before ripping his spine out. Peter comes to and manages to release himself from the hook and crawl across the ground to David. After making up for a lifetime of squabbling, they vow to fight on, and drag themselves back into the farmhouse in search of a phone. The Farmer soon reappears, tossing Andrew\'s severed head and spine through the window. David attempts to defend his brother, only to be suddenly impaled by The Farmer with the pickaxe. Outraged at seeing his brother murdered, Peter begins to throttle the Farmer to death by strangling him with a length of rope. The Farmer manages to toss Peter down into the cellar and slam the door shut. But Peter still has the end of the rope, and he continues tugging on it, eventually causing the Farmer to collapse on top of the trap door. With the weight of the body on top of the door, Peter is unable to escape. With nowhere else to go, he descends down into the cellar. He flicks on his cigarette lighter to reveal the Farmer\'s equally insane and hideous wife and daughters standing all around him. He mutters defeated "You must be joking" before they set upon him, the lighter goes out and Peter screams as they attack him. After the credits, Arnie and his right-hand men are seen arriving at the farm. As they step up to the front door, the Farmer suddenly rushes out at them with the pickaxe raised above his head. As he swings at them with it, the image freezes and the screen fades to black.'] ["The main plot involves Dr. Caligari's experiments with her patients at the C.I.A  where she transfers glandular brain fluids from one patient to another. Two of her main patients, Mr. Pratt, a cannibalistic serial killer, and Mrs. Van Houten, a nymphomanical housewife, are the primary subjects of her mindswapping. Mrs. Van Houten becomes the cannibal and Mr. Pratt the nymphomaniac; although, they seem to still retain some elements of themselves as well. Apparently Caligari's unconventional idea is to cure people by introducing equally opposite traits to balance out disturbed minds, but this is never implicitly stated in the film. Several other doctors, a married couple Mr & Mrs Lodger, become concerned with Caligari's experiments and approach Mrs. Lodgers father Dr. Avol who confronts Caligari only to fall victim to her mindswapping and receives an injection of Mrs. Van Houtens fluid turning him into a transvestite nymphomaniac. Sex is a very prominent theme throughout the movie, especially for Mrs. Van Houten who appears topless and performs masturbation at several points, but there are no hard core graphic scenes as this was released as an R rated feature. By the end of the film Mrs. Van Houten has injected Dr. Caligari with her own nymphomanical fluid and herself with Caligari's ancestor's  thus the patient becomes the doctor, the doctor becomes the patient and the inmates are left running the asylum."] ["Victor Frankenstein, a cold, arrogant and womanizing genius, is angry when his father forbids him to continue his anatomy experiments. He ruthlessly murders his father by sabotaging the old man's shotgun, consequently inheriting the title of Baron von Frankenstein and the family fortune. He uses the money to enter medical school in Vienna, but is forced to return home when he impregnates the daughter of the Dean. Returning to his own castle, he sets up a laboratory and starts a series of experiments involving the revival of the dead. He eventually builds a composite body from human parts, which he then brings to life. The creature goes on a homicidal rampage until it is accidentally destroyed when a vat where it has been hidden is flooded with acid."] ['A couple are relaxing in a snowy forest near a small fictional town called Farnhamville. Suddenly, an axe wielding female assailant kills the boyfriend, rips the girlfriend\'s shirt open, and puts a dab of blood between her female victim\'s breasts. Then, we see the protagonists, Clifford Sturges , and Gloria Wellaby  are having trouble with their location. Their car manages to last until they reach the small and secluded town called Farnhamville, where it breaks down. At the same time, they come across another traveller who is looking for his missing sister . Stranded, Clifford and Gloria check into a small motel owned by an old lady named Mrs. Wainwright. While inside, the old lady treats the couple to an urban legend, the \'Cannibal Girls\'. It is about three beautiful but psychotic women named Anthea, Clarissa, and Leona, who lured men with their seductive charm to their home only to feast on them while alive. And by eating their victims and drinking their blood, the girls maintained their youthfulness and immortality. They have a freakish little servant called \'Bunker\'. Clarissa kills the first victim in a secluded room, with both of them naked. She stabs him in the gut with a pair of scissors. For the second victim, Leona does not exactly kill him, but she slowly stalks him with a knife, providing a diversion for Anthea to hack the man with an axe. The third victim wakes up the next day, wondering where all the other guys have gone. Later on, he makes love to Anthea. When he wakes up, he finds himself tied to a bed, surrounded by all three girls. At first they lick his belly, then they eat him alive right on the spot. Later, Mrs. Wainwright takes Clifford and Gloria to a small bed and breakfast house where the Cannibal Girls supposedly lived years before. There, they maintain some company in the host only known as the Reverend Alex St. John. The couple does not realize it, but their dinner is being served by the three Cannibal Girls themselves. The Reverend is the force behind the women\'s activities and possesses a charismatic hold on the entire town as well. Clifford and Gloria try to leave for the night, but a thunderstorm and a warning of an escaped lunatic from the Reverend prompts the couple to stay overnight. While Clifford and Gloria try to fall asleep, the traveller who was looking for his sister gets murdered by the local police as a special request from the Reverend himself. The town residents hold a gathering dedicated to the Reverend Alex St. John. Anthea, Clarissa, and Leona are fully naked standing around a small table offering their blood in a chalice to the Reverend, while chanting: "Within me and without me I honor the blood which gives me life." Then Gloria has a scary nightmare where Clifford is tied to the bed. The Reverend and the three girls force her to sacrifice Clifford. She wakes up from the nightmare, and Clifford tells her it was all a dream. For the whole day, Clifford becomes distant from Gloria and speaks to her in a demanding way. Gloria cannot place a call to her parents since the phonelines are not working. And she cannot leave town because the busses will not leave until the next morning. Clifford also develops a craving for the food that is served in the town\'s small diners, which is of course human meat. They are picked up by the sheriff and are taken back to the bed and breakfast house occupied by the Cannibal Girls. When they walk inside, it is revealed that Clifford will offer Gloria as a sacrifice to the Reverend in exchange for his life. However, the Reverend has a change of heart, as he offers Gloria a mace. Fueled by her anger for her boyfriend\'s betrayal, Gloria mercilessly swings the mace into Clifford\'s stomach, killing him. During the final scene, The Reverend, Anthea, Clarissa, Leona, Bunker, and Gloria are seated at the table, with Clifford as the meal. At first Gloria is hesitant to eat her former boyfriend, but after a sign of encouragement from the Reverend, she happily digs in. In the epilogue, it turns out that this entire event is actually being told by Mrs. Wainwright, this time about four Cannibal Girls to another couple stranded in their town. And the old lady is also recommending the bed and breakfast place to them, too. It is implied the young woman with her boyfriend will become another Cannibal Girl...'] ['Troma Entertainment co-founder and B-movie director and producer Lloyd Kaufman plays the Crap Keeper. He presents the viewers with two horror stories that contain gore, nudity, fat men, talking penises, lesbian scenes, vampires, UFOs, and appearances by porn star Ron Jeremy and the band New Found Glory. The film was purportedly shot over three years with six directors and close to fifteen writers.allmovie (('] ['While searching for a Christmas present for his teenage son, Randall Peltzer  discovers a small, furry creature called a Mogwai in an antique store in Chinatown. The owner of the store refuses to sell the Mogwai on the grounds that owning one is too great a responsibility. However, as Randall is leaving the store, the owner\'s grandson  sells Randall the creature stating that the family needs the money. The boy gives Randall three specific instructions in caring for the Mogwai: never expose it to bright light ; never get it wet ; and, most importantly: never, ever feed it after midnight. Randall takes the Mogwai, which he gives the name "Gizmo", to his family in the town of Kingston Falls. The following evening, Randall gives Gizmo to his son Billy . A glass of water is accidentally spilled on Gizmo, causing him to convulse and produce five new Mogwai from his own body. One of the Mogwai, dubbed Stripe for his white quiff of hair, acts as their leader, but is very hostile to Gizmo. Curious to learn more about Mogwai, Billy takes Gizmo to his science teacher, Mr. Hanson , and produces a sixth new Mogwai. Leaving the new Mogwai with Mr. Hanson, on which he will conduct tests, Billy returns home, and the other five Mogwai trick him into feeding them after midnight by biting the cord of his alarm clock. In the morning, Billy discovers the Mogwai have turned into cocoons. Gizmo, having virtuously refused the food earlier, remains unchanged. In the meantime, the sixth Mogwai steals Hanson\'s sandwich and cocoons itself. During a film, it hatches and breaks out of its cage, hiding in the dark corners of the room. Hanson tries to reason with it and bribe it with a candy bar, but the Mogwai eats it and attacks Hanson. Billy arrives and finds the Mogwai has turned into a reptilian monster. Elsewhere, the other Mogwai hatch into "gremlins", mischievous reptilian creatures with sharp teeth and claws. They attack Billy\'s mother , who is able to escape with Billy\'s help, and the gremlins are killed. Stripe escapes and leaps into a swimming pool, creating hundreds of new gremlins who go on a rampage through the town. Billy and Gizmo rescue Billy\'s girlfriend Kate Beringer  when the Gremlins overrun the tavern where she works. Billy, Kate, and Gizmo discover that the gremlins have temporarily stopped their rampage and have assembled in the local movie theater to watch Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs. The three set off an explosion that kills the gremlins and destroys the theater, but their celebrations are cut short when Kate spots Stripe in the window of a nearby Montgomery Ward store. Billy follows and battles Stripe, who leaps into a water fountain intending to multiply again. Before he can multiply, Gizmo opens a set of window blinds, causing sunlight to pour into the store, killing Stripe. As the Peltzers recover from the rampage, the antique store owner arrives to claim Gizmo, claiming that the Western world is not yet ready for the responsibilities that come with caring for a Mogwai, but that Billy may someday be ready to properly care for Gizmo.'] ['Television news celebrity April Carson , working for station manager Fred Sandy , turns to the services of private investigator Isaac Beaumonde  to seek her missing sister, a stripper known as Gigi Spot .{{cite news | urlThe Big Screen: Slasher film risks running afoul of C-10 | accessdate26 May 2008 | firstVlessing | publisherReutersHR>{{cite news | titlehttp://www.reuters.com/article/filmNews/idUSN1343783720080514 | publisher2008-07-27 | dateEtan | lastimagination-llc.com>Imagination Worldwide: Smash Cut synopsis'] ['Against her father\'s orders, teenager Amy visits a sleazy traveling fun fair with her new boyfriend Buzz, her best friend Liz, and Liz\'s irresponsible boyfriend, Richie. At the carnival, the four teens smoke marijuana, peep into a 21-and-over strip show, heckle fortune teller Madame Zena, visit the freaks-of-nature exhibit, and view a magic show. Richie dares the group to spend the night in "The Funhouse"—actually a dark ride. After the park closes, the teenagers settle down inside the ride, at which point they witness the ride assistant—a man in a Frankenstein suit who never speaks—engage Zena as a prostitute. He experiences premature ejaculation, but despite his request Zena will not return her $100 fee. He murders her in a violent rage. The teenagers try to leave, but find themselves locked inside the ride. As they attempt to escape, Richie secretly steals the money from the safe from which "Frankenstein\'s monster" took Zena\'s fee. The ride\'s barker, Conrad Straker, discovers what "Frankenstein\'s monster"—his adopted son Gunther—has done to Zena. Conrad also realizes that the money is missing. Thinking Gunther took it, he attacks him. Gunther\'s mask is removed revealing a gruesomely deformed face with sharp protruding teeth and ruby-red eyes. The teens see this, and Conrad realizes someone is watching. He stalks the ride to eliminate any witnesses and heckles Gunther into a murderous rage. Various ride props are used as murder weapons. The teens die one at a time by the hands of Conrad and Gunther, until only Amy and Buzz remain. Buzz kills Conrad, but is then killed by Gunther. During a showdown between Gunther and Amy in the funhouse\'s maintenance area, Gunther is electrocuted and crushed to death between two spinning gears. As dawn breaks, Amy emerges from the funhouse while the animatronic fat lady perched atop the ride laughs.'] ['The film opens with a reenactment of final scenes of Waxwork, with Mark and Sarah leaving the burning waxwork . The disembodied zombie hand from the first film follows Sarah to her run-down flat and kills her stepfather with a hammer, a murder for which Sarah is blamed. No one believes her story about the evil waxwork. In the hope of gathering evidence, Mark and Sarah visit the late Sir Wilfred\'s home, where they find a filmreel of Sir Wilfred speaking of his and Mark\'s grandfather\'s adventures and of the artifacts they collected together. A secret switch in Sir Wilfred\'s chessboard opens a door to a room full of objects where Mark and Sarah find a small compass-like device. They learn this device was used in history by light and dark angels to travel through another dimension consisting of stories that have become realities (including homages to Frankenstein, The Haunting, Invasion of the Body Snatchers, Dr. Jekyll, [[Alien . According to exposition later given by Sir Wilfred in the form of a raven, these worlds comprise "God\'s video game," where God and the devil battle over the fate of the world, each victory being reflected in events occurring in the real world. When Mark or Sarah appear in each reality they take on the persona of characters in those stories, sometimes having their personalities and memories taken over by those characters until they regain their senses. Mark plans to gather evidence of the reanimated dead to bring back to the real world as proof of Sarah\'s story in court. After several failed attempts and being lost in one world after another, they battle with an evil sorcerer and Mark is able to send Sarah home with an animated zombie hand as proof of her story. Unable to return with her, Mark instead arranges to have another compass delivered to Sarah after her trial ends so she can rejoin him.'] ['A wealthy, over-the-hill actress named Laura Winters  hires pilot Grant Murdoch  to fly her and her assistant Jan Letterman  to Provincetown, but a storm forces them to land on a small island. They soon meet Prof. Peter Bartell  a marine biologist with a German accent who is living in seclusion on the isle. After a series of strange skeletons wash ashore  it turns out the water has become inhabited by some sort of glowing microbe which apparently devours flesh rapaciously. Bartell is a former US Government agent who was sent to Nazi Germany to recover as much of their scientific data as possible. He was chosen for the job for his scientific skills and knowledge of the German language. Using the methods learned there he hopes to cultivate a group of monstrous "flesh eaters" that can devour the skin off a screaming victim in mere seconds. A beatnik named Omar  joins the group after becoming shipwrecked on their shore. Tensions mount after the plane drifts off into the ocean, leaving the castaways and Bartell as potential meals for the ravenous monsters. High-voltage electrification  is utilized in an attempt to slay the monsters. Bartell explains that he has been tracking these creatures and attempting to cultivate them to sell as biological weapons. Soon after it is discovered that the electrical shock instead increases their powers. The high voltage causes the numerous smaller creatures to join into a larger version. By accident, the survivors stumble upon the solution. The creatures devour flesh but not blood, as in each case that remains have been found blood has been present. Bartell surmises that the creatures have a negative reaction to hemoglobin and when directly injected with it the creatures are indeed slain. Following a struggle Bartell is killed just before Murdoch destroys the last of the creatures.'] ['Cynthia Nelson , a teacher at the local orphanage, talks with a pastor while watching the sun set before getting ready for a fund raising costume party. Cynthia mentions the "Santa Ana Winds"; while she thinks nothing of the weather, the pastor sees them as an evil omen. One of the orphans, Tommy, wanders into the nearby cemetery where he faintly hears a voice ordering something "To rise, it is time." Vampire brides rise from their graves and chase Tommy into the clutches of Count Yorga. Yorga, having been in the area for awhile creating his undead female harem and hiding them in the cemetery, has purchased a manor next to the orphanage with the intent of preying on the children and staff there to satisfy his and his vampire brides\' thirst for blood. In his human guise, he visits the costume party and introduces himself to the people there. He falls in love with Cynthia and, returning back to his manor, sends his undead brides to her house, using mind control to get Cynthia\'s family into one room before the brides break in and attack them. Cynthia\'s father and mother are killed outright after being drained of their blood. While Cynhtia\'s sister, Ellen, likewise is fed upon and transformed into a new vampire bride to serve Yorga. Tommy, however is untouched having fallen under Yorga\'s power, blankly looking on as the carnage unfolds. Cynthia is subdued  and carried by the brides to Yorga\'s residence where she awakens with no memory of the attack. Yorga tells Cynthia that her family were in a car accident and she was left in his care during their recovery. Yorga tries to charm the young woman into willingly becoming his bride though he is warned by his live-in witch that Cynthia will bring his end if he doesn\'t kill her soon. The next morning, Jennifer, the Nelsons\' mute maid, finds the massacre scene the next morning and calls the police. By the time the police arrive though, all of the evidence has mysteriously been cleared away, and Tommy claims that nothing has happened. Later that same morning, Bruddah--Yorga\'s hulking, facially disfigured servant  drags the corpses of Cynthia\'s mother and father to a quicksand pit on Yorga\'s property, disposing of the physical evidence. Despite the confusion, David Baldwin, Cynthia\'s fiancé, is suspicious about the Nelsons\' disappearance. Yorga aware of this, picks off those who Cynthia has ties to, killing or turning her friends as he continues to try and convert Cynthia. However, the memories of the attack on her family slowly start to resurface in Cynthia\'s mind. Jennifer--still facing doubts about Tommy\'s involvement with the Nelson\'s disappearance and visits to Yorga\'s mansion--loses her patience, slapping Tommy, who later stares at her in a chillingly vengeful manner. Hours later, Jason--Ellen\'s fiancé--is lured to Yorga\'s mansion by Tommy, on the condition he  would be reunited with Ellen. Once at the mansion, Tommy disappears, while Jason meets the vampirized Ellen, who taunts Jason, just as the rest of Yorga\'s brides attack. Jason breaks free, only to run into the attacking Count Yorga, who chases Jason down a hall, eventually strangling him. Bruddah tosses Jason\'s body into the throne/coffin room for the brides--including Ellen--to feed on. That evening, Reverend Thomas calls Jennifer by phone, but it is revealed she lay dead on her bed with a large knife sticking out of her chest. From her window, Tommy can be seen walking away from the house. After Thomas learns  of Jennifer\'s death, David is assured he is correct about the Count\'s true nature and manages to convince Reverend Thomas and investigating police detectives Lt. Madden and Sgt. O\'Connor to join him in a rescue mission at Yorga\'s mansion. Reverend Thomas is sent to distract Yorga while Baldwin, Madden and O\'Connor sneak in elsewhere. However the pastor lets slip of the plan while speaking to Yorga and is killed when he\'s tricked into walking into the quicksand pit. Baldwin spilts from the detectives to expand the room search, and upon opening one door discovers Jason\'s corpse, covered in bloody bite marks, with an IV draining remaining blood from his neck and into a glass bottle on the floor beneath him. Later, Baldwin finally finds the half-mind controlled Cynthia, and attempts to escape, however, he is nearly beaten by Bruddah until Baldwin uses a suit of armor\'s metal mace to knock Bruddah out with a violent blow to the face. Police detectives Madden and O\'Connor--up to this point having balked at Baldwin\'s vampire claims--are now believers on the run from Count Yorga\'s brides , but encounter a revived, vengeful and bloodied Bruddah, who the detectives promptly shoot to death. The officers, desperately trying to find means of escape, cannot, as vampiric power shuts all possible escape routes. The policemen are soon killed: O\'Connor is separated in the brides\' throne/coffin room, and immediately bitten by the witch  as Madden helplessly listens to O\'Connor\'s death screams. Moments later, Madden hears a whispering voice call his name from a corridor; thinking it is Baldwin, he runs to the source, but yells out, as he is stabbed in the chest--collapsing to his death. Tommy\'s sneakered feet walk by the body, indicating he was responsible for murdering Madden . Baldwin and Cynthia are the only ones left but as they try to escape, Yorga\'s brides block their every exit. Soon the two are cornered by Yorga and his undead harem. Yorga grabs Cynthia and takes her away to simply transform her into a new bride while leaving his army of brides to finish off Baldwin. Baldwin somehow escapes the brides and gives pursuit , chasing the two up to the balcony. The two men fight with Yorga having the advantage until Cynthia regains her memories of Yorga killing her family. She strikes Yorga in the chest with Baldwin\'s battle axe, and Baldwin then throws Yorga off the balcony. Yorga lays crumpled on the ground, apparently dead. Cynthia hugs Baldwin, believing the ordeal over. However, she notices something wrong and pulls away. Gasping in horror as she sees that Baldwin now has pale skin and bite marks on his face; Baldwin has become a vampire . Cynthia tries to run from him, but Baldwin pulls her back. Cynthia\'s can only gasp out a "No!" as Baldwin bites her, dooming her to a life as a vampire which he ironically was trying to prevent not moments ago. The last shot of the movie is Tommy playing with his ball in front of the manor that the vampires occupy as a haunting rendition of a song the children choir was singing at the beginning plays. With all who know of the vampires dead or turned into the walking undead themselves, there\'s nothing to stop the vampires from feeding on the orphanage just as Yorga intended.'] ['In 1959, on board a space ship, two aliens race to keep an experiment from being released by a third member of the crew. The seemingly possessed third alien shoots the canister into space where it crashes to Earth. Nearby, a college man takes his date to a parking spot when they see a falling star and investigate. Unfortunately, it lands in the path of an escaped criminally insane mental patient. As his date is attacked by the axe-wielding maniac, the boy finds the canister, from which a small leech-like thing jumps out and into his mouth. 28 years later, Chris Romero is pining over a love lost, being supported by his handicapped friend J.C. During pledge week at Corman University, Chris spots a girl, Cynthia Cronenberg, and seems to fall instantly in love. To get her attention, he decides that he must join a fraternity. As a part of their pledge , they must steal a cadaver from the university medical center and place it on the steps of the Phi Omega Gamma house. Chris and J.C. find one in a top secret room that is being kept in a state of suspended animation, but when it grabs one of their arms as they try to move it, they lose their nerve and run back to their dorm room. Meanwhile, Detective Ray Cameron, a cop that dated the girl killed back in 1959 and is haunted by the memories of what he found that night, is called in to the cryogenics lab break-in where there were two bodies, but one is now missing. The missing body is the one released from its cryogenics tomb - the same boy who found the alien experiment back in 1959. This missing body makes its way back to the same sorority house where he picked up his date 27 years earlier. The walking corpse comes to Cynthia\'s window where his head splits open and more of the leech creatures fall out and slither across the ground. Called to the scene, Ray finds the body with a large open wound in the face, similar to one that could have been made by an axe. The next day, Chris and J.C. are confronted by the frat brothers, upset over the fact that they believe they are responsible for the previous night\'s incident. After surviving their encounter, they are then taken in for questioning by the police. Based on the testimony of a janitor that witnessed them running out of university medical center, "screaming like banshees," they confess to breaking in, but deny taking the corpse out. That night, the attendant found dead gets up from his slab and runs into the same janitor. After the dead and buried cat of one of the sorority sisters comes back, Cynthia confesses it to Chris and J.C. and goes on about the dead body found at the sorority house. Although both are skeptical of her story about them being zombies, J.C. sees that she is leaning on Chris\' shoulder, and leaves the two alone to go to the bathroom, where the now-possessed janitor enters and lets loose more of the slugs. As Chris walks Cynthia back to the sorority house, he runs into Cameron who has overheard the entire story. Back at Ray\'s home, the two talk about their high school sweethearts. Ray\'s story is more elaborate as he goes on about how they broke up and he became a cop and how he was called out to the site where she had been hacked up by a lunatic. He goes on to tell of how he tracked down the escaped patient, killed him and buried him in the same spot on which the House Mother\'s cottage now sits. Just then, Ray gets a call where the House Mother has been hacked up to death by the axe-wielding corpse that broke in through the floor. The killer is finally tracked down and cornered by the police, but numerous gunshots have no effect. Cameron then takes his shotgun and blows its head off, which releases more of the little creeps. The next night, everyone is getting ready for the formal when Chris notices a tape recorder on which J.C. has recorded a posthumous message to his friend, telling him that one of the things has incubated in his brain and that he had discovered, after lighting one with a match, that heat can destroy them. Chris then runs into the boiler room, where his friend has told him he was headed in an attempt to kill those inside him. Chris then shows up at Ray\'s place, which Ray has sealed up, and he fills him in. After grabbing his gun and turning off the gas, he takes Chris to a police armory to get a flamethrower. They come to the sorority house just as Cynthia is breaking up with Brad who has become possessed. After killing him, the Delta fraternity brothers show up - despite having been killed in a bus crash. While Chris and Cynthia team up with shotgun and flamethrower to destroy the dead outside, Cameron does likewise inside. After stopping the horde, Chris spots more slugs racing across the ground that are headed into the house\'s basement. Cynthia remembers that this is where specimen brains are being kept. When they go down below, they find Cameron, tape across his mouth, prepping a can of gasoline. They also find the creatures gathered in a huge swarm in the corner. Cameron begins counting down as he splashes gasoline everywhere. Cynthia and Chris turn and run out of the house, counting down in sync with Cameron. Cameron fills the basement with gas and just as some of the parasites leap at him, he flicks his lighter and the house goes up in a fiery explosion. Watching the sorority house burn, Chris and Cynthia share a kiss. The scene ends when the dog that caused the bus accident returns, opens its mouth, and a slug jumps out.NIGHT OF THE CREEPS'] ["Transylmania is a story of a group of not-too-bright American college kids on a semester abroad at the only college that would accept them: The Razvan University. This movie is a Spoof horror in which a group of college kids do a semester abroad in Romania and realise that if the partying doesn't kill them, the vampires just might.Transylmania Red Band Trailer Offers Lots of Naughty"] ["Serial murderer and rapist Abbot Hayes disappears from the morgue and becomes the leader of several waves of zombies that attack his home town. Fourteen years after the last zombie attack, a businessman relocates bodies from a local cemetery to pave the way for progress, but sets in motion Abbot's next undead assault."] ['The film opens with Katie  and Becca  meeting a gruesome, supernatural death seven days after watching a cursed videotape ([[The Ring . They die when the TV turns on by itself. In a farm outside Washington D.C., a widowed farmer and former reverend, Tom Logan  and his clumsy brother George  are walking through the farmfields when they discover a crop circle ([[Signs . The "circle" is part of a large arrow carved into the crops which point at the Logan house and spells out "ATTACK HERE". Since the previous film, the gang have all gone their separate ways. In Washington, Cindy Campbell , now an anchorwoman, announces the crop circles on the news and afterwards has an argument with her boss. He only wants stories featuring sex, violence and the weather. She later picks up her paranormally endowed nephew Cody  from school, where her best friend Brenda Meeks  now works as a teacher and is no longer dating Ray Wilkins . George Logan arrives to pick up his niece Sue, who is in the same class. George and Cindy are instantly smitten and he invites Cindy and Brenda to a rap-battle with his rapper friends Mahalik  and CJ ([[Kevin Hart  ([[8 Mile . Later that evening, George competes proves to actually be quite talented. But due to some unintentional racist blunders, he is thrown out. Following the battle, Brenda asks Cindy to keep her company, since she watched the cursed videotape herself. After playing several pranks on Cindy, she gets the rest of the popcorn in the lounge and is killed by the undead girl, Tabitha , who emerges from the set. George receives a phone call about the death and Tom meets with Sayaman, who apologises for the accident involving himself and Tom\'s wife Annie . During Brenda\'s wake, George and Mahalik wreak havoc on Brenda\'s corpse trying to bring her back to life. Cindy decides to watch the tape for herself and is also cursed. She calls George, CJ and Mahalik for help. CJ offers that his Aunt Shaneequa, might be able to help. Aunt Shaneequa , the Matrix The Oracle, and her husband Orpheus  agree to watch the tape. Shaneequa discovers the hidden image of a lighthouse, which Cindy must find to solve the mystery. When Cindy returns home, she finds that Cody watched the tape, condemning him to certain death. Back at work, Cindy searches through pictures of lighthouses, before finding the one from the tape. Desperate to save Cody\'s life, Cindy tries to warn everyone by entering a message into the news anchor\'s teleprompter, but she is interrupted by her boss and a janitor. The Logans hear the message and take it seriously since they encountered an alien disguised as Michael Jackson, and President Baxter Harris , who personally visits the farm to investigate the crop circles. Cindy ventures to the lighthouse, where she encounters The Architect . The loquacious  old man explains the story behind the killer tape. Tabitha was his evil adopted daughter, whom his wife drowned in the farm\'s well, but not before she imprinted her evil onto the tape. Unfortunately, he mistook the evil tape for a copy of Pootie Tang and returned it to Blockbuster Inc. instead, unleashing the curse. Returning home, Cindy discovers that her station has been broadcasting the evil tape for hours, and there have been various sightings of aliens around the world. Worse, Cody is missing. Cindy manages to track him back to the Logan farm, where he has taken refuge with George. Tom orders everybody into the basement for safety, as he, George and Mahalik go outside to fight off the extraterrestrials. The aliens  arrive, but reveal that they are in fact friendly and have come to stop Tabitha, since they accidentally watched the tape on a broadcast they had intercepted, thinking it was Pootie Tang. In the basement, Cindy realizes that the farm\'s cellar is what is seen on the tape and she finds the well where Tabitha was drowned under the cellar floor. Suddenly, Tabitha appears behind her. A short fight ensues, during which Tabitha takes Cody hostage. Cindy and George appeal to her, offering her a place in their family. Tabitha appears to accept the offer, and Cindy replies with "Really?" but Tabitha also replies with "Nah I\'m just screwing with you." and advances to Cindy and the others, but is accidentally knocked back into the well by President Harris. The aliens leave in peace, and Cindy and George get married. Leaving for their honeymoon, they realize they forget to take Cody with them, and the boy gets hit by a car while chasing them down the road.'] ['Brian  begins an unwilling symbiotic relationship with a malevolent slug-like brain-eating parasite called "Aylmer" . Aylmer secretes a highly addictive, hallucinogenic blue fluid into Brian\'s brain. In return for a steady supply of the fluid, Brian must seek out victims for Aylmer, so that he can devour their brains. The film was largely a metaphor for drug addiction.'] ["Basket case is about a young man named Duane Bradley  whose Siamese twin brother lives in a basket. At birth, the monstrous twin with a swollen claw-like hand was attached to Duane's side. At an early age, they were surgically separated against their will. Duane's twin deeply resented being cut-off from his normal-looking brother. After the mutilation of Dr. Lifflander in the quiet town of Glens Falls, the brothers go to New York. The hideous twin is carried around in a large basket wherever his brother goes. Neither brother can rest until they avenge their surgical separation by killing the doctors responsible.DVD-Covers: Basket Case"] ["Julian Marsh , an unemployed young lothario, is forced by his doctor dad  to accept a job directing an off-Broadway play called Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Undead, which is described as a weird adaptation of Hamlet. The play has been written by a mysterious, pallid Romanian named Theo Horace , a vampire who has just killed a young woman . Unaware of the danger that surrounds Theo’s play, Julian casts his best friend Vince  as Hamlet and uses his new job to impress his ex-girlfriend, Anna , an aspiring actress. To Julian’s dismay, Anna has taken up with a shady businessman named Bobby Bianchi , who has reputed ties to the Mafia. When Anna is cast as Ophelia, she slowly gets involved with Theo. The roles of Rosencrantz and Guildenstern in Theo’s play are filled by Carlo  and Mickey , two narcissistic actors as foolish as the characters they are cast to play. Opening night draws near and people begin to die. Two bumbling New York City detectives  chase suspects as the movie builds to its climactic sequence.Official film website  Theo's play, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Undead, is revealed in short segments throughout the movie. Its basic plot points are that Hamlet’s friend Horatio  is a master vampire, over 2000 years old, who had once lived in ancient Rome. Through a series of twists and turns, Hamlet and his simple-minded friends, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, become vampires themselves. When Horatio attempts to turn Hamlet’s girlfriend Ophelia into a vampire, she thwarts him by drowning herself first. Hamlet angrily confronts Horatio but discovers that one vampire cannot kill another. His only hope of reversing the curse that rendered him a vampire is to find the Holy Grail and drink from it. Horatio also becomes obsessed with finding the Grail in order to destroy it. The battle for the Grail between Hamlet and Horatio lasts for centuries and leads to the creation of four plays, each concealing a secret message. The first is Shakespeare's Hamlet, written at Horatio’s bidding. The second is Rosencrantz and Guildenstern, written in the nineteenth century by W. S. Gilbert . The third is Tom Stoppard's Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Dead, written in 1964. The final play in the cycle is this one, Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Undead, written by Horatio himself under the name Theo Horace. Its purpose: to lure the real Hamlet into a final confrontation."] ['Melvin Ferd III  is a stereotypical 98-pound weakling. He works as a janitor at a health club in the fictional Tromaville, New Jersey. There, he is tormented by his customers, particularly Bozo , Slug , Wanda , and Julie , who harass and tease him constantly. The Mayor of Tromaville is Peter Belgoody  who unknown to the citizens of the town is also the leader of a massive Tromaville crime ring, but hides this fact by promoting good will and proposed justice to the town as a cover-up. As days go by Melvin\'s tormentors grow more and more violent, even killing a young boy on a bike by running him over with their car and taking photos of the carnage afterwards. Finally one day, they trick Melvin into wearing a pink tutu and kissing a sheep. He is chased around the health club by other customers and jumps out of a second story window. He lands in a drum of toxic waste which immediately causes severe burns and disfigurement. Despite the burning chemicals even causing him to burst into flames, Melvin survives and stumbles home. Drawing a bath to try and scrub some of the chemical residue from his horribly scarred flesh, Melvin begins his transformation into a hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength. Elsewhere, a group of drug dealers led by the criminal Cigar Face  are harassing a police officer by the name of O\'Clancy , trying to buy him off. When he refuses to accept the money, Cigar Face and his gang attack and brutalize him. Then, just as Cigar Face prepare to castrate Officer O\'Clancy with his gun, a large creature  comes out of nowhere and violently kills the criminals Knuckles  and Nipples . Then he then leaves a mop on their faces as a call sign. Cigar Face survives, but has had his testicles smashed by the creature before escaping. O\'Clancy is initially terrified of the creature but soon learns he was only trying to help him as the creature approaches him and politely apologizes for his behavior as he has "never done this sort of thing before". The officer\'s rescuer, dubbed the "Monster Hero", is the now profoundly mutated Melvin. He tries to return home, but his mother  ends up fainting upon the sight of him. Wracked with sorrow, the Monster Hero builds a makeshift home in the junkyard. Mayor Belgoody is shocked at the deaths of some of his goons, but is still confident that the Monster will not come looking for him, hoping that one of his goons will kill him eventually. Elsewhere in Tromaville, a gang of three men consisting of Leroy , Frank , and Rico ([[Michael Russo  are holding up a Mexican fast food restaurant called "The Mexican Place." Leroy kills one of the patrons  and Frank attacks a blind woman named Sarah  after Leroy kills her guide dog. Frank attempts to rape her, but is attacked by the Monster Hero who ends up ripping off Frank\'s right arm. He wreaks bloody vengeance on the three men: Leroy is first covered in whipped cream  before having a milkshake-stirrer rammed into his throat, Rico has his hands and wrists plunged into a deep-fryer, and Frank is stuffed in an oven. The Monster Hero takes Sarah back to her home where they begin to get to know one another and progressively fall in love. The Monster Hero returns to the Health Club, killing a drug dealer  by crushing his face with a weight lifting machine. There, he attacks popular girl Wanda. Afterwards, the Monster is relieving himself in a back alley when a limo pulls up and a pimp tries to push a 12-year-old girl onto him. When he starts to fight back to save the girl, a group of men come out of the limo. He fights them all off and saves the girl. The Monster Hero soon starts building up a friendly reputation in Tromaville by doing all sorts of "superhero" work from saving two younger boys from being run over by Bozo\'s car to even helping the elderly to cross the street. Meanwhile, Mayor Belgoody is becoming more and more aware about what is happening to his goons as not only are they being killed one-by-one by the Monster Hero, but some of them are also turning themselves over to the police for their own safety. He is now worried that their deaths will lead up to him sooner than he expects and wants the Monster Hero to be taken care of. One night, Cigar Face returns  and brings along a new group of Belgoody\'s goons to surround the Monster with guns. Before they fire on him, he jumps up to a fire escape and they end up shooting and killing each other with Cigar Face getting away. The Monster Hero returns to the health club again and attacks Julie. Soon afterwards, he confronts the last of his tormentors Bozo and Slug who have attacked an old woman  and stolen her car when Julie doesn\'t show up. Bozo and Slug try to run him over, but the Monster jumps on top of the car and grabs Slug crushing his neck and throwing him out of the moving car. The Monster Hero then confronts Bozo by grabbing him by the face and terrifies him by revealing himself as Melvin from the accident to a horrified Bozo. After several accidents that occur because of Bozo\'s driving, the Monster tears off the wheel to the car causing Bozo to drive off the side of a cliff. The car crashes and bursts into flames burning Bozo alive, but unaffecting the monster. One day, when the Monster Hero kills a seemingly innocent old midget woman in a dry cleaning store  by throwing her into the store\'s washing machine, the Monster Hero wanders back to his junkyard home revealing his true identity to Sarah and feeling terrified and guilty for what he has become. Sarah however tells Melvin that she still loves him no matter what he looks like and the two decide to move away from the city and take a tent into nearby woods. However, Belgoody finds out about the Monster Hero\'s "mishap" and uses this opportunity to call in the National Guard in hopes of finally killing him. Soon Sarah and the Monster are discovered in the woods and now surrounded by both the National Guard and the townspeople. Mayor Belgoody comes intent on killing him . But thanks to the Monster\'s kind duties to the town, the people of Tromaville including the Monster Hero\'s mother will have none of it. Mayor Belgoody\'s evil ways are exposed after he threatens to kill O\'Clancy for trying to take his gun away from him, and the Monster Hero proceeds to rip out Belgoody\'s organs to see if he has "any guts". The film ends with the townspeople\'s celebration at the Monster\'s acceptance and a reassuring epilogue that wherever evil brews in Tromaville, Melvin the Monster Hero, now dubbed the "Toxic Avenger", will be there to protect the town.'] ['The "Times Square Freak Twins" Duane  and Belial Bradley join Doctor Granny Ruth and her family of "unique individuals" for a road trip through the Deep South. Belial is going to become a proud monster father of an ungodly brood. However, a pair of warped sheriff\'s deputies kidnap Belial\'s babies. Granny Ruth and the family strike back, and Belial single-handedly decimates the local police station.custoManiacs: Basket Case 3 DVD Cover'] ['A reporter is bitten by a werewolf in Hungary and then becomes the press assistant to the president of the United States of America. When the reporter says he is a werewolf, no one believes him, and many think it is the work of maniacs or hippies.'] ['The protagonist, space archaeologist Simon Watterman, discovers a fossilized "Munchie" in a cave in Peru. Bringing the specimen back to the United States, Watterman\'s son and girlfriend accidentally reanimate it and name it Arnold. Cecil Watterman, Simon\'s evil twin brother and snack food entrepreneur, kidnaps Arnold while Cindy and Paul are making out. When Arnold is hurt by his kidnappers, it becomes aggressive and attacks Cecil\'s adopted son. Attempting to kill Arnold, they chop him into quarters, but instead of dying, Arnold multiplies into four new munchies. The quartet of creatures develop a love of women, beer, attacking people, and junk food in the process.'] ['Batwoman employs the services of several young female agents known as "Batgirls", in her pursuit of justice. Her archenemy is a masked villain named "Rat Fink". Added to the mix is the President and Vice-President of the "Ayjax" Corporation. The company, using plutonium as its fuel source, has created a powerful listening device called "The Atomic Hearing Aid", which allows for limitless eavesdropping. The company has been ordered to destroy the hearing aid by the US Government when the government turned down the offer to buy the listening device  but the President of the company has refused to do so and now is being confronted by Rat Fink about selling him the device. The Vice President of Ayjax recruits Batwoman to protect the device but Rat Fink\'s minions use drugged bowls of soup to drug Batwoman and her allies and steal the device. The two storm the lair and retrieve it, unmasking Rat Fink and converting several of his minions to the side of justice after they fall in love with the Batgirls.'] ['Poindexter Williams, known as \'Fool\', is a resident of a ghetto of Los Angeles. Fool learns that he and his family have been evicted from their apartment by their landlords, the Robesons. Leroy , an acquaintance of Fool\'s sister Ruby, offers to help Fool provide for his family by planning a burglary of the Robesons\' residence after discovering evidence of gold coins in their possession. The Robesons themselves, known only as Daddy  and Mommy  live in a large home in a residential neighborhood with their daughter Alice  whom they terrorize and abuse incessantly. Leroy and his associate Spenser take Fool to the house for reconnaissance, but are foiled; Spenser, posing as a municipal worker, succeeds, but when the Robesons leave the home, Fool and Leroy became suspicious and decide to break in. They find the house is heavily fortified against all forms of escape: doors have industrial locks, and all windows are sound- and shatterproof glass wired and padlocked from the outside. After escaping a vicious attack dog named Prince, they split up; Fool ventures into the dungeon-like basement, where strange noises and figures scurry behind a barricaded corral under the stairwell, and finds Spenser dead on the floor. Terrified, Fool flees and reunites with Leroy as the Robesons return; Leroy is discovered and shot to death by Daddy, while Fool is drawn by a lure into a labyrinth of passageways between the walls that leads to an older section of the house, where he meets Alice. She tells him that the people in the cellar are the former children of her parents who have disobeyed one of the three "see/speak/hear no evil" rules of the household. The children have had the offending body parts amputated as punishment before being imprisoned in the basement, where they have degenerated into cannibalism to survive. Alice has avoided this fate by obeying the rules without question. She also tells him that one of the boys, a mute named Roach , has escaped from the cellar and into the walls, evading Daddy, who relentlessly hunts him through the house with a shotgun while clad in a full-bodied leather BDSM outfit. When the police arrive to inspect Leroy\'s van, the Robesons discover Fool\'s phony Cub Scout uniform and realize he is inside the house. Fool narrowly manages to evade detection with the aid of Roach, but is captured when he is reunited with Alice; Roach escapes, but is shot in the process. He rescues Fool from the cellar after Daddy leaves him for the cannibals, giving him a small bag of gold coins and a written plea to save Alice before succumbing to his wound. Fool ascends the furnace chute to save Alice. Fool punches Daddy as he and Alice escape into the heating ducts. Meanwhile, Daddy finds Roach\'s dead body in the furnace and cremates him. Then Daddy has Prince to kill Fool. It was a failure as Fool uses the dog to avoid his death, inadvertently causing Daddy to accidentally kill Prince. They reach the attic and find an open window below the garden pond, but Alice is too afraid to jump and Fool is forced to do so without her after Daddy discovers them. Fool climbs over the fence to freedom, but yells to Alice that he will return for her. Once home, his grandfather Booker  plans to pawn the coins to pay for the family\'s rent and a life-saving operation for Fool\'s mother. He also tells them that the Robesons are not spouses, but siblings, the last of a mortician family that built a fortune based on exorbitant pricing and unscrupulous real estate deals. Greed and paranoia eventually drove them into incestuous procreation, and each generation has become increasingly unstable and psychotic. Fool alerts the police, and sneaks back into the house as the Robesons successfully hide their actions with a clever charade. After the police leave, they ambush him, but he frees himself and climbs towards the attic, where he finds Alice bound to the chimney. Once informed that she was kidnapped by the Robesons, she commits to helping him stop them. Fool wanted to escape the same way he did the first time, but Alice warns him that the minute Fool escaped, Daddy has drained the pond with broken glass and rocks on it, sealed off many of the passageways, and wired the entire house with explosives. Fool is cornered by Daddy during a failed surprise attack, but is saved when Ruby, Booker, and the rest of the ghetto converge on the house, distracting them enough for him to escape into the corral. The People Under the Stairs, eager to assist an ally of Roach, take Fool to the vault, where the Robesons have stashed their enormous stores of cash and gold, as well as their stockpile of dynamite. Alice is cornered by Mommy, but the cannibals break out of the basement and chase her to the kitchen, where Alice stabs her with a kitchen knife and denounces her as her mother; they then slit her throat and toss her down the basement steps to be preyed upon by the other children. Distraught, Daddy tracks Fool to the vault, only to find that he has commandeered the detonating wires and threatens to blow up the vault; Daddy attempts a feint, and Fool sets off the detonator. The resulting explosion demolishes most of the house and spits the money up through the crematorium chimney and onto the throngs of people waiting outside; Daddy is thrown through the corral wall and into the sewer, where he dies. Alice and Fool reunite in the basement, the tenants outside reclaim their pilfered fortunes, and the freed People Under the Stairs venture into the night.'] ['The story, narrated by a criminologist, tells the tale of newly-engaged couple Brad Majors and Janet Weiss, who find themselves lost and with a flat tire on a cold and rainy late November evening. Seeking a phone with which to call for help, Brad and Janet walk to a nearby castle, where they discover a group of strange and outlandish people who are holding an Annual Transylvanian Convention. Brad and Janet watch as the Transylvanians, servants and a tap-dancing groupie dance the film\'s signature song, "Time Warp". They are soon swept into the world of Dr. Frank-N-Furter, a self-proclaimed "Sweet Transvestite" from Transsexual, Transylvania. The ensemble of convention attendees also includes servants Riff Raff , his sister Magenta, and a groupie named Columbia. Frank claims to have discovered the "secret to life itself". His creation, Rocky Horror, is brought to life. The ensuing celebration is soon interrupted by Eddie , an ex-delivery boy, partial brain donor to Rocky, and Columbia\'s lover, who rides out of a deep freeze on a motorcycle. In a jealous rage, Frank corners him and kills him with an ice axe. He then departs with Rocky to a bridal suite off of the laboratory. Brad and Janet are shown to separate bedrooms where each is visited and seduced by Frank, who poses as Brad  and then as Janet . Janet, upset and emotional, wanders off to look for Brad, who she discovers, via a television monitor, is having a post-coital chat with Frank. She then discovers Rocky, cowering in his birth tank, hiding from Riff Raff, who has been tormenting him. While tending to his wounds, Janet becomes intimate with Rocky, as Magenta and Columbia watch from their bedroom monitor. After discovering that his creation is missing, Frank, Brad and Riff Raff return to the lab, where Frank learns that an intruder has entered the building. Dr. Everett Scott, Brad and Janet\'s old high school science teacher, has come looking for his nephew, Eddie, but Frank suspects that Dr. Scott investigates UFOs for the government. Upon learning of Brad and Janet\'s connection to Scott, Frank suspects them of working for him. Frank, Dr. Scott, Brad, and Riff Raff then discover Janet and Rocky together under the sheets in Rocky\'s birth tank, upsetting Frank and Brad. Rocky and the guests are served dinner, which they soon realise has been prepared from Eddie\'s mutilated body. Janet runs screaming into Rocky\'s arms and is slapped and chased through the halls of the castle by a jealous Frank. Janet, Brad, Dr. Scott, Rocky and Columbia all meet in Frank\'s lab, where Frank captures them with the Medusa Transducer, transforming them into statues. They are then forced to perform a live cabaret floor show and have a semi-orgy in the pool , with Frank as the leader. The performance is interrupted by Riff Raff and Magenta, who stage a coup and announce their plan to return to their home planet. In the process, they kill Columbia, Rocky and Frank. They release Brad, Janet and Dr. Scott, and then depart by lifting off in the Castle itself. The narrator then finishes the film by concluding that the human race is equivalent to insects crawling on the planet\'s surface.'] ['The movie begins with Jesus Christ sitting on a beach relaxing and comparing the kingdom of God to a sand castle. He meets up with El Santo and a woman named Mary Magnum. Together they fight lesbian-killing vampires. Jesus fights with mixed martial arts skills and uses his carpentry skills to create weapons to slay vampires.'] ['Richard Jacks  is a perfumer fed up working at a major fragrance company, where he is the butt of the joke with much of his fellow employees. His projects are failures and the feminist executive  is thinking of replacing him with a woman. After his great grandfather dies, Jacks attends the will reading and whilst everyone else receives houses, money and boats, Jacks receives a bunch of science notes, something he is far from happy with. He discovers that his ancestor was in fact Dr. Henry Jekyll. Jacks becomes fascinated about the duality of man and starts performing experiments to refine the formula that separates good and evil. Realizing that his ancestor\'s formula increased male aggression, Jacks decides to add more estrogen to the mixture in the hope that it will prove less dangerous. After a night of monitoring his vital stats after ingesting a formula he put together, he gives up and finally attends a job interview. Although everything appears fine at first, Jacks\' voice soon changes, his nails grow and the hairs on his arms recede back under his skin. Jacks looks puzzled but then feels some strange feelings from his genitalia area and watches in horror as his penis deflates, transforming into a vagina. However, he is still in denial and only realizes what\'s happening when his hair grows and he develops breasts, all while still in the job interview. Horrified, he rushes to his workplace, where the changes begin to work on his face and mind. There, he looks into a bathroom mirror and realizes he is now female. Soon his feminine side takes over the personality. The new female alter-ego names herself Helen Hyde  and introduces herself as Jacks\'s beautiful new assistant. She quickly develops a personality independent of her creator  and at this point acts more like a protagonist and is actually quite likeable: she rewrites Jacks\'s reports, is kind to his secretary, and lovingly flirts with his superiors. Over the next few days she rewards herself with a shopping spree and eventually befriends Jacks\' fiancee, Sarah , and has Sarah move out of Jack\'s apartment so she can have it for herself. Hyde is more than happy with her new life and identity up to this point, but soon after transforms back into Jacks. Jacks returns to work the next day, and, after several comments from his colleagues, realizes that Hyde was real but is unable to access any of her memories due to the fact they are now two separate people. Nonetheless, he feels invigorated and invites Sarah to his place for a romantic meal in order to make up for past transgressions. Everything appears to be going well until he realizes he is again transforming into Hyde, causing Sarah to flee. As it turns out, the instability of his grandfather\'s formula has caused his genes to become unstable, causing Hyde and Jacks to transform into each other without warning. Hyde becomes resentful at having to share a body with Jacks and starts taking advantage of her creator\'s absence by sleeping around the office in order to gain the upper hand - even going as far as to have sex with a homosexual man. Just when Hyde is about to have sex with Jacks\' boss, she starts changing back into Jacks and hides herself in the toilet. Jacks then finds himself horrified by the situation he finds himself in and makes his escape via a nearby window; however, this does not prevent Hyde from becoming his superior at work, disfiguring his colleague , and stealing his ideas. As Hyde grows in influence and power, she sets her sights on displacing the CEO of the company, becoming the first woman ever to rise through the ranks. Jacks later tries to retaliate by subverting Hyde\'s authority, which causes her to declare war on her creator. Knowing no-one would believe him, Jacks desperately tries to record the transformation and handcuffs himself to the bed, only to be horrified as Sarah walks in and finds his closet to be full of lingerie. This leads Sarah to believe that he is having an affair with Hyde. It is only after Sarah leaves that Jacks transforms into Hyde once again. Angered at Jacks\' attempt to expose the truth, Hyde proceeds to burn all of his grandfather\'s documents and warns Jacks via a video of her intentions to take over completely. He then realizes that he is actually starting to spend more time as Hyde than himself and that he has to come up with a plan before he disappears completely. Desperate, Jacks tries to humiliate Hyde in front of her superiors by stripping naked and writing obscenities all over his body in hopes that they will walk in on her after she takes over. But Hyde manages to outsmart him by delaying the change, causing his plan to backfire and himself to be fired from the company. He then turns to Sarah for help, but is rejected because of his supposed affair with Hyde. Just when it looks like Hyde is about to complete her quest for domination, Jacks finally manages to convince Sarah about his condition with the help of CCTV footage from the initial transformation. Sarah then agrees to help as Jacks comes up with a formula that would effectively destroy the Hyde part of himself, but he is forced to take it as Hyde within a certain time frame before Hyde\'s DNA can fuse forever. After he transforms into Hyde, Sarah\'s attempts to inject her with the formula but fails—injecting only about 20% of it, causing random body parts to spontaneous transform parts between male and female. A fire soon breaks out in the apartment and Hyde escapes. Hyde arrives at launch of the perfume that she "invented" , but realizes she is still wearing Jacks\'s clothes. An inebriated woman wearing a black dress then runs into her, and, after offering a sly comment on how fabulous the dress looks, Hyde proceeds to steal it. She then enters the party in full splendour and begins intermingling with the guests. However, the effects of the formula causes her to temporarily grow stubble and her breasts to disappear and reappear. Meanwhile, Sarah, who has snuck into the party, hides in the speech podiumbut is caught by a guard and sent out of the party.'] ['The duo of Jerry Miles and Mike Strager are employed as Broadway press agents. Miles and Strager\'s latest idea is to hire a genuine zombie for the opening of a new nightclub. The boys head to the Caribbean island of San Sebastian  where they meet the beautiful cabaret singer Jean la Dance. In exchange for her help, Jean wants passage off the island. Miles and Strager eventually meet up with the zombie expert Professor Renault. Unknown to them, the professor\'s zombie has captured Jean and brought her to the Professor\'s secret laboratory, While Miles and Strager investigate the house, Jean awakes to find herself gagged and strapped to a table as the Professor\'s next test subject. Before he can proceed to give Jean the serum his guard dogs detect intruders. Jean is quickly spirited to a secret dungeon where she is tied up but manages to escape. Strager becomes "zombified" by being under the spell of Renault\'s secret formula and Miles, la Dance, and Strager return home. When Strager comes out of his trance, the boys must face the wrath of Ace Miller, a nightclub owner, who is more frightening then anything they\'ve seen yet.'] ['The first scene sets up the danger of the "Sumatran Rat-Monkey", a hybrid creature that, "according to legend", resulted from the rape of tree monkeys on Skull Island by plague rats: Stewart, an explorer returning from the depths of the island with his guide and team, is carrying a rat-monkey in a cage and is stopped by fierce warrior natives that demand the return of the monkey. Stewart escapes with the cage to the rest of his team and a waiting Jeep, leaving his guide behind and the natives in hot pursuit. As the jeep takes off, Stewart\'s guide catches up and jumps on board. In the ensuing melee, Stewart gets bitten by the Rat-Monkey. Seeing the mark of the monkey\'s bite on his right hand, Stewart\'s men immediately hold down the infected explorer and amputate the appendage. A bite mark is then seen on his left arm, which swiftly results in the removal of that limb. Finally, they see a set of bloody scratches on Stewart\'s forehead and kill him. The title screen follows the man\'s dying scream, and as the opening credits roll the captured rat-monkey is shipped to Wellington Zoo in New Zealand. Wellington, 1957, Lionel Cosgrove lives with his domineering mother, Vera. To his mother\'s dismay, Lionel falls in love with a local shopkeeper\'s daughter, Paquita, and while snooping on the two during a visit to the zoo, Vera is bitten by the Sumatran Rat-Monkey; she subsequently crushes its head. The animal\'s bite slowly turns her into a ravenous zombie. Lionel is horrified, but, ever the dedicated son, is determined to care for her. Despite his efforts to keep her placated with periodic doses of veterinary anesthetic, Vera starts murdering other townspeople, turning them into zombies. He tries to keep them locked away in the basement, while simultaneously trying to maintain his relationship with the completely oblivious Paquita. Vera escapes, however, and is hit by a tram. As the townspeople assume she is dead, Lionel tranquilizes the still-kicking zombie for her funeral. After she is buried, he returns to the graveyard to administer more anesthetic, but is accosted by a gang of hoodlums. Vera bursts from her grave, resulting in more deaths and zombies. As their numbers grow, Lionel manages to keep the zombies under relative control with repeated injections, and tries to keep them concealed in his home. However, Lionel\'s uncle Les, arrives to try to wrangle with Lionel over his mother\'s estate. Uncle Les discovers the "corpses" and blackmails his nephew into giving up his inheritance in return for his silence. Lionel reluctantly administers poison to the zombies  and buries them, just as Uncle Les and a crowd of his friends arrive for a housewarming party. However, the "poison" turns out to be an animal stimulant, and since the zombies come from the bite of the animal , it only gives them even more energy. The zombies burst from the ground to attack and infect the party guests in a gory finale. Lionel, Paquita, Rita, and Les are now fighting hundreds of zombies, animated intestines and spinal cords, severed heads, and disembodied legs. Despite Rita and Les being killed in the process they successfully destroy all the zombies until Lionel\'s mother, who  has become a gargantuan monster, pursues Lionel and Paquita to the rooftop, where Lionel finally confronts his mother about the truth regarding his father\'s demise. She picks him up and stuffs him back into her womb, and in an over-the-top Freudian "rebirth", he cuts his way out of her grotesquely changed body and she falls into the fiery house below. Lionel and Paquita escape the burning building, and walk away arm-in-arm covered in gore, as the local fire department arrives on the scene to put out the flames.'] ['It\'s every high school baseball team\'s dream to go to the legendary Koshien Stadium Tournament. For the first time in years, Seido High School has a chance&mdash;star player Gorrila Matsui has finally given the team an opportunity to succeed. Most delighted at this prospect is Principal Kocho. His hopes are dashed, however, when the Head teacher reveals to him that the first game will be played against the infamous Gedo High School."Head Teacher" is only ever referred to by this title. This title-in-place-of-name system is standard in the Japanese language Gedo is notorious for its brutal killings during games. They hardly play at all, instead engaging in a form of martial arts combat called "fighting baseball". Their matches erupt into brutal battlefields, Gedo slaughtering its opponents in any way possible, and the competing team vainly struggling for their lives. The Gedo team is almost inhuman in its slaughter, their bizarre weapons and attire coupled with their green-grey skin only increase this reputation. Understandably, Kocho is distressed&mdash;not only at the likely murder of his students, but at yet another chance to win the Koshien Stadium Tournament having been lost. Much to his delight, however, is the appearance of mysterious newcomer Jubeh, played by Tak Sakaguchi. Jubeh rescues Four Eyes , played by Atsushi Itō, from a gang of expelled students, beating Bancho  and catching Kocho\'s eye.Another recurring element in the film is a drunk man, usually seen laughing uproariously at whatever event has just occurred. He is always accompanied by his dog. At the end of the film, it is revealed through narration that the drunk died of alcohol poisoning during the final confrontation between the antagonists and protagonists. He also states that the drunk was "[his] master", implying that the dog has been the narrator of the entire film. Andy Klein of the L.A. City Beat called this the film\'s "best joke". http://www.lacitybeat.com/article.php?id102 He begs and pleads with Jubeh to join the team to help them defeat Gedo, but he steadfastly refuses. During this time Kocho and Jubeh are also confronted by a resurrected Bancho, though his "face changed". Bancho joins the team, explaining that the injuries that prevented him from playing baseball were cured by Jubeh\'s punches. When confronted by Four Eyes, Jubeh reveals why he has stopped playing baseball&ndash;in song. He musically laments his pitching skill, explaining how he became so skilled he was a danger to himself and others. Only his father, his hand confined to an absurdly huge catcher\'s mitt, will allow Jubeh to pitch. He soon regrets this, however, when an accidental ball to the head kills him. Jubeh vows never to pitch again. Despite this sorowful story, Four Eyes insists that Jubeh join the team, explaining his own plight. His mother hates baseball, and would be furious if he were to play. As a result, he must keep his presence on the Seido team a secret. Four Eyes\' sheer love for the game touches Jubeh deeply, and he joins the team. Jubeh gets there in time to hear Gorilla\'s last words.During this speech, the letters that make up the word "Seido" on Gorilla\'s uniform are strewn about to indicate the trauma that he has experienced. Finding a body he believes to be Four Eyes\', Jubeh laments the loss, before realising that it\'s in fact a Gedo trap. The "body" explodes, hurling Jubeh across the field, sending him to an early grave. Jubeh finds himself in a sepia-toned small town street in the afterlife. He sees a man he has not seen for some time&ndash;his father. He convinced Jubeh to embrace his pitching skills, and defeat Gedo once and for all. Jubeh pledges to do so as he watches his father ride off. Returning from the afterlife, he introduces his pitch, dubbed the "Super Tornado". Bancho also returns, again, this time as a child. He too met Jubeh\'s father in the afterlife, and was given his catcher\'s mitt. In the meantime, somehow Four Eyes\' mother has discovered that he was on the baseball team. Keeping him locked up in a cage, she watches over him day & night. Jubeh comes to his rescue, fighting his mother. He confronts her, asking her why she hates baseball so much. She reveals that her husband was killed by a baseball pitcher. All three come to a sudden realization&mdash;They are family. In jubilation, Four Eyes\' mother gives him permission to play. and the sun begins to shine. However, this peace is soon is interrupted by one member of the Gedo team, his head wrapped in bandages. He guns down everyone on the field, firing randomly and hitting everything in sight, including his own teammates. Jubeh manages to escape only through his own dexterity and the gunman\'s limited ammo. Looking around in outrage, Jubeh sheds a tear. As cherry blossoms fall, everyone on the field returns to life, before Jubeh attacks the bandaged gunman, literally knocking the muscles off his bones. Joyously, the crowd celebrates, and the narrator states that they lived happily ever after&mdash;Including the one person on the field that day who wasn\'t resurrected by Jubeh\'s tears.'] ['All of the boys have just graduated from school where they learned exterminating, except for Sach who flunked out. They set up their new business in a corner of Louie\'s Sweet Shop and quickly get a job to remove ghosts from an old abandoned mansion. Upon arrival they discover weird events taking place, such as lights turning on when a match is lit, and a disappearing organ. Soon they discover that these events are not the actions of ghosts, but of a mad scientist who is conducting illegal experiments in the basement. Upon encountering the scientist, Sach quickly becomes part of the experiment when the scientist wants to take part of his brain out and input it into a gorilla. A fight ensues and, after the cops arrive and apprehend the criminals, the boys find themselves at the police station telling the story of what happened. Louie then calls them and tells Slip that the mouse in his store "had puppies" and the boys quickly leave the police station to go to their next job.'] ['Six friends, Christian , David , Kate , Johnny , Sara  and Melody , are traveling in an R.V. to get to the wedding of their friend, Kelly , in Galveston, Texas. However they become lost in a small town called Lovelock, and decide to spend the night at the local Bed & Breakfast, owned by the creepy Mr Wise . While staying, the group insult the chef, Henri , causing an argument to break out. After everyone goes to bed, David goes to the kitchen to get a snack, only to discover Henri brutally murdered, before Mr Wise suffers a heart attack. With the phone line broken it takes until morning for the Sheriff , and his Deputy, Enus ([[Mark Kelly , to be summoned for help. The Sheriff is quick to suspect the group, and takes the keys to the R.V. away, so they can not leave the town until the investigation is over. The group goes into town, while the Sheriff arrests a mysterious drifter , who quickly becomes the prime suspect. The drifter warns Christian and Sara of ancient exotic wooden box, that Sara realizes belongs to Mr Wise. However it is too late, as Johnny arrives back at the bed & breakfast and opens the box, unleashing the "Kuman Thong" which possesses him, causing him to savagely murder various people. Meanwhile, Christian and Sara meet town local Lisa Belmont  who swears she saw Mr Wise dig up the body of his dead son and perform a form of black magic on the body. Sara and Christian return to the bed & breakfast and discover Johnny has opened the box. Sara and Christian alert the Sheriff, who drives them to a local party, that David, Kate and Melody are attending with the rest of the town folk. The possessed Johnny arrives and a bloody massacre ensues, with the town folk, including Enus, becoming zombies as Johnny puts various body parts of his victims in the box. In the chaos, Christian is decapitated as David, Kate, Sara and Melody escape with the Sheriff in a truck. They accidentally run over the drifter, knocking him unconscious after he escapes from his prison cell. Taking him with them, the radiator soon blows in the truck, forcing the group to take shelter in the bed & breakfast. They gather weapons, before the drifter tells them they must retrieve the body of Mr Wise to kill Johnny. The zombies arrive at the bed & breakfast and the group fend them off, before the Sheriff, Melody and the drifter sneak out the back door to retrieve the bones of Mr Wise. At the bed & breakfast, the zombies retrieve some of David\'s blood that was on the step of the house, placing it in the box causing him to become possessed. David beats Kate to death with a metal pole, before attacking Sara. However Sara manages to kill David with a chainsaw. At the cemetery, the Sheriff, Melody and the drifter retrieve the body of Mr Wise and perform a black magic spell, taking the bones from the body. As they travel to the bed & breakfast they encounter a group of zombies. The Sheriff has his neck snapped, killing him, before Lisa arrives and rescues the drifter and Melody, who continue on to the bed & breakfast. Meanwhile, at the bed & breakfast, the zombies break in. Sara fights them, but is soon cornered. The drifter and Melody arrive outside, where Melody shoots Johnny through the heart with a bone from the body of Mr Wise, killing him and the other zombies. Sara reunites with Melody and the drifter, and together they leave Lovelock in their R.V.'] ["In a Waco, Texas diner called Cadillac Jack's, crazed killer Millard Findlemeyer  opens fire on the Leigh family, killing Jeremy  and James , but leaving Sarah  and her mother, Betty , alive. Findlemeyer is arrested and sentenced to die in the electric chair, due in part to Sarah's testimony. After the execution, Findlemeyer is cremated and his ashes are sent to his mother , a witch who mixes the ashes with a gingerbread spice mix. Some time later, The Bakery, a pastry shop run by the surviving Leighs, is in dire straits and Betty has been reduced to a shotgun-toting alcoholic who shoots down the banner of the new restaurant opening across the street; Sarah sends her home with Bakery employee Julia . The restaurant owner, Jimmy Dean  arrives to complain about the banner and attempts to buy Sarah out, so he can knock down The Bakery, which he bemoans as an eyesore. After exchanging hostilities with Lorna , the Dean daughter, Sarah defers the decision. Returning to work, Sarah and Brick Fields ([[Jonathan Chase , another Bakery employee, find a mysterious gingerbread spice mix left at their doorstep by Findlemeyer's mother. They set to using the mix, but Brick cuts himself, allowing his blood to pollute the dough. Sarah permits him to leave early so he can pursue his amateur wrestling career as The Butcher-Baker at Wrestlepalooza. She then makes a large gingerbread man with the contaminated dough and puts it in an industrial oven to bake. Lorna has returned and planted a rat in The Bakery so the health department will shut them down, but is discovered by Sarah. A physical fight ensues, during which Lorna hits a switch that causes a surge of electricity into the oven where the gingerbread man is cooking, animating it. Amos Cadbury , Lorna's boyfriend, who has gotten tired of waiting outside for her, arrives on the scene. Sarah removes the gingerbread man from the oven, at which point the newly-dubbed Gingerdead Man leaps up, taunting them. They attempt to lock the living cookie in the freezer and Sarah tries to call the police, but the line is dead. Lorna calls her dad on Amos’s cell phone before the batteries go dead. Betty comes back to look for her stash of alcohol and Julia comes back looking for Betty. Each is, in turn, assaulted by the Gingerdead Man; Betty loses a finger and is put into the oven, while Julia is knocked out by a frying pan, encased in frosting, decorated, and left in the freezer. Amos returns to his car and retrieves a handgun. Jimmy Dean arrives to pick up Lorna. While he investigates Amos’s car, the Gingerdead Man takes Jimmy's car and, using a rolling pin to operate the accelerator, hits him, pinning him between the car and a wall and killing him. Amos and Sarah discover and rescue Julia from the freezer. Sarah tells Amos that she thinks the killer cookie is Millard. Lorna decides to wait outside for her father, but discovers only his body sprawled over the hood of his car. She steals his ring and heads back inside, where she triggers a tripwire that lodges a knife into her forehead, killing her. Sarah and Amos find Betty and attempt to rescue her from the oven, but the Gingerdead Man locks Sarah in the oven and knocks Amos out with a hammer. Amos recovers, shoots the oven door's lock off, and saves Sarah. Brick returns. The Gingerdead Man gets Amos's pistol and opens fire. Julia and Brick manage to subdue him and Brick eats the cookie's head. Their problem briefly appears to be resolved, but Brick turns out to be possessed by the Gingerdead Man. He is pushed into the oven and baked to death. Several months later, Betty, Sarah, and Amos are having a bake sale to raise money for the hospital, with a little help from two nurses . Two kids ask if they have any gingerbread cookies, and one of the nurses tells them that an older lady  stopped by a few minutes ago and dropped some off. The nurse opens the box, revealing five gingerbread cookies, who open their eyes. One of the gingerbread cookies is bought by a woman, who also buys a box full of pastries and ships them to her sister in L.A., setting up the plot for the sequel."] ['Six prep college students and a biker couple travel south towards Daytona Beach for Spring Break, but a detour leads them into the seemingly idyllic Georgia town of Pleasant Valley, which is holding its annual "Guts and Glory Jubilee" in honor of the American Civil War. While they stay in the town, completely isolated from the outside world, they are systematically separated and killed in gory fashion by the town\'s residents. Two students manage to escape, but upon alerting the authorities they learn that "Pleasant Valley" is nothing but a cemetery - a memorial for 2001 Confederate villagers who were massacred 140 years earlier during the Civil War. A plaque reveals that the town\'s residents will not rest until the crime has been paid back: 2001 villagers were killed, 2001 Yankees must be killed - an eye for an eye. As the two students drive away on their motorcycle, they are decapitated by barbed wire. The heads are picked up by Hucklebilly who walks down the road and fades away.'] ['A jock sneaks into his supposed girlfriend\'s house with flowers for her. It is cold inside and when he approaches his girlfriend\'s room he finds a dead man with his mouth wide open. He then spots two more corpses. Elsewhere, Luke and Roger, two college freshmen and virgins, are desperate to get laid. While doing their laundry, they meet two girls named Lily and Constance. When Lily accidentally leaves a roll of quarters in the laundry, Luke goes to return them to her. He finds her room is unlocked and he decides to sneak in. But when the girls suddenly return, he decides to hide in the closet. Luke watches as the girls open the windows and let the cold winter air surround them. He then watches in horror as tentacles unfold from their chests and sexually arouse them. The police have found a body, frozen from the inside out and his mouth wide open. The forensic scientists assume a "keg drinking tube" was shoved down his throat, not realizing it was actually an alien\'s a tentacle shoved down his throat. Luke, with his girlfriend Alex, decide try to find out what these aliens are and if needed, to exterminate them. The aliens have come to Earth to impregnate men, as their race is dying out. To save their people, the aliens persuade men to come with them, promising sex. However, the "mating" process involves sticking their tentacles down the male\'s throat. Most men die because they cannot survive the cold temperature. Roger allows Constance to "mate" with him after she explains everything as she has fallen in love with him when she wasn\'t supposed to. She explains that they\'re merely trying to survive and that they don\'t want anyone to die. He agrees to allow her to impregnate him, giving her race a chance to survive. Luke comes in just in time to see a baby alien crawl out of Roger\'s mouth. Roger dies soon after, leaving Constance horrified because she didn\'t want him to die. Luke then discovers that, while the aliens love the cold, they hate heat. In the end, using a home-made flamethrower he exterminates Lily, Constance and the other aliens, not knowing the truth of their mission. Alex congratulates him and they start to have sex. There\'s a sudden flashback to the very beginning of the movie when the jock finds the dead men. He looks up and sees Alex who then says "You\'re early". Suddenly Luke realizes Alex is an alien. He screams as she pins him down and rapes him and her tentacles appear. The camera zooms out of the room as Luke\'s screams fade away.'] ['When Scott is fired from Local Diner because he assaulted a patron , Scott decides to visit his friend Chuck at the radio station, they decide go to Chuck\'s dad\'s cottage to relax. They meet two girls that are pulled off to the side of the road, but decide not to give them a ride, believing that they have a whole week ahead of them to find other girls. That later that evening, while fishing, Scott has visions of a girl called Anna. The next day while Scott and Chuck are fishing, Scott sees an old castle on an island, Chuck explains is an abandoned laboratory. While in fact, the laboratory is not abandoned, but a home to the scientist who goes by the name of Atman. Under Atman\'s control are a group of women on rollerblades he likes to call "Rollerbabes", led by him main servant he calls "Spike".. which he sends out using radio control device to gather men to eat in order to preserve their beauty . One of the girls: Anna finds herself drawn towards Scott and tries unsuccessfully to escape the island. Scott and Chuck then decide to go rollerblading, but become split up and Chuck is knocked out by two of the rollerbabes and taken back to the castle. Scott is instead targeted by Atman himself, who attempts to attack him with a machete and misses Scott knows he is being surrounded and flees. When he manages to escape, he discovers the town\'s Sheriff dragging partially devoured human flesh from the river, causing him to realise he must rescue Chuck from the castle. When Scott arrives on the island, he meets an elf called Random, who helps him to hide from the Centurions that guard the island. While trying to enter the Castle the Rollerbabes manage to catch him and, once in the castle, Scott finds Chuck is too late to save. He then has to escape by confronting Atman himself.'] ["Milland plays Dr. Maxwell Kirshner, a dying, wealthy racist who demands that his head be transplanted onto a healthy body. As his health rapidly deteriorates, there remains only one alternative: graft Kirshner's head onto the body of a black death row inmate, Jack Moss, played by Grier."] ['Local resident and adventurer Burt Gummer comes home to Perfection from a successful, international Graboid/Shrieker hunt ending in Argentina, only to find that life in the town has returned to normal, with some of the locals even letting their graboid tracking equipment fall into disuse. The new owner of Walter Chang\'s general store is Walter\'s niece Jodi, and a thrill-seeker named Jack Sawyer has set up a "Graboid Tour" featuring a faked attack by the creatures. Melvin Plug, now a still-obnoxious-would-be land developer, is attempting to contract housing estates around the town. After a small earthquake, Jack Sawyer\'s assistant is eaten by a Graboid while conducting a tour and it is discovered there are three new Graboids in Perfection. Burt quickly organizes a search and destroy party composed of local residents but a team of meddling scientists arrives, sent by the US government when Nancy Sterngood contacted the authorities. Burt is forced to disband the hunting party, but he still tries to lure one of the monsters, an albino dubbed "El Blanco", onto his property so he can kill it in "self-defense". Faced with the prospect of his property being confiscated using eminent domain, Burt reluctantly agrees to help the government scientists capture a live graboid. The first hunting expedition does not go well however and Burt is swallowed alive by a graboid, however he survives by hiding inside an oil barrel. Jack lures it to Burt\'s compound, where it runs into a concrete barrier  and then uses a chainsaw to cut it open and rescues Burt. Meanwhile, the government scientists have gone hunting the graboids on their own and are killed when they are ambushed by shriekers; the graboids have metamorphosed into the next stage in their life cycle. Burt organizes another search and destroy party, this time to hunt down the shriekers before they can multiply. They trail the shriekers to a box canyon but are trapped by El Blanco, which seems to be a mutant without the ability to metamorphose. When they finally free themselves, the shriekers are gone and have been replaced by hitherto unknown winged beasts who become airborne by blasting jets of flames from their rear. As the creature flies in to attack, it knocks Miguel, an original survivor from the first movie off the cliff, killing him. He is not eaten, however. The creature crashes on a fence, killing it, and watching fluids from its body ignite, the group realizes it mixes its stomach acid with another chemical to achieve explosive flight, and Jodi dubs them "ass-blasters." They also learn that the ass-blasters use infra-red vision, just as the shriekers do. The hunting party retreats to Burt\'s home, holding a mattress over them to hide their body heat. They are safe in Burt\'s basement until they hear sounds of an ass-blaster overhead, and Burt realizes that although he had taken every conceivable precaution against graboids and shriekers; he did not account for the possibility of an aerial attack. An ass-blaster crashes through the ceiling and the hunting party is forced to use Burt\'s emergency escape tunnel. Fearing the ass-blaster will produce more ass-blasters if it gets to the food stocks, Burt places jugs of unleaded gasoline against the door, blowing up his entire compound when the ass-blaster attempts to melt through the door. Meanwhile, attacked in Jodi\'s store by a lone ass-blaster, mother and daughter Nancy and Mindy Sterngood accidentally discover that once it is satiated with food, instead of engaging in asexual reproduction like a Shrieker it enters a comatose state, allowing them to capture it. They radio Burt of the discovery, much to his dismay, as he realizes the cruel irony that he blew up his own compound, when the food would have made it harmless. The explosion attracts the other ass-blasters, forcing the party to escape to a nearby junkyard, rolling Burt\'s boat down hill, and using a tarp to block their body heat. However another ass-blaster sees them and alerts the rest, forcing them to hide in an out house, while the others arrive and roam the yard. Jack comes up with an idea to create an improvised potato gun like weapon, reasoning that if they hit them with something hot, the chemicals inside will cause the ass-blasters to explode. They split up to search for parts, and Jodi kills one, trapping it in a storage create filled with gas. They find parts and assemble the weapon inside Nestor\'s  old trailer, and use liquor inside as gunpowder. They launch flaming arrows and manage to kill the ass-blasters, but El Blanco shows up. Burt realizes that the ultrasonic signal from his watch has been attracting him, saying that it always knows where he is. El Blanco tips the trailer causing Burt to fall out and get stuck to the springs of a mattress, trapping him. Jack takes Burt\'s watch to lure El Blanco away, while Jodi tries to free Burt, however an ass-blaster they had believed dead before appears nearby. Jodi prepares to fight it off with a shovel to defend Burt, but Jack wraps Burt\'s watch in duct tape and throws it at the ass-blaster, sticking it. El Blanco chases the ultrasonic sound, causing it to eat the ass-blaster. In the epilogue, Nancy and Mindy sell the captive ass-blaster to a circus-group in Las Vegas, led by "Sigmund" and "Ray"--a reference to Siegfried & Roy. Burt is sitting on a rock driving an RC car around, leading El Blanco when Melvin arrives and tries to talk Burt into convincing everyone into selling their land, but is frightened by El Blanco, telling Burt to kill it. Burt informs him that El Blanco has been declared by the federal government to be an endangered species, foiling Melvin\'s plans for a housing project. The long-time residents have taken appropriate precautions allowing them to coexist with El Blanco and keep their homes. Burt leaves Melvin trapped on a small rock with El Blanco circling, Melvin cursing Burt as he drives off.'] ['The story focuses on a theatre troupe, led by Alan . He is a mean-spirited director, who travels with the others by boat to a small island for buried criminals to have a night of fun and games. Once on the island Alan tells his group he calls his "children" numerous stories relating to the island\'s history and buried inhabitants. At midnight using a grimoire, Alan begins a séance to raise the dead after digging up the body of a man named Orville Dunworth . Though the original intent of the ritual may have been solely as a joke, Alan appears disappointed that nothing happens. Afterwards the party continues and Alan goes to extremes to degrade the actors, using the corpse of Orville for his own sick jokes. Then, however, animated by the fell ritual, the dead return to life and force the troupe to take refuge in the old house. They must decide whether it is best to stay put until day  all try to escape through the pitch-black cemetery and forest to the boat, or have one person try this and bring back help. Unfortunately for the group, the dead get their revenge, and in the movie\'s closing credits we see the group of corpses boarding Alan\'s boat with the lights of Miami in the background.'] ['Edward Kendall Sheridan Lionheart , had thought he was the greatest Shakespearean actor of his day. Abetted by his daughter Edwina , Lionheart sets about murdering, one by one, a group of critics who had both ridiculed his acting throughout his career and declined to award him their "Critic\'s Circle Award for Best Actor", which Lionheart felt was merited by his final season of performances in various Shakespearean plays; humiliated in the aftermath of the awards ceremony, he attempts suicide and is presumed dead. Unbeknownst to the critics, and the police, Lionheart survives the suicide attempt and is adopted into a community of meths-drinking vagrants who do his bidding. The manner of Lionheart\'s revenge on each critic is inspired by deaths of characters in the plays of Lionheart\'s last season of Shakespeare. In most cases the critic is first duped by Lionheart\'s acting initially to "play the part" before Lionheart\'s murderous intentions are revealed, followed by a forced recantation and an ironic, humiliating and grotesque dispatch of the critic. The first victim is butchered by a group of tramps on March 15 , in a reenactment of the death of Julius Caesar. The next is speared and his corpse dragged behind a horse, the fate of Hector at the hands of Achilles in Troilus and Cressida. The Merchant of Venice is reworked so that Shylock gets a pound of flesh . Other murders include: a drowning in a butt of wine, based on the murder of the Duke of Clarence in Richard III; the wife of one critic, who was drugged to sleep soundly, awakens next to her husband\'s decapitated body, as Imogen awoke to find the headless body of Cloten in Cymbeline; quasi-cannibalism — the effeminate Meredith Merridew is tricked into eating his "babies"  just as Queen Tamora was fed the flesh of her two sons, baked in a pie, in the climax of Titus Andronicus; one critic is tricked into believing his wife has been unfaithful, driving him to smother her in a jealous rage  and spend the rest of his life in prison; the sole female critic  is electrocuted by hair curlers as Lionheart recites a passage in which Joan of Arc is burnt at the stake, "Spare for no fagots [bundles of sticks], let there be enough..." . Many of the deaths are patterned to the weaknesses of the critics - the one that got his heart ripped out showed lusty behaviour earlier, the one drowned in wine is an alcoholic and a gluttonous person choked on pie while being force-fed. Each critic can be seen to represent one of the Seven Deadly Sins, with punishment fitting the particular sin. Some are more convincing and frightening than others. A "duel" scene features Lionheart and the chief critic, Peregrine Devlin bouncing around on trampolines while slashing at one another with rapiers, in the manner of the swordfight between Tybalt and Mercutio in Romeo and Juliet. Lionheart uses this appearance to establish that he did indeed survive his suicide attempt, and thereby get his daughter, the police\'s chief suspect, released from custody and surveillance, to be falsely presumed the innocent daughter of a madman. Lionheart spares Devlin, who recognizes him and whom he needs to inform the police, as he intends to save Devlin, as head of the Critic\'s Circle, for last anyway. The audience and sometime-participants in the mayhem are methylated-spirits-drinking vagrants, who saved Lionheart from drowning after his attempt at suicide by leaping into the river. As the cheap but toxic methylated spirits have damaged their senses, Lionheart finds them easy to manipulate to help him murder the critics. After the principal series of killings, one of these meths-drinkers is disguised as Lionheart as a diversion to lure the police away while the remaining critic Devlin is kidnapped. Police capture the drunk and using the lure of hard alcohol, get him to divulge the whereabouts of Lionheart. The film ends following Lionheart\'s attempt to force the remaining critic, Peregrine Devlin, to present him with the "coveted" Critic\'s Circle Award for Best Actor. Taking the blinding of the Earl of Gloucester in King Lear as inspiration, Lionheart has arranged a contraption containing two red-hot daggers, which are poised to blind the critic should he refuse to recant and whom he will release otherwise. Devlin stands his ground despite the menace and refuses to change his original choice for the award. The slow-moving contraption is released; however, police sirens are heard outside and the device becomes stuck temporarily. Lionheart sets fire to the theater to thwart the police, who save Devlin just in the nick of time. In the confusion, one of the group of vagrants kills Edwina , hitting her over the head with the award. Lionheart retreats, carrying Edwina\'s body to the roof and delivering Lear\'s final monologue just before the roof caves in and plunges, flaming, to his death. To this, Devlin comments "Yes it was a remarkable performance, but he was madly overacting as usual, but you must admit he did know how to make an exit."'] ['{{expand section}} After getting Apocalypse Inc. out of town, the Toxic Avenger has nothing to do. He tries to get a job but fails, as a normal job is no place for a hideously deformed creature of superhuman size and strength. Until one day, Toxie is told that his blind girlfriend Claire has a chance to see again, but it will cost a great deal of money. When the famous superhero gets the opportunity to work as a spokesman for Apocalypse Inc., he agrees so he can get money for Claire. As he was unaware of the evil nature of his employers, Apocalypse Inc. took over Tromaville and enslaved the populace. After Claire\'s surgery, she opens up Toxie\'s eyes and it is revealed that the Devil himself is the chairman of Apocalypse Inc. Things begin to make a change for the worse as the Toxic Avenger will be transformed back to his original form, the dorky Melvin Junko, and must face a showdown with the Devil. The Toxic Avenger battles the Devil through the "Five Levels of Doom" trial ordeal.'] ['The story begins with a military truck transporting barrels of Trioxin. These barrels contain the substance from original Return of the Living Dead, which caused a zombie outbreak. The soldiers driving this truck  driving through a downpour, don\'t notice when a barrel breaks loose from the truck, which falls into a river near new housing development in the town of Westvale. The barrel is found by some boys who release Trioxin gas, which subsequently enters a nearby cemetery causing the dead to return once again. Several actors from Return of the Living Dead Part 1  as different characters. The "Tar-Man" zombie from part 1 also appears.'] ["Richie Donovan  works as a professional thief for Groznyi , a wealthy businessman, in order to pay off his debt for being smuggled into America as a child. He pulls off a successful diamond heist, but it is botched when he gets involved in two separate car accidents. He is given one last chance to pay off his debt by going to Moscow to steal a priceless antique cross locked in the safe of a skyscraper penthouse. Richie and his Russian accomplices, brothers Peter  and Yuri , successfully recover the cross, but their elevator gets stuck on the uncompleted 13th floor. Believing that the police have stopped the elevator, the thieves take their fellow passengers as hostages for negotiating an escape. They agree to send one hostage down, but when the elevator doors open, the hostage is mysteriously beheaded. The remaining hostages quickly divide into two groups: A Christian group consisting of Sonya , Helena  and Katerina , who are later joined by Yuri, and another, consisting of the nerdy Dmitry , beautiful Anna  and incompetent security guard Boris ([[Geoff Bell . In the confusion, the Christian group seizes firearms and takes control, shooting Peter. Katerina is sent to stand guard over Richie and the remainder of the hostages, while Sonya takes Yuri to a chamber where he is to sacrificed by a wild man in armor named Alex . Yuri manages to escape, but is impaled by one of Alex's traps, complete with disco music and lighting. In his rage, Alex kills Katerina, allowing Richie and the hostages to escape. They discover Alex's lair, where he has been watching everyone using security cameras. A photo reveals that Alex is the twin brother of Sonya, and they both believe themselves to be descendants of Ivan the Terrible. The group splits when Richie and Anna decide to chase after Alex, while Boris and Dmitry prefer to rig the room with various traps they have constructed and wait for Alex to come to them. Richie and Anna manage to drive off Alex, though Richie is wounded and Anna loses part of her ear. Instead Alex confronts Boris and Dmitry, and starts chasing them through the building when their traps fail to deploy. Dmitry gets caught in his own snare, making him an easy target for Alex, while Sonya dupes Boris into deploying a malfunctioning trap, cutting his hand off. Boris manages to cauterize his arm, but is also injected with a serum that restricts facial movement. Alex drags Peter's body into his lair for a sacrifice. In doing so, he finds the cross and takes it for himself. Richie and Anna then unsuccessfully search Peter for the cross, only to discover that Peter miraculously survived the shooting. Alex is then attacked from three sides by Peter, Richie and an increasingly incoherent Boris. Though Alex easily kills Peter, Richie manages to impale him on his disco spikes, recovers the cross, then sets him on fire. As they are fleeing the building, Richie is strangled by Sonya, but Anna saves him by stabbing Sonya with her nail file. Security is alerted by Alex's body falling onto the floor below, allowing Richie and Anna to escape unencumbered. Outside, they are met by Groznyi, who pays Richie handsomely for his work. Richie is enraged, having discovered that Grozniy is the brother of Sonya and Alex, and tells him that he'll never work for him again, but Grozniy replies that Richie will be back. Richie and Anna then depart for Los Angeles. The working title for this film was 13."] ['This movie opens with a news montage explaining that it is set in a dystopic near-future in which George W. Bush has been elected to a fourth term. The United States Congress has been disbanded; public nudity is banned; the United States is embroiled in wars with France, Iraq, Afghanistan, Iran, Pakistan, Syria, Venezuela, Canada, and Alaska. With more wars than there are soldiers to fight them, a secret laboratory run by Dr. Chushfeld  in fictional Sartre, Nebraska, has developed a virus to re-animate dead Marines and send them back into battle. However, this virus has broken containment and infected test subjects and scientists, and they are at risk of escaping the lab. A team of Marines codenamed the "Z" Squad is sent in to destroy the zombies. One of the Marines named Byrdflough  is bitten but escapes. He ends up in an alley outside an underground strip club named "Rhino". The Marine dies and awakens as a zombie who goes into the strip club. "Rhino" is run by Ian Essko . A new stripper named Jessy  has arrived at the club to save up enough money for her grandmother\'s operation. She is introduced to the club\'s star dancer, Kat . Kat begins her dance on the stage, but is attacked by Byrdflough. Essko is concerned about losing his best dancer, so he lets her go back on stage as a zombie. To everyone\'s surprise, Kat is a better and more popular dancer as a zombie than she was as a human. The other strippers now find themselves faced with the prospect of losing their customers, as the customers prefer zombie strippers to human strippers. One by one, the human strippers become zombies, some by choice in order to compete or  for fun. During private dances, the zombie strippers bite and kill their customers. Essko tries to keep the zombies hidden in a cage in the club\'s cellar, but eventually, the zombies escape and overrun the club. Kat and the underrated stripper Jeanni  fight for supremacy. The remaining humans in the club struggle to survive until the "Z" Squad burst in to destroy the zombies. But they discover that the zombies were allowed to escape by the Bush Administration, in the hopes that the ensuing zombie plague would distract Americans from their gross mishandling of the war effort and the economy.'] ["Set in the seedy parts of New York City, Killer Condom follows gay Detective Luigi Mackeroni , who has been hired to investigate a series of bizarre attacks at the Hotel Quickie in which male guests have all had their penises mysteriously bitten off. While at the crime scene, he enlists the services of a gigolo named Billy and invites him up to the crime room. Before the two men engage in sex, a carnivorous living condom interrupts them and bites off Mackeroni's right testicle. Now on a personal vendetta, Mackeroni begins his lone quest to not only bring a stop to the rash of condom attacks, but also face his true feelings toward Billy the gigolo."] ['{{Plot}} Adam  and Harley  drive across the country so Adam can tell his ex-girlfriend he still loves her before she gets married. After an encounter with a hearse, the two stop at a pub. They see a monster truck rally on TV and Harley mocks the people watching it. As they are driving away, a giant monster truck drives them off the road. Later on, they have to siphon gasoline from an abandoned RV. However, it is revealed that the RV has a mutilated body inside and the RV is surrounded by truck tracks that form a pentagram. They later stop at a gas station and see the same monster truck. Adam sees the strange-looking driver and Harley urinates in the cab of the monster truck before they speed away. At a hotel, Adam and Harley wake up with roadkill in their beds; they find a hitchhiker named Sarah  sleeping in the backseat when they get to the car. Sarah eventually has sex with Adam. Later, they witness the monster truck run over a man, and they meet a man missing an arm who tells them the creature in the monster truck takes people\'s limbs, but lets the victims live. Afterwards, the three drive through a ghost town with many scarecrows. They find a diner at the end of the town and begin to eat, but Adam finds they are eating human flesh. They panic and run away. After being chased by the man in the monster truck, their car is destroyed. Adam, Harley, and Sarah run into the woods and the man follows them. He finally catches up with them and shoves Harley into a tree, supposedly killing him, and kidnaps Sarah. Adam follows him to a shack covered with pentagrams, severed limbs, and a man whose entire middle section has been crushed. Adam finally finds Sarah and tries to escape, but Sarah knocks him unconscious. Sarah and the man, Bob, are brother and sister. They tie Adam to a table while the "corpse" with the crushed midsection, Fred, explains that Bob accidentally ran him over, crushing his midsection and sending Bob through the windshield. Sarah says she stitched Fred up and used black magic to bring him back to life. Fred explains that they can use other people\'s limbs to add to his own body as long as the donor stays alive and they could only transfer entire bodies if the body was prepared correctly. Sarah says that they needed someone easy to prepare and Adam was the right person. Previous events begin to make sense to Adam. Everything that happened to Adam and Harley before was preparing Adam so that Fred could have his body: stepping into a pentagram with a mutilated body, sleeping with roadkill, Sarah having sex with him, and eating human flesh. Adam manages to escape and kills Sarah by slashing her throat. He also cuts Fred in half when he gets up and starts to attack him. Meanwhile, Bob locks the door. When Adam tries to leave, Bob swallows the key. After a fight, Adam blinds Bob with a pencil. Fred trips Adam, who gets a nose bleed. Bob senses the blood and tells Adam that he can track him now with his own blood. Adam quickly thinks and leads a trail of blood to a blade that is stuck in a door. The plan works and Bob is impaled by the blade. Adam reaches into Bob\'s impaled stomach and takes the key that was swallowed. Outside, Bob chases Adam, but is run over by his own monster truck driven by Harley. Harley remarks he was playing dead and apologizes to Adam, and Adam gives up on getting Betty-Ann to fall in love with him. Adam then continues to run over Bob with the monster truck. At the end, the mutilated remains of Bob are seen saying "You can\'t kill me."'] ['The film begins with an urban couple driving through the countryside in what looks like a cinema advertisement. The scene comes to a halt with a fatal accident. The rural Australian town of Paris arranges fatal accidents to visitors driving through. Townspeople collect items from the luggage of the deceased passengers whilst survivors are taken to the local hospital where they are given lobotomies with power tools and kept as "vegies" for medical experiments by the earnest town surgeon. The young men of the town salvage and modify the wrecked vehicles into a variety of strange looking cars designed for destruction. Arthur Waldo  and his older brother, George , drive though Paris with their caravan where they meet with an accident that kills George. Arthur is spared and looked after by the Mayor of Paris  who invites Arthur to stay in his home as one of his family; his two young daughters have been "adopted" after being orphaned in motor accidents in the town. Arthur unsuccessfully attempts to leave Paris but due to a previous incident where he was exonerated of manslaughter for running over an elderly pedestrian, he has lost his confidence in driving and there does not seem to be any public transport. Mayor Les gives Arthur a job at the local hospital as a medical orderly. Beneath the idyllic rural paradise of Paris is a festering feud between the young men of the town who live for their modified vehicles that they terrorise the town with and the older generation. When one of the hoons damages the Mayor\'s property and breaks a statue of an Aborigine the older men of the town burn the guilty driver\'s car as he is held down. The Mayor appoints Arthur the town Parking Inspector complete with brassard and Army bush jacket that further irritates the young men. The situation reaches its boiling point the night of the town\'s annual Pioneers Ball which is a fancy dress and costume party. What was planned to be a "car gymkhana" by the young men turns into an assault on the town where both sides attack each other killing several of the residents. Arthur regains his driving confidence when he repeatedly drives the Mayor\'s car into his former hospital orderly supervisor who is one of the hoons.'] ["After witnessing gangster Eddie Kim brutally beat U.S. Prosecutor Daniel Hayes to death in Hawaii, Sean Jones is escorted by FBI agents Neville Flynn and John Sanders on a Boeing 747-400 to testify in a trial in Los Angeles. Despite increased security for the flight, Kim arranges for a time-release crate full of venomous snakes to be placed in the cargo hold in an attempt to bring down the plane before it reaches Los Angeles International Airport . To ensure the snakes attack the passengers without being provoked, he has one of his henchmen disguised as an airport ground employee spray the passengers' leis with a special pheromone which makes the snakes more aggressive in their attack. The crate opens midway through the flight and the snakes make their way through the cabin. A cat in the cargo bay, a couple having sex in the lavatory, and a man using the bathroom are the first killed. The plane's captain, Sam McKeon, investigates and fixes an electrical short, but is killed by the viper that caused it. Co-pilot Rick, unaware of the snake, believes Sam has suffered a heart attack and continues toward LAX. Some of the snakes attack Rick, and while fending them off he accidentally releases the oxygen masks throughout the plane, and snakes drop into the cabin with them. Numerous passengers, including Agent Sanders, are killed. The surviving passengers, who have made their way to the front of the plane, put up blockades of luggage in a desperate attempt to stop the snakes. Agent Flynn contacts FBI Special Agent Hank Harris on the ground, who gets in touch with ophiologist Dr. Steven Price . Based on pictures of the reptiles emailed to him via a mobile phone, Price believes a Los Angeles snake dealer to be responsible. After a shootout with the dealer, he reveals that Kim hired him to obtain the snakes. His supply of anti-venom is commandeered for the plane's victims, and Harris gives orders to have Eddie Kim arrested. Rick is attacked and the plane starts to dip downwards, causing a food trolley to crash through the luggage blockade. The passengers flee to the upstairs first class cabin before blocking the stairwell with an inflatable liferaft. Agent Flynn and Flight Attendant Claire regain control of the plane. Rick retakes the controls and has Flynn go into the cargo hold to restore the air conditioning/ventilation system. Harris contacts Flynn, telling him that anti-venom will be ready for the passengers when they land. However, Flynn discovers that the cockpit is filled with snakes and Rick is dead. After a brief discussion, Troy, Three Gs' bodyguard, agrees to land the plane based on prior experience. After everyone gets prepared, Flynn shoots out two windows with his pistol, causing the plane to depressurize. The snakes are blown out of the cockpit and the lower floor of the plane. Flynn and Troy take the controls of the plane and Troy reveals that his flight experience was from a video game flight simulator. After an emergency landing, the plane makes it to the terminal. The passengers leave the plane and anti-venom is given to those who need it. Just as Flynn and Sean are about to disembark the plane, a final snake jumps out and bites Sean in the chest. Flynn draws his gun and shoots the snake, and paramedics rush to Sean, who is unharmed due to a bulletproof vest. Sean later takes Flynn to Bali and teaches him how to surf."] ['Two brothers Seth  and Richard "Richie" Gecko , wanted by the FBI and Texas police for a bank robbery that has left several people dead, stop at a liquor store with the intent of just picking up a state map, but the psychotic Richie kills Ranger Earl McGraw  and the cashier ([[John Hawkes  and burns the store down. During the gunfight, Richie is shot in his left hand. The Geckos are heading towards Mexico, where a contact has arranged a safehouse for them. Along the way they stop at a motel and it is revealed that they had been keeping a bank teller  in their car trunk as hostage. While Seth goes out to buy some food, Richie brutally rapes and murders the teller, which infuriates Seth when he returns. Meanwhile, Jacob , a pastor who is experiencing a crisis of faith, arrives at the same motel with his daughter Kate  and his adopted son Scott . Realizing that the family\'s RV can be used to get them across the border, the brothers kidnap the family, making a truce that if they can make it past the border, Jacob and his family will not be harmed. When the RV reaches the Mexican border, the Gecko brothers hide in the bathroom with Kate, to ensure Jacob will not say anything to the cops. But when one cop  comes up to the window to speak with him, Jacob behaves nervously, and says it just him and his son crossing the border. The cop hears a noise in the back and asks what it was. When Jacob replies it was his daughter, the cop comes aboard. He knocks on the bathroom door and Kate answers. When they open the door, they see Kate sitting on the toilet, the brothers hidden behind the shower curtain. Kate yells for them to get out, and the cops leave, believing they have cleared the RV of any suspicious activity. After successfully reaching Mexico, they arrive at the "Titty Twister", a strip club/brothel in the middle of a desolate part of Mexico, to meet their contact Carlos at dawn. Inside, Seth and Richie drink heavily, encouraging the entire group to do the same. Richie takes special notice of the club\'s star performer, Santánico Pandemónium  during an extended solo performance, after which Chet Pussy  and some others approach the group, looking to settle the score with the Geckos. In a short confrontation, Richie is stabbed in his already wounded hand, and seeing his blood, Santánico attacks him, undergoing a transformation into a horrific vampire. Chaos ensues as the employees, the strippers and the house band  are all revealed to be vampires. Most of the patrons are quickly killed. Richie is bitten by Santánico and bleeds to death. Only Seth, Jacob, Kate, Scott, a biker named Sex Machine  and a Vietnam veteran trucker named Frost  survive the attack. They quickly establish an alliance in order to survive through the night. Seth convinces the group that Jacob is their best weapon, if he rediscovers his faith, and they also figure out how forming a cross with two objects helps fend off the vampires. The slain patrons, including Richie, reawaken as vampires, forcing the group to kill them all. During this second struggle, one of the vampires bites Sex Machine\'s arm. While the group is listening to Frost recount an event from his days in Vietnam, Sex Machine transforms into a vampire and bites both Frost and Jacob before being tossed through a boarded up window, which allows many other vampires, in the form of bats, to enter. Seth and the Fullers retreat to a storeroom and improvise anti-vampire weapons from supplies left by prior victims of the bar. The four stage their final assault on the vampires, their weapons proving effective in destroying many of the creatures. During the battle, Sex Machine is killed by Kate and Jacob slays the vampiric Frost. Jacob transforms, but Scott is hesitant to kill him and gets bitten. He manages to dispatch his father and is dragged down by other vampires. Kate follows the wishes of her brother and kills him, also destroying his attackers. As the sun rises, only Seth and Kate remain alive, surrounded and low on ammunition. Just then, sunlight breaks through the bullet-holes in the bar walls and burns the vampires. Seth and Kate shoot out more holes, which allows them to survive until Carlos and his guards show up. They open the doors, and the sunlight reflects on the bar\'s disco ball, killing the rest of the creatures while Seth and Kate flee outdoors. Safely outside, Seth confronts a bewildered Carlos , who asks if the bar was run by psychopaths. Seth sarcastically replies that psychopaths don\'t explode in sunlight. Angry over the deaths of Richie, Jacob and Scott, Seth demands that Carlos lower his 30% take for his stay in El Rey and telling them to wait in the bar, to which Carlos reluctantly agrees. Kate offers to accompany Seth, but fearing for her safety, he declines and gives her some cash. After Kate drives the RV away, the camera pans back to reveal that the "Titty Twister" bar is the top of an Aztec temple partially sunk into a valley wall, most likely the source and true home of the vampire monsters who\'ve been spreading their curse for centuries, with many abandoned motorbikes and trucks seen around it which means many people met a horrible end.'] ['The three short sequences are based on the following Poe tales: "Morella", "The Black Cat" which is combined with another Poe tale, "The Cask of Amontillado"<ref name"Morella""The Black Cat""The Facts in the Case of M. Valdemar" Dying from a painful disease, M. Valdemar  employs a hypnotist, Mr. Carmichael , to alleviate his suffering by putting him under various trances. He then remains between the world of the living and the dead. In a trance, Valdemar begs Carmichael to release his soul so he can die but Carmichael cruelly refuses. Months pass and Valdemar\'s putrifying body remains in his bed under the complete control of Carmichael. The hypnotist tries to force Valdemar\'s wife Helene  to marry him. When she refuses, he attacks her. Valdemar\'s putrid body rises from the bed and kills Carmichael. Helene is rescued by Valdemar\'s physician  and carried from the scene of horror.'] ['When private detective Jack Chandler  tries to track down a teenage runaway , he runs into a cult of Egyptian chainsaw-worshipping prostitutes led by "The Master" .'] ['When attempts to break into the pop business leaves him with nothing but a bloody nose songwriter Jason Jones  decides to take a break with "Hairy Holidays", an outfit run by shifty, gay travel agent Pollock . After failing to chat Jason up, Pollock sends him to pseudo-health farm- Brittlehurst Manor. On the train journey there Jason meets Judy  who is also on the way to the same destination to meet her long lost Aunt. Both are unaware that the health farm  is a front for Dr Storm  and his lobotomy experiments that turn wayward hippies into his mindless zombie slaves. The wheelchair bound Doctor surrounds himself with an entourage that including Judy\'s aunt, and erstwhile brothel madam, Olga , dwarf Frederick  and numerous zombie bikers thugs. Dr Storm also has a Rolls Royce fitted with a giant blade that decapitates escapees and interfering parties. Abraham  arrives at the Horror Hospital "looking for his chick" and is promptly whacked around the head by the motorcycle zombies. Frederick, fed up at literally being Storm\'s whipping boy helps the kids escape- paving the way for Seventies youth to put the final spanner in the works of Storm\'s scheme.'] [' The story revolves around a Basque Roman Catholic priest dedicated to committing as many sins as possible , a death metal salesman from Carabanchel , and the Italian host of a TV show on the occult . By committing multiple sins, the priest hopes to sell his soul, so that he can be at the birth of the Antichrist and kill it before it can destroy the world. The priest and the death metal salesmen kidnap the host, so he can help them in summoning the devil. The ritual requires the blood of a virgin and while on his quest to get it, the priest accidentally kills the salesmen\'s mother and close friend. During the ritual, in which the main characters go on a acid "trip", the devil manifests and, not being fooled by the priests actions, and thus does not reveal the location of the Antichrist. The trio eventually track down the birth place of the Antichrist. The salesman is killed by the devil\'s minions, and the priest and the host are badly injured and burned, but they are able to kill the Antichrist. The movie ends with the priest and the host as homeless drifters.'] ['In 1889, the site that will become Perfection Valley is home to the town of Rejection Valley. The inhabitants are completely dependent on the income from a nearby silver mine, and when a hot spring causes Graboid eggs to hatch, the mine becomes too dangerous to work. The mine\'s owner is Hiram Gummer, great-grandfather of Burt Gummer . Hiram is a direct opposite of his descendant: he is a cold, lofty, well-mannered businessman with no experience in weapons or in any physical activity whatsoever . He arrives in town to fix the problem, but finds he is in way over his head dealing with the monsters, which they have dubbed "Dirt Dragons"  when they attack his camp one night. One of his companions, Juan, kills one with a pick-axe and they barely get away. Hiram calls for a gunfighter, Black Hand Kelly. He promises Kelly all the silver he can carry once the mine is reopened, but has to give him his diamond cuff links and double eagle watch fob as a down payment for his services. While on the lookout for the creatures, they find the severed head of a resident who had not been seen in weeks. The two do not get along well, though Kelly succeeds in conveying to Hiram some of his attitude towards firearms and life in general. Eventually Kelly is eaten alive but not before discovering there are four of the creatures that hatched, with three remaining since Juan killed one. Hiram decides to abandon the town and leave the townsfolk to their fate, but they force him to give them the silver mine, threatening to alert potential buyers to the danger if he sells it out from under them. In Carson City, Hiram hears a telegram revealing that the Graboids have made it through the pass and are headed for the town. So he changes his mind, buys a bunch of weapons, and heads back to town to lead a last stand against the creatures. He apologizes and says, "a friend once told me it is not important how you spend your money, it\'s how you spend your life." He then reveals that he sold his gold pocket watch to pay for the weapons. The town readies itself for a final showdown with the Graboids. Hiram uses a huge punt gun to blow a hole in one of the Graboids, killing it instantly, but a second one pulls the gun underground. Tecopa then attracts one of the Graboids by sticking a saw in to the ground and banging on it, when the Graboid rushes to eat him, it impales itself on the saw. The third and final Graboid grows smarter, however, and avoids all their traps. Hiram tricks it into coming to the surface and then attaches it by the tail to the wheel of a steam traction engine. The Graboid is reeled in and slammed against the wheel with such force that it is decapitated on impact. With the creatures dead, the town decides to keep the creatures secret out of fear no one would settle in the area if it was known and use the proceeds from the mine to pay for things for the people of the town. Hiram settles in Rejection , building his home in the same place Burt\'s would one day be. He is also gifted with a Colt 1865 Gatling gun and begins target practice, enjoying it. This love for guns would be passed down in his family to Burt.'] ['Los Angeles TV horror hostess Elvira, Mistress of the Dark  quits her job after an outburst involving sexual harassment with the station\'s new owner. She discovers she has been included in the will of her late great-aunt Morgana. Which entitles her to all of Morgana\'s worldly possessions, a mansion in Fallwell, Massachusetts, a Bichon Frise who doesn\'t really seem to be what it appears, and a book of what she considers cooking recipes. Despite her brazen and seductive exterior, she is determined to start a life in this conservative town and even striking up a friendship with Bob Redding ([[Daniel Greene , the local theater operator, and her "assets" and good nature also attract the attention of many of the town\'s teenagers, much to the chagrin of their closed-minded parents who see her as a bad influence. Bob\'s infatuation with Elvira also infuriates his love interest Patty who, with the help of several members of the school board and PTA sabotage Elvira\'s good name and her attempts to open a late night film fest using Bob\'s theater, the last straw breaking when in a Flashdance scene, she is covered in tar instead of a bucket of water and feathered by Patty, humiliating her. All the while, Elvira\'s uncle Vincent Talbot  appears harmless, but he is in fact a warlock bent on finding Morgana\'s secret "recipes" and using them to take over the world, and he is largely responsible for the suspicion of the town adults and their hatred toward Elvira. Elvira tries to console herself and impress Bob by cooking dinner using one of Morgana\'s recipes, and despite the oddity of the ingredients she succeeds, only to have herself and Bob attacked by a creature created from the mixture. Elvira discovers that the recipe book is actually a spellbook and plots to use the same creatures at the PTA picnic that weekend. The plan doesn\'t go accordingly, however instead of being attacked by monsters, the adults lose their inhibitions and are suddenly tearing each other\'s clothes off in promiscuity at the park, eventually being arrested for indecent exposure. Patty and Chastity, the head of the PTA, use this as a catalyst to accuse Elvira of witchcraft and the townsfolk decide to set an example and arrest her. The fear and hatred escalates, and despite the teenagers rallying to help her, they end up breaking into the wrong cell and become trapped. Elvira is taken to be burned at the stake and her dog transforms into a mouse and escapes to the mansion and obtains her great aunt\'s ring who brings it to Elvira. Elvira casts a spell to make it rain and put out the fire that\'s about to burn her and with Bob\'s help she manages to escape. Discovering that Vincent is behind this, she tries to face him, but loses her ring and runs to retrieve her spell book from the house to combat him. Vincent gives chase and when they arrive, their combat lights the house on fire. In the fray, Vincent loses Morgana\'s ring and Elvira uses it on him, expelling him to the underworld. She and Bob manage to escape the house before it is completely engulfed in flames. The next morning, Elvira, whose house was salvageable, and all of her aunt\'s possessions and magical objects were destroyed is ready to leave town. She is approached by Chastity who apologizes for their behavior and a shamed Patty who was embarrassed by Elvira the night before, as well as all the teenagers who, with Bob try to convince Elvira to stay. As she has nowhere to stay, she opts to leave town, but not before kissing Bob, hinting at a blooming relationship. The scene follows Elvira\'s experiences as portrayed in a suave and sexy song and dance number on a Las Vegas stage, now officially labeling her as "Mistress of the Dark"'] ['Father Jedediah Mayii  casts out the Devil from the body of young Nancy Aglet . Seventeen years later, in 1990, Nancy\'s body is possessed once again, however, while watching "The Ernest and Fanny Miracle Hour", a religious broadcast. After a visit to the hospital, and a visit from Father Luke Brophy , Brophy concludes that Nancy is indeed possessed. Mayii, however, refuses to perform the exorcism, claiming he is too weak, and that both he and Nancy barely survived her previous exorcism. Brophy then visits the Supreme Council for Exorcism Granting. Ernest and Fanny of "The Ernest and Fanny Miracle Hour" are also present. Ernest concludes that an exorcism is warranted, and convinces the Council to televise Nancy\'s exorcism. They agree, believing it will convert millions, so Ernest presents "Ernest and Fanny\'s Exorcism Tonight" to the network. Feeling he may be needed, Mayii visits "Bods-R-Us", a gymnasium, to restore his physical strength. There, Brophy approaches him, informs him of the televised exorcism, and attempts once more to convince Mayii to conduct the exorcism, though he refuses again. The night of Nancy\'s exorcism arrives, presented by Ernest and Fanny. After a montage of attempts to free Nancy\'s body using phone donations, song, and insults , "Ernest and Fanny\'s Exorcism Tonight" is announced as having the largest audience in history. Upon hearing this, the Devil, in Nancy\'s body, sets the studio on fire, causing the audience to flee. He reveals to Ernest and Fanny that he used them to get the largest audience, and turns them into a pantomime horse. Using the camera, the Devil tries to claim the souls of the viewing audience, but is stopped by Brophy, who destroys the camera. The Devil announces he knows another way to claim their souls, and runs away, heading for a satellite transmitter. He is pursued by religious figures from around the world, who have gathered at Brophy\'s command. Brophy teases the Devil about his defeat to Mayii. Back in the studio, the Devil successfully uses the camera to lure Mayii to him for a rematch. The exorcism, with commentary by "Mean Gene" Okerlund and Jesse Ventura, is ineffective until the Devil mentions that he hates Rock \'n Roll. Turning the TV studio into a live concert, the song "Devil with a Blue Dress On" is played to the Devil by the various religious figures, including The Pope on guitars. The Devil is tormented so that he is finally driven from Nancy\'s body, declaring "I\'ll be back!".'] ['The U.S. government grows worried for the nation\'s avocado supply after some confrontations with the "Piranha" tribe of cannibal women, who live in the mysterious "Avocado Jungle"  and ritually sacrifice and eat men. The government recruits Margo Hunt , a professor of feminist studies at a local university , to travel into the Avocado Jungle and make contact with the women to attempt to convince them to move to a reservation/condo in Malibu. Along the way, she and her travelling companions -- male chauvinist guide Jim  and ditzy undergraduate Bunny  -- meet a tribe of subservient men called the "Donnahew"  and face dangers in their path. Eventually, the trio  meets the Piranha women, who have recently taken Dr. Kurtz  as their "empress." Kurtz is Dr. Hunt\'s former colleague in feminist studies  and now her nemesis; she has joined the tribe of Piranha women with her own exploitative agenda. The two argue about the morality of sacrificing men and the exploitation of the Piranha women, and Bunny decides to join the tribe, her first sacrifice being Jim. Bunny cannot go through with the kill, however, and Dr. Hunt escapes, aided by the handsome, intelligent, and sensitive Jean-Pierre , who also was to be sacrificed. Dr. Margo Hunt finds in the jungle a rival tribe of cannibal women, the Barracuda Women, who are at war with the Piranha women due to differences over which condiment  most appropriately accompanies a meal of sacrificed man. Hunt returns to the Piranha stronghold with this other tribe and rescues Bunny and Jim as well as Jean-Pierre. Margo Hunt challenges Kurtz to a duel for supremacy, and they argue while fighting with various weapons; eventually, Margo impales Kurtz with a fencing sword. Kurtz explains her motives to Hunt in her last words - after ruling the Piranha tribe, she cannot return to civilization and the talk-show circuit. She then kills herself by plunging into a pit filled with water and piranha fish. Having discovered the government plot to domesticate the Piranha women by providing aerobics classes and frequent exposure to Cosmopolitan magazine, Hunt refuses to bring the Piranha women with her, and instead persuades the warring cannibal tribes to reunite, maintaining the peace by means of consciousness-raising groups. The film ends happily for the trio of main characters: Bunny and Jim are to be married, and Jean-Pierre has enrolled at Dr Hunt\'s university as a feminist studies major, becoming in the process the ideal companion for Hunt.'] ['Student Bodies is about a serial killer who stalks female students at Lamab High School, while at the same time, voyeuristically watching them. The killer calls himself "The Breather," presumably because the killer is always breathing heavily. The Breather enjoys stalking victims over the telephone and much like Jason Voorhees of the Friday the 13th movies, he hates seeing youngsters having sex. The Breather uses many unusual objects to kill his female victims such as a paper clip, a chalkboard eraser, and a horse-head bookend. He kills his male victims by placing them in trash bags alive. The film itself ends with several twists: initially, it is revealed that the Principal and his elderly female assistant are working as a duo as "The Breather", even though they are shown at one point in the film in the same room as other characters when the Breather contacts the school to threaten to commit further murders. The film then goes to reveal that the entire film was a fevered dream, caused by the main character Toby being sick and consumed by overwhelming sexual repression. In a send-up of The Wizard of Oz, many characters are revealed to be much the opposite of what they appeared to be for the bulk of the film: the jock-like shop instructor is really the school\'s French teacher, the stuck-up would-be prom queen is actually the school nerd , the two handicapped kids turn out to be non-crippled, and a local ROTC cadet is a hippie. After being released from the hospital, Toby and her boyfriend are about to have sex, at which point he puts on gloves similar to the ones worn by the Breather and strangles Toby, as he has lost respect for her. However, in a homage to the nightmare-ending of Carrie, Toby\'s hands rise up from the freshly dug grave after her funeral to attack her killer.'] ['How to Be a Serial Killer is the story of Mike Wilson, a charismatic, educated, and articulate young man who has found his life\'s purpose in exterminating people. Mike is determined to spread his message about the joy of serial murder and recruits a lost soul named Bart to be his pupil. Mike leads Bart through the "ethics" of murder as well as teaching him various lessons in disposing of corpses, balancing work and play, methods of killing, and many more. Mike and Bart\'s curriculum is interrupted when Mike\'s girlfriend discovers what\'s beneath her boyfriend\'s charming exterior and Mike and Bart must kill their way out of being discovered by the cops. The film is based upon the 1990 Belgian mockumentary Man Bites Dog.'] ['College student James  arrives from New Orleans at a desert ranch owned by his father, Hezekiah  to help out. Soon after arriving, James is hit on by Hezekiah\'s wife, Cheryl , and starts having nightmares. James and Cheryl are caught by Hezekiah having sex, Cheryl and Hezekiah have a fight, then she leaves the ranch that night. Hezekiah drives into town and picks up another woman, Alisha , who also quickly falls for James then disappears. Cheryl staggers into Hezekiah\'s "studio" , and dies in front of James. He takes her into the house, where he finds his father crying over Alisha\'s dead body. James calls a care facility because he thinks his dad has gone crazy. They send out a nurse, Patty , who handcuffs Hezekiah to his bed so that the next time somebody gets killed, he can be eliminated as a suspect. In the few days of waiting for the next victim to show up, Patty and James decide to while away the time by having sex. James reveals to Patty that he went to a witch doctor  back in New Orleans to help him with attracting females but was misled; his penis can now detach itself from his body and kill people. A side story involves a sexually confused local mechanic  and his probably intentional delay in fixing James\'s car, in order to seduce him.'] ['A man discovers a sticky white substance bubbling out of the ground. It is found to be sweet and addictive. Later, the substance is marketed as the Stuff and is sold to the general public in pint containers like ice cream. It is marketed as having no calories and as being sweet, creamy, and filling. The Stuff becomes a nationwide craze and drastically hurts the sales of ice cream. A former FBI agent turned industrial saboteur, David "Mo" Rutherford , is hired by the leaders of the suffering ice cream industry, as well as junk food mogul Charles W. "Chocolate Chip Charlie" Hobbs , to find out exactly what the Stuff is and destroy it. His efforts reveal that the craze for the dessert is far deadlier and much more evil than anyone had believed – the Stuff is actually a living, parasitic, and possibly sentient organism, and it gradually takes over the brain, mutating those who eat it into bizarre zombie-like creatures before consuming them from the inside and leaving them empty shells of their former selves. A young boy named Jason  also discovers the Stuff is alive and sees how it affects his family. He gets arrested for vandalizing a supermarket in trying to smash displays of the Stuff, attracting the attention of Rutherford, who comes to his aid. Rutherford also manages to charm Nicole, an advertising executive , who becomes his partner and lover when she sees the effect of the Stuff. The trio infiltrates the distribution operation, which is actually an organized corporate effort to spread the Stuff on the basis of eliminating world hunger, and destroy the lake of Stuff with explosives. Paul Sorvino co-stars as Colonel Malcolm Grommett Spears, a retired right-wing soldier who leads a militia in battling the zombies and transmitting a civil defense message for Americans to break their addiction to the Stuff by destroying it with fire. The Stuff addiction is ended and Rutherford, Nicole, Jason, and Col. Spears are hailed as national heroes. Mo then visits the Stuff company\'s head, a man named Mr. Fletcher ([[Patrick O\'Neal . He tells Mo that the destruction of the mine has not hurt his business, since the Stuff seeps out from many places in the ground, but Mo vows to find those places and gets rid of them all. Another man, Mr. Vickers , brings in Mr. Evans , the ice cream mogul with whom he is now working – and who had originally hired Mo to find out about what the Stuff was. They tell him they have come up with a new product that they call the Taste, which is a mix of 88% ice cream and 12% the Stuff, supposedly enough to make people crave more without it taking over their minds or killing them. However, Mo then brings in Jason, who is carrying a box, and then holds the two moguls at gunpoint. The box is full of pint containers of the Stuff, and Mo forces both to eat them all as punishment for all the lives lost to it, and for their greed. As they do, Rutherford asks pointedly, "are you eatin\' it...or is it eatin\' you?" When they finish, Mo and Jason leave them to the approaching police. The movie ends with smugglers selling the Stuff on the black market.'] ['The film is about an extremely sadistic and patriotic American soldier named Sam Harper who is killed by friendly fire in Kuwait during Desert Storm. He is brought back to life on the Fourth of July, as Uncle Sam. He then proceeds to wreak havoc on the unsuspecting, yet unpatriotic citizens of his hometown.'] ['Jimmy  and Fletch  are two friends living in London experiencing life problems. Jimmy is dumped by his girlfriend and Fletch is fired from his job as a clown. They decide to escape their woes and hike to a remote village in Norfolk they find on an old map. As they arrive at a pub in the village, with Jimmy upset about Fletch destroying his phone, they see a number of attractive foreign female history students leaving. Hoping to find more beautiful women inside, they are greeted by a morose crowd of men and approached by a seemingly crazed vicar  who believes Jimmy is a long lost descendant of a local vampire slayer. As the barman offers the two men free ale as an apology for the vicar, they learn the students they saw earlier are going to a cottage - where they are to stay the night. Jimmy and Fletch pursue the students\' bus, catching up to it as the engine has broken down, and are introduced to four girls . They are invited to join a party on the bus. The group arrives at their destination, only to learn that a curse rests over the village and that every female child turns into a lesbian vampire on her eighteenth birthday. There is an old legend stating that the Vampire Queen, Carmilla, descended on the village, killed its menfolk and seduced its women to her evil. When the ruler of the land, Baron Wolfgang Mclaren  returned from the Crusades, he discovered one of the women corrupted by Carmilla was his wife, Eva. The baron forged a sacred sword, then defeated Carmilla, but before dying, Carmilla cursed the village, adding that when the blood of the last of Mclaren\'s bloodline mixed with a virgin girl\'s blood, Carmilla would be resurrected. Fletch and Jimmy spend the night with the women. Heidi, Anke and Trudi are turned into vampires. After Lotte insists that the others try to find her missing friends, they witness Trudi being turned. Eva, Carmilla\'s mistress, tries to draw Lotte to her growing clan of lesbian vampires. The trio runs back into the cottage after killing vampires Heidi and Anke and barricade themselves in after the vampires destroy the bus. Jimmy\'s ex-girlfriend Judi arrives at the door and Jimmy, not ready to give up on the relationship, takes her into the bedroom. Lotte reveals to Fletch that she is a virgin and wants to sleep with Jimmy. At the church, the Vicar researches the vampire slayer who killed Carmilla before arming himself and setting off to find Jimmy. Judi reveals herself to be a vampire, and after a struggle, Fletch and Jimmy kill her. The vampires approach the cottage and Jimmy inadvertently invites them in. Eva discovers that Jimmy is the descendant of the baron who killed Carmilla and that Lotte is a virgin and kidnaps them. The Vicar saves Fletch from Trudi and tells Fletch the truth about the village and Jimmy\'s identity. They go after Jimmy and Lotte in the Vicar\'s crucifix-covered car. As the vampires prepare to sacrifice Lotte and Jimmy, Fletch and the Vicar try to recover the sword of Daeldo, the sword that killed Carmilla, from the baron\'s tomb. While Fletch works to open the tomb, the Vicar checks on his daughter Rebecca, but does not notice that she has been turned. Rebecca attempts to seduce Fletch, who does not know what she is. When she attacks him, she is inadvertently impaled on the sword. Fletch decides not to tell the Vicar of his daughter\'s death. At Carmilla\'s tomb, Lotte reveals her love for Jimmy. The vampires begin draining the two of their blood to resurrect Carmilla. With the sword, Fletch and the Vicar drive to Carmilla\'s tomb. When they enter the woods, they bring various weapons, but forget the sword. Despite not having the sword, the pair reach Jimmy and Lotte. The Vicar releases them, but not before enough blood gathers to resurrect Carmilla. The Vicar sacrifices himself so the others can get back to the car and the sword. Eva separates Lotte from the men, attacking and seducing her. Lotte fights back while Fletch and Jimmy fetch weapons. Lotte kills Eva with her cross necklace, infuriating Carmilla. Fletch tries to kill Carmilla before Lotte is turned, but is captured himself. Jimmy saves them by hurling the sword at Carmilla, piercing her heart and destroying her for good. With the curse lifted, the three survivors decide to continue ridding the world of evil. The film ends with the shot of a "Gay Werewolf" howling before the full moon.'] 