['Denver housewife and mother Penny Chenery  agrees to take over her ailing father’s Virginia-based Meadow Stables, despite her lack of horse racing knowledge. With the help of veteran trainer Lucien Laurin , Chenery manages to navigate the male-dominated business, ultimately fostering the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years and one of the greatest racehorses of all time. The film begins with Penny learning of her mother\'s death and returning to her childhood home. She reunites with Mrs. Ham, her father\'s secretary, and comforts her confused and elderly father. At her mother\'s funeral, Penny meets Arthur "Bull" Hancock and his son, Seth Hancock, of Claiborne Farm in Kentucky. The Hancocks offer to Penny any help she may need during her efforts to bring Meadow Stables back to profitability. Penny\'s brother Hollis informs her of a bad and dishonest sale that was about to be made by the trainer until their mother stopped him. Penny fires the trainer and asks Bull Hancock to help her find a new trainer. He recommends Lucien Laurin, an aging French Canadian, who initially turns down Penny\'s offer. Penny\'s father had made a deal with leading owner Ogden Phipps that if Phipps would breed his best stallion  with Chenerey\'s two best mares  that when the mares were close to term they would flip a coin to see who got which foal. Bold Ruler, the stallion, was fast but couldn\'t last over distances. Hasty Matilda was the obvious choice due to her young age, but Somethingroyal\'s bloodline was made up of many horses with good stamina. Penny hopes to win and choose Somethingroyal\'s foal due to the interesting mix of speed and stamina. Phipps picks Hasty Matilda and Penny wins Somethingroyal\'s foal, Secretariat. When Big Red  enters his first race at Aqueduct race track in Queens, New York, everyone has high expectations. The jockey, Paul , is very young with little experience which worries Penny but Lucien reassures her and says they will do fine. During the race, Red repeatedly is hit. First when he comes out of the gate, and repeatedly in the pack and on the rail. Red comes in 4th due to running like he was afraid of the other horses due to their hitting. Penny and Lucien fight and Lucien blames Paul for the loss. Penny realizes the only way Red could ever win is if he had an experienced jockey. Penny\'s flight back home is canceled on the day of the race and she misses her daughter Kate\'s solo in the play. Her son holds up the pay phone so Penny can hear her sing. The scene closes with Penny covering part of the phone and crying over missing important parts of her children\'s lives. Penny gets experienced jockey Ron Turcotte to ride Red who leads him to many victories. Secretariat is named horse of the year after a successful two-year-old year, but all the colts of Bold Ruler can\'t handle the distances that three-year-olds run. Penny\'s father suffers a stroke and dies, leaving Penny and her brother Hollis to inherit the estate. Penny needs six million dollars to pay estate taxes, but refuses to sell Secretariat. Instead she syndicates Red, selling 32 shares worth more than six million dollars, as long as he can win a three year old distance race. She tries to sell a share to Ogden Phipps, who instead offers to buy Red for eight million dollars. Penny refuses to sell him. When Phipps demands to know why, she tells him Red\'s value will triple when he wins the Triple Crown – a feat no horse has accomplished in twenty-five years. During this time Frank "Pancho" Martin, trainer of rival horse Sham, provokes a match race with Red. Red is taken to the Wood Memorial three weeks before the first of the Triple Crown races to take on Sham and attempt to earn Penny her syndication money. Ronnie notices that Red\'s breathing is heavy and he refuses to eat, and is reluctant to allow the bit into his mouth. Red loses the race, after which it\'s discovered he has an abscess which may have caused the loss. Red recovers and wins the Derby and Preakness in record time, then wins the Belmont by 31 lengths  to secure the Triple Crown.'] ["Patrick Mcardle is a fifteen-year-old who is forced to play baseball by his former baseball player dad. Patrick doesn't know what to do with his life. When he skips ball practice one day, he visits his friend Houston Jones, a former steeplechase champion. Houston dazzles Patrick by telling him stories of when he was Patrick's age and in love with a white rich girl named Julie, who taught him to ride. Patrick, at a game, sees his teammate Chuck's older sister Jill, and gets knocked out by the pitch. Patrick's father asks him about his fall, and Patrick confronts him about pushing him in baseball. Patrick visits Houston after the game and Houston tells him more stories. This time about Julie's death when she told Houston she was going to marry him. Patrick feels sorry and asks Houston to train him in steeplechase. When Houston agrees, Patrick's parents are appalled when he asked them for permission. His mother thinks it is too dangerous, while his father is concerned about Patrick taking riding lessons from a drunk black man. When they agree, Houston buys Patrick a horse named Rusty, and tells Patrick to take care of him till he says stop. Patrick meets again with Chuck and Jill and asks them to join him at Houston's barbecue, he also invites his parents. There, his parents begin to trust Houston more. Patrick starts to learn how to ride Rusty as Jill tends to Houston's garden. One day, the rich town bully and steeplechase champion, Randy, destroys Houston's vegetable/fruit stand; Houston warns him to stop. Houston then starts to collapse while Randy leaves and Patrick arrives. Jill calls 911, and Houston refuses to go to the hospital. The next day, Houston dies on his couch, leaving Patrick devastated. Patrick drops out of the steeplechase race and stops taking care of Rusty. Jill finds a package addressed to Patrick in Houston's closet as well as pictures of Patrick as a boy, while walking around his home. She gives the package to Patrick and he finds Houston's old uniform and a carved horse, along with a letter. Patrick decides to enter the race and gets there just in time. Jill kisses Patrick before he leaves and sets up. Patrick, along with strong Rusty and Houston's voice in his head, does well in the race and wins. In the end, Patrick lays his trophy on Houston's grave, along with Houston's hat and harmonica."] ['Jay Trotter drives a cab. His friend Looney, also a cab driver, has a secret microphone in his taxi to record his passengers\' conversations. Looney has a tape of two men talking about a horse race and how one of the horses, due to some unethical practice by its owner, is a sure thing to win big. Jay goes to the track to place a bet -- despite the fact that the day before, he told his wife Pam that he would quit betting and be home to "start their marriage over" at noon. In the restroom of the bar next door, he prays to God, "Just one day, that\'s all I\'m asking for, one day, I\'m due." A man exiting the bathrooms says "Ya? So\'s Jesus. Let it ride." Jay promptly places a $50 bet. The horse wins in a photo finish and pays $28.40 to win . Armed with a new found sense of confidence, Jay approaches the two men from Looney\'s cab and generously gives them the tape of their conversation. Out of gratitude, they give him a tip for the next race. He places a bet and wins again. Sensing that this could be his "lucky day," Jay goes on picking winner after winner, letting it ride . As he accumulates more money and uses his new friends\' membership in the track\'s exclusive dining room, he starts coming into contact with other gamblers, including the wealthy Mrs. Davis and a sexy vixen named Vicki. He becomes a hero to the ticket seller  whose window he uses every time, and to the customers of the track\'s bar. However, he has totally neglected his wife Pam. Pam flies into a rage when she confronts her husband at the track. He cannot stop. He takes a survey of the track patrons and, eliminating any selection they give him, bets on the remaining horse, which wins. Jay decides to call it a day and goes home to Pam, who is intoxicated and passed out. He heads back to the track to help the patrons of Marty\'s bar across the street, but when he suggests sharing his luck by betting their money, they balk at the idea. Disconcerted, he goes for a walk around the track. Vicki offers to "go to bed with him." Jay "breaks the fourth wall" by saying to the audience, "Am I having a good day or what?" Ultimately, he turns Vicki down by professing his love for his wife. Jay makes a final bet of $68,000  after Looney advises him not to bet on Hot to Trot. As the race begins, Looney and Trotter argue over everything, the main characters all make resolutions. In Vicki\'s case, she vows to give up rich guys and consider a poor one, looking at Looney. The race comes down to a photo finish. While everyone awaits the result, Pam shows up to thank Jay for his lovely gift and to tell him not worry about the money, when the announcer reports the winner: Hot to Trot. The entire racetrack erupts in celebration, which cause Pam to ask, "why is everyone cheering?" Jay replies, "because I\'m having a very good day."'] ['In a rush to pack up during a thunderstorm after blowing a tire, the Circus Sorano  accidentally leaves behind a baby zebra. The foal is rescued by Nolan Walsh, a retired thoroughbred-racehorse trainer. Nolan takes the zebra home to his ramshackle farm, and leaves it in the care of his teenage daughter Channing, who names him "Stripes". The other farmyard animals try to educate Stripes about life on the farm, but he is convinced that he is destined for the nearby racetrack, even though he isn\'t a real racehorse . Channing has a similar ambition: to become a jockey. Her father refuses to let her train, as he believes it\'s too dangerous; he retired from training after Channing\'s mother, also a jockey, died in a racing accident, several years before. Stripes befriends a gorgeous white mare, Sandy, though the thoroughbred stallions at the racetrack bully Stripes, saying he doesn\'t belong on their racetrack. After losing a late-night race with thoroughbred Trenton\'s Pride, Stripes is even more determined to be a racehorse. The other farmyard animals  disable Channing\'s motorbike so that she has to ride Stripes to her job at the racetrack, where she works as a cleaner. After dark she and stripes have their first taste of the racetrack together and are seen by old punter Woodzie who spots their potential. Champion Horse Breeder Clara Dalrymple, for whom Nolan used to train horses, nastily challenges Nolan to enter his Zebra in the Kentucky Open. Nolan can\'t afford the entry fee, but is approached by Woodzie who offers to pay. Nolan is determined not to let his daughter race, but her enthusiasm eventually wins him over, and he agrees to train Stripes. They mow a rustic-looking track in a cornfield and begin to train, helped by Tucker, a Shetland Pony who has helped coach champion racehorses in the past. Stripes loses enthusiasm after finding out he\'s a zebra, but his farmyard friends - especially Franny the goat - convince him he has a chance. Thoroughbreds Sir Trenton and his son Pride decide to teach Stripes a lesson the night before the race, and they attack him as he talks to Sandy on a riverbank. In the morning his farmyard friends rouse him and liberate Sandy, who the thoroughbreds are keeping hostage at the stables. At the races, Nolan responds to Clara\'s mockery by placing a personal bet on the race. They agree that if Stripes wins, Nolan can keep Sandy; and if her horse Pride wins, Nolan will go back to work for her. Stripes is coached through the race by Tucker, via two blowfly friends and Goose who act as messengers. In spite of losing ground half way round the course, Stripes finds the fire to catch up and win. He presents his prize wreath to Tucker, and Goose strategically poops on Clara\'s glamorous hat.'] ['The film follows the story of an American girl, Sarah Brown, who is orphaned when her parents are killed in a car crash. She is sent to England to live with her aunt Velvet Brown and Uncle John. When Velvet was a similar age to Sarah, she and her horse, The Pie, entered the legendary Grand National horse race and won; however, she was instantly disqualified due to falling from the horse after the race before reaching the enclosure. The Pie is ultimately put out to stud upon his retirement. He sires his last foal after Sarah\'s arrival in England. Sarah and Velvet are present for the birth of this foal and Sarah eventually decides that she\'d like to purchase him. She later finds out that her Aunt Velvet has bought him for her. Sarah aptly names him "Arizona Pie" . She shows enough talent to be selected for the British Olympic team, where she is the junior, but she does well under the stern guidance of Captain Johnson. Sarah lives up to her dream and enters the Olympic Three Day Event helping Great Britain win the team competition. She falls in love with an American competitor and moves back to America with him. At the conclusion of the film she gives her Olympic gold medal to her Aunt Velvet. Sarah introduces her fiance by saying: "Scott, I want you to meet my parents".'] ['Down on his luck horse trainer Lloyd Bourdelle  risks it all on a two-year-old colt at the All American Futurity at Ruidoso Downs in New Mexico.'] ['Seo Joo-Hee is a Horse Jockey who dreams of winning the Grand Prix championship. One day, she suffers an accident during a horse race and her beloved horse is put down and she injures her arm. She falls into depression and quits horse racing and decides to go to Jeju for a vacation. There, she meets Woo-suk, a fellow Horse Jockey who has previously won the championship. They fall in love and he helps and encourages her for comeback to Grand Prix Championship.'] ['{{Expand section}} A young jockey investigates on strange deadly accidents that involve his race horse.'] 