["Wild Bill Hickok is haunted by his dreams of a giant white buffalo. So much that he travels the West to find the beast. Along the way, Hickok meets Crazy Horse, who is also searching the plains for the giant white buffalo, who has killed Crazy Horse's daughter. Hickok and Crazy Horse team up to kill the elusive buffalo."] ['In 1863, First Lieutenant John J. Dunbar  is injured in the American Civil War. Rather than having his leg amputated, he takes a horse and rides up to the Confederate front lines, distracting them in the process. The roused Union army then attacks and the battle ends a Confederate rout. Dunbar survives, is allowed to properly recover, receives a citation for bravery and is awarded Cisco, the horse who carried him, as well as his choice of posting. Dunbar requests a transfer to the western frontier so he can see its vast terrain before it goes. Dunbar arrives at his new post, Fort Sedgwick, but finds it abandoned and in disrepair. Despite the threat of nearby Native American tribes, he elects to stay and man the post himself. He begins rebuilding and restocking the fort and prefers the solitude afforded him, recording many of his observations in his journal. Dunbar initially encounters his Sioux neighbors when several attempts are made to steal his horse and intimidate him. In response, Dunbar decides to seek out the Sioux camp in an attempt to establish a dialogue. On his way he comes across Stands With A Fist , who has injured herself in mourning of her deceased husband. She is the white adopted daughter of the tribe\'s medicine man Kicking Bird ([[Graham Greene , as her white family was killed by the aggressive Pawnee tribe when she was young. Dunbar returns her to the Sioux to be treated, which changes their attitude toward him. Eventually, Dunbar establishes a rapport with Kicking Bird and warrior Wind In His Hair  who equally wish to communicate. Initially the language barrier frustrates them, so Stands With A Fist, though with difficulty remembering her English, acts as translator. Dunbar finds himself drawn to the lifestyle and customs of the tribe and begins spending most of his time with them. Learning their language, he becomes a hero among the Sioux and is accepted as an honored guest after he locates a migrating herd of buffalo and participates in the hunt. When at Fort Sedgwick, Dunbar also befriends a wolf he dubs "Two Socks" for its white forepaws. When the Sioux observe Dunbar and Two Socks chasing each other, they give him his Sioux name "Dances with Wolves". During this time, Dunbar also forges a romantic relationship with Stands with a Fist and helps defend the village from an attack by the rival Pawnee. Dunbar eventually wins Kicking Bird\'s approval to marry Stands with a Fist, and abandons Fort Sedgwick. Because of the growing Pawnee and white threat, Chief Ten Bears  decides to move the tribe to its winter camp. Dunbar decides to accompany them but must first retrieve his journal from Fort Sedgewick. However, when he arrives he finds it occupied by the U.S. Army. Because of his Sioux clothing, the soldiers mistake him for a Native and open fire, killing Cisco and capturing Dunbar. Sgt Baur  interrogates him, but Dunbar cannot prove his situation as Corporal Spivey  had secretly stolen his journal. As a result, along with Dunbar\'s refusal to serve as an interpreter to the tribes, he is accused of treason and transported back east as a prisoner. While traveling in the armed caravan, the soldiers kill Two Socks when the wolf attempts to follow Dunbar. Eventually the Sioux track the convoy, killing the soldiers and freeing Dunbar. At the winter camp, Dunbar decides to leave with Stands With A Fist since his status will put the tribe in danger. As they leave, Wind In His Hair shouts across to Dunbar, reminding him of their friendship. U.S. troops are seen searching the mountains but are unable to locate them, while a lone wolf howls in the distance. An epilogue states that thirteen years later the last remnants of Sioux were subjugated to the American government, ending the conquest of the Western frontier states and the livelihoods of the tribes in the plains.'] ['U.S. Army soldiers round up a group of Indians, mostly women and children. Surprisingly, they find among them a white woman and her half-Indian son. Sam Varner  is a scout retiring from the Army to his ranch in New Mexico. He agrees to escort Sarah Carver  and her son after she begs him. She wants to leave immediately rather than wait five days for a military escort. Varner takes them to a stage coach stop called Hennessy. The boy runs away during the night. Varner and Sarah go looking for him as a dust storm begins. They find the boy and then hole up  to wait out the storm. When they return to the station, everyone there is dead, killed by the boy\'s Indian warrior father, Salvaje . Salvaje is greatly feared even among his own people - and with good reason: he is known to be a silent and ruthless killer. Salvaje means "Ghost" in Apache, or in their own tongue: "He Who Is Not Here", meaning a dead man. Varner is upset that the woman\'s impatience to leave has cost the people at the station their lives. When the stagecoach does arrive, Varner puts the woman and boy on it and follows them to a rail station called Silverton. He trades government letters of transport for train tickets to Topeka, Kansas. After some careful consideration, Varner decides to invite the woman and her son to accompany him to his ranch where she can cook for him and an old man, Ned , who takes care of the ranch. Sam sells his horse and they take the train to New Mexico. They uneasily try to coexist. The woman and her son are not talkative despite Sam\'s best efforts. His friend Nick, a half-breed scout he has been friends with for ten years, shows up. Nick tells him that Salvaje killed everyone at Silverton and even killed Sam\'s old horse. It\'s apparent that Salvaje is coming to the ranch to retake his son. Ned goes outside to feed his dog and finds it killed with an arrow. In a blind rage, he runs into the trees after a Salvaje. Sam tries to bring him back, but can\'t find him. Shortly after, he hears Ned\'s death scream. Sam decides to go after Salvaje and create an opportunity for Nick to get a clear shot. But, when Sam is being tracked, Nick jumps up to warn him and Salvaje kills him. Nick dies in Sam\'s arms. Salvaje enters the ranch house through a window. Sam blows out the kerosene lamp in order to hide in a dark corner. Sam shoots at him with a rifle and Salvaje flees, but he leaves a trail of blood. Sam trails him and steps into a booby-trap that Salvaje has rigged with a knife. Sam is stabbed in the left thigh and bleeds profusely enough that he has to apply a tourniquet. The two men fight and eventually Sam shoots Salvaje three times as the warrior falls atop him, dying. Sam manages to walk, stumble, and crawl back to the house, where Sarah rushes out to help him.'] ['In 1878, chiefs Little Wolf  and Dull Knife  lead over three hundred starved and weary Cheyenne from their reservation in the Oklahoma territory to their home in Wyoming. The government sees this as an act of rebellion, and the sympathetic Captain Thomas Archer  is forced to lead his troops in an attempt to stop the tribe. As the press misrepresents the native\'s motives and goals for their trek as malicious, Secretary of the Interior Carl Schurz  tries to prevent violence from erupting between the army and the natives. Also featured are James Stewart as Wyatt Earp, Dolores del Río as "Spanish Woman" and Carroll Baker as a pacifist school teacher and Archer\'s  love interest.'] ["Following mistreatment by agency authorities, Ulzana breaks out of the San Carlos Indian Reservation with a small war party. Soon news reaches the local military commander, who sends messengers to local homesteads. Both are ambushed and killed; to avoid capture one kills the woman he is escorting and then himself. The warriors play catch with his heart. The woman's husband, who stayed behind, is captured and tortured to death. Army scout MacIntosh  is given the job of finding Ulzana  for a troop of soldiers led by an inexperienced Lieutenant Garnett DeBuin . Joining them on the mission is a veteran sergeant  and Apache scout Ke-Ni-Tay . Ke-Ni-Tay knows Ulzana, as their wives are sisters. The cavalry troop leaves Fort Lowell and soon finds evidence of the brutal activities of the Apache war party. The film then focuses on the soldiers' reality, facing a merciless enemy with far better local skills. We follow the lieutenant through his struggles with his Christian conscience and view of humanity. MacIntosh and Ke-Ni-Tay attempt to outthink and outfight their enemies, while advising the Lieutenant what to do. Ulzana and most of his men abandon their horses, led circuitously by two others in an attempt to tire the pursuers' heavily loaded mounts. Ke-Ni-Tay notices that the trail is now of unladen horses, and Macintosh works out a plan which leads to the loss of the horses and the death of their two Apache escorts, including Ulzana's son. The lieutenant prevents his men from mutilating the dead. The raiders attack a nearby farm, torturing the homesteaders and seizing two horses. McIntosh realizes that remaining Apaches physically and psychologically need horses and will try to obtain them by raiding the troop. The woman of the burned out farm, instead of being raped to death, has been left alive so that the cavalry will be forced to send her to the fort with an escort. By splitting the troop, Ulzana hopes to successfully attack the escort and seize its horses. McIntosh suggests a decoy plan to make Ulzana falsely believe that his tactics are successful. Ulzana's warriors ambush the small escort detachment, obtaining all of its horses and killing most of the soldiers before DeBuin can arrive with the rest of his force. McIntosh is fatally wounded. Ke-Ni-Tay scatters the captured horses as sounding bugle calls which alert Ulzana of his approach. Ulzana flees afoot as the remnants of his band are killed. Ke-Ni-Tay confronts him and shows him the Army bugle taken from the body of his son. Ulzana puts down his weapons and sings his death song before Ke-Ni-Tay kills him. The troopers suggest that Ulzana, or at least his head, should be taken back to the fort. The lieutenant orders him to be buried. MacIntosh knows he won't survive the journey back to the fort and chooses to stay behind."] ["Set in 1912 Mexico, an Arizona lawman named Lyedecker  travels to a remote village looking for Yaqui Joe , a half-Indian, half-white bank robber who has stolen $6,000  to buy rifles for his people who are being repressed by the government. Lyedecker isn't concerned with Yaqui Joe's cause of helping his tribe, and all he cares about is getting the money returned to a Phoenix bank within his jurisdiction.The two men escape to the hills where they are joined by Sarita , a beautiful Indian revolutionary. They eventually become allies and fight for the Indians. Taking over the leadership of the Yaquis, Lyedecker ambushes Verdugo's train while Sarita distracts the attention of the soldiers on board by taking a public shower."] ['The film\'s story revolves around the Paiute Indian outlaw Willie Boy ([[Robert Blake  who escapes with his lover, Lola  after killing her father in self defense. According to tribal custom Willie can then claim Lola as his wife. According to the law, Deputy Sheriff Cooper  is required to charge him with murder. Willie Boy and Lola are hunted for several days by a posse led by Cooper. Willie manages to repel the posse’s advance when he ambushes them from the top of Ruby Mountain. He only tries to shoot their horses, but ends up accidentally killing a bounty hunter, resulting in another murder charge. Days later, as the posse closes in, Lola dies by a gunshot wound to the chest. It is left deliberately ambiguous whether Lola shot herself in order to slow down the posse\'s advance or whether Willie killed her to keep her out of the posse\'s hands. Cooper is inclined to believe the latter and then goes off ahead of the posse to bring in Willie dead or alive. As soon as Cooper catches up, he comes under fire from Willie who is positioned at the top of Ruby Mountain. Cooper narrowly avoids being shot on several occasions. In the film\'s climax, Cooper maneuvers behind Willie, who has donned a ghost shirt, and tells him he can turn around if he wants to, which he does. The two pause before Willie raises his rifle at Cooper, who beats him to the draw and shoots him. Fatally struck in the chest, Willie tumbles down the hillside. Cooper picks up Willie’s gun and finds that it wasn\'t even loaded, making it apparent that Willie deliberately chose death over capture. Abashed, Cooper carries the slain outlaw the rest of the way down Ruby Mountain and delivers him to other Paiutes, who carry the corpse away and burn the remains. When confronted by the county sheriff, Cooper is told that the burning of Willie\'s body will ruin the people\'s chance to see Willie in the  flesh, denying them the ability "to see something". Cooper retorts: "Tell them we\'re all out of souvenirs."'] ["The Civil War may be over back East, but prejudice still rules the West. A full-blooded Shoshone Indian named Lance Poole distinguished himself in the war, winning the Congressional Medal of Honor, only to return home to Medicine Bow, Wyoming, to something a far cry from a hero's welcome. Townspeople resent the fact that Lance and his father own a large and valuable piece of land. A doctor refuses to treat Lance's father, who dies, while Lance himself is unable to even buy a drink in the local saloon. A loophole in a law involving homesteaders is used by biased attorney Verne Coolan to strip Lance of his property. Lance turns to a female lawyer, Orrie Masters, who fails to acquire the necessary petition signatures they need to overturn the law. Coolan organizes sheepherders and attempts to drive out Lance by force. Shoshone tribesmen fight by Lance's side, using his cabin for a fort. Orrie calls in the U.S. Cavalry to create a truce, only to have them side with Coolan and the town. It's a lost cause. Lance is at least able to kill Coolan, but not before being already seriously wounded himself at the Shoshone barricade. Lance Poole then turns the responsibility for the surviving women and children over to the only surviving male child, who leads them away from the barricade and presumably in the direction of the reservation. Afterward, Lance puts on his civil war sergeants major uniform, and walks out to the cavalry commander and his former lawyer. The commander salutes Poole first, as that is the custom when greeting a medal of honor recipient. Lance then drops dead from an apparent loss of blood."] ['In the 1880s, Marshal Guthrie McCabe  is content to be the business and personal partner of attractive saloon owner Belle Aragon , receiving ten percent of the profits. When relatives of Comanche captives demand that Army Major Fraser  free them, he uses a combination of army pressure and high pay to get the reluctant McCabe to take on the job of ransoming any he can find. He assigns Lieutenant Jim Gary  to accompany McCabe. Marty Purcell  is haunted by the memory of her abducted younger brother Steve. She keeps a music box that belonged to him. McCabe warns her that Steve will not remember her because he was a young boy when he was taken years ago. McCabe is also promised a large reward by the wealthy stepfather of another boy. McCabe bargains with Chief Quanah Parker ([[Henry Brandon  and finds four white captives. Two refuse to go back with him. One is a young woman who is married to a Comanche and has children. The other is an old woman who is believed to be dead and regards herself as being as good as dead. There is also a young man named Running Wolf, who McCabe hopes is the lost son of the wealthy family. The fourth is a Mexican woman, Elena de la Madriaga . However, she is the wife of Stone Calf , a militant rival of Parker. As they leave the camp, Stone Calf tries to take back his woman and is killed by McCabe, much to Quanah Parker\'s satisfaction. Running Wolf makes it very clear that he hates white people and the rich man refuses to accept him. However, a woman is convinced that Running Wolf is her lost son and claims him. Later, when she tries to cut his hair, he kills her. The settlers decide to lynch the murderer, despite Lieutenant Gary\'s attempt to stop them. As they drag him away, Running Wolf knocks over Marty\'s music box. He hears it play and recognizes the melody. Marty cannot save him and is forced to accept that nothing could have been done to bring back the brother she remembered. She accepts Gary\'s proposal of marriage. Meanwhile, Elena finds herself ostracized by white society as a woman who degraded herself by submitting to a savage rather than killing herself. She decides to try her luck in California. When McCabe was reported dead, Belle quickly hired a new marshal, causing him to complain, "I didn\'t get a chance to vote for myself - not even once." However, he has fallen in love with Elena, so he decides to go to California with her.'] ['Johnny Hawks is a man who made his name fighting Indians. Returning to the West after the Civil War he must now keep wronged Sioux warriors from massacring the Oregon-bound wagon train he is leading and the nearby fort.'] ['Major Robert Parrish of the 7th Cavalry is considered by some to be his own worst enemy due to his not being a "team player". Formerly one of the youngest Colonels in the Union Army during the War Between the States he is now a company commander under Colonel, formerly General George Custer. His fiancée Kathy, the daughter of Parrish\'s Commanding General, breaks off their engagement thinking him a loser because he has not risen in rank. Parrish gains no friends amongst the civilian community when he chastises them and threatens to "break heads" when they violate Sioux lands. Custer and Parrish\'s exasperated General and once prospective father in law reassigns Parrish and his company to the Bureau of Indian Affairs where once again Parrish\'s integrity damages his career potential when he is outraged at the treatment of the Indians and refuses to carry out the orders of the Indian Agent to shoot his escaping charges. Parrish is court maritaled and visits his former Commanding General now President of the United States Ulysses S. Grant who demotes him to Captain. Parrish does talk the President into coming to the Western frontier to meet up with Chief Sitting Bull to prevent a war. Back in the West, now Captain Parrish meets Kathy who has announced her engagement with Charles Wentworth, a former Major and now a war correspondent. Using some captured Indians, including Sam, a former slave now a Sioux, Parrish meets with Sitting Bull who agrees to meet the President in a secret meeting. Further conflicts with the Sioux leads Custer to lead his Regiment out assigning Parrish to guard supplies. Following the Battle of the Little Bighorn that eliminates Custer, most of his men, and his romantic rival Wentworth, Parrish tries to smooth over things with Sitting Bull and Crazy Horse. As Parrish knows the US Army\'s plan of attack, he leads the Sioux to safety in the North. Parrish has really done it this time and is court martialed again, stripped of his rank and sentenced to death by firing squad for treason.'] ['Elvis Presley plays Pacer Burton, the son of a Kiowa mother and a Texas rancher father. His family, including a half-brother, Clint, live a typical life on the Texas frontier. Life becomes anything but typical when a nearby tribe of Kiowa begin raiding neighboring homesteads. Pacer soon finds himself caught between the two worlds, part of both but belonging to neither.'] ["Confederate veteran O'Meara  refuses to accept defeat following the surrender of General Robert E. Lee at Appomatox. He renounces his family and America, travels west and joins the Native American Sioux tribe, and takes a wife . However, when the US Army build a fort on Sioux lands, O'Meara must make a difficult decision when fighting starts."] ['The film is framed by the reminiscences of 121-year-old Jack Crabb , who recounts his colorful life story to a curious historian ([[William Hickey . Among other things, Crabb had been a captive of the Cheyenne, a gunslinger, an associate of Wild Bill Hickok , and a scout for General George Armstrong Custer . Having been adopted by the Cheyenne and reared in their culture, Crabb has perspective on both Caucasian and Native American life in the 19th century. Jack and his older sister Caroline  had survived the massacre of their parents\' wagon train by the Pawnee. Found by a Cheyenne warrior, Jack and his sister are taken back to a Cheyenne village. Caroline manages to escape on horseback, but Jack is reared by good-hearted tribal leader Old Lodge Skins . Life among the Cheyenne proves to be idyllic, though Jack unwittingly makes an enemy of another boy, Younger Bear ; however, Younger Bear eventually owes his life to Jack, who saves him from a Pawnee warrior. Jack is given the name "Little Big Man" because he\'s short but very brave. When Jack is 16, he is recaptured by U.S. cavalry troopers and renounces his Native American upbringing in order to save himself. He is put in the care of Reverend Silas Pendrake  and his sexually frustrated wife, Louise , who tries to seduce Jack. Jack cannot accept the contradiction between Louise\'s piety and sexual appetite, and he eventually leaves the Pendrake household. Jack becomes the apprentice of the snake-oil salesman Merriweather . The two are tarred and feathered when their customers realize that Merriweather\'s products are fraudulent. One of the angry customers happens to be Jack\'s sister, Caroline. Once Caroline realizes that one of the men she helped to tar and feather was her brother, they reunite. She attempts to mold her brother into a gunslinger named the Soda Pop Kid . Jack meets Wild Bill Hickok at a saloon, and Hickok takes a liking to the young man. When Hickok is forced to kill a man in self-defense, Jack loses his taste for gunslinging and Caroline deserts him. Jack next becomes a partner in a general store and marries a Swedish woman named Olga . Unfortunately, Jack\'s business partner turns out to be a thieving scoundrel and Jack is forced to close the store. The famous cavalry officer George Armstrong Custer happens upon the scene and suggests the couple re-start their lives further west. Jack and Olga set out, but their stagecoach is ambushed by Cheyenne. Olga is abducted and Jack sets out in search for her. During his quest, he is reunited with Old Lodge Skins, who is overjoyed Jack has returned to the tribe. Younger Bear has become a contrary  and, having been humiliated by Jack years before, is still bitter. After a short stay with the tribe, Jack continues his search for Olga. He eventually becomes a "muleskinner" in Custer\'s 7th Cavalry, hoping to obtain information on Olga. He takes part in a battle against the Cheyenne, but when the 7th troopers begin killing women and children, Jack becomes enraged and turns on them. Nearby, Jack discovers a Cheyenne woman, Sunshine , giving birth. He saves Sunshine from the marauding troopers and returns with her to Old Lodge Skins\'s tribe. Sunshine becomes his wife and bears him a child. Jack again encounters Younger Bear, who has undergone another life change. No longer a contrary, Younger Bear is now the henpecked husband of the long-lost Olga, who is now living as a Cheyenne woman. Olga does not recognize Jack, who makes no attempt to remind her of their previous relationship. Sunshine asks Jack to take in her three widowed sisters as wives and to father children with them. He is reluctant at first, but finally agrees and has sex with all three; the first time all on the same night, exhausting Jack. One day during the winter season, Custer and the 7th Cavalry make a surprise attack on the Cheyenne camp. A now-blind and elderly Old Lodge Skins is saved by Jack, but Sunshine and their child are killed along with her sisters. Jack tries to infiltrate Custer\'s camp to exact revenge. At a crucial moment, with knife in hand, Jack loses his nerve, and is mocked by Custer for it. Disheartened, Jack becomes the town drunk in Deadwood, South Dakota. While in a drunken stupor, he is recognized by Wild Bill Hickok, who gives him money to clean up. When Jack returns to the bar, Hickok is shot and killed. With his last breath, Hickok expresses a dying wish involving a widow he was having an affair with. Jack goes to see the widow, a prostitute who turns out to be Louise Pendrake. Jack gives her the money that Hickok intended for her to use to start a new life. Jack soon becomes a trapper and hermit. His mind becomes unhinged after coming across an empty trap with a severed animal limb. Poised at the edge of a cliff, he prepares to commit suicide. Jack suddenly hears the faint chords of the traditional cavalry tune "Garryowen" echoing through a valley and spots Custer and his troops marching nearby. Jack decides to exact revenge. Custer, who remembers that Jack once tried to assassinate him, hires him as a scout, reasoning that anything Jack says will be a lie, thus serving as a perfect reverse barometer. Jack leads the troops into a trap at the Little Bighorn. Before the attack, Jack truthfully tells Custer of the overwhelming force of Native Americans hidden within the valley of the Little Bighorn. Custer does not believe him and leads the 7th Cavalry to its doom. During the frantic battle, Custer begins to rave insanely. Ignoring the closing circle of warriors, Custer points his pistol at Jack. Before he can pull the trigger, Custer is killed by Younger Bear, who removes the unconscious, wounded Jack from the battle by carrying him to Old Lodge Skins\' tepee. Having thus discharged his life debt, Younger Bear tells Jack that, the next time they meet, he can kill him without becoming an evil person. Jack accompanies Old Lodge Skins to a nearby hill where the aged, weary leader decides to end his life. He offers his spirit to the Great Spirit, and lies down to wait for death. Instead, it begins to rain. Old Lodge Skins sighs and says, "Sometimes the magic works, and sometimes it doesn\'t". They return to his tepee to have dinner. Jack\'s narrative ends and he dismisses the historian, while thinking with sadness about the memories of a world which is no more.'] ['Following the surrender of Geronimo, Massai, the last Apache warrior is captured and scheduled for transportation to a Florida reservation. On the way he manages to escape and heads for his homeland to win back his girl and settle down to grow crops. His pursuers have other ideas though.'] ['In the 1830s in the Rocky Mountains, fur trapper Flint Mitchell  meets at the summer "Rendezvous" with other mountain men, cashing in his furs, drinking, and enjoying contests among his friends. He organizes a hunting "brigade" into the beaver-rich Blackfoot territory, buying horses and recruiting trappers, despite protests from his Scottish friend and former trading partner, Brecan , who lives among the Blackfoot and warns him that the land belongs to them. Flint outbids Brecan for Kamiah , the granddaughter of Blackfoot medicine man Bear Ghost and adopted daughter of a Nez Perce chief, Looking Glass . Brecan wants to return her to the Blackfoot, to promote peace between the tribes, while Flint wants to marry Kamiah and ensure the brigade\'s safety. Pierre , a French Canadian trapper, and Captain Humberstone Lyon , another Scotsman, who fought in the Battle of Waterloo, join Flint on the dangerous expedition. Kamiah successfully guides Flint and his men on their trek through the high passes filled with crippling snow drifts and delivers them to the Blackfoot territory, where they build a stockade. Flint narrowly escapes capture and death by Ironshirt , a young Blackfoot prince and war chief, who kills Baptiste DuNord, one of Flint\'s best trappers. Ironshirt steals the brigade\'s horses, but Flint impresses Bear Ghost ([[Jack Holt , who orders them returned. Though he marries Kamiah for reasons other than love, and cannot speak her language, Flint falls in love with her. As Flint and Kamiah grow closer, Flint and Bear Ghost become good friends. Bear Ghost prevents Ironshirt from harming Flint and his men, but catastrophe strikes when Roy DuNord, another of Flint\'s men, kills Bear Ghost to avenge his brother\'s death. Although Brecan kills Roy, and Flint sinks into a grieving depression over the death of Bear Ghost, Ironshirt succeeds Bear Ghost as chief and resumes his campaign to drive the white trappers out of his country. In the spring, Kamiah gives birth to a boy, Chip. On the way to Rendezvous, the brigade is attacked by a large war party under Ironshirt and Kamiah is killed. With Chip strapped to its back, Kamiah\'s horse bolts during the attack and is chased by Ironshirt, intent on killing the boy. Flint manages to kill Ironshirt, however, and rescue his son. As the years pass, Flint takes Chip to live in the Blackfoot camp, where, Flint believes, Kamiah would have wanted him. Although Flint intends to have the boy formally educated in the East, Chip persuades him year after year to postpone his schooling, learning the ways of the mountains from his father.'] ['The film follows the events leading up to the capture of Geronimo in 1886. The Apache Indians have reluctantly agreed to settle on a U.S. Government approved reservation. Not all the Apaches are able to adapt to the life of corn farmers, and one in particular, Geronimo, is restless. Pushed over the edge by broken promises and unnecessary actions by the government, Geronimo and 30 other warriors form an attack team which humiliates the government by evading capture, while reclaiming what is rightfully theirs.'] ["Killings of innocent ranchers indicate the Apaches have broken the peace treaty. Old Shatterhand, blood brother of the Apache chief Winnetou, finds out that ruthless lands grabbers did the killings, hoping to start off a war between the Indians and the settlers, and follows the trail right back to the gates of the cavalry's fort."] 