["When Cesar Faz  is laid off from his janitorial job with the St. Louis Cardinals he moves back to Monterrey. There he meets local children being led by Padre Esteban  enjoying baseball; he takes pitcher Angel Macias  under his wing and brags about his own pitching skills and how he used to coach the Cardinals. Angel convinces Cesar to help recruit and coach Monterrey's first-ever Little League team. With Cesar's skills and Padre Esteban's support, the boys hone themselves into a competitive team worthy of international competition. When the team arrives in the United States, they are met with racism, a language barrier, and visa troubles. Though the underdogs, the team scores a series of victories that endear them to the media, and new fans. They befriend a sports reporter, Frankie  and the groundskeeper, Cool Papa Bell , who then assist the boys in reaching the final game."] ["In 1981 San Francisco, Chris Gardner  invests his family's savings in portable bone-density scanners which he tries to demonstrate and sell to doctors. The investment proves to be a white elephant, which financially breaks the family and as a result, his wife Linda  leaves him and moves to New York. Their son Christopher  remains with his father. While downtown trying to sell one of his scanners, Chris meets Jay Twistle ([[Brian Howe , a manager for Dean Witter and impresses him by solving a Rubik's Cube during a short cab ride. Chris does not have enough money for the cab fare and flees into a subway station where he barely escapes the cab driver but loses one of his bone scanners in the process. This new relationship with Twistle earns him the chance to become an intern stockbroker. Despite arriving there unkempt and shabbily dressed due to being arrested the previous day for unpaid parking tickets and Chris didn't have enough time to make the appointment on time, Chris is offered the internship. Chris is further set back when his bank account is garnished by the IRS for unpaid income taxes, and he and his young son are evicted. As a result they are homeless, and are forced at one point to stay in a bathroom at a subway station. Motivation drives him to find the Glide Memorial United Methodist Church, which has a homeless shelter primarily for single mothers and their children. The church's owner does not let him stay due to the fact that it is for women and children, although she tells him about a local church that also provides shelter, but has very limited space. Due to demand for the limited rooms, Chris must frantically race from his internship work early each afternoon in order to land a place in line. Chris finds the bone scanner that he lost in the subway station from a demented man who believes it to be a time machine and it is now damaged, but Chris finally repairs it. Disadvantaged by his limited work hours, and knowing that maximizing his client contacts and profits is the only way to earn the one paid position that he and his 19 competitors are fighting for, Chris develops a number of ways to make phone sales calls more efficiently. He also reaches out to potential high value customers, defying protocol. One sympathetic prospect takes him and his son to a San Francisco 49ers game. Regardless of his challenges, Chris never reveals his lowly circumstances to his co-workers, even going so far as to lend one of his bosses five dollars for a cab, a sum he can't afford. Concluding his internship, Chris is called into a meeting with his managers. His work has paid off and he is offered the position. Fighting back tears, he rushes to his son's daycare, hugging him. They walk down the street, joking with each other and are passed by a man in a business suit . The epilogue reveals that Chris went on to form his own multi-million dollar brokerage firm."] ['Jay Austin  is a car salesman who consistently cheats his customers, even to the point of overcharging his own pastor. He teaches his rotund salemen, Bernie Meyers  and Vince Berkeley , to do likewise. Jay occasionally attends church, but only because his wife wants him to go. He also fakes giving a donation to the church, and his relationship with his wife and son deteriorates. One day while flipping television channels, he sees his pastor preaching that "you\'re in the shape you\'re in today because of the choices you\'ve made". Jay becomes personally convicted and becomes a born-again Christian, prompting him to change his business practices. Jay decides to sell cars honestly from that point on. He apologizes to the local community, as well as to his wife and son. He is also informed that his wife is pregnant. However, he is now thousands of dollars in debt and facing the loss of his dealership if he can\'t catch up on his payments to the bank. Jay decides not to worry about his situation and to "let God handle it." After the two rotund salesmen leave over a disagreement about the newly reformed business practices, a young, innocent-looking "newcomer" Kevin Cantrell  comes to Jay to work for six weeks and asks him questions, such as how he sells cars. Jay answers by saying, "Just sell the car to them by its real price and God will decide". Sales are honest, but the amounts are mediocre at best. Kevin leaves after the six weeks, and, not longer after, Jay sees himself on television. Kevin was a carefully concealed undercover agent investigating which car dealers cheat. The next day, Jay comes to the lot and sees many people there to buy his cars. He calls his wife to help sell the cars, and they sell all the cars on the lot that day. The total of the sales above the cost of the cars is enough to cover what the banker demanded plus enough to repay all the old customers the amounts Jay had overcharged them. Days after that, he gets a live television interview from reporter Hillary Vale of WALB-TV. On camera, Jay sees his now former employee Bernie saying that Jay Austin is a cheater. Since Jay had just finished visiting his old customers to return the amounts he had overcharged them, the customers, presumably all seeing the news, waste no time to visit the lot to tell Hillary that there is more to the story. At home his wife and son watch him on television when his wife starts to feel contractions. Jay exits the interview and rushes home to send his wife to the hospital. She gives birth to a girl named Faith, to stand as a living reminder of Jay\'s newfound faith in God. At the end of the film, Jay drives away with his son in his 1958 Triumph TR3 with a newly installed flywheel .'] ['When eleven and a half year old Trevor McKinney  begins seventh grade in Las Vegas, Nevada, his social studies teacher Eugene Simonet gives the class an assignment to devise and put into action a plan that will change the world for the better. Trevor\'s plan is a charitable program based on the networking of good deeds. He calls his plan "Pay it forward", which means the recipient of a favor does a favor for a third party rather than paying the favor back. Trevor does a favor for three people, asking each of them to "pay the favor forward" by doing favors for three other people, and so on, along a branching tree of good deeds. His first good deed is to let a homeless man named Jerry  live in his garage, and Jerry pays the favor forward by doing car repairs for Trevor\'s mother. Trevor\'s efforts appear to fail when Jerry relapses into drug addiction, but Jerry will pay his debt forward later in the film by talking to a suicidal woman, who is about to jump off the bridge. Meanwhile, Trevor\'s mother Arlene  confronts Eugene about Trevor\'s project after discovering Jerry in their house. Then Trevor selects Eugene as his next "pay it forward" target and tricks Eugene and Arlene into a romantic dinner date. This also appears to fail until Trevor and Arlene argue about her alcoholism and she slaps him in a fit of anger. The two adults are brought together again when Trevor runs away from home and Arlene asks Eugene to help her find him. After finding Trevor, Arlene begins to pursue Eugene sexually. Eugene has burn marks visible on his neck and face, and he initially resists Arlene\'s overtures. When they finally sleep together, he is seen to have extensive scarring over his torso. Arlene accepts Eugene\'s physical disfigurement, but abandons their relationship when her alcoholic ex-husband Ricky  returns to her, claiming to have given up drinking. Ricky\'s return angers Eugene, whose own mother had a habit of taking his abusive, alcoholic father back. He explains that his father intentionally burned him, and he warns Arlene of Ricky\'s potential to abuse Trevor. When Ricky resumes his abusive behavior, Arlene realizes her mistake and asks him to leave again. Trevor\'s school assignment marks the beginning of the story\'s chronology, but the opening scene in the film shows one of the later favors in the "pay it forward" tree, in which a man gives a car to Los Angeles journalist Chris Chandler . As the film proceeds, Chandler traces the chain of favors back to its origin in Tre\'s school project. After her date with Eugene, Arlene paid Jerry\'s favor forward by forgiving her own mother Grace  for her mistakes in raising Arlene, and Grace, who is homeless, helped a gang member escape from the police. The gang member then saved a girl\'s life, and the girl\'s father gave Chandler his new car. Chandler finally identifies Trevor as the originator of "pay it forward" and conducts a recorded interview in which Trevor describes his hopes and concerns for the project. Eugene, hearing Trevor\'s words, realizes that he and Arlene should be together. As Eugene and Arlene reconcile with a passionate embrace, Trevor notices his friend Adam being bullied by tall gangster like kids. He rushes into the scene and fights them while Eugene and Arlene rush to stop him. However, another bully enters the scene and takes a pocket-knife out of his pocket. Trevor is then accidentaly pushed into the knife and is stabbed. Trevor consequently dies at the hospital. This news is reported on television; Arlene and Eugene are soon visited by hundreds of people who have participated in the "pay it forward" movement, gathering in a vigil to pay Trevor their respects.'] ['In Mumbai in 2006, eighteen-year-old Jamal Malik , a former street child  from the Juhu slum, is a contestant on the Indian version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, and is one question away from the grand prize. However, before the Rs. 20 million question, he is detained and interrogated by the police, who suspect him of cheating because of the impossibility of a simple "slumdog" with very little education knowing all the answers. Jamal recounts, through flashbacks, the incidents in his life which provided him with each answer. These flashbacks tell the story of Jamal, his brother Salim , and Latika . In each flashback Jamal has a point to remember one person, or song, or different things that lead to the right answer of one of the questions. The row of questions does not correspond chronologically to Jamal´s life, so the story switches between different periods  of Jamal. Some questions do not refer to points of his life , but by witness he comes to the right answer. The story of Jamal\'s life includes his managing, at age five, to obtain the autograph of Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan, which his brother then sells, followed immediately by the death of his mother during the Bombay Riots. As they flee the riot, Salim and Jamal meet Latika, another child from their slum. Salim is reluctant to take her in, but Jamal suggests that she could be the third musketeer, a character from the Alexandre Dumas novel , whose name they do not know. The three are found by Maman , a gangster who tricks and then trains street children into becoming beggars. When Jamal, Salim, and Latika learn Maman is blinding children in order to make them more effective as singing beggars, they flee by jumping onto a departing train. Latika catches up and takes Salim\'s hand, but Salim purposely lets go, and she is recaptured by the gangsters. Over the next few years, Salim and Jamal make a living travelling on top of trains, selling goods, picking pockets, working as dish washers, and pretending to be tour guides at the Taj Mahal, where they steal people\'s shoes. At Jamal\'s insistence, they return to Mumbai to find Latika, discovering from one of the singing beggars that she has been raised by Maman to become a prostitute and that her virginity is expected to fetch a high price. The brothers rescue her, and Salim draws a gun and kills Maman. Salim then manages to get a job with Javed , Maman\'s rival crime lord. Arriving at their hotel room, Salim orders Jamal to leave him and Latika alone. When Jamal refuses, Salim draws a gun on him, and Jamal leaves after Latika persuades him to go away . Years later, while working as a tea server at an Indian call centre, Jamal searches the centre\'s database for Salim and Latika. He fails in finding Latika but succeeds in finding Salim, who is now a high-ranking lieutenant in Javed\'s organisation, and they reunite. Salim is regretful for his past actions and only pleads for forgiveness when Jamal physically attacks him. Jamal then bluffs his way into Javed\'s residence and reunites with Latika. While Jamal professes his love for her, Latika asks him to forget about her. Jamal promises to wait for her every day at 5&nbsp;o\'clock at the VT station. Latika attempts to rendezvous with him, but she is recaptured by Javed\'s men, led by Salim. Jamal loses contact with Latika when Javed moves to another house, outside of Mumbai. Knowing that Latika watches it regularly, Jamal attempts to make contact with her again by becoming a contestant on the show Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? He makes it to the final question, despite the hostile attitude of the show\'s host, Prem Kumar , and becomes a wonder across India. Kumar feeds Jamal the incorrect response to the penultimate question, and when Jamal still gets it right, turns him into the police on suspicion of cheating. The story is now where the movie began. Back in the interrogation room, the police inspector  calls Jamal\'s explanation "bizarrely plausible", but thinks he is not a liar and allows him to return to the show. At Javed\'s safehouse, Latika watches the news coverage of Jamal\'s miraculous run on the show. Salim, in an effort to make amends for his past behaviour, quietly gives Latika his mobile phone and car keys, and asks her to forgive him and to go to Jamal. Latika, though initially reluctant out of fear of Javed, agrees and escapes. Salim fills a bathtub with cash and sits in it, waiting for the death he knows will come when Javed discovers what he has done. Jamal\'s final question is, by coincidence, the name of the third musketeer in The Three Musketeers, a fact he never learned. Jamal uses his Phone-A-Friend lifeline to call Salim\'s cell, as it is the only phone number he knows. Latika succeeds in answering the phone just in the nick of time, and, while she does not know the answer, tells Jamal that she is safe. Relieved, Jamal randomly picks Aramis, the right answer, and wins the grand prize. Simultaneously, Javed discovers that Salim has helped Latika escape after he hears Latika on the show. He and his men break down the bathroom door, and Salim kills Javed, before being gunned down himself at the hands of Javed\'s men. With his dying breath, Salim gasps that God is great. Later that night, Jamal and Latika meet at the railway station and kiss. The movie ends with a dance scene on the platform to "Jai Ho".'] ['Scott Murphy is a good guy that helps everyone in his small town. He has planted soybeans in a place where everyone is growing corn. The bank is about to foreclose on his farm which will leave his family destitute. He thinks he can help them more with what appears to be accident, but in fact will be a suicide. He then gets to re-live the few days leading up to his accident which hurt his leg for life and cost him his football scholarship and a life of wealth and football glory. He seems to realize that if he chooses fortune that he may lose his future wife and kids. Kurt Russell plays a solid coach mentor role.'] ['Pete  and Donna  Stanhope are a young married couple living in L.A. who are trying to conceive a child. When they discover they are unable to have children due to medical issues, their marriage begins to crumble. They decide to go on vacation and wind up stranded in a small village in Mexico  due to car troubles. They meet the charming young boy Pepillo, who was crippled in an accident years before that also killed his parents; Pepillo\'s adult brother Juan, the village mechanic; Magdalena, Juan\'s fiance, who also takes care of the village children; and Father Arturo, the village priest who is helping prepare the "flying machine" for the upcoming fiesta. Juan tries to fix the car, but the parts he must order are slow to arrive. In the meantime, Pete helps Father Arturo prepare for the annual fiesta, which is to occur in just a few days\' time. The main event of the fiesta involves a rickety old lever and pulley system wherein one lucky village child can "fly" around the plaza square. The source of the tradition dates to the village\'s local saint, who was said to have come to Dommatina many years ago and have been befriended by a young crippled boy when no one else would speak to him. As thanks for his kindness, the saint turned the boy into a dove, who flew around the plaza square three times, and then turned him back into a boy. Upon resuming human form the boy was miraculously cured. It is Pepillo\'s turn this year to fly, and he confides in Pete his belief that the saint will also cure him after his flight. Trouble ensues when the flying machine breaks just two days before the event. Pete comes through with his engineering skills and builds a new safer machine. He even sacrifices the car part that had finally arrived so that a crucial central axis part will work. Pepillo gets his chance to fly. Pete and Donna worry about how disappointed Pepillo will be when he is not cured after his flight, and they agree to use their fertility treatment money to pay for a doctor and surgery for Pepillo instead. However, during the flight Pepillo urges Father Arturo and a local villager to make the flying machine go faster and higher, straining it beyond its capabilities. Pepillo crashes to the ground and hits his hip on the statue of the saint. When he comes to, his leg is miraculously cured. Pete and Donna vow that they have just witnessed a miracle---and promise to still bring Pepillo to the U.S. to "make sure his miracle stays a miracle." Upon returning home, Pete and Donna have decided to adopt a child and are filling out paperwork. Although initially Pete did not think that he could love another child as his own, knowing Pepillo has changed him. However, Donna experiences heartburn and takes one last pregnancy test and finds out that against all odds she is pregnant.'] ['A struggling widow named Jada  goes through life in a tough urban neighborhood while taking care of her troubled son, Jamal , and daughter, Jasmine .'] ["The movie revolves around A.C. Gilbert, his family and toy factory. The film is set during the First World War. Gilbert, a successful toymaker, is requested by the government to re-tool his factory to help produce goods for the war effort. Gilbert initially agrees to this, but comes to regret his decision. The movie also deals with Gilbert's relationship with his father  and his son . Things get the better of Gilbert as he learns that his brother  has been declared missing in action in the war. This and other factors cause Gilbert to confront the government over plans to encourage people not to celebrate Christmas in order to save resources for the war effort. Gilbert successfully lobbies the government to allow him  to resume the production of toys for Christmas. Thus earning him the name The man who saved Christmas. In the final scene Gilbert's brother returns from the war in time to celebrate Christmas. The film contains numerous errors and omissions: Al Junior is portrayed as an only child yet, in real life, he had two older sisters, Charlotte and Lucretia. Moreover, AC Junior wasn't even born when this film was set. http://www.eliwhitney.org/new/museum/-gilbert-project/-man/a-c-gilbert-scientific-toymaker-essays-arts-and-sciences-october-6 The erector sets used in the film were the later, smaller versions not made until 1924 and not the original, larger pieces made from 1913 - 1923.http://www.girdersandgears.com/erector-history.html"] ['Maggie Baker  is an overweight 17-year-old girl who suffers being taunted and ridiculed at school and badgered to lose weight by her mother  who is worried she will get diabetes like her late father. The movie starts by showing what Maggie goes through every day at school. We discover that her best friend Casey  is not as unpopular as Maggie due to her relationship with one of the popular guys. Casey is invited to a party by the boy and accepts the invite on the premise that Maggie is allowed to come as well. The popular boys cringe but don\'t say anything. At the party Casey is dragged away by her sort of boyfriend, leaving Maggie alone to be laughed at by the preppy clique, including Liz , a very hated but feared girl at school. Maggie gets food down the front of her shirt and retreats to the kitchen to clean it off . From the kitchen she can see Casey and her boyfriend making out in the adjacent hallway before her friend Louis  greets her. It is clear that Louis has a thing for Maggie and vice-versa. Louis leaves and Casey appears at the same time as Tara  the sweet Queen Bee at school to wipe food off her shirt as well. Tara asks if Maggie is as klutzy as she is which Maggie confirms that she is, saying "No, my blouse was just hungry." After she leaves Casey makes a remark about how Tara is only nice so she can win Homecoming Queen to which Maggie replies that it would be nice if she herself were to win Homecoming Queen and not somebody like Tara or her friends. Liz overhears and decides to nominate Maggie as a joke. The joke is on her though as many students get excited about Maggie being the queen, including Tara, who is, of course, nominated herself. Maggie easily collects 150 signatures to put her on the ballot  and becomes an official nominee. Maggie starts campaigning but gets upset one day when she sees Tara\'s posters out in the hallway and imagines her mom praising Tara\'s thinness and beauty. She runs home to find comfort food. Meanwhile, Liz vandalizes Tara\'s posters so the principal will think it\'s Maggie and take her out of the race. The plan does not work and Tara begins to suspect that her best friend is trying to sabotage Maggie. At voting time, Maggie wins Homecoming Queen, and the popular clique is shocked and rudely sit and glare at Maggie, but Tara looks genuinely happy for the plus-sized beauty queen. It is later revealed that Tara voted for Maggie and not herself. Maggie is bombarded with offers from the press who wish to discuss the experience with her. However, the popular kids are not ready to accept Maggie\'s win without a fight and plan to get her to resign. Tara\'s boyfriend Trip  and Liz plot to ruin Maggie\'s homecoming float. When Maggie sits on it the float busts, making it look like Maggie\'s weight broke it. Tara is outraged and breaks up with Trip. She also discovers that Liz only hangs out with her because she\'s popular and ends their friendship. The other popular girls stop speaking to Liz as well. Maggie goes on television to discuss her win but comes off sounding rude and ungrateful towards her friends and supporters. She has also been ignoring Casey who has been trying to ask Maggie for advice on whether or not she should consummate her relationship with her now boyfriend. Angry, Casey spews out some harsh insults and Maggie shoves her into a row of bikes, getting herself suspended. Maggie has alienated from her friends and no longer wishes to be Homecoming Queen although the school tells her she can. Maggie realizes that she plays the victim and that her harshest critic is herself. She decides to go through being Homecoming Queen even though the reception will most likely be bad and asks Louis to be her King. She reconciles with both her mom and Casey who eagerly cheer her on at the game. Although many people boo her a lot of people cheer for her too. Maggie realizes that she not only won Homecoming Queen but she changed herself as well.'] ['The film begins with Sarah Cain , a successful columnist at the fictional Portland Times in Portland, Oregon. Her daily column has been rejected by her boss Bill  who claims that she once wrote about her life and is now writing cheesy columns. She is furious and heads to a restaurant where she meets with her boyfriend Bryan . Sarah\'s phone rings: It is Lyddie, Sarah\'s niece. Sarah\'s older sister, Ivy, has just died of heart failure. Sarah hurries to Lancaster County, Pennsylvania for the funeral. Her sister was a member of an Amish community, and Sarah had never forgiven Ivy for leaving her alone in an orphanage. As the sole surviving relative, the court appoints Sarah as the legal guardian for the five children. 16-year-old Lyddie  and other members of the Amish community protest because they do not want an outsider to raise the children. Lyddie and another Amish member, Miriam , convince Sarah to stay the night. While there, knowing that her deadline is coming up for her column, Sarah writes about her day\'s events and sends them to Bill as a last resort. The next day at the hearing, Sarah receives a surprising e-mail about her piece: The readers loved it and want more. Sarah takes the children back to Portland. Lyddie stays at home and does the daily chores. Despite being labeled as a freak at school Caleb  makes it on the wrestling team; after a bad first day Anna Mae  gains attention after borrowing Sarah\'s clothing to fit in. Josiah  hates it there. Only Hannah  is accepted on her first day in kindergarten class. Bill likes the attention that the articles about the Amish children have produced, but Sarah rejects further offers of having the column being about them. Meanwhile, Madison , Sarah\'s rival at the same paper, gets wind of where the children attend school and a news team shows up during one of Caleb\'s wrestling matches. Later that night Sarah admits to the kids that the situation has spun out of control. As Sarah is leaving the community, the children rush to catch up with her. Sarah stops and Lyddie hands her a letter that Ivy had written which contains her last wishes. It is only then that the truth is revealed: Ivy wanted Sarah to have the kids as an apology for breaking her heart, saying that they would be "blessings to [her] as they were to me". Sarah immediately changes her mind and finally decides to stay at the community with her nieces and nephews. The ending shows Sarah writing a book titled My Redemption. Bryan comes over to visit before a business meeting and brings her a piece of her favorite cheesecake as the scene fades.'] ["Callie Morgan , a workaholic magazine editor who prides herself on having no emotional attachments in her life, changes practically overnight when she undergoes a life-saving heart transplant operation. Not only does Callie find herself strangely drawn to a young girl who happens to be the heart donor’s orphaned daughter, but she also finds unlikely romance with another patient who also recently received a new heart. She soon discovers that the man, named Jasper Cates , received the heart from her donor's husband."] ["Newspaper columnist Peyton MacGruder  finds a note addressed simply to 'T', washed up on shore. It appears to be from the victim of a recent plane crash, and carries a message of hope and forgiveness from a father to his child. MacGruder's readership is down on her column , and the paper is going to dump it unless she starts to write from the heart. Inspired, MacGruder decides to find the intended recipient of the note, all the while logging her journey through her article. As the mystery unfolds, the note affects each person she contacts significantly."] ['In 1965, Glenn Holland  is a talented musician and composer who has been relatively successful in the exhausting life of a professional musical performer. However, in an attempt to enjoy more free time with his young wife, Iris , and to enable him to compose a piece of orchestral music, the 30-year-old Holland accepts a teaching position. Unfortunately for Glenn, he is soon forced to realize that his position as a music teacher makes him a marginalized figure in the faculty\'s hierarchy. For instance, he comes face to face with how seriously he is outranked by the high school\'s football coach, Bill , who ultimately becomes his best friend. Administrators, such as assistant principal Gene Wolters , dislike him, while others, including principal Helen Jacobs , push him relentlessly. It is Ms. Jacobs\' scolding that helps Glenn turn a corner. He entered the teaching profession with a view toward a temporary "gig," running to his car at the end of the day faster than his students could run to theirs. Reluctantly, he begins to see his students as individuals and finds ways to help them excel. The film marks the passing decades with newsreels about Vietnam—corresponding to the tragic combat death of one young man that Holland guided through a stint as marching-band drummer—and the death of John Lennon in 1980. The passage of time and the mysteries of personal growth are a constant underlying theme in this film. Glenn\'s lack of quality time with Iris becomes problematic when their son, Cole, is diagnosed as deaf. Glenn reacts with hostility to the news that he can never teach the joys of music to his own child. Iris willingly learns American Sign Language to communicate with her son, but Glenn resists. This causes further estrangement within the family. Through three decades, Glenn is closer to students at John F. Kennedy High School than he is to his own son. At one point in the film, he is briefly tempted by the shining talent of a young female student, who invites him to leave his stressful, unsatisfying life and run off to New York. He addresses a series of challenges created by people who are either skeptical of—or hostile towards—the idea of musical excellence within the walls of a typical middle-class American high school. He inspires many students, but never has private time for himself or his family, forever delaying the composition of his own orchestral composition. Ultimately, he reaches an age when it is too late to realistically find financial backing or ever have it performed. In 1995, the adversaries of the Kennedy High music program win a decisive institutional victory. Glenn\'s longtime adversary Gene Wolters, promoted to school principal when Jacobs retired, works with the school board to eliminate music  in the name of necessary budget cuts, thereby leading to Glenn\'s ignominious dismissal at the age of 60. Glenn is a realist who realizes that his working life is over. He believes that his former students have mostly forgotten him. On his final day as a teacher, the despairing Glenn is led to the school auditorium, where his professional life is surprisingly redeemed. Hearing that their beloved teacher is leaving, hundreds of his pupils have secretly returned to the school to celebrate his life. Glenn\'s orchestral piece, never before heard in public, has been put before the musicians by his wife and son. One of his most musically challenged students, Gertrude Lang , who has become governor of the state, sits-in with her clarinet. Gertrude and the other alumni ask the retiring teacher to serve as their conductor for the premiere performance of Mr. Holland\'s Opus . A proud Iris and Cole look on, appreciating the affection and respect that Glenn receives.'] ["Kim Hye-kyeong is a retired handball player who has been successfully coaching in the Japan Handball League. When the coach of South Korea's women's national team suddenly quits, she is asked to fill in, but is faced with an undisciplined squad of players. Hye-kyeong tries to improve the team by recruiting some of her old teammates, including two-time Olympic gold medalist Han Mi-sook. However, Hye-kyeong's aggressiveness causes friction amongst the players, and she is replaced by former men's handball star Ahn Seung-pil, though she decides to stay with the team as a player. Seung-pil introduces modern European training methods which brings him into conflict with the older players, and things get worse when they lose a game against a high school boy's team."] ["Joe Warr  is a British sports writer who lives in Australia with his second wife, Katy  and his young son Artie . Katy is diagnosed with cancer and dies, forcing Joe to cope with the responsibilities of being a single parent. Joe's teenage son from his first marriage, Harry ([[George MacKay , feels abandoned in the UK with his mother. Harry uses Katy's death as an opportunity to try to build a relationship with his father, coming to visit him in Australia. Although Harry is initially unnerved by the lack of discipline in the house, he eventually forms a strong bond with Artie, while struggling to foster a closer relationship with Joe. When Joe is forced by work to leave his sons alone in the house for a night, local teenagers throw a party at the house against both boys' will. With the house ransacked, Harry flies back to England, fearful of Joe's reaction. Joe and Artie go after him. After much discussion, Joe convinces Harry to move to Australia on a permanent basis. The trio return to Australia, and together shoulder the responsibilities of running the household without a female influence."] ["In 1971 in Alexandria, Virginia, at the desegregated T. C. Williams High School, African American head coach Herman Boone  is hired to lead the school's football team. Coach Boone takes the coaching position from current head coach Bill Yoast , who has been nominated for the Virginia High School Hall of Fame, and who also later decides to move on to other coaching opportunities. In a show of respect and in an attempt to ease racial tension, Boone offers an assistant coaching position to Yoast. Yoast at first refuses Boone's offer, but is then tempted to join after the white players pledge to boycott the team if he doesn't participate. Dismayed at the prospect of the students losing their chances at scholarships, Yoast changes his mind and takes up the position of defensive coordinator. The black and white athletes of the football team frequently clash in racially motivated conflicts at their football camp, including those between captain Gerry Bertier  and Julius Campbell . However, after forceful coaxing and rigorous athletic training by Boone, and partly because of white Offensive Lineman Louie Lastik , the team achieves both racial harmony and triumph. In one scene, Coach Boone wakes the team up around 3:00 AM and takes them to a cemetery where the Battle of Gettysburg was fought and delivers a speech about hatred. After returning from football camp, Boone is told by a member of the school board that if he loses even a single game, he will be fired. Subsequently, the Titans go through the season undefeated while battling racial prejudice, before slowly gaining support from the community. Just before the state semi-finals, Yoast is told by a member of the school board that he will be inducted into the Hall of Fame after the Titans lose their game, implying that the game has been fixed to ensure Boone gets fired over his race. During the game, when it becomes apparent that the referees are engaging in biased officiating against the Titans, after seeing his daughter upset at the horrible calls, Yoast warns the head official that he will go to the press and expose the scandal unless the game is called fairly. The referees yield and the Titans ultimately win the game, but Yoast is told afterward that his actions have resulted in his loss of candidacy for the Hall of Fame. Later, while celebrating after the victorious game, Bertier is paralyzed in a car accident, when he is hit by a truck while accelerating into an intersection. Despite the fact that Bertier is no longer able to play, the team goes on to win the championship. Ten years later, the coaches and athletes from the team reunite to attend Bertier's funeral, as Sheryl reiterates the message of racial equality taught by the Titans. The epilogue reveals what many of the Titans are doing, ranging from getting married to going to college."] ['For most of his childhood, 17-year-old Michael Oher  has been in foster care with different families, largely because of his mother\'s drug addiction, throughout Memphis, Tennessee. Every time he is placed in a new home, he runs away. His friend\'s father, whose couch Mike had been sleeping on, asks Burt Cotton ([[Ray McKinnon , the coach of Wingate Christian school, to help enroll his son and Mike. Impressed by Mike\'s size and athleticism, Cotton gets him admitted despite his abysmal academic record. At his new school, Michael is befriended by a boy named Sean Jr. "SJ" . SJ\'s mother Leigh Anne Tuohy  is a strong-minded interior designer and the wife of wealthy businessman Sean Tuohy . Leigh Anne notices Michael walking on the road, shivering in the cold; when she learns he intends to spend the night huddled outside the school gym, she offers him a place to sleep at her house. The next morning, when she sees Michael leaving, she asks him to spend the Thanksgiving holiday with her family. Slowly, Michael becomes a member of the Tuohy family, even as Leigh Anne\'s rich friends wonder what she is doing. One even suggests that her teenage daughter Collins  is not safe around him, much to Leigh Anne\'s disgust. When Leigh Anne seeks to become Michael\'s legal guardian, she learns he was separated from his drug-addict mother when he was seven and that no one knows her whereabouts. She is also told that even though he scored low in almost every category in a career aptitude test, he is in the 98th percentile in "protective instincts". After his grades improve, Michael is allowed to join the school football team. He has a shaky start due to his polite and gentle nature, yet after some encouragement by Leigh Anne to tap into his "protective instincts" and regard his teammates as he would members of his family, Michael dominates on the field. SJ sends out videos of the games to college coaches around the country. Leigh Anne discovers that to get a NCAA Division I scholarship, Michael needs a 2.5 GPA, so they hire a tutor, Miss Sue . Some of the teachers help out as well, and Michael ends up with a GPA of 2.52. When coaches come to recruit Michael, Leigh Anne makes it clear that she prefers the University of Mississippi  as both she and her husband are alumni. Miss Sue, another Ole Miss alumna, tells Michael  that the FBI buries body parts under the University of Tennessee\'s Neyland Stadium for research; Leigh Anne particularly loathes that school. Michael commits to Ole Miss. Subsequently, Michael and the Tuohys become the subject of an NCAA investigation. The investigator tells Michael that the Tuohys and Miss Sue are fervent Mississippi boosters, who are subject to special restrictions, and his high school coach got a job at Ole Miss after Michael chose the school. Michael confronts Leigh Anne, asking her if she only took him in so he would play football for her alma mater. Michael then goes to his birth mother\'s apartment in the projects. His old friends welcome him, but their leader makes crude remarks about Leigh Anne and Collins. Michael becomes angry and in the ensuing fight subdues his former friends and then flees. Leigh Anne searches for Michael. He finally calls her, and they meet. Leigh Anne tells him she will support any decision he makes. Michael satisfies the investigator by explaining that he chose Ole Miss because his whole family has gone there. Later, Leigh Anne and her family take Michael to the Ole Miss campus to begin college. The film ends with an emotional goodbye between Leigh Anne and Michael. The closing credits show the 2009 NFL Draft with the real Michael Oher being drafted by the Baltimore Ravens in the first round. Photographs of Oher and the real Tuohys follow, with Oher\'s success in the NFL detailed. The credits include a dedication to director John Lee Hancock\'s father, a football player and coach who died in 2009.'] ['Based on a true story, the plot revolves around the efforts of debate coach Melvin B. Tolson  at historically black Wiley College to place his team on equal footing with whites in the American South during the 1930s, when Jim Crow laws were common and lynch mobs were a pervasive fear for blacks. In the movie, the Wiley team eventually succeeds to the point where they are able to debate Harvard University. This was their 47th annual debate team. The movie also explores the social constructs in Texas during the Great Depression including not only the day-to-day insults and slights African Americans endured, but also a lynching. Also depicted is James L. Farmer, Jr. , who, at 14 years old, was on Wiley\'s debate team after completing high school . According to the Houston Chronicle, another character depicted on the team, Samantha Booke, is based on the real individual Henrietta Bell Wells, the only female member of the 1930 debate team from Wiley College who participated in the first collegiate interracial debate in the United States. Wells also happened to be a minor African American poet whose papers are housed at the Library of Congress. The key line of dialogue, used several times, is a famous paraphrase of Augustine of Hippo: "An unjust law is no law at all." Another major line, repeated in slightly different versions according to context, concerns doing what you "have to do" in order that we "can do" what we "want to do." In all instances, these vital lines are spoken by the James L. Farmer Sr. and James L. Farmer, Jr. characters. ;Historical background The film depicts the Wiley Debate team beating Harvard College in the 1930s. They did not debate Harvard, however. The debate depicted in the film instead mirrored the match up between Wiley and the University of Southern California, who at the time were the reigning debating champions. Wiley College did indeed win this matchup.{{cite news}} The film omits another reality: even though they beat the reigning champions, the Great Debaters were not allowed to call themselves victors because they were not truly considered to belong to the debate society; blacks were not admitted until after World War II."For Struggling Black College, Hopes of a Revival." New York Times, December 5, 2007.'] ["Nine months after the death of his adoptive father, Jack Davenport, a Chicago journalist, obtains some of his possessions which lead Jack to discover his past. Jack receives an assignment to do a story in Dallas, Texas. Jack leaves days before Christmas Eve and decides to stay in Clearwater, Texas, his birthplace. One of the possessions left by his adoptive father was a mysterious photograph of Clearwater's oldest churches, taken in 1963. The church has a life-sized, wood carven nativity scene, that was carved by Joe Ottolman during the 1950s. He meets several townspeople along his search, such as Michael Curtis  Jimmy James, Clearwater's sheriff, the judge, and a maintenance worker at the church. Jack is told by the judge that releasing the identity of an adoptee's parents can cause suffering, as he points out that one adopted girl died three years earlier. Jack goes on to research the story of Joe Ottolman, who was in a car accident in 1945 that killed his wife, but his daughter survived. Joe worked for ten years on the Nativity carving. In 1963, Joe made the same mistake and was in a car accident again. His daughter Carmen Ana Ottolman, gave birth to a boy on December 24, 1963, but Carmen died two days later. Joe set his grandson up for adoption, then he disappeared from the presses and no one knew whether or not he was alive. Naomi, who helped Jack gather information from previous newspapers, tried to get Jack's birth records with the help of her friend, Venessa, who works there, but they are gone. When Jack finds this out, he discovers that the judge was trying to hide them from him. The judge then reveals that Carmen Ottolman was his mother. On his 40th birthday, Jack is still in shock of hearing this. He sleeps on the bench near the church, in front of the nativity scene. When the maintenance worker discovers him there, he brings him inside the church for some coffee. The maintenance worker then reveals himself to be Joe Ottolman, Jack's grandfather. That night, Jack's wife Megan arrives in Texas, and Jack tells her everything that happened. Megan reveals that they are going to be parents. On Christmas Night, the townspeople of Clearwater gather around the nativity scene while the reverend talks about it. After this, Jack tells his grandfather that he is going to be a great-grandfather."] ["Frank Diaz , an unemployed boxer, and his family have been living in a homeless shelter for months when, finally, on Christmas Eve, comes word that an apartment may be available. However seeing that he doesn't hold a job on paper the social worker tells him it's not possible for him to get the apartment. Frank at his ends tells a story about his time in the army during the first Gulf War. This story causes the social worker to give Frank a chance to get the apartment. The catch is that Frank must have a job before the end of the day. So Frank hits the cold streets of New York, his resentful stepson  in tow, to somehow find a job so that his family can have a real home for Christmas morning. They search all over town in hopes of a job. In their search they grow closer together while also learning secrets about each other. On his first stop in search for a job he goes to a construction contractor he's worked for 'off the books' but is denied a booked job. Throughout the movie you see the old man  looking for Frank Diaz to give him a letter. Frank's efforts to find a job by six o'clock prove impossible. At one point he does get a job painting a school, but is fired due to a criminal past. Further efforts prove futile and Frank, after being forced to shoplift to get new clothes, accidentally leaves the money he needs for the apartment behind and can't go back to get it or risk being arrested. Ultimately he runs out of time and takes his family out for dinner instead. His wife tries to get him to leave so she can sneak out without paying like she usually does, but he doesn't let her do it. At their homeless shelter, Frank spots the man who stole in his jacket earlier in the film and in a fit of anger and frustration, beats the man up and retrieves his jacket. While no charges are filed, Frank's actions get the family kicked out of the shelter and desperate, his wife calls her abusive ex for a place to stay, but the son, Justin, refuses to go with him, choosing to stay with Frank. This causes his wife to change her mind as well. After checking another shelter and finding it full, the family heads for Brooklyn on a subway train to try a shelter there and play a game that they played before they became homeless. Music plays out as the fate of Frank and his family remain unknown to us. Yet his loss of the apartment stills gives a glib outcome for a family hit hard of poverty.http://www.fandango.com/wheregodlefthisshoes_120158/movieoverview/"] ['When his rich grandad, Howard "Red" Stevens  died, Jason  thought he was going to inherit a piece of the old man\'s multi-billion dollar estate, but it came with a condition. In order to get his share of the willed inheritance, Jason must complete 12 separate assignments within a year. Each assignment is centered around a "gift". Gifts of money, friends and learning are among the dozen that Jason must perform before he is eligible for the mysterious "Ultimate Gift" his grandfather\'s will has for him. Throughout his trials and tribulations, the family attorney, Mr. Hamilton , and his secretary Miss Hastings  attempt to guide Jason along the path his grandfather wishes him to travel. However, the problem they have is that Jason has lived leisurely using his grandfather\'s money as an under-achiever who has never had to genuinely work, and who believes through a young adulthood of loneliness that money is the only pathway to making life decent. For instance, to carry out the first task he has to fly to Texas, and naturally assumes he has a first-class seat, and is annoyed when he discovers he has a coach class seat, complaining to the steward "Don\'t you know who I am?" On his return after completing the first task in Texas, everything he values is suddenly taken away from him - luxury apartment, his restored muscle car  and money - and he is left homeless. His trendy girlfriend, Caitlin , ditches him when his credit card is rejected at a fancy restaurant and she is mortified when he asks her if she could pay the bill. After his mother tells her son she cannot give him help as part of the agreement, Jason miserably finds himself being ejected from private property he wishes to rest on, and wanders the city for the first time truly alone. It is while sleeping in a park that he encounters a woman, Alexia , and her extrovert daughter Emily  - a side story that was not in the novel. Jason befriends the two but then tells them that he needs them to come along to the attorney\'s office and confirm themselves as his "good friends" in order to pass the "gift of friends" assignment. Alexia and Emily still believe that Jason is very self-centred person, and not anyone they want to have as a friend. However, it is then that Jason discovers by accident that Emily is suffering from leukemia, and sees this family as a chance to develop a strong bond with someone. Indeed, the emergence of his "true" self is the key theme of the film. From that point onwards he tries as best he can to help Emily to have a great life while it lasts. Emily also engineers and encourages a romance between Jason and her mother. Also, as Jason works through the twelve gifts in twelve months, he comes to see his grandfather as more than a dead billionaire who he believes disliked him. After Jason has completed his twelve tasks, he is given a sum of $100,000,000 to do with whatever he pleases and all of his property is returned to him. His former girlfriend, knowing that he has regained his wealth, makes an attempt to win him back merely with the offer of sex, but he disgustedly walks out on her. With his inheritance, Jason chooses to build a hospital, called Emily\'s Home , for patients with deadly diseases and their families, which also includes a church . But then before the building begins Emily dies. Alexia and Jason pray for her at the chapel. After the groundbreaking for Emily\'s Home, he is brought back to the law firm for one more meeting. He had exceeded the expectations of his dead grandfather and receives one final "gift" of $2,000,000,000, rewarding Jason not only for his completing the tasks, but for using everything he gained to give to the unfortunate ones. That night, Jason is seen sitting on a bench in the park, when Alexia joins him. He thanks her for her help that she and her daughter gave him. They then kiss and a butterfly, representing Emily, is shown flying around them.'] ["The Last Sin Eater is a story that takes place in 1850s Appalachia in a settlement community of Welsh Americans. Ten-year-old Cadi's grief over the death of her beloved grandmother, the only person who seemed to love her unconditionally, is compounded by a previous family tragedy for which she believes her family blames her. During her grandmother's funeral rites, Cadi sees the face of the village sin-eater, a person who absolves the deceased, at death, of their sins in this tiny Smoky Mountain community. About the same time, a preacher comes to the isolated valley and camps outside the village. Through dialogue with the holy man, the young girl slowly realizes that the sin eater is false and learns of Jesus and Christianity. Cadi's baptism leads to a reconciliation with her family. But Cadi's new found faith leads to tragedy and confrontation as the close-knit community must finally face the horrific secret on which their village was founded."] ["Clark goes out West to visit his daughter and son-in-law. During his visit, Kathy, the infant daughter of Willie and Missie, dies. A ruthless land baron and mayor, Doros, hires Willie as town sheriff, since grief-stricken Missie has quit her job as schoolteacher and the LaHayes need the money. Doros uses Willie as sheriff to try to evict ranchers that have fallen behind on payments. Missie helps one family by selling most of her most prized possessions, including the gold locket her mother gave her. During this time, Doros' daughter, Colette, begins to like Willie and Missie's adopted son, Jeff. Collette is an eastern-schooled girl who is home from school on break. Jeff is a well-read young man who must take over for Willie on the ranch. Colette visits the ranch frequently and helps Jeff with his chores. Jeff also visits her at Doros' ranch. Doros secretly discovers this, but does not let on. As Collette prepares to leave for school, she and Jeff share a kiss. Her father lays a trap for Jeff using the unwitting Colette. Upon her departure, Doros charges Jeff with horse theft and demands that Willie arrest his own son. Doros swears that Jeff stole the horse, but Willie produces Colette, whom Doros thought left for school on the stagecoach. In the end, Clark realizes that his daughter Missie is in great hands with her husband, Willie and returns home."] ['Tyler Doherty  is an 8 year-old suffering from cancer, and with a love for writing and sending letters to God. His local postman, Walter Finley, takes them to his office after work. His boss sees them and instructs Walter to take care of them. Later Mr. Finley goes on an extended vacation, causing an alcoholic named Brady McDaniels  to replace him temporarily. Brady is a regular at the "Bar and Grill" and close to the bartender, Jack. On his first day of work, Brady is bitten by Mrs. Baker\'s dog, and is confused by the "Letters to God" that he picks up from the Doughtie house. That same day Tyler returns to school after two months of brain tumour surgery, MRIs and radiation. The Doughtie family has been through a lot; in addition to Tyler\'s cancer, they have also lost Patrick Doherty, Tyler\'s father. Tyler\'s first day of school starts off with Alex, who bullies Tyler for being bald and having little eyebrows. Tyler\'s friend Samantha Perryfield, pushes Alex\'s face in his mashed potatoes, causing them to be sent to the principal\'s office. Tyler sends more letters to God, with Brady picking them up each day. Brady initially wanted to give them to a church, but the pastor says that Brady should keep them. Brady reads some of them, and they inspire him to be a better person. Brady develops a close relationship to the Dohertys. Mrs. Doherty gets close to Brady, and later reads Tyler\'s brother, Ben\'s, letter that inspires her to be a better mother and immediately goes to get Ben Driving license, for what he was angry at his mother . Ben makes Tyler and his mom think he is arrogant and selfish like a normal teenager. Tyler tells Sam that he wants Alex to know that he is not mad at him. Alex figures out Tyler\'s love of soccer and gets an idea of giving a soccer ball with "Get Well" on it. Brady, Alex and Sam visit Tyler at the hospital. Later, Tyler finishes getting chemotherapy and is released. The nurses remind Mrs. Doherty that Tyler\'s body is not very fit yet. Dave, Tyler\'s soccer coach, askes Tyler to play in a match. In the middle of it, Brady encourages Tyler to play goalkeeper. Tyler faints at the end of the game and is taken to the hospital. Brady is angrily blamed by Mrs. Doherty for encouraging Tyler to play, but later apologizes. It was shown later that Brady had been in jail for DUI, and that his son, Justin, was taken away from him by his wife. He turns away from his old life, and throws away his bottles of whiskey. Tyler later succumbs to his illness, and passes away at home. Sam dedicates a mailbox for God, saying that "His life was a letter to God."'] ["{{Plot}} The story opens with Jake Taylor  attending the funeral of his ex-best friend Roger . After Roger's mom comes and asks Jake if Roger had said anything to him, she walks away, and Jake remembers that this all started during their freshmen year of high school. After Jake had made the winning basket in a basketball game, a freshman cheerleader named Amy invited him to a party but didn't want Roger to come. In the years later Jake joined a new group of friends, Amy became his girlfriend, and he became star of the basketball team. Jake grew further away from Roger, who became more of a loner. Three years later as a high school senior, Roger came in with a gun and shot himself. Roger died from his injuries and Jake wondered if he could have saved him by being a better friend. After the final basketball game of his senior year, Jake meets Chris, the pastor from Roger's funeral, and a youth pastor. Jake goes to a party that is disrupted by the police and, being slow to orient himself, is the last to sneak out of the house. He calls for a ride home from Chris, who reveals that Roger had come to church the Sunday before he killed himself. Chris expresses guilt that no one had really welcomed him there. Jake continues to struggle in dealing with Roger's death, attending church several times and drawing concern from Amy because of his withdrawn behavior. He discovers Roger's social networking page and sees that Roger had openly discussed his hopelessness. Amy joins Jake at church the following Sunday, but leaves after feeling judged. Jake confronts the group about their shallow faith and failure to be inclusive and inviting. Chris asks for a solution, and a girl named Andrea suggests that they all have lunch together at school. For the next few weeks they all meet at lunch everyday. Slowly, Jake becomes shunned from all of his old friends, including Amy. Jake invites Jonny , a boy who had been mocked by a fake invitation to a party, to join them, which he eventually does. Jonny starts to emerge from a dark side to a happier side of himself as Jake spends more time with him. After some time, Jonny asks Jake for advice on asking Andrea on a date. They go out for ice cream and Andrea sees scars on Jonny's wrist from cutting. She reveals that she used to be a cutter as well, touching his wrist. Jonny tries to kiss her, dropping his ice cream on her lap and causing her to draw back. Meanwhile, Jake finds out that Amy is pregnant with his baby and that she doesn't want to keep the child. He then discovers that his parents are about to have a divorce after his father had an affair. The next day at school, Jonny wants help from Jake on what to do with Andrea after he blew his chance. Jake takes his anger out on Jonny by brushing aside his concerns and humiliating him. Jake and Andrea attempt to patch things up with Jonny, but he ignores their calls and resumes cutting his wrists. Danny, the pastor's son, overhears Jake and Chris talking about Amy's pregnancy and posts drawings all over the school announcing the secret to the school. In the weeks that follow, Jake stops hanging out with his old friends for good and spends more time with his Christian friends. He gives up his dream about going to college, much to his father's disappointment, and persuades Amy to keep the baby, promising her that he will help her raise their child. Amy, having been shunned by all her old friends at school, starts spending time with Andrea and the other girls from church. Jake continues to call Jonny, but Jonny doesn't pick up his phone. Jonny bumps into Danny, who takes the cell phone Jonny dropped. Students are evacuated from the school due to a bomb threat. Danny steps forward and tells the police he thinks it was Jonny. The police search Jonny's locker and find horrific pictures of bombs exploding the school. They ask Jonny for his phone, but he doesn't have it, because Danny still does. The police handcuff Jonny and walk him through the crowd of the entire student body. Jake realizes that Jonny didn't make the threats when he calls Jonny's phone and sees Danny answer it. With Amy distracting the teachers that guard the exit, Jake runs past them to the road and steps in front of the police car. Jonny had opened a bottle of prescription pills preparing to take them, but Jake successfully stops the vehicle just before Jonny ends up like Roger. Danny is then caught by the police, but cannot bring himself to call his father, calling Chris instead. Chris leaves Danny alone, but Jake offers to stay with him. The pastor takes a leave of absence to spend time with Danny and Chris becomes the new pastor in his place. Jake's life soon returns to normal. His daughter is placed in open adoption, and Amy gets back together with Jake. His friends and family gather to see him off to Louisville for college, and his dad comes along with him so they can talk. Jonny gives Jake a note to read on the way there stating that he actually did feel like Roger and had thought about taking his life too. He said that if Jake didn't invite him for lunch that one day, he didn't know where he'd be at the moment."] ['{{essay-like}} The movie begins in 1987, where Dr. Ben Carson  goes to Germany to visit a couple named Peter and Augusta Rausch, who have twins conjoined at the head. Ben knows that chances of saving them both will be at risk, because one baby always dies in situations like that. Ben agrees to do the operation, but he will wait four months so he can come up with a plan to save them both. While looking into some of his books, the movie flashes back to the year 1961, where 11 year old Ben Carson  starts out life as an African American child from a one-parent home with failing grades at school. Ben has an older brother named Curtis. His mother, who dropped out in the third grade, starts making decisions for him. When her boys need to learn multiplication tables, she has them swear to learn them while she is gone to check herself into a mental institution. When she sees her two sons\' success hindered by TV, she schedules timings to watch TV, boys show great interest in watching only a quiz show later on and commands them to read two books per week from the library and give her a book report, she also moves them to better schools. Meanwhile as time passes, Ben learns how to multiply and to spell. He starts to explore the world of books, and he grows in it. He begins to show a temper; Ben almost kills his friend who tells him to go to hell. He used his new knife to stab him and it broke when it hit the buckle of his belt. Having almost killed someone because of his temper, he realizes that he can\'t do anything about it. He runs to his room and cries out to God, praying that He delivers him from his temper. He becomes the top student in his eighth grade class, third in his high school class and with hard work and strong determination, he got a scholarship to college, passed the MCAT and went on to medical school. He meets his girlfriend Candy, whom he falls in love with. One day, when he struggles with a test study, she helps him out and Ben eventually passes and gets an A. In the year 1976, Carson faced adversity from fellow doctors and students while working at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore, Maryland. It is here where he performed an operation as a resident without supervision, risking his medical career to save a man\'s life. Then in the year of 1985, he saves the life of a girl who has seizures 100 times a day, by removing only half of her brain that was responsible for seizures, procedure called \'hemispherectomy". After two children, Candy becomes pregnant with twins, but loses the babies from a bloody miscarriage. Ben\'s mother later moves in with the family. Then the movie goes back to where it began: the year of 1987. Ben is eventually convinced to operate on the two twins, and he manages to make the operation successful, and both twins are saved.'] 