[' The film begins with glimpses of Raymond, a Linux IPO, Torvalds, the idea of Open Source, Perens, Stallman, then sets the historical stage in the early days of hackers and computer hobbyists when code was shared freely. It discusses how change came in 1978 as Bill Gates, in his Open Letter to Hobbyists, pointedly prodded hobbyists to pay up. Stallman relates his struggles with proprietary software vendors at the MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab, leading to his departure to focus on the development of free software, and the GNU project. Torvalds describes the development of the Linux kernel, the GNU/Linux naming controversy, Linux\'s further evolution, and its commercialization. Raymond and Stallman clarify the philosophy of free software versus communism and capitalism, as well as the development stages of Linux. Michael Tiemann discusses meeting Stallman in 1987, getting an early version of Stallman\'s GCC, and founding Cygnus Solutions. Larry Augustin describes combining GNU software with a normal PC to create a Unix-like workstation at one third the price and twice the power of a Sun workstation. He relates his early dealings with venture capitalists, the eventual capitalization and commodification of Linux for his own company, VA Linux, and its IPO. Brian Behlendorf, one of the original developers of the Apache HTTP Server, explains that he started to exchange patches for the NCSA web server daemon with other developers, which led to the release of "a patchy" webserver, dubbed Apache. Frank Hecker of Netscape discusses the events leading up to Netscape\'s executives releasing the source code for Netscape\'s browser, one of the signal events which made open source a force to be reckoned with by business executives, the mainstream media, and the public at large.Community Articles: Interview: Frank Hecker Openoffice.org. Louis Suárez-Potts, May 1, 2001. Retrieved 2007-04-22. This point was validated further after the film\'s release as the Netscape source code eventually became the Firefox web browser, reclaiming a large percentage of market share from Microsoft\'s Internet Explorer. The film also documents the scope of the first full-scale LinuxWorld Summit conference, with appearances by Linus Torvalds and Larry Augustin on the keynote stage. Much of the footage for the film was shot in Silicon Valley.'] ['The film documents Hurtubise\'s diligent work to improve his homemade "grizzly-proof" suit of armour, his efforts to test its resilience, and his forays into the Rockies to track down the grizzlies he dreams of meeting. The film manages to capture the humor of the project as well as its sincerity. It is directed by Peter Lynch and produced by Michael Allder.'] ['Raymond Kurzweil, noted inventor and futurist, is a man who refuses to accept the inevitability of physical death. He proposes that the Law of Accelerating Returns—the exponential increase in the growth of information technology—will result in a "singularity", a point where humanity and machines will merge, allowing one to transcend biological mortality: advances in genetics will provide the knowledge to reprogram biology, eliminate disease and stop the aging process; nanotechnology will keep humans healthy from the inside using robotic red blood cells and provide a human-computer interface within the brain; robotics, or artificial intelligence, will make superhuman intelligence possible, including the ability to back up the mind. Against this optimistic backdrop of human and machine evolution, concerns about Kurzweil\'s predictions are raised by technology experts, philosophers, and commentators. Physician William B. Hurlbut warns of tragedy and views Kurzweil\'s claims as lacking a more moderate approach necessitated by biological science. AI engineer Ben Goertzel champions the transhumanist vision, but acknowledges the possibility of a dystopian outcome. AI researcher Hugo de Garis warns of a coming "Artilect War", where god-like artificial intellects and those who want to build them, will fight against those who don\'t. Kevin Warwick, professor of Cybernetics at University of Reading, advocates the benefits of the singularity, but suggests the Terminator scenario could also occur. Dean Kamen observes that advances in technology have finally made immortality a reasonable goal.'] ["Freedom Machines studies the concept of diversity through the intimate stories of adults and children with disabilities who are using modern technologies to change their lives. Among them are Susanna who is beginning her college career, 38 year old Floyd Stewart who was paralyzed in mid-life while raising four children; 92 year old Gladys who is determined to overcome a hearing loss; and high school student Latoya Nesmith who dreams of becoming a translator at the United Nations. Fifteen years after passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, Freedom Machines is a reflection on the status of life of America's largest minority group: 54 million people with disabilities.  with running times  * Susanna - Growing Up with Technology  * The Movement for Civil Rights  * Bonita - Reaching Beyond Expectations  * Floyd - The Accident of Disability  * Shoshana & Jackie Brand - Breaking Through & Parent Advocacy  * Latoya - Public Education & the Law  * Gladys - Challenging the Limits of Age  * Bonita - Seeking Employment  * Floyd - Independence and Public Policy  * Funding Assistive Technology  * Latoya - A New High School  * Susanna - First Day of College  * Kent Cullers - A Life in Science  * Dean Kamen & Others - Designing An Accessible World  * End Credits   with running times  * Technology for You  * Getting the Technology You Need  * Your Legal Rights  * Designing for Everyone"] 