['Jude , a young shipyard worker from Liverpool, enlists in the Merchant Navy and jumps ship in New Jersey hoping to find his American G.I. father, whom he has never met ("Girl", "[[Helter Skelter . Meanwhile, Lucy Carrigan  worries about her boyfriend Daniel  who is headed for service in the Vietnam War, while in Dayton, Ohio, Prudence  pines for a fellow female cheerleader . Jude meets his father , who is a janitor at Princeton University, and befriends Lucy\'s brother, the privileged and rebellious student Max ([[Joe Anderson  . Lucy receives a letter from Daniel , but when Max brings Jude home with him for Thanksgiving Jude becomes attracted to Lucy . Max drops out of school and he and Jude move into a bohemian enclave in Greenwich Village, living with aspiring singer Sadie . Meanwhile, after his younger brother is killed in the 1967 Detroit riot ("[[Let It Be , Jojo  is seen leaving home and arriving by bus in New York City . While Jojo auditions for Sadie\'s band, Max becomes a taxi driver and Jude finds work as a freelance artist. They are soon joined by Prudence, who has hitchhiked to New York and left an abusive boyfriend. When Daniel is killed in Vietnam, Lucy decides to visit Max in New York before starting college . She and Jude fall in love , while Max is drafted into the army ("[[I Want You . Prudence is attracted to Sadie, and becomes depressed when Sadie and Jojo begin a relationship. Prudence locks herself in a closet and has to be coaxed out of the closet  by her friends , then disappears after wandering off during a peace rally at which Paco , the leader of the Students for a Democratic Republic , is a speaker. At a book function for existential drug guru Doctor Robert , Jude, Lucy, Jojo, Sadie and Max drink punch laced with LSD. They embark with Doctor Robert on his "Beyond" bus  and end up stranded outside the compound of psychonaut Dr. Frank Geary. They come across a strange circus led by Mr. Kite  and are reunited with Prudence, who has become a circus performer ("Being for the Benefit of Mr. Kite!", "[[Because . Back in New York, Sadie reluctantly agrees to her manager\'s demand that she drop her backing band, leading to a bitter breakup and musical split between herself and Jojo . Max is deployed to Vietnam, leading Lucy to become increasingly involved in the anti-war movement, especially with the SDR. Jude remains comparatively apolitical but devoted to Lucy . Jude dislikes the increasing amount of time that Lucy spends with the SDR and suspects that Paco is attempting to seduce Lucy, and this puts a strain on their relationship and affects Jude\'s art . Finally, Jude storms into the SDR office and points out the hypocrisy of the group\'s actions ("[[Revolution , leading to an argument with Lucy in which she leaves him . Jude follows Lucy to an anti-war demonstration at Columbia University  but when the police start arrest the protestors , Jude tries to help Lucy but is beaten by police and arrested ("[[Helter Skelter . Having been in the United States illegally and unable to legally prove that he is the son of an American citizen, Jude is deported back to England, where he returns to his old job at the Liverpool shipyards ("A Day in the Life . Jojo continues his music, playing solo guitar in bars, while on tour  Sadie drowns her sorrow and loneliness in alcohol. Max is wounded in Vietnam and sent home, psychologically scarred and dependent on morphine . Lucy continues her activities with the SDR, but finds herself caught up as Paco leads the movement deeper and deeper into violence. She finally leaves when she discovers that Paco is making bombs, but is surrounded by constant reminders of Jude and what they had shared ("[[Blackbird . One of Paco\'s homemade bombs explodes, killing him and his confederates and destroying the SDR offices; on reading this news in the local newspaper, Jude thinks that Lucy is dead, but upon learning from Max that she is alive he arranges to return to New York legally . Jojo and Sadie, who have reconciled, put on a rooftop concert, with Prudence as a member of their band ("[[Don\'t Let Me Down . Max brings Jude to the rooftop, but the police arrive to break up the concert and Lucy down on the street cannot get through the barricade. Jude manages to remain on the roof and sings "All You Need Is Love", and the police allow the band to accompany him. Max draws Jude\'s attention to an opposite rooftop where Lucy is standing and looking at him. Lucy and Jude gaze smilingly at each other across opposite rooftops as the performance concludes .'] ['Halliwell encapsulates the plot as "Harassed by their manager and Paul\'s grandpa, The Beatles embark from Liverpool by train for a London TV show."{{cite web}}'] ["The King of Navarre has vowed to avoid romantic entanglements in order to spend three years in study and contemplation. His chief courtiers agree to follow him in this vow, though one  argues that they will not be able to fulfil this plan. Berowne's claim is proven correct almost instantly. The Princess of France comes to Navarre to discuss the status of the province of Aquitaine. Though the King does not grant them access to his palace , each of the courtiers falls in love with one of her handmaidens, and the King falls in love with the Princess herself. The men attempt to hide their own loves and expose those of their fellows. At the end, after a masked ball in which the pairs of lovers are comically mismatched, all the amours are revealed. However, before the expected nuptial consummation, the women demand that the men prove they are serious by waiting for them. The comic underplot, in which Costard and others attempt to stage a play  is severely curtailed, as is the boasting of the Spaniard, Don Armado."] ['Songwriter Jack Morell  gets a break DJing at local disco Saddle Tramps. His roommate Samantha Simpson a supermodel newly retired at the peak of her success, sees the response to a song he wrote for her  and agrees to use her connections to get him a record deal. Her connection, ex-boyfriend Steve Waits, president of Marrakech Records , is more interested in getting back with her than in Jack\'s music , but agrees to listen to a demo. Samantha decides Jack\'s vocals won\'t do, and recruits neighbor and Saddle Tramps waiter/go-go boy Felipe Rose , fellow model David "Scar" Hodo , and finds Randy Jones  on the streets of Greenwich Village, offering dinner in return for their participation. Meanwhile, Simpson\'s former agent Sydney Channing orders Girl Friday Lulu Brecht to attend, hoping to lure the star back. Ron White, a lawyer from St. Louis, is mugged by an elderly woman on his way to deliver a cake Samantha\'s sister sent, and shows up on edge. Brecht gets Jack high, which unnerves him when her friend Alicia Edwards brings singing cop Ray Simpson, but Jack records the quartet on "Magic Night". Ron, pawed all night by the man-hungry Brecht, is overwhelmed by the culture shock of it all, and walks out. The next day, Samantha runs into Ron, who apologizes, proffers the excuse that he\'s a Gemini, and follows her home. Spilling leftover lasagne on himself, Simpson and Morell help him off with his trousers before Morell leaves and Simpson and White spend the night. Newly interested in helping, Ron offers his Wall Street office to hold auditions. There, Glenn M. Hughes, the leatherman climbs atop a piano for a rendition of "Danny Boy", and he and Alex Briley, the G.I. join up. Now a sextet, they get their name from an offhand remark by Ron\'s socialite mother Norma. Ron\'s boss, Richard Montgomery, overwhelmed by the carnival atmosphere, insists the firm not represent the group, and Ron quits. Ron\'s new idea for rehearsal space is the YMCA, where a production number set to the song "YMCA" features its athletic denizens in various states of undress . The group cut a demo  for Marrakech, but Steve sees limited appeal and Samantha refuses his paltry contract. Reluctant to use her savings, they decide to self-finance by throwing a pay-party. To bankroll the party, Samantha acquiesces to Channing\'s plea to return for a TV ad campaign for milk, on the condition the Village People are featured. The lavish number "Milkshake" begins as Simpson pours milk for six little boys in the archetypal costumes with the promise they\'ll grow up to be the Village People. The advertisers want nothing to do with such a concept, and refuse to air the spot. Norma then steps in to invite the group to debut at her charity fundraiser in San Francisco. Samantha lures Steve by promising a romantic weekend but Ron is taken aback by the inference she\'d go through with the seduction, and Samantha breaks up with him. On his private jet, Steve prepares for a tryst but it\'s Jack and his former chorine mother Helen who show up, to hash out a contract. Initially reluctant, Helen seduces Steve with her kreplach and before long they\'re negotiating the t-shirt merchandising for the Japanese market. In the dressing room before the show, Ron is relieved to learn Samantha didn\'t travel with Steve, and proposes. At one point, Montgomery shows up to rehire Ron as junior partner representing the group. Following a set by The Ritchie Family , the Village People make a triumphant debut, singing "Can\'t Stop the Music" to a cheering crowd.'] [' An eastern cult  is about to sacrifice a woman to the goddess \'Kaili{{Disambiguation needed|dateIntermissionPart TwoPart Three: Later That Evening Ringo lies nervously on Paul\'s bed, waiting for the injection. But before Ahme can proceed, the gang starts to pound on the doors. Startled, Ahme drops the needle into Paul\'s leg and he shrinks instead. Cutting from "The Exciting Adventure of Paul on The Floor", the thugs break into the room and a fight ensues. Ahme flees. Ringo is doused with red paint , thus ruining his best suit and causing him to cry and a swordsman approaches. Foot comes in, shoots a warning shot with his Webley and scares the man away. The gang retreats and Foot makes his attempt to take the ring. Paul unshrinks and John subsequently starts to swing a lamp at Foot who tries to shoot him, but his gun misfires. Blaming this on the fact that the gun is British made, Foot retreats. The boys are left to sort things out. The band flees to the Austrian Alps for refuge but both thugs and Foot follow in pursuit. As the Beatles participate in a game of curling, Foot and Algernon booby trap one of the curling stones with a bomb. George sees the "fiendish thingy" and tells everyone to run. The bomb eventually goes off after a delay, creating a big hole in the ice in which a swimmer  emerges and asks directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. Next, Swami skis down a slope that Ahme told him was the way to get to further pursue the Beatles, but turns out to be the take-off ramp for a Ski jumping contest. Swami is the winner, and inadvertently gets held up by receiving a gold medal. The group escapes back to England and they ask for "protection" from Scotland Yard; and get it in the form of a cowardly Inspector . After being attacked while recording in the middle of Salisbury Plain surrounded by the British Army, they hide in "A Well Known Palace"  until they are almost captured by Foot. The group step into a small pub, where Swami appears to be working. After being served beer, Ringo cannot pick his glass up from the table, so George tips it over, unknowingly opening a trapdoor to the cellar that Swami set up. Inside the cellar is a broken ladder and a tiger. They go summon the Inspector, who tells them to sing the "Ode to Joy" from Beethoven\'s 9th Symphony to the tiger in order to tame it, while everyone outside the pub hear the melody, and join in. Disguised, the Beatles take a plane to the Bahamas, followed by Scotland Yard officers, Foot and Clang. After Ringo is nearly captured, the other Beatles pose as him in order to lure the cult members, who are then arrested by the Bahamas Police. Despite their best efforts, Ringo is captured by Foot, who takes him on to a ship intending to cut off his finger to get the ring. Ahme rescues Ringo by giving Foot the same orchid essence shrinking solution in exchange. The two try to escape the ship by jumping into the water, however Ringo cannot swim. They are captured by the cult and tied down on the beach where they are surrounded by two battalions of Kukhri Rifles. Clang begins the ceremony to sacrifice Ringo, after telling him that the cult members are prepared to attack the rest of the Beatles and police when they come to the rescue and that if Ringo attempts to warn them he will die instantly. Ringo manages to untie himself and tries to wave to his band mates to warn them away. With this act of courage, the ring falls from his finger. He puts the ring on Clang\'s hand, saying "Get sacrificed! I don\'t subscribe to your religion!" Ahme declares that Clang will be the next sacrifice, as he is wearing the ring. The movie ends with "Help!" playing one last time and everyone running around. Clang manages to remove the ring and gives it to Foot and Algernon. They, however, leave the ring in the sand while the police rush about arresting the cult while The Beatles playfully run around; the ring ends up on Bhuta\'s finger and he becomes the target for sacrifice; meanwhile, Mal Evans swims toward the beach and once again, asks for directions to the White Cliffs of Dover. The movie ends with a dedication to "Elias Howe, who, in 1846, invented the sewing machine". The credits feature the characters acting up in front of the camera, with the jewel of the ring being placed in front of the lens. The music playing during the credits is the Overture of The Barber of Seville by Gioachino Rossini, with The Beatles adding their own laughing and comments.'] ['The film opens in the year 1900, where a suffering and depressed writer named Christian sits at his desk and begins to write on his typewriter. In 1899, one year before, Christian moves to the Montmartre district of Paris to become a writer among members of the area\'s Bohemian movement. He encounters performers led by Toulouse-Lautrec; his writing skills allow them to finish their proposed show, "Spectacular Spectacular", that they wish to sell to Harold Zidler, owner of the Moulin Rouge. The group arrives at the Moulin Rouge as Zidler and his "Diamond Dog Dancers" perform for the audience (Lady Marmalade/Zidler\'s Rap . Toulouse-Lautrec arranges for Christian to see Satine, the star courtesan, in her private quarters to present the work, unaware that Zidler is promising Satine to the wealthy and unscrupulous Duke of Monroth, a potential investor in the cabaret . Early in the movie, it is made obvious that Satine suffers from tuberculosis. Satine mistakes Christian for the Duke, and dances with him before retiring to her private chamber with him in order to discuss things "privately"  but soon learns that he is just a writer; by this time Christian has fallen in love with her . The Duke interrupts them; Christian and Satine claim they were practicing the lines for the Moulin Rouge\'s new show, "Spectacular Spectacular". With the help of Zidler, Toulouse-Lautrec and the rest of the troupe pitch the show to the Duke with an improvised plot about an evil maharajah attempting to woo an Indian courtesan who is in love with a poor sitar player ("The Pitch . The Duke agrees to back the show on the condition that only he is allowed to see Satine. Meanwhile, Satine contemplates on Christian and her longing to leave the Moulin Rouge to become "a real actress" . Christian later goes back to Satine to convince her that she loves him . As the cabaret is converted to a theater, Christian and Satine continue seeing each other under the pretense of rehearsing Satine\'s lines. The Duke becomes jealous and warns Zidler that he may stop financing the show; Zidler arranges for Satine to dine with the Duke that evening, but during practice she falls ill . That night, Zidler makes excuses to the Duke, claiming that Satine has gone to confession ("[[Like a Virgin . Zidler learns that Satine\'s tuberculosis has worsened, and that she does not have long to live. Satine tries to convince Christian that their relationship endangers the show, but he counters by writing a secret love song into the show to affirm their love ("[[Come What May . As the Duke watches Christian rehearse lines with Satine, Nini, a jealous performer, points out that the play is a metaphor for Christian, Satine and the Duke. Enraged, the Duke demands that the play ending be changed so that the courtesan ends up with the maharajah; Satine offers to spend the night with the Duke to keep the original ending. While at the Duke\'s quarters, Satine sees Christian on the streets below, and realizes she cannot go through with this . The Duke tries to rape her, but she is saved by Le Chocolat, one of the cabaret dancers, and reunited with Christian, who urges her to run away with him. The Duke tells Zidler that he will have Christian killed if Satine is not his. Zidler reiterates this warning to Satine, but when she refuses to return, he finally informs her that she is dying . Acting on the threat to Christian\'s life, Satine tells Christian they can no longer see each other as she will be staying with the Duke . Christian tries following her, but is denied entry to the Moulin Rouge, and falls into a deep depression, even though Toulouse-Lautrec insists that Satine loves him. On the night of the show, Christian sneaks into the Moulin Rouge, ready to pay Satine to return his love just as the Duke has paid for her . He catches Satine before she steps on stage, and he demands she tells him that she does not love him. Suddenly they find themselves in the spotlight; Zidler convinces the audience that Christian is the disguised sitar player. Christian angrily denounces Satine and walks off the stage. From the rafters, Toulouse-Lautrec, cries out, "The greatest thing you\'ll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return", spurring Satine to sing the secret love song Christian wrote to express their love. Christian returns to the stage, joining her in the song. The Duke\'s bodyguard tries to kill Christian, but is thwarted by Toulouse-Lautrec and La Petite Princesse , while the Duke\'s own attempt is stopped by Zidler. The Duke storms out of the cabaret as Christian and Satine complete their song ("Come What May ", "Coup d\'État . After the curtain closes, however, Satine succumbs to tuberculosis. She and Christian affirm their love before she dies. A year later the Moulin Rouge has closed down, and Christian is writing the tale of his love for Satine, a "love that will live forever" (Nature Boy .'] ["Spoiled heiress Brooke Carter runs into spoiled gambler Johnny Spanish at the race track. Spoiled playboy Michael O. Pritchard nearly runs into spoiled showgirl Kitty O'Kelly with his car. Backstage at Kitty's show, it turns out she and Brooke are old friends who attended public school together. The foursome does the town, accompanied by Brooke's companion Elizabeth, who throws herself at Michael's butler and chauffeur Rodney James. The four friends change partners at a party, where Brooke and Michael step outside behind the backs of Kitty and Johnny. In an effort to make the others jealous, Kitty and Johnny begin a romance and genuinely fall in love, as do Brooke and Michael, and as do Elizabeth and Rodney."] 