['A pharmaceutical company sends biochemist Dr. Rae Crane into the Amazonian rainforest to locate researcher Robert Campbell after his wife and research partner abandon him. Crane is bringing equipment and supplies, but Campbell is nevertheless upset the research partner is not forthcoming. He tries to send Crane home, but she demurs, as she has been assigned to determine whether Campbell\'s research deserves continued funding. Campbell has found a cure for cancer, but attempts to synthesize the compound have failed. With supplies of the successful serum running low, Campbell isolates a derivative of a species of flower from which the formula can be synthesized and with Crane\'s help is determined to find its source. A logging company is building a road headed straight for the village, threatening to expose the native population to potentially lethal foreign antigens, as has happened before. In fact, Campbell\'s wife left him because he could not forgive himself for the tragedy. A small boy appears with malignant neoplasms and Campell, Crane, the boy, and his father set out in search of Campbell\'s predecessor, a medicine man from whom Campbell once acquired his knowledge of flowers. Upon encountering Campbell\'s entourage, the medicine man flees in fear. Though he is reluctant to pursue the man further, Crane convinces him circumstances demand that he must. Campbell rescues Crane from a fall, then locates the medicine man, whom he is compelled to fight in order to heal the medicine man\'s wounded pride and gain further necessary information. Unfortunately, the medicine man reveals that the flowers have no "juju"--power to heal. Father and son agree to return another time. Back at the village, Crane initally refuses to allow Campbell to inoculate the boy with the last of the serum until more can be synthesized. But when the boy\'s condition worsens, she gives in and the boy is inoculated. The next morning, the boy is better but the village is in tumult. The logging road is nearly finished. Campbell appeals to the company\'s workers to halt construction until he can conclude his research, but it refuses. In desperation and after new samples fail to contain the missing compound, Crane runs the chromatograph one more time and accidentally discovers that the source of the cure is not the flower but a species of rare ant indigenous to the rainforest. Campbell demands the construction stop. A fight results and a bulldozer catches fire, destroying the village and the research station along with many acres of rainforest. The next day, Crane promises to send Campbell new equipment and the research assistant he\'d originally requested. She is about to return home when she meets the medicine man. He symbolically passes on his mantle to Campbell, and Crane accepts an invitation to continue working with him in exchange for recognition for co-discovering the source of the compound.'] ["An expedition team arrives on Tarzan's escarpment. By chance, the two villainous members Medford  and Vandermeer  find out that there is plenty of gold on the escarpment. They kidnap Jane and Boy in order to make Tarzan show them the location of the gold. Soon the group is captured by natives, whereupon Tarzan comes to their rescue."] ["{{plot|dateAlternate endings An alternate ending used in the unrated cut of the film shows Amy driving away from the ruins, but this time the vines appear under the skin of her face and her eye fills with blood revealing she became infected with the vines as well. A second version of the scene plays out identically, but then cuts to a cemetery where a caretaker is walking among the headstones whistling Frère Jacques. He hears the same tune coming from Amy's grave. Around the headstone lie a few of the same red flowers, and as the caretaker reaches for one, the music surges and the scene cuts to black."] ["Two men come into the jungle intent on wholesale slaughter of animals to get barrels of animal fat, lion skins and tusks. Tarzan tries to help a baby elephant, one of their first victims. He takes the elephant to an animal doctor and his female assistant who have pitched their tents in the jungle to do business. The hunters turn up and pretend they are photographers and have the doctor escort them to where the animals are. They leave the doctor and start killing animals. His assistant finds out they are evil and goes after them but needs Tarzan's help when she stumbles into quicksand. He rescues her, and she says she needs a bath so Tarzan throws her into the river. They reach a tribe who worship animals and who are Tarzan's friends. However, the tribe hear that animals are being slaughtered and decide to kill the doctor and his assistant as he led them there. Tarzan goes after the villains and they end up getting their just deserts. He arrives back in time to save the doc and his assistant from the lions in the pit they have been thrown into."] ["The film begins in New York City, U.S. with an unnamed man visiting an apartment to get heroin  from his dealer named Mike. Instead of finding his usual pusher, the man finds two mobsters who are also looking for Mike, who had apparently skipped town owing them $100,000. After questioning the man about Mike's whereabouts, they shoot him and leave him for dead. Meanwhile, in Paraguay, two siblings, Rudy and Gloria, with their friend Pat, prepare for a journey into the rain forest. The three have ventured there to help prove Gloria's theory that cannibalism no longer exists, and that it may not have existed all along, being a myth concocted by greedy European empires to justify colonising the land. After encountering a pair of natives who were brutally killed in a booby trap, the trio encounter two other westerners; Mike, the drug dealer mentioned in the beginning , and his partner Joe. Joe is badly wounded; Mike explains the two were attacked by cannibals. They claim they were with a Portuguese guide who was tied to a stake, castrated, and killed by the cannibals. During the night, Gloria goes missing, and Rudy finds a native village while looking for her. It is populated by a small group of natives, mostly the old. Due to Joe's injuries, the troupe decides to stay in the nearly deserted native village. Mike seduces the naive Pat, and has sex with her, as well as giving her cocaine. In a cocaine-fuelled rage, he encourages Pat to slowly kill a young native girl with a knife, but she is unable to do it, so he kills her himself with a gun. Pat, horrified by Mike's actions, warns the native girl's accomplice to flee before Mike gets to him. In his dying moments, Joe reveals that he and Mike were responsible for the cannibals' aggression. The two came to the region to exploit the natives for emeralds and cocaine, taking advantage of their trust in white men. One day, while high on cocaine, Mike brutally tortured and killed their native guide in full view of his tribe. The badly charred body that the troupe thought to be the Portuguese guide  is actually this native. Mike kidnapped a native girl to lead them out of the jungle, but the two were followed and attacked, explaining Joe's injuries. In light of Mike's murder of the young girl, the natives finally snap and begin to hunt the troupe. Joe eventually dies of his wounds, and his body is found and cannibalised by the natives in full view of Rudy and Gloria, who are hiding from the natives. Mike and Pat had abandoned the rest of the troupe, but they are all rounded up by the natives eventually. They are forced into a cage  and forced to watch Mike have his penis cut off and eaten. The wound is then cauterized to ensure he does not bleed to death. When the natives take the troupe to another village, Rudy manages to escape, hiding in a pool of water from the natives. However, he is caught in a booby trap in the jungle and the bleeding wound of his attracts the attention of piranhas, who force him out of the pool screaming. The natives shoot him with a poisoned dart, and he dies almost instantly. Pat, Gloria, and Mike are taken to a new village where their suffering continues. The women are put in a hole in the ground as Mike is placed in a separate cage. The native man that Pat saved from Mike at the beginning appears, and lowers a rope into the hole so the women can escape. However, at this point Mike digs out of his cage, chases the man away, and cuts the rope, preventing the women from escaping. He then flees into the jungle. He is almost spotted by a plane being flown by a search party looking for the missing troupe , but shouting in an attempt to be noticed by the plane causes the natives to finally locate him. They drag him to a fallen tree and cut off his right hand with a machete before taking him back to the village. When the search party lands, they are told by the natives that the explorers were in a canoe, which capsized. They were then eaten by crocodiles. Pat is bound, stripped, and has hooks put through her breasts. She slowly bleeds to death as Gloria is forced to watch. Mike's head is placed in a crude apparatus, and the top of his head is cut off; the natives then proceed to eat his brains. Gloria is left for the night; during this time the same sympathetic native who Mike chased off earlier returns and frees her. He guides her through the jungle but is eventually killed by one of his own people's booby traps. A desperate Gloria eventually meets up with a pair of trappers, who take her to safety. Instead of telling the true story, she backs up the natives' lie about the others being eaten by crocodiles. The film ends with a shocked and jaded Gloria part of society once again. She has published a book called Cannibalism: End of a Myth which completely covers up the story of what happened. This was most likely done because of her realisation that the natives were only vicious because of the extensive cruelty they had endured under the white man they once revered."] ['Tarzan and Jane are spending some time by a river when they hear a scream. A local tribal girl has gone missing, and the tribes people believe this is due to some evil spirit. Tarzan and Jane quickly realize the girl has been kidnapped. The kidnappers are Lionians, a "lost" culture of Caucasians who have a culture similar to ancient Egypt and who worship lions. The Lionians are kidnapping girls throughout the region to bring back to their city deep in the jungle. But they have brought a terrible disease with them which can kill within hours. Tarzan seeks the help of Dr. Campbell, who has a serum that can both cure the disease as well as vaccinate against it. After saving the local tribe, Dr. Campbell and Tarzan  head for the Lionian city. Meanwhile, Dr. Campbell\'s native assistant, the buxom and blonde Lola, has fallen for Tarzan. Jane and Lola have a fight, after which both women are captured by a Lionian raiding party. Tarzan and the others are repeatedly attacked by other tribes and the Lionians as they search for the Lionian city. Neil suffers a broken leg, and is left behind. Dr. Campbell unknowingly drops his bottle of serum, and although Neil discovers it later as he follows Tarzan and Campbell. Meanwhile, Jane and Lola are taken to the Lionian capital. The Lionian king has recently died of the horrible disease, leaving the Prince in charge. He is easily swayed by the evil counselor, Sengo, who has persuaded the Prince to indulge every lust for food, drink, and women to assuage his grief. Furthermore, the illness has killed many Lionian women, leading the Lionians to capture local beauties as concubines. Lola refuses the Prince\'s advances, and is brutally whipped. When Jane defends her, both women are entombed alive in the dead king\'s stone mausoleum. When the Lionian High Priest challenges Sengo, Sengo convinces the Prince that the priest is a rebel and should be fed to the lions. Tarzan arrives at the Lionian city with Campbell. The Prince\'s son has fallen ill with the disease, and Sengo blames Tarzan and Neil. Their deaths are ordered, but Tarzan escapes and leads the Lionians on a merry chase through their own city. Tarzan hides inside the dead king\'s sarcophagus, but becomes entombed in the stone mausoleum as well. Luckily, Tarzan discovers where Jane and Lola have been sealed up as well, and frees them. Tarzan calls for help, and an elephant breaks down the tomb\'s door to free Tarzan, Jane, and Lola. Tarzan holds off the Lionians, and manages to throw Sengo into the pit with the lions. Meanwhile, Neil arrives with the serum and the Prince\'s son is cured. The Prince, realizing how wrong he has been, orders the High Priest, Tarzan, all of Tarzan\'s friends, and all the slave girls freed.'] ["Jungle medics Dr. Sturdy  and his daughter Anne  are opposed by witch doctor Futa ([[James Edwards  of the Nagasu tribe, who regards their work as a threat to his own livelihood. Futa incites the tribe to waylay Anne's fiance Dr. Ken Warwick , who is saved by Tarzan . Later Tarzan and his adopted son Tartu  enlist the doctors' services on behalf of Jane , suffering from appendicitis. Futa hypnotizes Moto , a native assistant of Sturdy, to murder Jane, but Tarzan thwarts the plot. Learning that the young Nagasu chief  is sick, Tarzan attempts to persuade them to let Sturdy treat them. Seizing his chance, Futa has the ape man taken captive and condemned to death. To restore his own credentials, the witch doctor then undertakes to cure the chief himself, hedging his bets by having his henchman Ramo  steal medicine from Sturdy. Unfortunately, Ramo purloins a poison by mistake. Freeing himself, Tarzan intervenes and prevents the administration of the poison to the chief; Futa then swallows it himself to demonstrate that there is no harm in it — and dies. Dr. Sturdy is consequently called in, successfully curing the chief."] ['Brenda Joyce plays Jane and George Zucco portrays Palanth, a high priest attempting to force a young girl  to marry a con man  impersonating the god Balu.'] ['At home in Africa, Tarzan assists Myrna, a photojournalist, and Ken, her associate, in their search for Erik Brunik, a thirteen-year-old boy lost in the jungle since he was seven years old. Tarzan is assisted by his friend Buhara, whose brother Nagambi does not wish the boy found, and attempts to kill him before Tarzan saves the day.'] ['In 1560, a thousand Spanish conquistadors, and a score of captured Indians, march down from Quito in the Andes mountains into the jungle below. Under the command of Gonzalo Pizarro , the party\'s mission is to find El Dorado. The men, clad in half armor, pull cannons through narrow mountainous paths and hot, thickly humid jungle. After much difficulty, on New Year\'s Eve, Pizarro orders a small expeditionary group of forty men to continue ahead by rafting down a river in search of El Dorado. If they do not return to the main party within one week with news of what lies beyond, they will be considered lost. Pizarro chooses Don Pedro de Ursúa  as the commander of the expedition, Don Lope de Aguirre  as his second-in-command, fat nobleman Don Fernando de Guzmán  representing The Royal House of Spain and brother Gaspar de Carvajal  as a chronicler. Also accompanying the expedition, against Pizarro\'s better judgment, are Ursúa\'s mistress, Doña Inéz  and Aguirre\'s young daughter, Florés . One of the four rafts becomes separated from the others and gets caught in a whirlpool. A rescue team is unable to approach the raft until the following day, when all men on the raft are found to have been killed by unknown attackers. Ursúa wants the bodies to be brought back to camp for proper burial. Knowing this would slow down the expedition, Aguirre orders Perucho  to fire a cannon at the raft, which sinks, and the corpses are lost in the river. During the night, the remaining rafts are swept away by the rising river. Since supplies start to run out and things get progressively worse, Ursúa decides that their mission is hopeless and orders them to return to the main group. Wanting power, Aguirre takes the opportunity to lead a rebellion against Ursúa, telling the men that untold riches await them ahead. Ursúa and a soldier loyal to him are shot. Ursúa\'s mistress, Inéz , cares for them. Aguirre coerces the soldiers to "elect" the fat, lazy Don Fernando de Guzman as the new leader of the expedition. Aguirre proclaims Guzman Emperor in the New World, “dethroning” Philip II. A farcical trial of Ursúa results in his being sentenced to death, but Guzman surprises Aguirre by refusing to allow this to happen. Instead, Guzman grants Ursúa clemency. Aguirre proves to be an oppressive leader, so terrifying that few protest his leadership. Those who complain are killed. Only Inez has the courage to speak out against him. Knowing that some of the soldiers are still loyal to Ursúa, Aguirre simply ignores her. The expedition continues on a single, newly built, large raft. An Indian couple approaching with a canoe is captured by the explorers, but when the man expresses confusion at the sight of a Bible, Brother Gaspar de Carvajal  has the man and his wife killed for blasphemy. Guzman dines on the low food supplies while the men are starving, and has the expedition\'s only horse pushed off the raft because it annoys him. Soon after, he is found strangled near the raft\'s outhouse. After Guzman\'s death, Aguirre proclaims himself leader. Ursúa is then taken ashore and hanged in the jungle. The group attacks an Indian village, where many of the soldiers are killed by spears. The distraught Inez walks into the jungle and disappears. Aguirre is now the ruler of a group of slowly starving, hallucinating men. The group gapes in awe at a wooden ship perched in the highest branches of one of the tall trees. In a final Indian attack, all remaining survivors including Aguirre’s daughter are killed by arrows. Aguirre remains alone on the slowly circling raft. The raft becomes overrun by monkeys. The crazed Aguirre tells them: "I, the Wrath of God, will marry my own daughter and with her I will found the purest dynasty the world has ever seen. Together, we shall rule this entire continent. We shall endure. I am the Wrath of God!"'] ['The film begins with Charles Travis , the ex-fiancé of electronics expert Karen Ross , testing a diamond-powered communications laser in a remote part of the Congo by a dormant volcano. Charles\' friend, Jeffrey, discovers the ruins of an ancient lost city and brings Charles with him. But when Jeffrey goes to explore the city he is mysteriously killed, along with Charles. Karen, waiting in the company\'s headquarters for Charles to test the device, activates a video feed and is shocked to see a destroyed camp with several dead bodies. A shadowy animal knocks the camera over, ending the transmission. TraviCom CEO R.B. Travis , Charles\' father, reveals why they are exploring the Congo. He wants to find a rare blue diamond that is only found at the volcanic site and will help expand his communication technologies. He orders Karen to finish the mission and find the blue diamond. She makes Travis promise that he is sending her there for his son, and not simply for a diamond. Meanwhile, Dr. Peter Elliott , a primatologist at the University of California at Berkeley, and his assistant Richard  have devised a way to teach human communication to primates using a gorilla named Amy . With a special backpack and glove, her sign language is translated to a digitized voice. Despite the success, Peter is concerned that Amy is having nightmares and psychological problems. These have been partly quelled by Amy\'s painted pictures of trees and an open eye. Peter theorizes that she is painting a jungle and decides to return her to Africa, but the university is reluctant to fund the expedition. Peter is then approached by a Romanian philanthropist, Herkermer Homolka , who offers to fund the expedition. Karen, hoping to find Charles, joins Peter and provides additional funding for the trip. Upon arriving in Africa, the group is met by their expert guide Captain Munro Kelly . However, they are soon captured by the local authorities and questioned by a local militia leader  who grants them passage in exchange for a sizable bribe. As the group boards another plane, Munro reveals that Homolka has led previous safaris in search of the "Lost City of Zinj", with disastrous results. The group covertly crosses the closed Zaire border but must parachute into the jungle after their plane is shot down by Zairean soldiers. They make camp and Karen sets up equipment to contact TraviCom via satellite. The next morning, members of a ghost tribe enter the camp, claiming to have found a dead white man with the TraviCom logo on his clothes. The ghost tribe members lead the team to Bob, a member of the original TraviCom expedition. He is not actually dead but in a catatonic state and the ghost tribe perform a ritual to summon his spirit back to his body. After they revive him, Bob sees Amy and begins screaming, before coughing up blood and dying. Perplexed, the group heads deeper into the jungle by boat. Munro again presses Homolka about his obsession with the lost city, and he reveals that as a young man he found a book in Soviet Georgia that contained a drawing of the City of Zinj, where King Solomon was believed to have had a vast diamond mine. The drawing featured a peculiar decoration that resembles an open eye, the same eye that Amy has been painting. Homolka comes to the conclusion that Amy has seen Zinj and can lead the group there. Arriving at the empty camp site, the group finally discovers Zinj. Peter, Karen, Munro, Homolka, and head porter Kahega  enter the ruins while Amy, Richard and the remaining porters wait outside. While the first group searches the city, they see a certain hieroglyphic everywhere. Suddenly a hysterical Richard runs into the city, screaming in terror. He collapses dead and a gray gorilla comes out of the shadows and attacks the group. That night, they set up a secure camp, but the gray gorillas attack the perimeter after dark and are driven off by automated machine guns set up by Karen. Homolka translates the repeated hieroglyph to: "We are watching you." The group reenters the ruins, where they find hieroglyph pictures of people teaching the gorillas to be "guard dogs" for the mines and to kill anyone from stealing the diamonds. Soon they find Homolka at the entrance of Solomon\'s diamond mine. Homolka picks up handfuls of large diamonds but they are again ambushed by the gray gorillas, who appear to be living in the mine with its precious minerals. Homolka is killed and the others open fire. In a small geode within the mine, Karen and Peter find Charles\' dead body, holding a large blue diamond in his hand. Kahega and the other porters run out of ammunition and are killed. As the gorillas attack Peter, Amy arrives and fiercely protects the injured Peter from them, giving Karen enough time to load the blue diamond into her own powerful laser, which she uses as a weapon on the gorillas. The volcano then suddenly erupts, collapsing the mine into molten lava. This gives the three survivors and Amy time to escape as the gray gorillas are killed by the boiling lava. Upon escaping the collapsing city and volcano, Karen contacts Travis and informs him that she found the blue diamond, but that Charles is dead. However, when she realizes that Travis only values the diamond, she programs the laser to target Travicom\'s orbiting multimillion-dollar satellite, destroying it. Having found their crashed cargo plane, Karen has Munro set up a hot air balloon. Peter says goodbye to Amy, as she is set free in the wild and joins a group of mountain gorillas. At sunset, Peter, Karen, and Munro set off in the hot air balloon. Karen has Peter throw away the only diamond she managed to save from the mine. The balloon sails away over the jungle as Amy looks on and heads off with the mountain gorillas.'] ['Travelers near Zambezi are being killed, apparently by leopards. The commissioner  asks Tarzan to look into the matter. Tarzan immediately doubts that leopards are the problem. At the same time, Tarzan, Jane, and Boy take in Kimba, a boy who claims to have become lost in the jungle. Kimba  is the brother of Queen Lea, leader of a leopard cult. She has dispatched him to spy on Tarzan. Queen Lea also conspires with Ameer Lazar , a Western-educated doctor who resents the West\'s domination of the area. Kimba has a goal of his own: to take the heart of Jane ([[Brenda Joyce  a deed that would make him a warrior in the eyes of the cult. The Leopard Men wear leopard skins that form a cowl and cape, with iron claws attached to the back of each hand. Queen Lea  wears a headband, wrist bands, ankle bands, halter top and miniskirt made of leopard skin. As "Variety" put it: "She displays plenty of what it takes to stir male interest and handles her acting chores adequately." She works her followers into a frenzy in an underground chamber, "These skins are your disguise. These claws are your weapons. Go not as men, but as leopards. Go swiftly, silently." They attack a caravan bringing four teachers (Iris Flores, Lillian Molieri  and bring the maidens back for sacrifice. They also capture Tarzan, Jane, and Boy. Tarzan brings down the roof of the cavern, destroying the cult and rescuing his friends. The plot is summed up by these lines spoken by Tarzan : :"If an animal can act like a man, why not a man like an animal?"'] ['Tarzan and Jane have left Africa, married and settled in London. Their pre-teen son, Jack, dreams of jungle adventures like his father\'s, but is discouraged by his parents. He sneaks away to see a trained ape called Ajax . The ape\'s trainer is really Ivan Paulovich, an old enemy of Tarzan\'s, who is looking for a way to enact vengeance. He kidnaps Jack and takes him to Africa. Jack escapes with Akut, and survives on his own in the wild much like his father before him. He is given the Ape name Korak, which means "Killer" in their language. Korak rescues Meriem, a young French girl held captive by Arab slave traders, and they grow to adulthood in the jungle. Paulovich hopes to receive a ransom from her wealthy parents for her return as well, and attempts to capture both of them. Eventually Paulovich lures Jane to Africa in order to extort a ransom, but Tarzan soon follows. Tarzan and Jane, living at their African estate, find Meriem and informally adopt her. They discover her parentage and send for her father. The film climaxes with a battle pitting Korak against Paulovich, his henchmen and the slave traders. An elephant rescues Korak, who is bound to a stake, and he and Meriem are reunited with their parents, and all sail for England.Tarzan.cc'] ["Ankers portrays an aviatrix who walks out of the jungle looking decades younger than her chronological age due to a secret fountain of youth but gradually begins a terrifying accelerated aging process. Against Tarzan's wishes, she and Jane begin a desperate search for the fountain."] ["In 1913, on the night before Jane Porter's wedding to John Clayton , her bridegroom receives a disturbing vision of his childhood homeland in peril. Much to Jane's distress, Clayton leaves for Africa to help. The educated explorer Nigel Ravens is seeking the legendary city of Opar, to plunder its ancient treasures. But then Jane decides to follow her fiancé, and he must protect her while trying to stop Ravens and his men."] ['The film opens with an animated segment, mostly with animal arguments. The live portion begins when George  and his son Junior  ride in on Shep. When the narrator (voiced by [[Keith Scott  shows a surprise reaction of the actor playing George, the "new George" states that the studio is "too cheap to pay Brendan Fraser." George is currently in a situation where he isn\'t able to keep track of whether to help the animals, and to be with Ursula  and Junior. George also wants to teach Jr. how to vine swing, but Jr. prefers vine surfing. George wanting to spend some time with Ursula doesn\'t impress some the animals including the Mean Lion , who wants the throne for himself. Meanwhile, Ursula\'s mother, Beatrice Stanhope , and three of the Swahilian explorers from the previous film arrive for Junior\'s birthday. George gives his son a spear, while Beatrice has bought lots of expensive items, to coax Ursula and her son to come back to San Francisco. Secretly, Beatrice is in a plot with Lyle Van De Groot  to steal the deed to Ape Mountain, in order to get Ursula as his wife. Their guess is that George\'s brother, Ape , who is gambling in Las Vegas, has the deed to Ape Mountain, so Lyle cheats in a game of poker, making Ape lose. Discovering Ape doesn\'t own the deed to the mountain, but George does, he makes Ape work off his debts from the gambling by working in his theatre for the next 17 years. Beatrice tries to convince George to let Ursula and Junior go back to the US, but he goes with them to see Ape in Las Vegas, leaving the Mean Lion to have the advantage to take over the jungle as the new king. Lyle and his agents, Sally  and Kowalski , break into George\'s room. They go through George\'s underwear, which they find more than they anticipated. They almost give up but eventually they find the deed as Sally and Kowalski grin with delight. After several failed attempts by her mother and friends  to convince Ursula to leave George and go back to San Francisco, they get a hypnotist to hypnotise her into forgetting George and thinking Lyle is her husband. As Lyle has the deed, he orders bulldozers to destroy the jungle. George, Ape, and Rocky the kangaroo attempt to find Ursula and Junior and take them back to the jungle. As Ape, George and Rocky try and escape to the Jungle. They encounter Sally and Kowalski who have come to capture them. The women attempt to capture them, holding them at gun point. After Ape throws a suitcase at them disarming the women they chase after them. Despite almost capturing George, an attendant stops the women by holding them down briefly and they are unsuccessful in capturing George and Ape. They get away from the rather attractive two. After another chase involving animal patrol and the police happens on the roof, Lyle\'s women are searching an old granny instead of cranny, when they realise they make a run for it. George finds Ursula, who doesn\'t recognize him due to the hypnotism. Junior and the others head back to the jungle . Lyle has sent his agents over already to destroy the jungle including his attractive but evil women. After getting Shep to take them back to the treehouse, they find out that the Mean Lion has taken over, so George defeats him easily with something he learned when he was younger, pinching Lion\'s ear, which knocks him out. When George discovers the bulldozers heading through the jungle, he and the others fight by methods of catapulting coconuts and elephant poo  from palm trees, and igniting them by lighting gorilla farts. The final bulldozer is guarded by Sally and Kowalski, so coconuts aren\'t thrown at them as they can\'t hit women. The bulldozer is heading towards the treehouse, where Ursula is currently unconscious in a hammock. After George manages to climb on the bulldozer, he tries to reason with Sally but fails. As she punches him leaving him dangling on the side of the bulldozer, Kowalski jumps over to try and help defeat George. This would prove to be a great mistake. As George\'s head comes in to contact with several trees and Sally and Kowalski grin with delight seeing their foe suffer. But George doesn\'t give up easily and continues to distract the women so Rocky can get in the bulldozer, and get rid of the driver. After Kowalski literally kicks George off, they think they have won. As they turrn in to the bulldozer they see Rocky, he then kicks the two women in the jaw which sends them flying across the jungle, screaming for their lives. After they come crashing down in an open bit of land, Rocky jumps along as the women get up to face him. Rocky has to think promptly as to how to stop the two women. With the women confused he jumps on their shoulders five times each. Smacking them into the hard ground they groan and squeal before Rocky leaves the poor women buried up to their breasts, in mud unable to escape. None of Lyle\'s accomplices are heard or seen again. Pressumably dead or knocked out. Afterwards, Junior swings into the bulldozer and shuts it down before it hits the treehouse. Lyle and Beatrice arrive and tell George that they won\'t destroy the jungle and will give back the deed if he hands over Ursula and Junior, but George, after convincing from Ape, picks Lyle up and hangs him from a tree branch by his underwear. George kisses Ursula, thus breaking the hypnotic spell. Lyle, angered by his defeat, insults the narrator, who responds by pulling his giant hand from the sky, grabbing Lyle and carrying him off to the sky. After Ursula\'s friends are snapped out of their hypnosis, George and Ursula get married again. George tells them from 9 til 5, he belongs to the animals, and from 5 til 9, he belongs to Junior, but at all times, he belongs to Ursula. The film ends with George vine surfing and Junior swinging back to the treehouse for lunch, before George crashes into the side of the treehouse when swinging.'] ["The film begins with Tarzan and Jane Parker living in the Jungle. Harry Holt, with business partner Martin Arlington, meet up with them on their way to take ivory from an elephant burial ground. Holt tries to convince Jane, who was with him on his first trip to the jungle, to return with him by bringing her gifts from civilization including clothing and modern gadgets but she tells them she would rather stay with Tarzan. When Tarzan learns that the two men wish to loot the elephant's graveyard, he will have nothing to do with it; so Martin shoots an elephant so it can act as an instinctive guide. Only Jane's intervention keeps Tarzan from murdering Martin. But Martin's attempt to remove the ivory is thwarted when Tarzan appears with a herd of elephants. Martin feigns repentance, and promises to leave the next day without the ivory. Early the next morning, Martin attempts to kill Tarzan, and Jane thinking him dead, decides to return to civilization. Meanwhile, Cheeta and his ape friends nurse Tarzan back to health in time for him to stop the men who shot him. But they are attacked by lion men, who summon lions to help them kill the members of the safari. Both Martin and Holt are killed, and Jane is in danger from lions. Then, Tarzan and an army of apes and elephants arrive in time to rout both the lion men and the lions, after which they return the ivory to the elephants' graveyard."] ['Jane\'s two cousins, Eric and Rita, arrive in Africa to tell Jane about a fortune left to her back in their world and to try and convince her to return with them. They are led to Tarzan\'s escarpment home by Captain Fry ([[John Buckler , a hunter with an agenda of his own. Jane convinces Tarzan to let her go back with Eric and Rita, promising that their separation will only be temporary. But Captain Fry  attempts to capture Tarzan to take him back to civilization so he can be put on public display, and actually succeeds in caging Tarzan. Fry\'s treachery includes making a deal with an unfriendly native tribe to give him food, canoes and protection for the journey back in exchange for his handing over Jane, Eric and Rita for "ju-ju" and taking away the greatest "ju-ju" – Tarzan. Fry\'s plan goes wrong when the natives capture Tarzan in his cage and all four white people are taken prisoner. Tarzan manages to escape with the help of elephants and Cheeta, and guides what\'s left of Fry\'s party through a cave passage filled with treacherous quicksands. Just before they exit the caves to safety, Tarzan forces Fry to go back the way they came as punishment for his betrayal. Fry starts to go back, then seizes a heavy branch to attack Tarzan, but before he can exit the cave he falls into a quicksand bog and is swallowed up. Rita and Eric tell Jane that it is not necessary for her to return with them and that she belongs with Tarzan. The film ends with Tarzan and Jane reunited at their treehouse.'] ["Bill Markham is an engineer who has moved to Brazil with his family to complete the construction of a large hydro-electric dam. The construction requires large areas of forest to be cleared, even more to be flooded. Its completion will bring more people to the areas who will clear the jungle for agriculture and living space. Markham takes his family to the edge of the forest for a picnic to show them the jungle. It is then that an Indian from one of the indigenous tribes known as the Invisible People notices his son, Tommy, aged seven, has bright green eyes the colour of the forest. The tribesman decides that it is unfair to leave the child with these strange people, who, in his opinion, are destroying the world. He abducts the child. Markham pursues them, but his son is gone. The story jumps ahead some ten years. The dam is nearing completion. Tommy, or Tommé as he is now called, has become part of the tribe that he lives with, adopting their language, culture and way of life. His father finds him but discovers that he is not the son he once had. Tommé's tribe is later threatened by another, as well as by the near completion of the dam. Markham decides to help his son so that the way of life he has adopted is not destroyed."] ['The film opens with a television documentary about a missing United States film crew, who disappeared on an expedition to the Amazon Basin to make a documentary about indigenous cannibal tribes. The team was Alan Yates, the director; Faye Daniels, his girlfriend and script girl; and two cameramen, Jack Anders and Mark Tomaso. Harold Monroe, a New York University anthropologist, has agreed to lead a rescue team and flies to the Amazon to meet his guides, Chaco and his assistant Miguel. The group has a hostage captured by the military from a local tribe called the Yacumo, and they use him to help negotiate with the natives. The team arranges his release in exchange for being taken to the Yacumo village. There the team initially meets hostility and learns that the film group had caused great unrest among the people. The next day, Monroe and his guides head deeper into the rainforest to locate two warring tribes, the Ya̧nomamö and the Shamatari. Following a group of Shamatari warriors to a riverbank, they intervene and save a smaller group of Ya̧nomamö from death in a conflict between the groups. The Ya̧nomamö invite Monroe and his team back to their village, where they are treated with suspicion. To gain the villagers\' trust, Monroe bathes naked in a river. A group of Ya̧nomamö women emerge to take him to a shrine, which he learns holds the bones of the missing American filmmakers. Angry, Monroe confronts the Ya̧nomamö, during which time he plays a tape recorder for them. Intrigued, the natives agree to trade it for the first team’s surviving reels of film during a cannibalistic ceremony, in which Monroe has to take part. Back in New York, executives of the Pan American Broadcast Company invite Monroe to host a broadcast of a documentary to be made from the recovered film. Monroe wants to see the raw footage first. The executives introduce him to Yates\' work by showing an excerpt from his previous documentary, The Last Road to Hell. One of the executives tells Monroe that Yates staged the scene to get more exciting footage. Monroe reviews the footage, which first follows the group’s trek through the jungle. They promptly spot a large turtle which they butcher and eat. Their guide, Felipe, is then bitten by a venomous snake. The group amputates Felipe\'s leg with a machete in an attempt to save his life, but he quickly dies and is left behind. The remaining four succeed in locating the Yacumo. Jack shoots one in the leg so they can easily follow him to the village. The second reel starts with the group\'s arrival at the Yacumo village. They force the entire tribe into a hut and burn it down in order to stage a scene for the film. Monroe expresses concerns over the staged scenes and poor treatment of the natives, but his worries are ignored. Monroe expresses his disgust to station executives about their decision to air the documentary. To convince them of his view, he shows the remaining, unedited footage, which only he has seen. The final two reels begin with the team locating a young Ya̧nomamö girl, whom the men gang-rape as Faye tries to stop them. Later, the team films the girl impaled on a wooden pole, where they claim the natives killed her. After they move on, the Ya̧nomamö attack the team in revenge for the girl\'s rape and death. Jack is hit by a spear, and Alan shoots him so the team can film how the natives mutilate his corpse. As the three try to escape the scene, Faye is captured. Alan insists they try to rescue her. Mark continues to film as she is raped and beheaded. The Ya̧nomamö immediately locate the last two as the footage ends with Alan\'s bloody face. Disturbed by what they just saw, the executives order the footage destroyed, and Monroe leaves the station and declares: "I wonder who the real cannibals are?"'] ['The plot of Welcome to the Jungle concerns two young couples who go to Southwest New Guinea from Fiji in order to find Michael Rockefeller, the son of New York Governor Nelson Rockefeller who disappeared back in 1961, and sell an interview with him to the tabloids for $1,000,000. After a close encounter with armed criminals and psychopathic border guards, and after finding evidence that suggests that Michael Rockefeller may still be alive, the group finally makes it to the jungle where Rockefeller was last seen. The group ventures deep into the jungle where they find two Christian missionaries and a middle-aged Australian man who warns the group not to disturb the tribes in the area or else they will be killed. However tensions rise between the two couples which ultimately attracts the attention of local bloodthirsty cannibalistic tribes who then stalk one of the young couples while they are on a makeshift boat in the river and then attack them when they made their way to shore. Meanwhile, the next morning the other couple realizes that most of their essential belongings are missing, and they fear that the other couple took their items and went on ahead to find and interview Rockefeller without them. They then decide to go find their friends but end up finding blood and bits of their clothing on the shore where they were kidnapped. Fearing for their welfare the two go deep into the jungle and later that day find the body of the woman of the other couple. Later that night they find half-eaten bodies of the Christian missionaries whom they met earlier and then find their male friend whose legs and arms have been eaten off; they decide to kill him and escape. After escaping from the cannibals, the young couple come across a seemingly friendlier non-cannibalistic tribe who invites them to their village and provides them with food to eat. The couple then talks about what they are going to do with their lives after they escape, but their conversation is cut short when the tribe who invited them knock the young couple unconscious and kill them while their portable camera carries on filming. Seconds later, an old man is seen walking away from the tribe. There is no information of who this old man could be, but there is a possibility that it could be Michael Rockefeller, who has been kept alive by the tribe since he was captured by them in 1961.'] ['Tarzan is called to India to save three hundred elephants that will be drowned if a dam is opened to create a man-made lake to power an electric plant. Tarzan is pitted against two engineers who ignore the catastrophic results their work will create.'] ['While investigating rumors of a mystical "healing earth" whose powers are said to flow forth from the sacred Gudjara Mountain, geologists Philip and Betsy Ames  are killed in a cave-in, leaving their young daughter Janet an orphan. Janet is adopted by Shaman, a woman of the native Zambouli tribe , and because of a prophecy about the cave-in  she is viewed as a child of the gods and renamed Sheena, Queen of the Jungle. As she grows up, Sheena  learns much from Shaman about the lore of the jungle and the ways of all its creatures. She is even entrusted with the secret of telepathic communication with the animals. Outsiders rarely disturb their territory, since that part of Tigora is under the special protection of King Jabalani .  But trouble is brewing in Tigora; the King\'s ex-football champion younger brother Prince Otwani ([[Trevor Thomas  is conspiring with his brother\'s fiancee, Countess Zanda , to have Jabalani assassinated so that they can exploit the titanium-rich Zambouli land. . Experiencing a vision foretelling the death of the King, the Shaman hastens to Tigora\'s capital of Azan to try to warn him, but is arrested by corrupt police officers working for Zanda. Otwani\'s old "friend," reporter Vic Casey ([[Ted Wass , and his cameraman Fletch Agronsky  are in Tigora to do a story on the former football player. When King Jabalani is killed and the Shaman is framed for it, Vic and Fletch realize they are on to a much bigger story than they had anticipated. Heading to a remote prison compound to interview the Shaman, they bear witness to her rescue by Sheena and her animal friends: "Chango," an elephant; "Marika," a zebra; and "Tiki," a chimpanzee. As they escape back into the jungle after destroying the prison, Vic and Fletch follow. Otwani obtains the services of Colonel Jorgensen  and his small army of soldier mercenaries, the Black Berets. Their mission is to eradicate the Zambouli people so their territory will be open for strip-mining. Vic must join forces with Sheena to stop the evil Prince and his army, and along the way, Vic and Sheena fall in love.'] ['An airplane crashes in the jungle, stranding passengers Gamage Dean , Diana Penrod , "Doodles" Fletcher , Carl Kraski , and Dick Penrod . Before the plane slides into a gorge the group is rescued by Tarzan , who undertakes to lead them back to civilization. Diana is kidnapped by warriors from Opar under Chief Ogonooro . The Oparians desire the strangers as sacrifices for their lion god. She is recovered by Tarzan and hunter Tusker Hawkins , whose advances Diana rebuffs. Secretly, however, Hawkins is in league with the Oparians, and plans to sell the castaways to the natives for a fortune in ivory. Tarzan, rightly suspecting Hawkins\' untrustworthiness, exposes his treachery. Now openly in league with the natives, the hunter helps them take the white party captive in Tarzan\'s absence. The ape man returns to save them before the sacrifice can take place, aided by his chimpanzee ally Cheeta, who sets fire to the native village. He then leads them to the safety of a nearby settlement. Hawkins meets his fate at the hands of the Oparians, to whom Tarzan has signaled his double-dealing by a creative use of jungle drums.'] ["Linda Randolph  looks for her husband on the island of Marado just east of Borneo. Although Linda is warned that Marado's jungles are “entirely too dangerous” for a woman, she persists through dangerous raft rides and wild crocodiles. She discovers that her husband is now the personal physician to the island’s enigmatic prince. The prince lusts for Linda, and a love triangle ensues."] ["After surviving their expedition to King Solomon's Mines, Allan and Jesse have settled down in colonial Africa. They are engaged to be married and Jesse plans that they will travel to America for the wedding. But Allan is restless. A man chased by two strange masked men emerges from the jungle, and is recognised as one of Quatermain's friends. He is delirious and is cared for by Jesse and Allan, but at night, his pursuers return and kill him. Before he died, he told Allan that his brother, supposedly lost, is alive, and that they have found the legendary 'Lost City of Gold'. Quatermain immediately starts preparing for an expedition to find his lost brother. Jesse is furious and stalks off, but then realises how important this is to Allan. Allan and Jesse are assisted by Umslopogaas, a fearless warrior, to put together an expedition. Swarma, a spiritual guru, and five Askari warriors, accompany them. The group crosses the Sahara desert; two Askari are lost when Swarma trips a trap that opens a pit under the road to the city. Another member of the party is lost when savage Esbowe warriors attack the group. Many spears get thrown at Quatermain and his friends, but Umslopogaas deflects most of them by with his giant axe. Quatermain and his friends indeed discover the city. The inhabitants, both black and white, are friendly, and Allan meets his brother Robeson, seemingly in good health and at peace in the society. The city boasts two queens - white and black - but the real leader is an evil High Priest, Agon, feared by all. Allan raises the population against Agon, who musters an army to recover the city by force. Allan realises that they can make all the weapons they need out of gold, which is mined by the population. The final battle ends when, atop the temple, the gold  flows off the side of the structure and pours over the attacking horde, turning Agon's army into gold statues. How this is possible is left unexplained."] ['Tarzan is summoned to an unnamed Asian country to protect Kashi , the youthful heir to the throne, from his evil uncle, Khan, played by Tarzan veteran Woody Strode. The first set of three challenges are for Tarzan to prove he is worthy to be accepted into Kashi\'s service. First is an archery contest to test his skill. Then Tarzan stands between two tall posts, grasps handles which are attached to two ropes which run over the top of each post and are attached to buffalo. When the buffalo are driven apart, Tarzan is lifted into the air and stretched to test his strength. He passes the test by not letting go of either handle. Third, he is asked to answer a question designed to test his wisdom. The second set of three challenges are for the young new leader, Kashi. First he must choose the correct diamond out of three. Second he must choose an empty goblet out of three. Last, he must choose one urn of ashes of the deceased previous leader out of five. After passing all three tests, Khan then comes forward and demands that Kashi take the fourth test of three challenges of life or death combat events called "The Challenge Of Might" which haven\'t been invoked in a thousand years. The boy chooses Tarzan as his defender, which Tarzan accepts. Tarzan and Khan battle each other in two of the challenge events of the fourth test which concludes with the third and final challenge event with each man fighting with swords on a wide mesh net suspended above large vats of boiling oil in which Khan dies by falling through the net into one of the boiling vats.'] ['Tarzan loses his hearing after a bomb blast, and is hunted through the jungle by the ruthless Colonel.'] ["When a hot-air balloon crashes on a remote and uncharted island, the crew discovers Dr. Frankenstein's descendant carrying on the family work, along with a race of mutants and a population of Amazons..."] ['Jean Preston  is determined to find her fiancée, Greg Jones , who went on a safari and didn’t come back when expected. She travels to Akbar, India with Greg’s father, Colonel Jones , Wayne Monroe  and the Professor . She asks about Jones at the front desk of the hotel where she stays. Although the clerk acts like he knows nothing of Jones, he immediately makes a suspicious phone call when the group leaves the lobby. While Jean unpacks in her room, a native woman named Tondra , who spied on the group in the hotel lobby earlier, knocks on the door. She tells Jean that her husband, Moya , spoke to her of a safari that suffered a tiger attack. Jean asks Tondra to speak to her husband. Although apprehensive to get her husband at first, she quickly fetches her husband when Jean greases her palm. Tondra returns with Moya, who recognizes Jones from a photo of Jean’s. He tells Jean that Jones traveled not with the doomed safari but with a group of ivory hunters that went to Africa. Before Moya can say more, someone shoots him with a pistol through Jean’s room window. The shooting upsets the unstable locals and the group leaves for Africa. They take a boat deep into the African jungle where they see abundant wildlife. Jean must convince Gary Lambert ([[Robert Lowery , who hates taking women on safaris, to be their guide. She knocks his socks off with her shooting skills with a gun. They also pick up famed safari cook, Gabby , who likes to recite poetry to his pet monkey and tells stories with belligerent verbosity, which he mistakes for skill. The Commissioner tells Lambert that Jones was on a mission to bust Ivory poachers and wants Lambert to do the same, which Lambert readily agrees. The rescue mission meets with turmoil and death. The mishaps the group experiences connect to an unknown saboteur among their ranks. A native man tells the group rumors of a group of white she-devils in the jungle that make their native guides skittish. The women came from a lifeboat from a shipwreck many years ago. If all that wasn’t bad enough, when Greg is found, it’s revealed he fell for the white she-devil queen, Zita , who doesn’t plan on giving him up.'] ['A native village is robbed, supposedly by natives. Before a man dies, he mentions the name "Slade". Black colouring is found on his hand so they know it is white people who did it, disguised as Africans. Tarzan arrives, remembering Slade from a year previously as a man who let three of his men die during a hunt for a rogue elephant and has a grudge against him. A woman  turns up, Sanchez\' latest woman, flying one of his planes. Later she buzzes Tarzan in his canoe, and crashes the plane so now Tarzan is stuck with her as he goes after Slade. Slade has 3 men and a girlfriend with him. He knows where a diamond mine is and has got his supplies for his trip by stealing them. Tensions run high amongst his men. Kruger is an ex-Nazi and a diamond expert. O\'Bannion is an Irish rebel, a drunk and a trouble maker who keeps hassling Dino till Dino decides to kill him but falls foul of a wild animal and quicksand. Tarzan and Angie lose their canoe but take an overland short cut where he fells some trees into the water to stop Slade\'s boat. Tarzan attacks them with arrows but they respond with  dynamite and Tarzan is injured. He later kills O\'Bannion but collapses, needing Angie\'s help. Angie is captured trying to get penicillin for Tarzan and the group continue in their boat. Tarzan recovers and follows them to the diamond mine. Toni  falls into a trap meant for Tarzan. In the cave, Kruger realizes that Slade is more interested in danger than diamonds and tries to kill him but is in turn killed. Slade then goes out to wait for Tarzan with his prepared weapon, a metal noose for garrotting him. There is a final fight between the two on a cliff top.'] ['A plane flying to Cape Town carrying a young couple and their baby, crashes in the jungle. Everyone on the plane dies, except for the baby who is rescued by Cheeta, Tarzan\'s chimpanzee. Tarzan and Jane adopt the child and name him "Boy". Five years later, a search party comes looking for Boy, because he is the heir to a fortune worth millions. Jane tries to help the search party to get Boy back to civilization, against Tarzan\'s wishes, but in the end Boy stays with Tarzan and Jane in the jungle.'] ['Michael Cromwell  is a self-absorbed, successful commodities broker living in New York City. Wanting to marry his new fiancée Charlotte , he needs to obtain a final divorce from his first wife, Patricia , who left him some years earlier. Patricia now lives with a semi-Westernised tribe in Canaima National Park, Venezuela. Michael travels there to get her signature on divorce papers, but upon arriving, discovers that he has a 13-year-old son named Mimi-Siku . Michael attempts to bond with Mimi-Siku in his brief stay with the tribe, and promises to take him to New York "when he is a man." Michael is also given a new name, Baboon, as is a custom in the tribe. That night, Mimi-Siku undergoes the traditional rite of passage of his tribe, who then consider him to be a man. The tribal elder gives Mimi a special task: to become a tribal leader one day. Mimi must bring fire from the Statue of Liberty, and looks forward to traveling with his father. Against his own protests, Michael brings Mimi-Siku to New York with him. Michael\'s fiancée, Charlotte, is less than pleased about the unexpected visitor in a loin cloth outfit, who tries to urinate in front of her at a fake tree , suggests eating her cat, and releases his enormous pet tarantula in her apartment. Mimi-Siku wears traditional dress during much of his stay in New York. As Michael attempts to adapt Mimi-Siku to city life, cross-cultural misunderstandings occur when Mimi-Siku reverts to customs considered acceptable by his tribe. On climbing the Statue of Liberty to reach the flame, Mimi-Siku is disappointed when he sees that the fire is not real. While staying at the home of Michael\'s partner, Richard Kempster , Mimi-Siku falls in love with Richard\'s daughter, Karen . He paints her face and gives her a new name, Oo-Ku-Mai, as is the custom in his tribe. Richard is unhappy about Mimi\'s presence in his home because of his influence over Karen and because he cooked and ate his prize-winning fish. Richard freaks out when he sees Mimi and Karen together in a hammock and threatens to send her to an all-girls summer camp. The Kempsters and Michael Cromwell are being targeted by Jovanovic , a Russian mobster and caviar dealer, who believes that they have cheated him in a business deal. Jovanovic arrives at the Kempsters\', intent on removing Richard\'s fingers in revenge. By fighting together and utilizing Mimi-Siku\'s hunting skills , the two families defeat the mobsters. Mimi-Siku returns to the Amazon jungle, but before he leaves, his father gives him a satellite phone so they can stay in touch. Michael also presents Mimi with a Statue of Liberty cigarette lighter, which produces fire from the torch and will fulfill Mimi\'s quest. In return, Mimi gives his father a blowpipe and poisoned darts, telling Michael to practice and come to see him when he can hit flies. Shortly afterwards, Michael finds himself disheartened by the rat-race and realises that his relationship with Charlotte is not working for him anymore. He attempts to kill a fly with his blowpipe on the trading floor of the New York Board of Trade. He hits the fly, but also his boss, who collapses asleep on the trading floor. Michael returns to Lipo-Lipo to see his son and ex-wife, bringing the Kempster family with him for a vacation. Karen and Mimi are reunited, and it is implied that Michael and Patricia also resume their relationship.'] ['The film begins with an animated introduction showing a plane crash in which George, then an infant, is lost in a jungle in "the Heart of Africa" . Over 25 years later, George  is a Tarzan-like man, the "King of the Jungle". His friends include a sophisticated talking gorilla named Ape , along with a toco toucan named Tookie, a small capuchin monkey named Little Monkey , and an African elephant named Shep, whom he calls his "dog" . The live action begins as heiress Ursula Stanhope  explores the jungle near George\'s home with the help of her guide, Mr. Kwame  and some native porters. She has traveled to Africa alone, but she is joined by her wealthy fiancé Lyle Van De Groot  who has found her with the help of Max and Thor , two dopey poachers who are posing as trackers. That evening, Mr. Kwame recounts the legend of the White Ape, said to be a huge, super-strong primate who rules the surrounding jungle. The next day, Lyle almost causes the death of one of the porters, and he abandons Ursula when the two of them are attacked by a lion. George saves Ursula and takes her to his treehouse home , and Lyle returns to the camp, claiming to have been attacked by the White Ape. While the exploration party searches for Ursula, George entertains her and teaches her to swing on vines. He also falls in love with her, so Ape advises him to woo her by making faces and beating his chest, as gorillas do. This fails to impress Ursula, but George wins her over with his charm, and they enjoy an evening of dancing around a campfire. On the third day, the explorers discover George\'s treehouse, Lyle accidentally discharge\'s his weapon and George gets shot in the arm  as George tries to prevent Max and Thor from shooting Ape with a tranquilizer gun. Seeing this happen, both Ape and Ursula scream in terror. While Lyle is arrested for the shooting , Ursula flies George to her home in San Francisco for medical treatment and buys clothes for him. George explores the city and saves a paraglider\'s life. With George\'s help, Ursula finds the courage to tell her parents that she no longer wants to marry Lyle, but her mother Beatrice Stanhope , who is intent on marrying her to a man of wealth and prestige, threatens George to give Ursula up or she would "remove his reason for wearing a loincloth". Meanwhile, Max and Thor  capture Ape, knowing that he can speak. Ape manages to send Tookie to San Francisco to ask George for help. When Tookie finds George, George returns to Africa to save Ape, and after realizing that she loves George, Ursula follows. George finds the poachers at the treehouse, with Ape in a cage, and he defeats them after an extended battle, with help from Ursula and his animal family. However, Lyle appears and it looks like that he is no longer in prison and has join a marriage cult. He kidnaps Ursula with help from several mercenaries associated with the cult. Lyle intends to marry himself to Ursula immediately. After escaping the mercenaries with help from his gorilla friends, George chases Lyle and Ursula as they float into some river rapids on a raft, then saves Ursula while Lyle enters a dark tunnel. After performing his wedding ceremony and exiting the tunnel, Lyle discovers that he has just married a gorilla. George and Ursula have their wedding and ride off on Shep. They have a son and show him to the land. A little later, during the ending credits, Ape abruptly interrupts the credits reveals to the audience on his fate : he becomes a big singing star in Las Vegas  He is seen singing the Frank Sinatra song " I Did It My Way", with Thor and Max as background staff ; they play as two coconut trees.'] ["{{Expand section}} A party from Hong Kong headed up by Johnny  are exploring the Indian side of the Himalayan mountains and discover the eponymous Peking Man, a gigantic ape-like creature, along with a beautiful blond barefoot wild woman named Samantha  whose parents had been killed in a plane crash. Samantha was raised by Utam  with nothing to wear but an animal-skin bikini. Like Tarzan, she has learned both to swing through the trees on vines and to communicate with and command the jungle animals, with the exception of a venomous snake who bites her on the inner thigh requiring the hero Johnny to suck out the poison while Samantha's leopard friend fights the snake. Shortly thereafter, they fall in love. Johnny and his partners bring Samantha and Utam to Hong Kong, where Utam goes on display to the incredulous public. While in Hong Kong, Samantha doesn't seem to prefer women's clothing and continues to wear her animal-skin bikini. Johnny, meanwhile, reconciles with the girlfriend whose romantic betrayal with his brother had been the impetus behind his sudden decision to explore the Himalayas. Samantha sees this and runs off nearly getting raped. Utam goes berserk and squashes the rapist. During Samantha's running, Utam ends up on a rampage. Utam then goes to the tallest building he can find , and climbs it. Danny and Samantha catch up to Utam and plan to get him out of Hong Kong and back to their jungle. Utam is burned/shot to death by several helicopters in a scene greatly reminiscent of the ending of King Kong, and falls off. Samantha is killed in an explosion during the conflict and Johnny receives what appears to be a very minor gunshot wound to the lower leg."] ["The film opens with flashbacks from Tarzan of the Apes to establish the back story. The African expedition led by Professor Porter  to find Tarzan , the ape-raised heir of Lord Greystoke, has been crowned with success, and Tarzan and Porter's daughter Jane  are in love. The party now prepares to return to civilization when it is attacked by natives and separated from the ape-man. Tarzan's paternal cousin William Cecil Clayton ([[Colin Kenny , the current Lord Greystoke, desiring to keep his wealth and title, reports having seen the savages kill Tarzan. Believing him dead, they leave without their charge. But Tarzan has in fact survived, and is eager to be reunited with Jane. Finding his new friends gone he swims out to another boat to follow. Eventually he reaches the United States, and is landed near the Porters' San Francisco, California ranch. Tarzan in civilization is like a bull in a china shop, as is demonstrated early in a destructive incident in a dance hall, where his prowess impresses La Belle Odine . Things get back on track when Jane is kidnapped by outlaws, presenting him with the opportunity to rescue her. Jane, however, is cold to him, as Clayton has falsely convinced her he is in love with the other woman. Heartbroken, Tarzan swears off civilization and returns to Africa. Belatedly learning the truth from Odine, Jane follows, and is happily reunited with her lover in the jungle."] ["Jeanne and Paul are a wealthy couple who were in Thailand helping to establish an orphanage when the 2004 tsunami leveled the island. Jeanne and Paul had a young son who disappeared in the storm, and since his body has never been found, Jeanne holds out hope that he might still be alive, a hope that becomes a desperate concern when she sees a video of children being held by kidnappers in Burma which shows a child who looks like her boy. Eager to find out the truth, Paul pays a hefty fee to local outlaw Mr. Gao to escort him and Jeanne into a forbidden zone known only to Thailand's criminal underclass near the Burmese border. Jeanne and Paul soon find themselves out of their depth in a strange land they do not understand where dangerous men commune with the spirits of the dead."] ['Circus workers land an airplane in the jungles of Africa in search of lions for their show. While trapping lions, the three men meet up with Tarzan , Jane  and their adopted son Boy . Watching Boy\'s tricks with the elephants, the head of the circus, Buck Rand , realizes that Boy would be a great act for the circus. The group is attacked by natives, and it appears that Tarzan and Jane have perished in a jungle fire. The men take Boy on a plane back to the United States. Tarzan\'s loyal chimp Cheeta wakes Tarzan and Jane before they are burned by the fire. Then Cheeta tells Tarzan that Boy has left with the men on the plane. Tarzan, Jane and the chimp track across the jungle and eventually end up in New York City where Tarzan is befuddled by the lifestyle and gadgetry of "civilization". Tarzan displays his quaint, "noble savage" ways by complaining about the necessity of wearing clothing, commenting that an opera singer that he hears on a "noisy box" is "Woman sick! Scream for witch doctor!", and expressing his childlike wonderment at taxi cabs. It is noteworthy that Tarzan comments that various African-Americans he sees making a living throughout New York City are from this or that tribe back in their jungle home. Tarzan and Jane attempt to get Boy back first by legal means. This leads to a moving sequence where the judge asks Tarzan what the fishing is like back in Africa and what he considers to be important things that he needs to teach his adopted son. Unfortunately, the circus retains an unscrupulous lawyer who tricks Jane into admitting that Boy was not born in the jungle and is not her actual child and provokes Tarzan into attacking him in the court room. Tarzan makes a daring escape out the courtroom windows and after a rooftop chase by the police ends up doing a high dive off the Brooklyn Bridge into the East River. Tarzan somehow finds the circus where Boy is being held and enlists the aid of circus elephants who are chained to stakes. He calls to them with his "jungle speak" and they take their revenge on their tormentors by tearing free from the chains and destroying the circus. In the ensuing bedlam, Tarzan is able to rescue Boy, and in the film\'s conclusion the judge grants Tarzan and Jane full custody of Boy before the family returns to Africa.'] ["Detective Hamilton Hornee and his team organize an expedition into mysterious Africa to search for Algona, heiress to her father's fortune. Algona happens to have become a magnificent blonde elephant-riding, goddess worshiped by the frightened tribe of the Meshpokas."] ["Joanna , a New Orleans woman, arrives at the South American cocoa plantation to meet her new husband, plantation owner Christopher Leiningen , whom she has married by proxy. Leiningen is cold and remote to her, rebuffing all her attempts to make friends with him. She's beautiful, independent, and arrives ready to be his stalwart helpmate; however, no one has told him she's a widow. He rejects her. As she awaits the boat to take her back to the United States, they learn that legions of army ants - the Marabunta - will strike in a few days' time. Leiningen refuses to give up the home he fought so hard to create. Instead of evacuating, he resolves to make a stand against this indomitable natural predator. Joanna joins the fight to save the plantation; their courage and his probable loss of all he's worked for may crack his resolve to send her away."] ["As a young orphan English boy being raised by gorillas in an African jungle, Tarzan  is worried that a fabled monster known as the Zugor  will someday attempt to capture him. He is disappointed that he can't run as quickly as the other young apes in his family, and his attempts to prove himself keep resulting in chaos. When an accident leaves his ape mother, Kala , thinking that Tarzan has died, the other apes feel that Tarzan has reached a fitting end. Tarzan believes it best for everyone involved if he runs away. Alone in the jungle, Tarzan gets pursued by Sabor the leopard right to a rocky place known as the Dark Mountain, inhabited by two hulking, spoiled gorilla brothers, Uto and Kago , and their controlling, over-protective Mama Gunda . But Uto and Kago fear the Zugor as much as Tarzan does, and when the booming call of the monster echoes through the valley, Tarzan is able to escape from them. He encounters a crotchety old gorilla who at first keeps the boy distant, but Tarzan discovers that this old gorilla actually is the Zugor, who uses hollow trees as megaphones to amplify his voice and pretend to be a monster to scare other jungle creatures away from his territory and food. Tarzan uses this discovery to force Zugor into letting the boy stay with him. Thanks to Tarzan's cheerfulness and helpfulness, Zugor begins to warm to him as Tarzan continues to try to figure out what he is. Tarzan's two best friends, Terk and Tantor  come looking for him, but Tarzan does not want to return home with them. It is only when Kala arrives and encounters trouble with Gunda, Uto, and Kago that Tarzan finally realizes what he is supposed to be: a Tarzan, with his own special tricks that no one else in the jungle can do. Terk and Tantor eventually rescue Tarzan and become best friends once again. Tarzan tells Kala that she was the right before, and that he is a part of his family. The film ends when Kala gives Tarzan a hug and tells him how proud she is of him for rescuing her from Uto and Kago, after which Mama Gunda punishes them for destroying Zugor's tree house and Terk and Tantor are finally reunited with Tarzan."] ["The Bantons (father, Abel  and four sons, Coy , Ethan , Johnny  and Martin  rob a pay office in a settlement, killing some people. Coy Banton is tracked down to their camp and taken away by a policeman, Wyntors ([[John Sullivan . Taking him back to town, Wyntors is killed as two of the brothers seek to rescue Coy. Tarzan appears and kills Ethan Banton. The other brother escapes. Tarzan decides to take Coy to Kairobi for the $5000 reward so he can give it to Wyntors' widow. However, no one in the town of Mantu  wants to help him. The boat he is waiting for to take him and his prisoner to Kairobi is ambushed by the Bantons, who send the passengers off and destroy the boat. Later that night Tarzan meets with the people from the boat and decides on an overland trek to take Coy Banton to Kairobi and agrees to take along, at first, the boat's mate, Tate ([[Earl Cameron , then reluctantly agrees to take the passengers of the boat: A business man named Ames  and his wife, Fay ; another man named Conway  and a young woman named Lori , who all share with Tarzan their own reasons for wanting to go to Kairobi. But Tarzan warns them the trek through the jungles would be hard and dangerous. The presence of so many people to watch out for hinders Tarzan. The Bantons threaten to kill anyone who helps Tarzan. Pausing only to shoot the doctor who has told them what they want to know, the Bantons set out after the party and Coy. Ames is a boastful windbag whose wife begins to detest him. Seeing this, Coy plays up to her, hoping he might be able to use her later. The party are captured by natives and the leader wants to kill Coy, who killed his brother when the Bantons raided their village. However, the chief's wife is having a difficult childbirth labor, and since Conway  is able to help her have her baby , the chief agrees to let the party go. Coy sees his chance and escapes. Thanks to Ames, Tate is shot and later dies. Tarzan again captures Coy and he hides them both in a quicksand pit as the other Bantons search for them. Later, Lori wanders off and is caught by Johnny Banton who attempts to have his way with her. As she screams, Tarzan comes to rescue her and, after a fight, Johnny dies from a shot in the face with his rifle while struggling with Tarzan and falls into a stream. Later, seeing his grave , Martin Banton has had enough of a father who taught them to steal and murder by age sixteen, and leaves him. Coy's wiles have paid off and Fay Ames releases him while the others sleep, and they leave camp together. Tarzan goes after them and finds Fay's scarf. Coy left her behind when she was out of breath and a lioness found her. Tarzan eventually comes on Coy and Abel Banton, and in a roving battle, a ricochet from Coy's rifle kills Abel. A prolonged battle on rocks, on sand and underwater follows before Tarzan finally knocks Coy out. The film ends with Tarzan and the remaining three people  handing Coy over to the Kairobi police on the border and instructs Conway to make sure Wyntor's widow gets the reward money."] ["Hank  and his wife Madeleine  live contentedly with their wild animals: four tiger cubs, two elephants and 110 tigers, lions, leopards and cheetahs. All is peace and tranquility until one terrible day when two mercenary game hunters are viciously mauled. As the lions and tigers fight for supremacy, Hank and his family, terrified of the danger they now face, seek refuge in their ranch house. Their only means of escape is blocked by the now savage pets they once loved. At the end they all live peacefully. Hank's intention is that only humans can live with the wild animals without interrupting the laws of nature."] ['In 1896, Sir Robert Beaumont ([[Tom Wilkinson , the primary financier of a railroad project in Tsavo, Kenya, is furious because the project is running behind schedule. He seeks out the expertise of John Henry Patterson , a military engineer, to get the project back on track. Patterson travels by train to Tsavo, where he meets supervisors Angus Starling  and Samuel , a native African , and the doctor, David Hawthorne . Hawthorne tells Patterson of a recent lion attack. That night, Patterson kills an approaching lion with one shot, earning the respect of the workmen. The project gets back on schedule. However, not long afterwards Mahina , the construction foreman, is dragged from his tent in the middle of the night. His half-eaten body is found the next morning. Patterson then attempts a second night-time lion hunt, but the next morning another worker is found dead at the opposite end of the camp from Patterson\'s position. Patterson\'s only comfort now is the letters he receives from his wife. Soon, while the workers are gathering wood and building firepits around the tents, a lion attacks the camp in the middle of the day and while Patterson, Starling and Samuel are tracking the lion to one end of the camp as it feeds on a worker, another one surprises them when it jumps down from the roof of a building, surprising the men as it kills Sterling by slashing his throat and injuring Patterson, who attempts to kill them, but they both escape. Samuel explains that there has never been a pair of man-eaters before because they are always alone. The men, led by Abdullah , begin to turn on Patterson due to the lion attacks. The men dub the lions "the Ghost and the Darkness" because of their notorious methods of attack. Work is stopped on the bridge to fight the lions. Beaumont visits the camp and tells Patterson he will ruin his reputation should the bridge not be built on time. He tells Patterson he will contact the famous hunter Charles Remington  to help. All of Patterson\'s attempts to kill the lions have failed at this point. Later, Remington arrives with skilled Maasai warriors to help kill the lions. Their initial attempt fails when a gun Patterson borrowed from Dr. Hawthorne misfires. The warriors decide to leave, but Remington offers to stay to help Patterson. Remington builds a new hospital for all the lion victims, and attempts to draw the lions to the old one by covering it with animal parts. The lions, however, outsmart Remington and attack the new hospital, killing many patients and Hawthorne. Abdullah and the rest of the men soon leave, leaving Patterson, Remington, and Samuel alone with the lions. Patterson and Remington eventually locate the lions\' lair where they find the bones of dozens of the lions\' victims. That night, Remington kills one of the lions by using Patterson and a baboon as bait. The next morning, Patterson finds the remaining lion has dragged Remington from his tent and killed him; Patterson cremates his body on an open pyre where he died. Grief-stricken over Remington\'s death and now desperate to end the bloodshed, Patterson decides to burn the tall grass surrounding the camp in order to drive the lion towards the camp where he hopes to ambush it. Patterson and Samuel are soon attacked by the beast on the partially constructed bridge. After a long fight, Patterson kills the lion outside of camp. Abdullah and the men return, and the bridge is completed on time. The film ends with a narration by Samuel, where he says the lions are now on display at the Field Museum in Chicago, Illinois, and that even today "if you dare lock eyes with them, you will be afraid."'] ["Diana Emerson  is in the book department of Klopper's Department store looking for a copy of the book Dark Safari, written by the famed explorer Cuddleford. Buzz Johnson  overhears Diana saying that she will pay $2,500 for a map that is inside that book. He devises a plan to pass off his friend Stanley Livington  as a great explorer who accompanied Cuddleford on the expedition described in the book. With claims that he can reproduce the map, the two men go to Diana's home that very night. They agree to accompany her on an African expedition, and when Bud overhears that Clyde Beatty has been offered $20,000 to lead the expedition, he feels that the map is worth considerably more than $2,500. They travel to Africa, along with Diana's team of explorers, including Harry , 'Boots' Wilson , 'Grappler' McCoy ([[Max Baer  and Gunner , a nearsighted professional hunter. The boys learn that the true expedition is for diamonds rather than exploration, and Buzz plans to renegotiate the deal. Unfortunately Stanley cannot reproduce the map, as he has never seen it, and the two attempt to bluff their way around the jungle. Eventually the entire expeditionary team arrives at a cannibal village, where the chief offers several diamonds in exchange for Stanley . They start to chase Stanley all over the place, while Buzz buries the diamonds before the tribal warriors are finally frightened away by a large gorilla . Meanwhile, another gorilla has dug up the diamonds that Buzz has hidden. Some time after returning to the United States, Stanley owns the department store, along with the gorilla, and Buzz works for them as the elevator operator.<ref name | titleJim Mulholland | publisher181–185 | year}}"] ["Augustus Vinero  is a wealthy international criminal known for his habit of sending explosive wristwatches or necklaces to those not in his favor. When he hears of Ramel , a small boy who may know the location of the fabled Valley of Gold in Mexico, he sends a death squad of plainclothes mercenaries which destroys the farmhouse  where Ramel is being sheltered. Prior to his murder, the head of the farmhouse summoned his old friend Tarzan to track the kidnappers and rescue the boy. Aware of Tarzan's arrival, Vinero uses one of his assassins to impersonate a taxi driver to meet Tarzan at the airport. Tarzan is driven to an ambush in an empty stadium. After the driver is killed, Tarzan kills the sniper by crushing him with a giant Coca-Cola bottle used in the stadium for advertising. When meeting the local authorities, Tarzan is offered troops, technology and weapons for his mission. Tarzan turns them down in favor of his own equipment-a chimpanzee scout, a lion named Major, his weapons of a hunting knife and longbow and his uniform of a loincloth. Meanwhile Vinero and his private army are being led to the lost city by Ramel. Vinero's uniformed private army is well equipped with American World War II small arms, an M3 Stuart light tank, an M3 Half-track and a Bell 47 helicopter. Along the way, Tarzan rescues Sophia Renault , Vinero's mistress who attempted to help Ramel, only to be rewarded with an exploding necklace that Tarzan removes. Tarzan and Major kill Vinero's plainclothes mercenaries, and Tarzan, using a captured M1919 Browning machine gun  and bag of Mk 2 grenades, brings down the helicopter attacking them. Tarzan truthfully informs Vinero of his exploits and losses to Vinero's forces on the deceased party's radio, and that Vinero is next in line for similar treatment unless he releases the boy. Ignoring Tarzan's warning, Vinero's army, led by Ramel, have discovered the entrance to the Valley of Gold through a cave. Losing time, they build a wider path in able to bring their vehicles to the valley. Upon arrival in the peaceful city, Vinero demands all the gold in the city and provides motivation by having his tank shell the buildings which kills several of the city's inhabitants. All the gold is brought to Vinero who has his troops load the half track up with the items. However, the Chief of the village says there is only one more piece of gold that the greedy Vinero demands. Tracking Vinero's army to the cave entrance to the lost city, Tarzan further demonstrates his expertise in weaponry by wiping out Vinero's rear guard ambush party by crushing them with stalactites hanging over them which he shoots down with a captured M1918 Browning Automatic Rifle. Tarzan then kills the tank driver who is watching the rest of the army load the gold onto the halftrack. Tarzan eliminates the remainder of the army by expertly using the cannon of the tank on the halftrack and the army. Meanwhile the Chief has led Vinero to an empty room holding only one golden ornament on a wall. As Vinero eagerly attempts to pull it off the wall the door shuts and is sealed and the ceiling releases enough gold dust to fill the room and smother Vinero. The finale involves Tarzan battling Vinero's hulking Oddjob-type henchman, Mr. Train , in unarmed combat to the death."] ['Jungle Jim battles evil ivory poachers, mutant giants, stock footage, and cheap sets with the help of a pretty anthropologist and his cute chimp Tamba.'] ['Brian Sweeney "Fitzcarraldo" Fitzgerald  is a European living in Iquitos, a small city in Peru in the early part of the 20th century. He has an indomitable spirit, but in essence is little more than a dreamer with one major failure already behind him — the bankrupted and incomplete Trans-Andean railways. A lover of opera and a great fan of the famous tenor Enrico Caruso, he now dreams of building an opera house in Iquitos. This will require considerable amounts of money, and the most profitable industry in Peru at the time is rubber. The areas known to contain rubber trees have been parceled up by the Peruvian government and are leased for exploitation. Fitzcarraldo investigates getting into the rubber business. He is shown a map by a helpful rubber baron, who points out the only remaining unclaimed parcel in the area. He explains why no one has yet claimed the parcel: while it straddles the Ucayali River, the parcel is cut off from the Amazon by a treacherous set of rapids. However, Fitzcarraldo notices that the Pachitea River, another Amazon tributary, comes within several hundred meters to the Ucayali upstream of the parcel.In reality, however, the Pachitea is a tributary of the Ucayali, not a third river, and they meet nearly 500 kilometers south of Iquitos. The real map looks nothing like the one Fitzcarraldo draws for Orinoco Paul. To make his dream a reality, he leases the inaccessible parcel from the government. With the selfless underwriting of his paramour, Molly , a successful brothel owner, he buys a steamer  from the same rubber baron, raises a crew and sets off up the Pachitea, the parallel river. This river is known to be more dangerous the farther one gets from the Amazon because of the unfriendly tribes that inhabit the area. Fitzcarraldo\'s plan is to reach the point where the two rivers nearly meet and then, with the manpower of enlisted natives, physically pull his three-story, 320-ton steamer over the muddy 40° hillside across a portage, from one river to the next.<ref name Blank, Les | year  English captions of documentary Burden of Dreams from 1:11:25 to 1:12:40 | work  http://www.cswap.com/1982/Burden_of_Dreams/cap/en/25fps/a/01_11 | archiveurl  2006-11-01 | quote  Les Blank }} Using the steamer, he will then collect rubber on the upper Ucayali and bring it down the Pachitea to market. The majority of the ship\'s crew, at first unaware of Fitzcarraldo\'s plan, abandon the expedition soon after entering the territory of the natives, leaving him with only the captain, engineer, and cook. However, the natives are impressed by him and his ship, becoming his labor force without really understanding his intentions. After a devastating first attempt, the ship is successfully pulled over the mountain with a complex system of pulleys, worked by the natives and aided by the ship\'s engine. However, when the crew falls asleep after a drunken celebration, the chief of the natives severs the rope securing the ship to the shore, sending it floating down the river and crashing through the rapids. His reasoning for this is to appease the river gods, who would otherwise be angered that Fitzcarraldo defied nature by circumventing them. Though the ship manages to traverse the rapids without major damage, they find themselves back in Iquitos with nothing to show for it. A despondent Fitzcarraldo sells the ship back to the rubber baron, but first sends the captain on one last voyage. He returns with the entire cast of the opera house, including Caruso. The entire city comes to the shore as Fitzcarraldo, standing atop the ship, proudly displays the cast. The 1982 book Fitzcarraldo: The Original Story from Fjord Press  reproduces Herzog\'s first version of the story before the screenplay was written.'] ["Several plot elements bring the characters together in search  of the Guatemalan idol known as The Green Goddess: Tarzan's friend D'Arnot has crash landed in the region and is in the hands of a lost tribe of jungle natives. Major Martling is leading an expedition to find the fabled artefact for a powerful explosives formula hidden within it. Ula Vale's fiancé died in an earlier expedition to rescue the artefact for its archaeological benefit and so she starts one of her own in his honour. Raglan has been sent by Hiram Powers, Ula's lawyer, to steal the valuable idol for himself - in addition to containing the explosives formula, it also holds a fortune in jewels.Tarzan, Ula and Major Martling find the idol and rescue D'Arnot from the natives that worship it in the 70-minute-long first episode. However, Raglan escapes with the Green Goddess and heads through the jungle for the coast. Tarzan and the others pursue him across the jungle, encountering many perils, including recapture by the natives to whom the idol belonged. The adventures end out at sea where, during a hurricane, they are able to permanently secure the idol while Raglan is killed by another of Powers' agents because of his failures. The murderer perishes when the ship sinks. Returning to Greystoke Manor in England with Tarzan, Ula consigns the explosives formula to fire in the final episode, where she and Tarzan also recount several adventures from the first part of the serial to an assembled party of friends and colleagues."] ["Keng , is a soldier assigned to a post in a small city in rural Thailand. The troops' main duties, it seems, is to investigate the mysterious slaying of cattle at local farms. While in the field one day, Keng meets Tong . Later, Keng sees Tong riding in a truck in town. The two men have made a connection and embark on a romance, taking trips in the countryside. Then one night, the country boy wanders off into the dark. The film's narrative abruptly shifts to a different story, about a soldier  sent alone into the woods to find a lost villager. In the woods, the soldier encounters the spirit of a tiger shaman , who taunts and bedevils the soldier, causing him to run through the woods and become lost and isolated himself."] ['A team of researchers sets off into a island of Borneo to search for a "blood orchid", a flower they believe can be used as a type of fountain of youth. Though the team\'s guide, Bill Johnson ([[Johnny Messner  has misgivings about which path to take, Jack Byron  bribes him to take the path he doesn\'t think is safe. The team ends up going over a waterfall and having to wade through the river. A giant anaconda emerges from the water and swallows Dr. Ben Douglas  whole, while the rest of the team escapes the river. Bill attempts to assure them that it was the largest snake he\'s ever seen and that it should take weeks\' for it to grow hungry again, however most of the team demands that the expedition be called off. The team decide to travel to Bill\'s friend, John Livingston ([[Andy Anderson  who lives on the river to see if he can borrow his boat and his whale. While traveling to the boat, Bill tells Sam Rogers  about Jack bribing him into taking the unsafe route. Along the way, Bill finds an infestation of leeches on Cole\'s  back and burns all of them with his lighter while Tran Wu  finds a poisonous spider in Gordon Mitchell\'s  shoe. Jack decides to take the spider along for further study and then everyone resumes the journey to the boat. However, Livingston is killed by another anaconda and his boat crashes into the riverbank. The team sees an explosion and finds the boat wrecked and are disappointed for losing their chance for escape from the jungle and find only a few essentials for their quest. While continuing their journey, they find Livingston\'s chewed up corpse. Bill realizes that it must be mating season, which means all of the male anacondas come out of their territories to find the nearest female in its mating pit. The team find themselves in a small native village consisting of thatched huts where a disemboweled anaconda with a pair of human legs hanging out of the snake\'s abdomen is displayed. The team speculates that the snakes are unusually large in size because their lives have been extended through the orchids, which are a part of the local food chain. Jack says that since they must be close to the orchids, they should press on. However the others contend that there is no evidence that the orchids will have the same effect on humans and still want to leave, so they start building an escape raft. Meanwhile, Gordon discovers that Jack had secretly obtained Livingston\'s private case containing a radio and a gun and realizes he could have called for help long ago. When Jack is unable to convince him to allow the expedition to continue, he paralyzes him using the spider. As Jack joins the others at the raft, Sam discovers a paralyzed Gordon and notices the spider bite on his arm. While Sam was interrogating Jack about what he had done to Gordon, an anaconda drops down from the rafters and swallows Gordon alive soon after she leaves the building. The others arrive just as it finishes, so Bill sets the building on fire. Jack uses the commotion to steal the raft. With no more material to make another raft, they decide to bushwack through the jungle to beat Jack to the orchids and get back their raft. On the way they fall into a cave trying to escape an anaconda. Cole gets lost and panics after finding a skeleton. He runs into Tran. Together they make their way back to the others. Along the way, Tran falls through a hole in the cave floor. Unable to escape, he is eaten by an anaconda underwater. The terrified Cole manage to make their way back to the team, escaping the caves behind them seconds ahead of the snake. It follows them through the hole, and attacks them. Sam uses a machete to behead the snake, but Cole is captured by another giant anaconda. The team follows and find him being constricted, but still alive. Bill throws his knife and impales the snake through the head, killing it and freeing Cole. The group finds the raft just as Jack finds the blood orchids, hanging precariously above a pit in which a ball of male anacondas are mating with the female. Jack shoots Bill in the arm, and forces the party to accompany him to the orchids. He has Sam cross the pit via a thin log to fill a backpack with orchids. As she makes her way back, the log starts to crack. Jack orders her to throw him the backpack, but Sam counters to threaten to drop the flowers into the pit unless he drops the gun. The log breaks and she falls, landing halfway down the pit. As the others help her climb out, Jack tries to get the backpack. The spider he used to paralyze Gordon escapes its jar and bites him. Jack falls into the pit and is devoured, as Sam and the others escape. The female anaconda notices them, but Gail Stern  tricks it into biting their fuel container. Bill tries to shoot the container, but the gun is empty. Cole shoots it with a flare, causing a chain reaction that kills the snakes, along with all the blood orchids as well. Bill, Sam, Cole, Gail, and Bill\'s pet monkey Kong make it back to the raft and leave. As they set off with their raft, Bill suggests another shortcut, but the others suggest that they won\'t take the shortcut.'] ['Lieutenant A.K. Waters  and his U.S. Navy SEAL detachment are sent by Captain Bill Rhodes  to Nigeria to extract a "critical persona", one Dr. Lena Fiore Kendricks , a U.S. citizen by marriage. Their secondary mission is to extract the Mission Priest and two Nuns. The mission begins as planned. Waters tells Dr. Kendricks of the company of rebel soldiers closing on her hospital and the mission, and that the team\'s orders are to extract U.S. personnel; however, Kendricks refuses to leave without the patients. Waters calls Captain Rhodes for options; after their short and ambiguous conversation, he concedes to Dr. Kendricks that they will take those refugees able to walk. She begins assembling the able-bodied for the twelve-kilometre hike; the priest and the nuns stay behind to take care of the injured. Irritated and behind schedule, the team and the refugees leave the hospital mission after daybreak. At nightfall they take a short break. Guerrilla rebels rapidly approach their position, and Waters stealthily kills a straggling rebel. Dr. Kendricks warns Waters that the rebels are going to the mission, but he is determined to carry out his orders, and they continue to the extraction point. When they arrive, Waters\' initial plan becomes clear: the SEALs suddenly turn away the refugees from the waiting helicopter. Waters forces Dr. Kendricks into the helicopter, leaving the refugees stranded in the jungle, unprotected against the rebels. En route to the aircraft carrier, they fly over the original mission compound, seeing it destroyed and all its occupants murdered, as Dr. Kendricks had predicted. Remorseful, Waters orders the pilot to return to the refugees. He then loads as many refugees as he can into the helicopter instead and decides to escort the remaining refugees to the Cameroon border. During the hike to the border, using satellite scans, they discover the rebels are somehow tracking them. As they escape and evade the rebels, the team enters a village whose inhabitants are being raped, tortured, and massacred by rebel soldiers. Aware of having the opportunity to stop it, Waters orders the team to take down the rebels. The team is emotionally affected by the atrocities they see the rebels have committed against the villagers. Again en route, Slo  determines that a refugee is transmitting a signal allowing the rebels to locate them. The search for the transmitter reveals the presence of Arthur Azuka , surviving son of deposed President Samuel Azuka, which they realize is the reason the rebels are hunting them. Samuel Azuka was not only the president of the country, but also the tribal king of the Igbo. As the only surviving member of this royal bloodline, Arthur is the only person left with a legitimate claim to the leadership of Nigeria. A newer refugee picked up during the trek is discovered with the transmitter on his person. He attempts to run but is shot. Waters is angry at Dr. Kendricks, because she knew all along about Arthur, yet never informed him. The team decides to continue escorting the refugees to Cameroon, regardless of the cost. A fire fight ensues when the rebels finally catch up with the SEALs, who decideto stay behind as rearguard to buy the refugees enough time to reach the border safely. Zee  calls the Harry S. Truman for air support; two F/A-18A Hornets take off and head for the fire fight. The rebels kill Slo, Flea, Lake, and Silk. Waters, Red, Zee and Doc are wounded, but direct the fighter pilots on where to attack. Arthur and Dr. Kendricks are scrambling to the Cameroon border gate when they hear the fighters approach and bomb the entire rebel force. Waters, Zee, Doc , and Red  rise from the grass as Navy helicopters land in Cameroon, opposite the Nigerian border fence gate. Captain Rhodes arrives and orders the gate open, letting in the SEALs and the refugees. A detail of U.S. Marines then escort the SEALs to some helicopters. Captain Rhodes promises Waters that he will recover the bodies of his men. Dr. Kendricks says farewell to friends and flies away in the same helicopter with Waters. The finale shows the refugees recognizing Arthur Azuka as tribal chief and bearer of his father\'s democratic dreams for Nigeria. He raises his arm exclaiming "Freedom!" as everyone celebrates around him. Edmund Burke\'s quote "The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing" serves as the film\'s epilogue.'] ['Dr. John Meredith, ashamed at the crime spree of his twin, Bradley, travels with his daughter, Nyoka, to Africa. There his skills as a doctor displace Shamba, the resident Witch Doctor of the Masamba. Years later, Slick Latimer and Bradley Meredith arrive looking for a local diamond mine and team up with the disgruntled Shamba. Bradley kills his brother John and takes his place. Fortunately, they also brought along Jack Stanton and Curly Rogers, who promptly join Nyoka in trying to stop the villains.'] ['Beck  is a "retrieval expert", a bounty hunter, and after capturing a man in a club brawl wishes to get out of the business. He tells his boss, Walker  that he wants out, and his boss gives him one last job, head down to South America and get his son Travis . When Beck arrives in the town El Dorado  he meets Travis in the local bar. Travis doesn\'t want to go home, as he is close to discovering the "El Gato de Diablo" . Beck doesn\'t care, handcuffs him and begins to leave. They run into Hatcher  while leaving. Hatcher rules the town with an iron fist, forcing all the townsfolk to work for him for pennies as there is no other work in the area. Hatcher wants the Gato, as it could be worth a lot of money, and tries to take Travis. Beck easily defeats Hatcher\'s goons and begins to head back to the airfield. Travis forces the jeep off the road and the two are thrown down a mountain. Travis attempts to escape while Beck is disoriented, but he easily catches him and the two begin walking to the airfield. After an encounter with some local animals, the two run into the local resistance. At the resistance encampment, Travis convinces the Rebels that Beck works for Hatcher and was sent to kill them all. After a prolonged fight, with Beck eventually gaining the upper hand, the rebel leader Mariana  ends the fight. She wants Travis, as the Gato can be used to ensure the locals can free themselves from Hatcher. Hatcher suddenly attacks the camp, killing many rebels. Beck agrees the help Travis and Mariana find the Gato, in exchange for taking Travis home. After some searching, Travis leads them to a cave behind a waterfall. The cave is booby trapped and this causes a cave in. The group move quickly and Travis grabs the Gato as they all flee the collapsing cave. As the three are celebrating finding the Gato, Mariana chastises Travis as she knows all he wanted to do was sell the artifact, Travis argues back that he actually did want to give it to a museum. Mariana gives the two men Konlobos, a toxic fruit that paralyzes the eater. As she tells Beck which direction the airfield is, she leaves them with the fire to keep the animals away. After waking up able to move, Beck hauls Travis to the airfield. The local pilot tells Beck that Mariana was captured earlier by Hatcher, and will probably be killed. Travis pleads Beck to help, and the two head into town to rescue her. Using a cow stampede for cover, the two begin their assault on Hatcher\'s goons. Travis becomes trapped by gunfire in a bus, leading to Beck resorting to firearms, something he had previously said he is against, revealing he is a expert marksmen and easily dispatches many of Hatchers men. Hatcher tells his main guard to take Mariana and the Gato and flee, but they are stopped by Travis, who takes the Gato and leaves. Hatcher confronts Beck, but Beck grabs a gun and shoots Hatcher\'s from his hand. Hatcher is then confronted by the townspeople, and is shot and killed as he tries to leave. Travis reveals he didn\'t leave, gives the Gato to Mariana and the two of them leave as the villagers celebrate. Back in the U.S., Travis is delivered to his dad, who begins to verbally and physically abuse him. Beck comes in and asks to celebrate and gives Walker and his men Konlobos. As they are paralyzed, Beck and Travis leave, with Travis beginning to immediately annoy Beck.'] ['U.S. Army Captain and special operations veteran Benjamin L. Willard  has returned from action to Saigon where he drinks heavily and destroys his hotel room. Intelligence officers Lieutenant General Corman  and Colonel Lucas  approach him with an assignment: Willard must follow the Nung River into the remote Cambodian jungle, find rogue U.S. Army Special Forces Colonel Walter E. Kurtz  and kill him. Kurtz apparently went insane and now commands his own Montagnard troops inside neutral Cambodia. Willard joins a U.S. Navy PBR commanded by Chief Petty Officer George "Chief" Phillips ([[Albert Hall  and crewmen Lance Johnson , Jay "Chef" Hicks  and Tyrone "Mr. Clean" Miller . For escort they rendezvous with reckless Lieutenant Colonel Bill Kilgore , who commands a squadron of attack helicopters. Initially scoffing at them, Kilgore befriends Johnson as both are keen surfers. When Willard suggests the Viet Cong-filled coastal mouth of the Nung River, Kilgore accepts due to the surfing conditions there. After napalm strikes and Ride of the Valkyries playing over the chopper loudspeakers, the beach is taken and Kilgore orders others to surf it amid enemy fire. While Kilgore nostalgically regales everyone about a previous strike, Willard gathers his men to the PBR, which had been transported from a helicopter. Willard sifts through files of Kurtz, learning he was a model officer and possible future general, a top soldier in the field. Navigating upstream, the crew encounters a tiger and later visit a supply depot USO show featuring Playboy Playmates. The crew search a civilian sampan they come across, but Mr. Clean snaps and kills almost all on board, while Willard coldly shoots an injured survivor to prevent any delay of his mission. On reaching a US outpost at a bridge under constant attack, Willard is informed that a Captain Colby  was sent to find Kurtz, but is now missing. Lance and Chef are continually under the influence of drugs and Lance becomes withdrawn, smearing his face with camouflage paint. The next day the boat is fired upon by an unseen enemy in the trees, killing Mr. Clean and turning Chief hostile toward Willard. Later, they are ambushed again, by Montagnard warriors. They return fire and Chief is impaled with a spear, who then tries to kill Willard by pulling him onto it, but dies from his wound. Afterwards, Willard confides in the remaining Chef and Lance about his mission, and they reluctantly agree to continue upriver where they see the coastline is littered with bodies. Arriving at Kurtz\'s outpost, Willard takes Lance with him to the village, leaving Chef behind with orders to call an airstrike on the village if he does not return. In the camp, the two men are met by a manic freelance photographer , who explains that Kurtz\'s great philosophical skills inspire his people to follow him. As they proceed, they see bodies and severed heads scattered about the nearby temple that serves as Kurtz\'s living quarters, and encounter the missing Captain Colby, who is nearly catatonic. Willard is brought before Kurtz in the darkened temple, where Kurtz derides him as an errand boy. Meanwhile Chef calls in the airstrike but is kidnapped. Bound to a post, Willard screams helplessly as Kurtz drops Chef\'s severed head into his lap. After some time, Willard is released and given the freedom of the compound. Kurtz lectures him on his theories of war, humanity and civilization while praising the ruthlessness and dedication of the Viet Cong. He asks Willard to tell his son everything about him in the event of his death. That night, as the villagers ceremonially slaughter a water buffalo, Willard enters Kurtz\'s chamber as Kurtz is making a recording, and attacks him with a machete. Lying mortally wounded on the ground, Kurtz whispers his final words "The horror ... the horror ..." before dying. Willard descends the stairs from Kurtz\'s chamber and drops his weapon. The villagers do likewise and allow Willard to take Lance by the hand and lead him to the boat. The two of them sail away as airstrikes are launched on the village and Kurtz\'s final words echo.In some, but not all, prints of the film, the closing credits play over footage of Kurtz\'s temple-base exploding; some viewers interpreted this as an air strike called in by Willard. Because this was not Coppola\'s intention, after the film\'s original general release he replaced this footage with a plain black screen.'] ["Tarzan is called to Brazil by an old friend, The Professor  to help stop the Jaguar Cult, led by Barcuma , from running off Dr. Ann Philips  who is there to give much-needed inoculations to native villagers along the Amazon River. Tarzan is assisted by Baron  and Cheeta , both of whom he brought from Africa, as well as Captain Sam Bishop , a riverboat pilot, and Bishop's young ward, Pepe ."] ["The idyllic jungle life of Tarzan , Jane  and Tartu  is interrupted by a drum message telling them of predatory hunters loose in the jungle. Tarzan disrupts the animal-collecting expedition of the hunters, Schroeder  and Rene ; he frees a baby elephant whose mother they have killed and then leads the elephant herd against them when they make hostages of Tartu and Cheeta the chimp. Afterwards he warns off two other hunters, Sikes  and Lapin , seeking to plunder the lost city of Zarbo. He is attacked by their men, but escapes and shadows their party. Aware of Tarzan's continued presence, the hunters capture his native friend Tyana , and trap the ape man when he tries to free him. Tyana's tribe rescues the two. Finally, the hunters reach Zarbo, but find it empty of both people and treasure. In a final conflict, Tarzan overcomes the villains, who are then turned over to the authorities by the natives."] ['A pair of Americans, Lewis Moon and Wolf, become stranded in Mãe de Deus , an outpost in the deep Brazilian Amazon River basin, after their plane runs out of fuel. The local police commander wants the Niaruna tribe, living upriver, to move their village so they won\'t be killed by gold miners moving into the area and cause trouble for him with the provincial government. The commander cuts a deal with Moon: if he and his fellow mercenary would bomb the Niaruna village from the air and drive them away, they will be given enough gasoline for their airplane to be allowed to leave. Born-again Christian evangelist  Martin Quarrier and his wife Hazel arrive with their son Billy, here to spread the Christian gospel to the primitive Niaruna indigenous natives. They arrive in Mãe de Deus to meet fellow missionaries Leslie and Andy Huben, who live with a civilized Niaruna helper. In town, they meet a Catholic priest who wants to re-establish a mission to the Niarunas, as the former missionary was killed by them. Moon and Wolf leave in their plane to attack the Niaruna. But upon seeing the community with his own eyes as well as an Indian firing an arrow at the plane, Moon has second thoughts. The plane returns to Mãe de Deus. That night, after a discussion with Wolf, Quarrier and the priest, Moon takes an Indian drug and becomes hallucinatory. He takes off alone in his plane and parachutes into the Niaruna village. Moon, a half-Native American Cheyenne, aligns himself with the Niarunas. He is accepted as "Kisu-Mu", one of the Niaruna gods, and begins to adapt to Niaruna life and culture. The four evangelicals travel upriver to establish their mission. Indians originally converted by the Catholics turn up, awaiting the arrival of the Niaruna. Eventually they do come and accept the gifts that the Quarriers offer, not staying long. Young Billy dies of blackwater fever , causing Hazel to lose her sanity. She is returned to Mãe de Deus. Martin becomes despondent, arguing with Leslie and gradually losing his faith. Moon encounters Andy swimming nude. After they kiss, Moon catches her cold. He returns to the Niaruna camp and inadvertently infects everyone there. Much of the tribe becomes sick. Moon and the tribe\'s leaders go to the missionary Leslie to beg for drugs. Leslie refuses, but Martin agrees to provide the drugs. He travels to the Niaruna village with the missionaries\' young helper. In the village, after Martin speaks with Moon, helicopters arrive to begin bombing. Martin survives the bombing, but is killed by his civilized helper soon thereafter. Moon is exposed not as a god but as a man. He runs, ending up alone.'] ['Jungle Jitters opens to a scene of an African jungle showing the natives going about their day, with the jungle elements being intertwined with modern-day elements; for example, the people dancing around a tent when it turns into a makeshift merry-go-round, to the tune of The Merry-Go-Round Broke Down which has since become the longtime Looney Tunes theme song. A traveling salesman  comes by to offer them the latest in "assorted useful, useless, utensils." The natives capture him, throw him into a pot of boiling water, and ransack his goods. They proceed to familiarize themselves with vacuum cleaners, batteries, light bulbs, etc. When the salesman is introduced to the village queen , she takes a liking to him, imagining the cartoon dog as none other than Clark Gable and Robert Taylor. The salesman finds himself with the choice between a forced marriage with the homely queen, or the boiling pot of water. He chooses the pot.'] ["Eleanor Reed  accompanies her parents, Roger and Penny , and Nevin Potter , her fiance, on an expedition to Africa to capture wild animals to sell to a zoo. Ben Alleu Bey  spots Eleanor and wishes her to become the one hundredth wife in his harem. When she refuses, he follows their safari. Both groups are followed closely by Tarzan, who releases the animals and woos Eleanor away from both Nevin and Bey. When Nevin discovers that Eleanor plans to remain behind with Tarzan, he attempts to kill him, but only grazes his shoulder with a round fired at close range. Tarzan attacks Nevin, but releases him at Eleanor's behest. As the Reeds' ship sails down the river, Tarzan and Eleanor go for a swim."] ['Due to a shortage of animals in American zoos following World War II, Tanya Rawlins , a big-game "huntress," Carl Marley ([[John Warburton , her financial backer and Paul Weir , a cruel trail boss, are given permission by King Farrod , to capture a male and female of each species of animal on his land. In a subplot, Oziri , nephew to King Farrod, colludes with Weir to allow him to trap more animals than bargained for. He also has Weir\'s men kill King Farrod and his son, Prince Suli , in order for him to take over the throne. Farrod is shot in the back and killed, and Suli is thrown into a pit full of crocodiles, but, unknown to all watching, he lands on a hidden ledge and is knocked unconscious. Boy  trades two lion cubs to the trappers for a flashlight. When Tarzan  finds out, he returns the flashlight, retrieves the cubs, and calls all the animals from King Farrod\'s land across the river to his part of the jungle. When the hunters begin trapping on his side of the river, Tarzan and Boy sneak into their camp at night, take their guns and hide them in a cave behind a waterfall. They then begin to systematically release all the trapped animals from their cages. Cheeta inadvertently reveals the location of the cache of weapons to Rawlins and her safari. Prince Suli is able to make his way through the jungle, and is found by Tarzan. Tarzan, Boy and a herd of elephants defeat both the usurping nephew and the huntress, but the latter escapes on board a plane.'] ["The film begins with shadowy images on a wall showing a man being attacked by what appears to be a woman. He produces a needle from his pocket and administers its contents to his assailant. She falls to the ground, apparently dead. The scene shifts to the coroner’s inquest into the death of Paula Dupree , allegedly at the hands of Dr. Carl Fletcher . Induced to reluctantly tell his story by the coroner  and district attorney , Flether admits that he killed Paula. Yet, he also offers that there is more to the tale than what is on the surface. Via flashbacks, it is learned that Fletcher was present on the opening night of the Whipple Circus and witnessed Cheela the Gorilla's heroic act that saved the life of Fred Mason . After her supposed demise, the doctor acquires the body of the beast. He detects a heartbeat, and revives the animal. Fascinated by the creature, he purchases the late Dr. Walters’ estate, hoping to find the records of his experiments. Apparently having no need of more glandular material or another brain, Cheela returns to human form. She is at first unable to speak and Fletcher diagnoses her condition as being due to shock. However, upon the arrival of his daughter Joan  and her fiancée Bob Whitney , the girl suddenly becomes verbal identifying herself as Paula. Enamored with Bob, Paula’s jealous streak resurfaces. During a moonlight canoe ride, an unseen attacker capsizes Joan and Bob. Discussing the episode with Dr. Fletcher, they believe that one of the other patients Willie  is responsible. Unbeknownst to them, Willie has already paid the supreme price for his constant harassment of Paula. Later, meeting with Bob in private, Paula shows him bruises on her shoulder, injuries she claims were inflicted by Dr. Fletcher. Meanwhile, the caretaker for the estate has made the doctor aware of the vicious killing of his dog and a flock of chickens. Armed with the broken lock to the henhouse, Dr. Fletcher confiscates Paula’s perfume bottle as well. After he returns to his study, Paula makes an attempt on his life. Just as he pushes her to the floor, Bob enters the room. Misunderstanding what he has seen, he takes Paula to another doctor for an examination. Dr. Fletcher has the lock and perfume bottle analyzed by a fingerprint expert, learning that although different in size, the prints do indeed match. He is now convinced that Paula and Cheela are one and the same. Bob has Paula examined by Dr. Meredith , who does detect mental instability and extreme physical strength. When told she is already under the care of a doctor, he admonishes the young man to return her at once to her attending physician. Arriving back at Crestview, Dr. Fletcher is met with the news that Willie’s mangled body has been found. He confides in Joan what he knows about Paula, and expresses his concern for Bob. Paula and Bob return as well, and the latter finally tells her that he is going to marry Joan, which visibly angers her. Joan rushes to meet him as Paula disappears in the shadows. Learning the truth about the girl, he sends his fiancée to her cabin while he goes to the aid Dr. Fletcher. After a search of Paula’s room fails, Dr. Fletcher tells Bob to check the rest of the house. Brandishing a hypodermic needle filled with a sedative, the physician heads outside to continue his search. Paula pursues Joan through the woods to the cottage. Attempting to gain entrance, she hears the approaching Dr. Fletcher. She attacks him, and in the struggle, he accidentally administers a fatal overdose. The flashbacks conclude and the D.A. expresses his disbelief. The Coroner parades the group, including the jury, to the morgue to re-examine the body of Paula Dupree. She is found to have reverted in death to the form of a half-human, half-ape monster. Dr. Fletcher is exonerated."] 