['Gabe Ryan  is released from reform school and it taken to a new house by his sister Joy  to start a new life where no one knows of his past. However, Gabe immediately joins a local gang, the Beale Street Termites, where he meets up with William Kroner , a local gangster. William accuses him of starting a fire at one of his properties, and Alfred Martino , the actual arsonist, uses this opportunity to frame Gabe for any fire. He decides to torch one of his apartment complexes so that he can collect the insurance money. Unfortunately, one of the kids, Sleepy  is killed in the fire. Patrick Remson , the Assistant District Attorney, tries to prove Gabe\'s innocence. His motives are not only to prove Gabe\'s innocence, but also to get closer to his sister. Joy has devoted her life to helping Gabe and neglects her other interests, which was rallying against city government corruption, which pleases Martino. However, it is all for naught as Gabe is found guilty and sentenced to prison. The other boys, led by Billy , decide to do something to help Gabe. Billy runs for "boy mayor" and wins. He has Kroner arrested for a small infraction and sends him to jail. While there, Billy and the rest of the gang interrogate him and try to make him admit that Gabe is innocent. He does not cave in, that is until he is shown proof that his accomplices, Martino and the fire chief, are planning to skip the country. He confesses and Martino and the chief are arrested and sent to prison.'] ["Lin Hsiao-yang , tries to keep her family together while working as a waitress at Kentucky Fried Chicken and going to night school. Her mother and older brother are dead. Her father  works out of town. It's up to Lin Hsiao-yang to take care of her pre-teen sister, who has already begun to steal, and a brother  who is a burglar and gang member.<ref namehttp://www.nytimes.com/1988/09/30/movies/rootless-in-americanized-taiwan.html?sec |titleCanby |firstSeptember 30, 1988 |publisherJune 8, 2009}}"] ["The movie opens with a young boy setting fire to newspapers in the basement. His name is Mikey and he has a younger sister, Beth, whom he blames for the fire when his mother admonishes Mikey. When Mikey is disciplined by his foster mother for starting the fire, he responds by causing Beth to drown in the pool, electrocuting his foster mother while she is in the bath, and killing his foster father with a baseball bat. Mikey avoids suspicion because he is only nine and he tells the police that an intruder killed the family. Detective Reynolds is assigned to the case and he does not suspect Mikey. A psychiatrist recommends that Mikey get fostered as soon as possible. His foster mother's sister is put forward as a prospective foster carer, but she does not want anything to do with Mikey. She states that he was adopted and that it was suspected that he was abused by members of his family. She does not present as somebody who is overly interested in taking care of a young child. He is then sent to a new family, Neil and Rachel Trenton, who do not know anything about Mikey's past. Mikey presents himself as an amiable and loving child. For example, when he first meets his foster parents he asks, 'Are you going to be my new mommy and daddy?' At first, he does not behave as if he is disturbed and he exhibits caring behaviour towards his new mother's fish. He also manifests behaviour which is not out of the ordinary in his desire to succeed in a game which his class at school plays. Mikey then falls in love with his best friend's older sister, Jessie. She, however, is not interested in him as she is 15 years older than Mikey and is dating a young man named David. In an attempt to make Jessie love him, he electrocutes David while he is in a jacuzzi. After this fails, Mikey kills his foster father, his foster mother, and his teacher with a slingshot and ball bearings, the school's principal and  Jessie. To avoid being blamed, Mikey fakes his own death using a skeleton of a boy the same age as him. The skeleton was located in one of Mikey's classrooms at school. Jessie is told by the authorities that Mikey is dead. By the end of the movie, Mikey goes under the name Josh and is adopted by another family."] ['A small town troublemaker , directionless and alienated, ends up spending a night in a jail cell, where he and the police chief ([[William Sadler  engage in a battle of wills and wit. The soundtrack featured a compilation of Chicago-based Post-Rock artists, among them Tortoise, The Sea and Cake and John McEntire. It was released on Hefty Records, a label owned and operated by John Hughes III, the son of Reach the Rock screenwriter John Hughes. The film gets its title from a song, by the band Havana 3am.'] ['Josh  is a high school guy who lives with adoptive parents and is involved in little crimes with his friends, including young lesbian Bella . Suddenly his elder brother Walter  comes out of the blue after leaving home 10 years ago when he was 18 and not being heard of all those years. Walter starts to involve Josh in various new criminal activities, including robbery.'] ['Teenager Jackie Knowles  drives a getaway car in a robbery. He is captured and sentenced to serve three years in a borstal institution run by a sympathetic governor . He befriends Alfie  and Bill .'] ['{{Plot}} Three young men arrive at Borstal by prison van: Carlin, who has taken the blame for his brother\'s theft of scrap metal; Angel for stealing a car; and Davis, sent here after escaping from an open institution. All three are allocated to their rooms; Angel and Davis sent to private rooms, and Carlin sent to a dormitory. Carlin wants to keep a low profile, having been transferred for assaulting a warder. He meets and befriends Archer, an eccentric and intellectual inmate intent on using non-violent means to cause as much of a nuisance to the staff as possible, and is informed his reputation is already known; Banks, the current "Daddy"  is seeking Carlin for a fight. Carlin struggles to settle into the dormitory, and after having watched the timid and bullied Davis be attacked by Banks, is eventually beaten by Banks and his friends in an unprovoked attack. Carlin eventually gets his revenge on Banks. In the film\'s iconic scene, he uses a makeshift cosh from a long sock with two snooker balls inside to beat Banks\'s crony, then confronts Banks in the bathroom and replaces him as the “Daddy” of the ward. Carlin later acquires power over the adjacent wing of the borstal by administering a vicious beating to the adjacent wing\'s Daddy. Life improves for the inmates under Carlin, with victimisation of younger, weaker prisoners prevented, along with racially-motivated violence. Carlin gains status with the warders. He persuades them to move him from the dormitory to a single cell in return for an agreement to be responsible in his status as a "natural leader". Goodyear offers Carlin a position of leadership in the borstal to help him develop his leadership skills. Davis is framed for theft by Eckersley and placed on report. Carlin advises Davis to avoid them; but Davis is subsequently gang-raped. This is seen by a warder who merely smiles at the rape. Davis slips into despair, and kills himself when he slashes himself in his cell at night. Whilst bleeding to death, he presses the button in his cell for help, but is ignored by warder Greaves. Davis’ suicide causes mass hysteria within the prison, with the inmates refusing to eat their food at dinner. Carlin initiates a full-scale riot in the dinner hall. The boys are shown being dragged unconscious into solitary confinement. The Borstal\'s Governor later informs them the damage to the dinner hall will be repaid through lost earnings. The film ends with The Governor declaring a minute\'s silent prayer for Davis and Toyne.'] ['{{plot}} The film, told almost exclusively through Andre\'s video camera, begins with the introduction of Andre Kriegman and Calvin Gabriel announcing their intention to assault their high school, calling their plan "Zero Day". They keep a video diary on the camera, carefully hiding this from their friends and families. The majority of the film depicts the boys planning, preparing, and explaining some of their motives. There are also unrelated scenes such as the boys at a party, egging the house of someone they dislike, and Cal going to the prom while Andre works at a pizza place. In one video entry, Cal notes where the name "Zero Day" came from: Cal and Andre originally planned to attack on the first day that had a temperature of zero degrees once they were ready. However, this plan soon proved impractical, and May 1st, 2001 was set as the new date. Wanting their attack to have a memorable name, however, Cal and Andre agreed to keep the original plan\'s title. The final scenes of the movie show the boys arriving at school on May 1 and preparing their weapons in Andre\'s car. Andre confides that he could never have carried out Zero Day without Cal\'s help, a sentiment Cal echoes. They then run into the school, armed with three pistols , an M1 Carbine, a 12-gauge pump action shotgun, and at least twenty pipe bombs. The entire shooting is shown through the eyes of security cameras. Making their way through the school, Andre and Cal eventually watch law enforcement arriving in large numbers outside. After arguing over whether or not to shoot at the police, Andre and Cal decide to count to three, then shoot themselves. The next scene is set on May 10, nine days after the shooting. A group of youths film themselves going to a park where memorial crosses have been set up. The youths reveal that Andre and Cal killed 12 students and themselves. They find Andre and Cal\'s crosses and set them on fire before running back to the car. The last scene shows the two crosses on fire before cutting to the credits.'] ["New Jersey Drive opens with Jason  heading off to juvenile detention then unfolds in flashback as, chronologically, the incidents leading to his arrest surface one by one. First the audience sees the violent and poverty-ridden project where he chooses to hang out at; next his go-nowhere delinquent friends are introduced, as is their hobby: joy riding. Soon some of the teens, including Jason, begin to convert their hobby into a part-time job as they steal cars and sell them to a sleazy chop-shop owner for pennies on the dollar. Eventually they are caught in a police sting and one boy, Ronnie Lambs , is shot by the crooked Officer Emil Roscoe  and other police officers. They begin to run for cover and they end up at Ronnie's house whose relatives take him to the hospital. Jason informs his friends that the police ambushed them but he refuses to come forward and report the crime. One night while walking home, Jason is pulled over by the police. While he is being held in the back of a police car, he is approached by Officer Roscoe. Roscoe warns Jason not to tell a soul and he punches Jason in the eye as a warning to stay away from grand juries. Jason's mother tries to steer him away from a life of crime but he continues to hang out with his friends from the neighborhood who are involved in the street life. After becoming fed up with his mother and her boyfriend's home rules, Jason leaves their house and moves into Midget's apartment in the projects. One day, Jason and his friends are relaxing on the strip and a car drives past. Jason's sister, Jackie, and a friend of hers are in the back seat of a stolen vehicle. Jason pulls her out of the vehicle and sends her home. Officer Roscoe drives down the street, greets the guys and calls for backup. Midget says a few words and then throws a 40-ounce bottle at the windshield of Officer Roscoe's vehicle. As the boys run their separate ways, Jason and Midget are approached by two cops one being a female police officer. She questions them since they are minors drinking alcohol and fit the description of the suspects they were looking for. Midget insults the female officer for calling for backup while Jason pours out the liquor bottle. She rips the bag Midget was carrying and the boys take off running with police in pursuit. The police lose Jason but catch up to Midget. They corner him near the back of an apartment building and they beat him senseless whilst taking turns. Some time later, Midget awakens from the beating, grabs his 40-ounce of malt liquor and Jason catches up with him. Midget gets hold of a gun and he points it a police squad car from the roof top of a housing project building. Midget immediately fires two shots and the crew flee the scene. Later that day, after visiting a crooked chop shop owner, Midget robs a man for his Lexus in a grocery store parking lot. Jason who is in the previous vehicle was unaware of Midget's actions and the both of them speed away in their separate vehicles. Jason later confronts Midget for not telling him about his actions while Midget is seen feeding his elderly grandmother. Meanwhile, Roscoe is looking at a video camera which caught Jason at the scene of the robbery at the grocery store which now makes him a suspect. Next, Jackie is seen hanging out in the parking lot in the housing projects with a crowd of Jason's peers who are car thieves. Jason confronts Jackie once again and Richie tries to intervene. Jason tells Richie to stay out of it but a friend of Richie's instigates the argument to a point where Richie hits Jason in the face. Jason responds by beating Richie up in front of everybody until a group of guys  break up the fight. After that, the police go to Jason's mother's home in search of him but she informs the police that he is not home. Jason's mother drives around in search of Jason and then she tells Jason  that the police are on the hunt for him. Jason and Midget return to Midget's home only to find the police are waiting in the hallway. Jason runs while Midget stays put. As Jason is walking down the street, Richie pulls up in a vehicle. As he calls for Jason, Jason ignores him. Richie pulls out a gun and chases after Jason. Jason was able to get away unharmed. Later he is taunted by his friends for almost getting murdered on the street by Richie. Jason repels his friends of their ignorance which could have been resulted in his death by the hands of Richie. The crew drive around the city until night time. As they ponder upon a red SUV, the two guys Jason was with try to steal the vehicle while Jason watches. It appears that their carjacking attempt is taking too long as the car alarm goes off. Suddenly, the car alarm goes off by a beep and the police surround the carjackers. Jason is arrested, Midget successfully gets away and the other teen car-jacker tries to drive away in reverse from the police who fatally shoot him, later describing the shooting as self-defence by claiming that the carjacker tried to overrun a policeman. Jason has realized that his luck has finally ran out as he and his friends are caught on video tape committing the crime. The neighborhood residents are later seen outraged and protesting the police for shooting a teenage carjacker as the emergency medics try to revive him. The scene returns to the present as Jason is currently doing time at a juvenile hall. While washing clothes, he gets into an argument with another inmate who has a vendetta against his friend Midget. As Jason is sitting watching the news, it is revealed that the officers involved in the shooting of Ronnie Lambs have been suspended from active duty and Officer Roscoe has been brought up on criminal charges. Jason is released from jail and receives a ride by his female friend. She takes him to his old stumping grounds which is Avon St. and he sees Midget with his friends. Apparently, Midget  came to visit Jason while he was in jail. Midget and Jason have a long talk and it appears that the neighborhood is changing for the worse and that Midget suggests that Jason figure out what he wants to do with his life. Later that evening, Jason and his female friend begin to have a talk while sitting in her mother's car and then suddenly they are carjacked at gun-point by the men who had an argument with Jason when he was incarcerated. Midget and his crew arrive on the scene to try to figure out what happened but Jason has grown tired of the street life. Midget and Jason get into an argument and Midget informs Jason that this is how life on the streets are. Later on, a police dispatcher performs a voiceover during events in which it is revealed that Midget and a few friends who were joyriding in a stolen van die in an accident during a police chase. The next scene shows Jason walking down the street with a bookbag on his way to school while a group of kids drive past him joyriding. The final scene features Jason sitting in a classroom earning his education and reflecting on the past."] ['Village of the Giants takes place in fictional Hainesville, California. After crashing their car into a roadblock during a rainstorm, a group of partying, big-city teenagers  first indulge in a vigorous, playful mud-wrestling fight, then hike their way into town. Fred remembers meeting a girl from Hainesville named Nancy, and they decide to look her up. Nancy, meanwhile, is with her boyfriend Mike, while her younger brother "Genius" plays with his chemistry set in the basement. Genius accidentally creates a substance he names "Goop", that causes animals, including a pair of ducks, to grow to gigantic size. The out-of-town teens break into the local theater and clean up from the rain, then go to a nearby club where The Beau Brummels are performing. Shortly, the giant ducks turn up, followed by Mike and Nancy. Everyone is astounded by the size of the ducks, wondering how they got so big. Mike explains that it\'s a secret, but following a suggestion made by their friends Horsey and Red, they host a picnic in the town square the next day, roasting the ducks and feeding everybody. Freddy Cannon is featured singing a song in this scene. Fred and his friends also see potential in whatever made the ducks grow, but their minds are purely on profit. They scheme to learn the secret, and are ultimately successful, escaping with a sample. Back at the theater, the gang argues over what to do with the Goop, now that they have it. Feeling peer pressure, Fred slices up the Goop, giving everyone a piece each, which they consume a moment later. As the Goop takes effect, they each grow to over thirty feet tall, ripping right out of their clothes. At first everyone is shocked and regretful, but realizing their newfound power at their new size, the gang decide to take over the town. Overnight, the giants decide to isolate Hainesville from the rest of the world. They rip out the telephone lines, overturn broadcasting antennas, and block the remaining roads out of town. When the sheriff and Mike arrive to deal with them, they discover that the giants have no plans to leave &ndash; and are literally holding the sheriff\'s daughter, as "insurance" that they won\'t have any trouble. While the town\'s adults seem paralyzed, the teens decide to fight back. An attempt to capture Fred results in Nancy being taken hostage. Meanwhile, Genius continues to work, trying to produce more Goop. Mike asks Genius to forget the Goop for awhile, and make them a supply of ether –\xa0having noticed the giants only leave one guard on the hostages, Mike and Horsey plot to subdue that guard, recover the guns, and free Nancy and the sheriff\'s daughter. Having led the giants outside the theater, Mike plays David to Fred\'s Goliath, to distract them while Horsey and the others effect the rescue. Genius\' newest attempt at Goop results in an antidote. He rides over to the square on a bicycle with a pail full of the fuming antidote. As the giants breathe in the fumes, they all return to normal. Mike cold-cocks the surprised Fred, and promptly runs him and his friends, looking silly in their now-oversized clothes, out of town.'] ['Pablo and Meca, two young urban delinquents, live from day to day by a series of robberies, mostly car thefts. During one such robbery, the car’s owner catches the two in the act. They roll up the windows and lock the doors to prevent intrusion. Helplessly trapped inside the troublesome vehicle by a mob that has now closed in around them, the pair forces a clear path through the crowd by brandishing a gun, before making their escape into the street. However, the stolen car only proves to be the first step in a more elaborate scheme. Spotting an attractive waitress named Ángela at a local cafeteria, Pablo is immediately captivated by the receptive  young woman, who soon becomes his lover, promising to stay together always. Pablo teaches Ángela to shoot a gun and, subsequently, inducts her into their gang after an afternoon of makeshift target shooting. The gang now consists of four members: Pablo, Meca, Ángela, and Sebastian or "Sebas". Sebas has joined the group to help in a series of more ambitious thefts, but he is initially unhappy with the presence of a girl in the band. Pablo, with Meca’s support, assures him that Ángela can hold her own. In the first robbery, that of a factory office on the outskirts of Madrid, Ángela, disguised as a boy with a mustache, serves as a lookout. In the second holdup, she shoots one of the guards who has fired at the gang’s car. At the conclusion of each of these robberies, Meca brings the getaway car, usually a stolen one, to a deserted area and set it ablaze. He stands by the side of the fire and enjoys viewing the flames. Alternately spending their idle time at discothèques and video arcades, acting on their impulsive whims, and succumbing to the intoxication of drug use, the emboldened quartet begins to stage an ever-escalating series of hold-ups throughout the city. Their share of the money from the two successful robberies enables Ángela and Pablo to buy a new apartment on the outskirts of the city. It is from this location that the gang plans a third robbery, the assault on a branch bank in one of the more congested middle-class neighborhoods of Madrid. During this robbery, Sebas kills one of the guards and is, in turn, gunned down outside the bank by a squad of police who have surrounded the area. Pablo, Meca, and Ángela manage to make a getaway, but Pablo has been seriously wounded and is bleeding profusely. Ángela brings him back to the apartment to nurse him while Meca disposes of the getaway car in the usual manner. However, the black cloud of smoke attracts a police helicopter and Meca is killed as he resists arrest. Understanding the seriousness of Pablo’s wound, Ángela calls a doctor who, upon arriving at the apartment, confirms the gravity of Pablo’s condition. He has been shot in the liver and must be brought to a hospital if he is to survive. Refusing, she offers him a large bundle of cash if he will treat Pablo right there. Taking the money in his black satchel, the physician promises to return shortly with instruments for surgery. Hours pass, but the doctor does not come back. Pablo, who remains unconscious, lies immobile on the bed. He stops breathing while Ángela sits in the darkened room staring at him. When she realizes he is dead, she fills her own duffel bag with the remaining money from the robbery and walks of the apartment. She disappears into the shadows of the approaching night walking towards the city.'] ['The story takes place at St. Mark\'s, a Catholic boarding school for girls. One day, a young student, Elizabeth, is studying in a classroom on the third floor, when without warning, she is attacked by unseen evil forces. One of St. Mark\'s priests, Father Drake, attempts to save Elizabeth from the apparently demonic aggressor, but he quickly proves to be powerless against it, and the girl vanishes without a trace. The school is immediately shut down, and all of the students are removed from campus by worried families. Five years later, the school reopens. A harsh headmistress, Miss Pearce, rules the girls with an iron fist; Father Drake remains at the school as a teacher, but because of the disappearance of Elizabeth he has become a drunkard, found by Miss Pearce at a bar. Five troubled and unwanted girls are left by their families at the school: Alex, Mara, Cecilia — who is blind, Leah, and Connie. The girls are strictly forbidden to go to the third floor . Cecilia and Mara enter the third floor, prompting Miss Pearce to punish the responsible party. Alex takes the blame and is severely beaten with a ruler. Alex begins to have visions of Elizabeth being possessed by a demon. Other strange things begin to happen, revealing that all five of the girls possess supernatural gifts. Connie is a "conduit," or a magnet for spirit activity, Leah can pass through objects , Cecilia has "second sight" or what the viewer could interpret as ESP, Mara can heal recent wounds , and Alex has telekinesis. It is revealed that Miss Pearce has brought the girls to the school for a very specific reason and is seen conjuring them to a pentagram on the third floor, after which Connie appears to be possessed. A possessed Connie then attempts to drown Leah and the demon passes into her while Connie falls dead. Leah/Legion  goes to confront Father Drake, revealing the name of the demon: Legion. They argue, Father Drake attempts to exorcise her, and Leah uses her new found demon powers to stab him with gold crucifixes. Alex, Mara, and Cecilia have been reading Elizabeth\'s journal  and have learned enough about Legion to know that they need to escape. They split up to search for the others, Mara finding Father Drake, Alex finding Connie, and Cecilia running into the demon. After a prolonged fight where Cecilia is severely bloodied and Leah\'s head is smashed in with a book, Legion moves on to Cecilia and grants her "first sight." Terrified, Mara and Alex try to flee, but Ms. Pearce locks them in and breaks Mara\'s healing hand. It is revealed that she is Elizabeth\'s sister, trying to save her from Legion. Mara and Alex then hole up in the bedroom and use Connie\'s spellbook to create a protective circle. Cecilia/Legion finds them and while cannot initially penetrate the circle, uses her own blood to cover over the lines and then possesses Mara. Miss Pearce is in another part of the building, chanting and Elizabeth\'s body slowly begins to appear before vanishing again. Mara is chasing Alex, who gets stabbed in the stomach. Miss Pearce begs Legion to let Elizabeth go, but they state that they only have 4 girls and the deal was for 5. Alex then uses her own powers of telekinesis to force Legion out of Mara and into Miss Pearce before ramming the demon\'s head through a crucifix. Mara and Alex collapse and presumably several hours later, Mara awakes and heals herself, but is unable to heal Alex in time. She begins to leave and encounters Virgil . Elizabeth comes running down the stairs, whole and alive, and greets him as father . He is happy and excited, until a bloody Miss Pearce grabs him by the throat and transfers Legion to him. Elizabeth screams and cries as the film ends.'] ["After a police round up of street children Pixote is sent to a juvenile reformatory . The prison is a hellish school where Pixote uses glue sniffing as a means of emotional escape from the constant threats of abuse and rape. It soon becomes clear that the young criminals are only pawns in the criminal, sadistic games of the prison guards and their commander. When a boy dies of physical abuse by the guards, they frame the lover of the transgendered effeminate boy known as Lilica , for the murder. This lover then conveniently also dies, with some help from the guards. Soon after, Pixote, Lilica and her new lover Dito  find an opportunity to flee from the prison. First they stay at the apartment of Cristal , a former lover of Lilica, but when tensions arise they go to Rio for a cocaine drug deal; there, however, they get duped by a showgirl. After some time bumming around the city, Pixote and his friends go to a club for another drug deal. While there, Pixote finds the showgirl that took their drugs and stabs her. They become pimps for the prostitute Sueli who is definitely past her prime and is possibly ill from a botched abortion. The group conspires to rob her johns, but when Lilica's lover Dito falls for Sueli, Lillica leaves. The robbery scheme fails when an American john fights back  so they have to shoot him. In the ensuing fight, Pixote accidentally shoots and kills Dito as well. Pixote tries to gain comfort from Sueli, treating her as a mother figure, but she rejects him. He leaves and is seen walking down a railway line, gun in hand, away from the camera, his figure disappearing in the distance, out of the film's view."] ['Although the plot summary here is divided into two acts, and the film was originally intended to have two acts, it was finally decided that it would work better without an intermission, in order to increase the tension in the plot.  The film opens in the streets of Manhattan in the late summer of 1957. There is a mounting tension set to music  between a white American gang, the Jets, led by Riff Lorton , and a rival gang of Puerto Rican immigrants, the Sharks, led by Bernardo Nuñez . The Jets harass the Sharks and vice versa, culminating in a free-for-all throughout the streets. Eventually, the Sharks catch the youngest member of the Jets, Baby John  on the playground. As they begin to "bloody" him, all the other Jets and Sharks rush in and start brawling. Soon, Lieutenant Schrank  and Officer Krupke  arrive and break up the melee. Schrank orders the Sharks off the playground and the Jets "to make nice with them Puerto Ricans" or there\'ll be a price to pay. Once Schrank and Krupke are gone, the Jets discuss challenging the Sharks to an all out rumble that will decide who gets control of the streets. They decide to deliver the challenge to the Sharks at a dance later that night, because it is neutral territory. Riff also explains to the Jets that they have seen other gangs  come and go, but the Jet members state that the Sharks are different compared to the other gangs. However Riff eases the statement, that no matter the odds or the situation the Jets will always pull through. Riff decides that his best friend Tony Wycek , a co-founder of the Jets who has left the gang to work at a local candy/drug store, would be the best member to present the challenge to the Sharks because he has always come through for the Jets . Riff visits Tony at the store and asks him to come to the dance, but Tony is not interested. He tells Riff that he senses something very important is about to happen to him. After a little cajoling from Riff, Tony changes his mind and agrees to meet him and the Jets at the dance, in case it is there that he will discover that "something" . Bernardo, along with his friend, Chino, arrives to take his sister Maria  and his girlfriend Anita  to the dance. At the dance, which is held at the gym, the Jets, Sharks, and girls are greatly enjoying themselves . The host of the dance, social worker Glad Hand , tries to get the members of the rival gangs to dance together. Even so, the rival gang members and their girlfriends remain apart. During a mambo, Tony and Maria see each other, become infatuated, going into a trance-like state, and begin to dance, oblivious to the rivalry between their ethnic groups. They eventually kiss, but Bernardo angrily interrupts them. He orders Maria home and tells Tony to stay away from his sister. It\'s at this point that Riff proposes a "war council" with Bernardo, who agrees to meet at Doc\'s drug store after the dance. Tony leaves in a happy daze, singing of his newfound love . Maria is sent home, and Anita argues with Bernardo that they are in America, not Puerto Rico. At the Sharks\' apartment building, Anita and other girls from Puerto Rico engage in a spirited argument with Bernardo in defense of Maria\'s right to dance with whomever she pleases. They debate the advantages and disadvantages of their country ("[[America . Eventually the women and the men disperse as Bernardo and his gang go to the war council. Tony discreetly visits Maria outside the fire escape at her home and they confirm their love ("[[Tonight . They arrange to meet the next day at the bridal shop where Maria works. Meanwhile, the Jets gather outside of Doc\'s store to wait for the Sharks. They are visited by Officer Krupke, who warns them not to cause trouble on his beat. After he leaves, they lampoon him and the various theories of how to deal with juvenile delinquency . Doc  is about to close the store, but the Jets convince him to stay open. The Sharks finally arrive and the war council begins. In the middle of this, Tony arrives and calls them chickens for having to fight with weapons. He demands that they have a fair one-on-one fist fight instead of an all-out rumble. The gang leaders agree, with Bernardo representing the Sharks and Ice  representing the Jets . They are soon alerted of Lieutenant Schrank\'s arrival, so the gangs quickly intermix together and feign happiness and fun. Schrank pretends that it is a good thing that they are getting along and remarks he might even get a promotion, but he knows what they are up to. Schrank stamping orders the Puerto Ricans out , then asks the Jets where the rumble is taking place,in the process angering several members with sarcastic and insulting coments including A-Rab\'s father who Schrank implies his mother is a prostitute, which angers Action who almost attacks Schrank, but is restrained by the other Jets much to the lieutenant\'s pleasure. Soon, the Jets disperse and Schrank leaves as well, leaving Tony and Doc alone in the store to clean up. Tony, who is in a good mood, surprises Doc and tells him about his love for Maria. The day comes to an end as a distressed Doc closes the store and Tony leaves.  The next day at Madam Lucia\'s bridal shop, Maria sings to her co-workers about how happy and excited she is . After everyone except Maria and Anita leaves, Anita tells Maria about the impending rumble accidentally. Anita tells Maria to go home, but Maria insists that she wants to close the store by herself because she has work to do. Suddenly, Tony arrives to see Maria, leaving Anita in shock. Tony tells Anita of his and Maria\'s love, and Anita mocks Maria. Although Anita is initially shocked to see that Maria and Tony are having a romance, she shows some tolerance but worries about the consequences if Bernardo were to find out. Anita, who is also Maria\'s roommate, leaves to prepare for a planned date with Bernardo after the rumble. Maria pleads with Tony to prevent the rumble altogether, even if it is only a fist fight, and Tony promises to do so. Then Tony and Maria, using clothes in the bridal shop, fantasize about their wedding . They use the headless mannequins as their parents, best man  and Maid of Honor . They exchange wedding vows and kiss. A musical montage  intertwines the feelings of the Jets and Sharks in anticipation of the rumble, Tony and Maria\'s anticipation of meeting each other, and Anita preparing for her date with Bernardo. The Jets and Sharks arrive at their agreed location for the rumble, a fenced dead-end under a stretch of New York highway. As the "fair fight" begins between Bernardo and Ice, Tony arrives and tries to stop it, but is met with ridicule and mockery from Bernardo and the Sharks. Unable to stand by and watch his best friend be humiliated, Riff angrily lashes out and punches Bernardo . Drawing their knives, Riff and Bernardo fight each other. Riff gets the upper hand attempting to stab Bernardo but Tony stops him. Riff breaks away and runs back into the fight, only to be fatally stabbed by Bernardo. Riff collapses while handing the knife to Tony and Bernardo looks shocked at what he has done. Enraged, Tony kills Bernardo with Riff\'s knife, resulting in a full-fledged melee. Suddenly, police sirens blare out and the gang members flee, leaving behind the bodies of Riff and Bernardo. Blissfully unaware of what has happened, Maria is waiting for Tony on the roof of her apartment building. One of the Sharks, Chino , whom Maria has been promised to, arrives and angrily tells her that Tony killed her brother. Tony arrives, and initially Maria lashes out at him in anger, but Tony explains what happened and asks for her forgiveness before he plans to turn himself in to the police. Maria decides that she still loves Tony and begs him to stay with her. They reaffirm their love ("[[Somewhere , kiss, and make love for the first time . Meanwhile, the Jets  have reassembled outside a garage. Action demands revenge for Riff\'s death, but Baby John as well as A-Rab, opposes it. Action yells at Baby John and for being scared, A-Rab protects Baby-John and lashes out against Action, then tensions flare amongst several Jets. When a man in an upper apartment window throws a glass piece that breaks on the ground to scare off the jets as well as with his yelling, Action attempts to throw a rock at the man, however, he is subdued by Ice, who pulls all of the jets into the garage and tells them they will have their revenge on the Sharks, but must do it carefully at ease, or get caught and to pay the consequences for their actions. ("[[Cool . When all of the Jets have cooled down, they each quietly file out of the garage and make their way back to Doc\'s Candy Store when Anybodys , a tomboy who is desperate to join the Jets, arrives after infiltrating the Sharks\' turf and warns them that Chino is now after Tony with a gun. Ice sends the Jets to various locations to find Tony and warn him. Anybodys\' persistence finally pays off as Ice asks her to search in and out of the shadows and commends her for her deed. In Maria\'s bedroom, she and Tony have just finished making love. Tony puts a small mysterious box on Maria\'s bedroom with the words "Capullo de Rosa". The couple hear Anita arriving home, and Maria and Tony make quick, whispered arrangements to meet at Doc\'s drug store and run away together to marry. Anita hears through the door and knows that something is going on. Tony escapes through the bedroom window and flees, but Anita sees him running away. Anita chides Maria for the relationship . Anita says that a man who kills is bad, but she soon softens as Maria sings back. Maria\'s heartfelt love  wins over Anita, and despite her grief over Bernardo\'s death, Anita agrees to cooperate with a plan to help Maria and Tony run away and marry, because she is her friend. Anita quickly tells Maria that Chino is searching for Tony with a gun. Lieutenant Schrank arrives and questions Maria about the events leading up to the rumble, but Maria is protective of Tony and lies to cover for him. To deceive the policeman, Maria sends Anita to Doc\'s drugstore on the pretense that she is fetching medicine for her headache. She asks Anita to say she has been detained, explaining she would have gone herself otherwise. Anita\'s real purpose is to tell Tony  that Maria is detained from meeting him. But when Anita enters the drugstore and asks for Tony, the Jets mock, harass, and mock rape her until Doc stops them. Infuriated by the attack, Anita gives the Jets a different message for Tony: Maria is dead, shot by Chino for loving Tony. Doc reproaches the Jets, then delivers the message to Tony. In shock and despair, Tony runs to find Chino, shouting "Come and get me, too!", and not knowing that Chino is actually secretly waiting for him. Now on the playground next to Doc\'s store, Tony suddenly sees Maria and they begin to run toward each other with joy. Suddenly, Chino appears and shoots Tony. As the Jets and Sharks arrive, Maria and a fatally wounded Tony reaffirm their love , but Tony dies in her arms. Maria takes the gun from Chino and blames the rival gang members for the deaths of Tony, Bernardo, and Riff with their hate, threatening to kill as many of them as she can, while still leaving one bullet for herself. However, she can\'t do it and drops the gun before sinking to the ground, crying. Three of the Jets start lifting his body and two Sharks join them to help carry him off. Maria and several Jets and Sharks walk behind them in a funeral procession and Chino is arrested and led away by Schrank and Krupke for killing Tony.'] ['The film begins with Paul Carty , with his sister Molly,  and father, at his mother\'s graveside. After his sister escorts her dad away from the grave, Carty, looking at his watch, starts to run off. Along his way he gets changed into casual clothing and carries on running until he catches a football special train. Aboard the train, he meets the leader of the football firm, John Godden ([[Stephen Graham , an ex-soldier who warns him he has no room for runners in his firm and he best stand his ground. When walking through the train, he meets Elvis , and Carty reminisces about how they met in a series of flashbacks. We learnt that Carty has always been fascinated by The Pack, observing them at Tranmere games when they fight and trying to dress like them, at which point Baby Millan ([[Oliver Lee , taunts Carty and threatens him but Elvis leads the other lads away and Carty stands his ground. Carty eventually meets Elvis at a club night and the pair realise they have many things in common from music taste to wanting out of Birkenhead. The pair fantasise about leaving for Berlin. Carty, over their next few meetings, begs Elvis to introduce him to The Pack but Elvis calls them a "gang of pricks" and says Carty does not want to be involved. Eventually, after Carty headbutts a rude sales assistant in a record shop to prove his fighting skills, Elvis gives in and tells him to meet him on the train at 12:00 on Saturday. It fastforwards to on the train again, and The Pack are led by Godden to meet a rival firm. Once there, the two groups scrap and Carty is taken over by a thrill as he is embroiled in the fight. Carty returns home and we discover that his sister knows about his fascination with The Pack. The next day, Carty promises to take her shopping for her birthday in Chester. However, after an argument with Elvis when Elvis tells him he is making a "twat out of himself", Carty leaves work to find Elvis there. The pair go for a drink and forget about their argument, and Carty forgets completely about his sister. He promises he will take her out another time the day after, as his mind is firmly on the meet The Pack has when they travel to Wrexham that day. Once there, police attempt to form a barrier between the firms but Carty breaks through and cuts a Wrexham fan with his Stanley - much to the delight of Godden, who finally accepts him as one of The Pack. Everyone toasts Carty on the train home, except Baby Millan and Elvis who are far from happy about his new status. That night at The Pelican, the HQ and chosen pub of The Pack, Carty is "initiated" with a girl who he takes outside to have sex with. Once out there, Godden warns Baby Millan to not deal heroin to the members of the firm, warning The Pack cannot have any "smackheads". Baby replies "But its okay for Elvis to do it?", much to the puzzlement of Godden and the rest of the firm. Outside, Carty does not perform well with the girl, and the lads all rib him for this. Carty and Elvis one night meet two women, Sonia  and Jackie on a bus and take them back to Elvis\' bohemian-style flat, which has stars on the wall and a noose to remind him of the "certainty of death". Elvis\' behaviour becomes erratic as he consumes heroin, and when Carty refuses, Elvis rejects Sonia\'s advances and plays the guitar instead. Carty, waking up, sees Sonia in the bathroom and the pair have sex. The next day, Elvis and Carty are on their way to another away day when the pair argue in front of Godden. Elvis, taunting Carty\'s choice of women, is obviously hurt when Carty taunts his performance in bed with the women in front of The Pack. Godden taunts Elvis for possibly being a homosexual. Carty tries to apologise to Elvis as the pair walk in front of The Pack, and Carty spots the opposition firm coming towards them. He yells at the firm and urges The Pack to join them - and Godden does, only briefly, before headbutting Carty and telling him he is the leader of The Pack. Carty\'s reign as a top boy in the firm is over and Elvis is back to his jovial self on the train home as Carty sulks in the corner. Carty forgets about the Pack for a while and we see him telling his boss, Uncle Bob, that he will go back to college to do his A-Levels. He spends more time with his sister and he urges her to go out one night. In a taxi, Carty meets a pretty girl, Natasha , whom he had previously met in a club. The pair are spending a romantic night in when Carty\'s sister enters, visibly shaken up. She has been roughed up by a gang of boys and Carty, attempting to sort them out, is beaten up by them too. He recruits the help of Elvis and The Pack . The Pack beat up the gang of lads who roughed up Carty\'s sister, and Carty finds Elvis crying on the waterfront. Carty thanks him and says he owes Elvis one, but Elvis replies Carty does not owe him anything, and tells Carty "He always loved you, Carty". At Godden\'s funeral, Carty is sitting in the church after everyone leaves when Elvis enters and asks Carty if he will hear his confession. Carty, confused, agrees. Elvis is seen through the confession booth inhaling what appears to be heroin, and he tells Carty to come away with him to Berlin. Carty, currently enjoying a healthy relationship with his family, tells him he cannot yet. Elvis is upset by this, and tells him "He always loved you Carty", meaning himself. Elvis asks Carty for one more away day, before leaving. At the final away day, Carty is stood on the station platform waiting for Elvis to meet him yet there is no sign of him. He catches the train just in time and as the train pulls away, Elvis is visible sat on top of a bridge overlooking the track, as the train crosses underneath it, the bridge is covered in smoke and once it clears, Elvis has gone, hinting at suicide. Carty is out of place in The Pack without Elvis and after a final meet with a local firm in which Carty does not get involved, he is cut with a knife by Baby Millan, who calls him a "ponce". Carty then turns away from The Pack and walks out of the street, saying "How long had I waited for this day? Out of here. Out of this."'] ['The film stars three real-life juvenile gangsters, all aged 15, giving an accurate depiction of Chinese teenage gang-life in the Singapore suburbs. The 2003 film features two more gangsters as characters as well as a fight sequence with more affluent English-educated Singapore youths. Rather than scripting the movie or employing professional actors, Tan attempted to capture the troubled lives of his characters in realistic fashion, apparently without much prior scripting.'] ['The film tells the story of four poverty-stricken half brothers with the same mother, Cleuza  but different fathers, who live in a favela neighborhood in São Paulo and have to fight to follow their dreams. Dario , seeks the opportunity of a better life with his soccer skills; Dênis  survives as a motorcycle courier; Dinho  works in a filling station and helps at the local church and Reginaldo , although gifted as a soccer player dreams of becoming a bus driver. Cleuza, pregnant with her fifth child, works as a cleaner for a woman in a middle class area of São Paulo.'] ["A man begins to investigate on his own the death of his brother, who died from eating a hamburger laced with ground glass. With the police case stalled because of ineptness, the man's own investigation leads him toward a beatnik hang-out frequented by Nico , a shady character who supplies drugs to the patrons and philosophizes about the ills of the world."] ['The film is about a group of destitute children and their misfortunes in a Mexico City slum. El Jaibo escapes juvenile jail and reunites with the street gang that he leads. El Jaibo\'s gang attempts to rob a blind street musician. They fail at first, but later track him down, beat him, and destroy his instruments. With the help of Pedro, El Jaibo tracks down Julián, the youngster who supposedly sent him to jail. El Jaibo puts his arm in a fake sling and hides a rock in it. El Jaibo confronts Julián, who denies that he reported him to the police. Julián refuses to fight El Jaibo because it wouldn\'t be a fair fight with El Jaibo\'s arm broken. As Julián starts to walk away, El Jaibo hits him in the head with the rock. He then beats Julián to death and takes his money. El Jaibo warns Pedro not to report the crime, and since he shares Julián\'s money with Pedro, Pedro is an accomplice to the murder. Pedro\'s mother resents her son\'s behavior, and shows signs that she doesn\'t even love him or care for him as a son. Pedro is extremely saddened by this and vows to start behaving better. He finds work as apprentice to a blacksmith. One day, El Jaibo comes to talk with him about their secret and, unbeknownst to Pedro, steals an expensive knife from the blacksmith\'s table. Pedro is accused of the crime and sent to a juvenile rehabilitation program, the "farm school," where he misbehaves at first, but is won over by the kindness of the principal. In a turn of events that seems to owe a great deal to Oliver Twist, when Pedro is sent on an errand by the principal with a 50 pesos bill, he encounters El Jaibo, who steals it. Pedro then tracks down El Jaibo and fights him. The fight ends in a stalemate, but Pedro announces to the crowd that it was El Jaibo who killed Julián. El Jaibo flees, but the blind man has heard the accusation and tells the police. Pedro tracks El Jaibo down once again, and El Jaibo kills Pedro. While fleeing, El Jaibo runs into the police. As El Jaibo tries to run away, the police shoot and kill him. Meche and her grandfather find Pedro\'s body. Not wanting to attract the police, they dump his body down a garbage-covered cliff. On their way, they pass Pedro\'s mother, who, though once unconcerned with her disobedient child, is now searching for him.'] ['Traveling salesman Tom Phillips  is driving home to Boston, Massachusetts for Christmas when he encounters a drunken driver on a rain-streaked road. He cannot avoid a collision, and is hospitalized with spinal damage. Since he cannot be a traveling salesman anymore, his brother arranges for Tom to buy a remote motel in the desert town of Mayville, California. Tom is reluctant, since he has never been an innkeeper before—but in the end he decides that he must travel in order to get as far away from the site of his accident as possible, as soon as possible. So Tom sets out for California with his wife, teen-aged daughter, and son. But when they reach the desert they are accosted by a pair of drag racers and a "party girl" in a modified, high-performance 1958 Chevrolet Corvette who jokingly force them to swerve and avoid a collision. This is only the first of a series of escalating encounters with the local youth. Teenaged children of relatively well-off local farmers, they are apparently given "everything they want" but are still bored and are locked in a never-ending desire for "kicks" in which they will never be satisfied. The adults, including the owner of a local filling station, are fed-up with them. One of these adults, however, turns out to own the very motel that Tom Phillips has bought—and he is selling out after having let the wayward youth use his motel as an illicit trysting place for years. When Tom tells the filling-station owner that he has "just bought himself a motel," one of the kids, named Ernie , overhears. Soon after, he tells his friend Duke , who is the driver of the Corvette. Duke organizes a campaign of harassment against Tom and chases the hapless family all the way to the motel. Matters come to a dangerous head when Tom\'s daughter , fascinated by Duke, goes to see him in the motel bar and grill, called the "Arena." Duke\'s current girlfriend Gloria , in a jealous rage, informs Tom, who tries to strangle Duke—but his back goes out and he must desist. He then informs the former motel owner  that he will not go through with the sale. This causes a confrontation between the former owner and the youths, which ends when the owner tells Duke and Ernie that Tom is going to the next town to "bring the police down on this place." Duke and Ernie resolve never to let Tom Phillips reach that town—and so, as the family tries to escape, they engage them in a deadly game of "chicken." This game ends only when Tom outwits the teenagers by parking his car on a narrow bridge, with the headlights on, evacuating him and his family to a safe spot twenty yards off the road. Faced with an unmoving object, Duke turns "chicken" himself, running his car off the edge of the bridge—after which he and Ernie, bruised, battered, and with scraped knees, swear that they will never give Tom any trouble. Tom agrees not to turn them in to the police—but tells them that he will go back to his motel and run it properly from now on.'] ['The film is a character study focusing on Suzanne, a promiscuous fifteen-year-old Parisian, played by Sandrine Bonnaire. Despite her age, Suzanne engages in a number of affairs in reaction to her miserable situation at home.'] ["Johnny Boylan's  father was sentenced to death for a crime that he was never fully proven to have committed. He and his family move to a poorer section of the East Side in New York City. His sister, Kay  resorts to dancing in a burlesque theater after she is fired from her job. Her former fiance, Paul Wilson ([[Robert Wilcox , still cares for her and wants to help her, but she avoids him because of the shame she is feeling. Johnny tries to enlist his fellow newsboy friends to help prove his father's innocence. They try to convince the judge, but are unsuccessful. In frustration, Johnny tosses a brick through the judge's car window, which begins his life of crime. He enlists his friend Pig  to help him rob a drugstore. They are subsequently chased by the police and hide out. However, the cops find them and Pig begs Johnny to surrender. Eventually Pig leaves the store and is shot and killed by the police. Johnny is captured and sent to reform school."] ["{{Plot}} The movie begins with a voice over by Shirley Lyner  as we are shown her babysitting service, a cabin with middle-aged men and teenage girls. A flash back takes us to Shirley being picked up by Michael Beltran for a babysitting job. After she is finished, they dine together and flirt with each other. Michael is frustrated with his wife and Shirley finds guys her age to be too immature. Shirley’s friends at school are Melissa and Brenda. Michael and his wife Gail meet with Michael’s friend Jerry, who has a business offer for Michael. Gail is frustrated that Michael wants to take it, while Michael gets curious about an abandoned train yard behind the restaurant that Gail shows no interest in. When Michael is driving Shirley home that night, they stop at the train yard and explore it, eventually sharing a kiss and having sex. Michael pays Shirley extra. Melissa discovers the truth about babysitting outings from Shirley and Michael tells Jerry about it. Michael asks Shirley if any of her other friends can “babysit” and Melissa volunteers. Shirley asks her for 20% of the money as her cut to which Melissa agrees. They convince Brenda to take the babysitting job as well and the girls set up a working business, going so far as to have business cards printed up. Michael learns that Shirley is babysitting for others besides him, which makes him uncomfortable. Problem arises when Brenda invites her rough and aggressive younger stepsister Nadine into the group without checking with Shirley. She soon starts her own competing business behind Shirley’s back, and Shirley starts to lose customers. Shirley confronts Brenda and Brenda agrees to search Nadine's room. She reports back that she found nothing. With Michael 'on watch', Shirley and Melissa search Nadine's locker but find nothing. They trash the school to hide their true motive. Melissa presents Shirley with fake permission slips for a trip to Jerry’s cabin for a weekend. The girls will be going under the make-believe of a school trip, while the men will be there on a “business retreat”. Michael is uncomfortable with Shirley being with other guys at the party. Jerry has supplied drugs at the party and attempts to rape Brenda. Brenda wants to quit and Shirley agrees but Melissa is worried that Brenda will talk. Melissa has several of their customers attack and threaten Brenda’s brother, while Shirley gets angry at Melissa. Michael’s wife confronts him about his distance and that he has been lying about his job situation and Michael finally voices some of his frustrations about the marriage, while Gail responds with hers. Michael tries to encourage Shirley to run away with him, while Shirley reminds him that this is just business and he’s cheating himself. She then tries unsuccessfully to contact Brenda. She hears that Nadine is babysitting without her knowledge and calls Melissa, who is with Jerry, and they go to confront her. Shirley discovers that it is her own father that is with Nadine. The movie ends with another voiceover by Shirley. Across the street from Michael's house Shirley sees Michael interacting with his family."] ["Sam Gold , is a mild-mannered 20-year old Orthodox Jewish man who lives with his large family in the Borough Park section of Brooklyn. Sam works in his father's fabric store while studying to be a rabbi. He and his family hope to arrange a marriage for him with Zeldy Lazar. However, Sam's family is much poorer than the Lazars, and he worries he will be unable to provide for him. Sam and his best friend Leon  accept a mysterious job offer from Leon's brother Yosef  and his boss, the Israeli Jackie . Yosef sends them to Amsterdam, with instructions to wait for him. While there, the pair are given a briefcase, which Yosef says contains medicine, and are instructed to walk it through customs in New York. Back in New York, the pair discover the briefcase contains pure ecstasy. Leon wants nothing more to do with Yosef, but Sam is attracted to the easy money. Sam becomes a participant in Jackie's operation, making trips to Amsterdam to pick up suitcases. He is paid to recruit other young Orthodox Jews as mules, who implicitly trust him as one of their own. Sam meets the liberal Jewish girl Rachel , Jackie's girlfriend, and drinks alcohol and takes ecstasy with the gang. Sam begins to rise in the organization when he brokers a business deal with European drug manufacturer Ephraim ([[Q-Tip . Meanwhile, Sam leaves the yeshiva. His new job is well-known around his neighborhood, and his parents kick him out of the house. Sam discovers Yosef has been skimming money from Jackie through side deals. Jackie, however, wants to ship street ecstasy, which contains a higher percentage of other drugs, into America. These drugs, carried by unwitting young Orthodox Jews is picked up by drug-sniffing dogs and the mules are arrested. Sam escapes to warn Yosef, who is high. Yosef suggests they drive to California. Sam returns to his childhood home, where he is greeted by Leon, who has married Zeldy. Sam weeps on his front steps as the sirens in the distance grow closer."] ["The film starts off in a violent crime committed against Reggie , who ends up having his head blown off while eating a burger in a fast-food restaurant. After his death, the film opens up in a Pulp Fiction-esque story arc, unveiling why Reggie died in the beginning of the film--and ultimately, who killed him.  ;Welcome Home The return of Sean ([[Mark Webber  and his sequential, radical lifestyle--joined by Jason  and Chris . ;Bulletproof The previous day, Reggie and his sister Sabrina argue over the bruises on her face. She reveals to him that Jason gave her the scars during a rape, forcing Reggie to retaliate. He brings along his friend Mikey,  and Mikey's younger brother James , to retrieve a gun from Mikey's distant, irrational uncle , solely to kill Jason. ;I'm Making A Movie The night of Sabrina's rape through the eyes of Chris. ;You Were My First Sabrina's revealed pregnancy the same night of her rape. ;The Funeral The morning of Jason's funeral, Reggie's death, and his killer's breakdown."] ['{{plot|section|date"DVD Outsider: Made In Britain Synopsis and Review"/> The deputy superintendent in the assessment centre, Peter Clive ([[Bill Stewart , admits Trevor, and he is allocated a room with Errol ([[Terry Richards . Errol tells him about the contract that centre inmates are made to sign, promising to cooperate. The next day, Trevor leaves the assessment centre, to visit the job centre and procure a job, as instructed by the magistrate. Trevor, accompanied by Errol, breaks into a car and drives to the job centre. Near the job centre, he buys Evo-Stik for huffing,<ref name105633 Channel 4: Made In Britain Review]". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. He then breaks into another car, and takes it and drives away. Trevor refuses to admit that he has stolen the car, but agrees to get rid of it. Inside the assessment centre, when Peter Clive asks him why he did it, Trevor refuses to co-operate and give a reasonable answer. He then demands lunch, only to be informed that he is too late. Trevor flies into a rage and tries kicking down the cafeteria door. The chef  rushes out to stop him, only to be kicked in the groin by Trevor, who unleashes a vicious attack on him,Grunert, Andrea. "Emotion and Cognition: About Some Key-Figures in Films by Alan Clarke". Artbrain. Retrieved on 25 June 2008. The superintendent  arrives, and proceeds to show Trevor an overview of what he has been through and where he is heading - prison - if he refuses to cooperate and continues this way. Uncharacteristically, Trevor is not aggressive and is lost for words, listening to the superintendent without attempting to talk him down. The superintendent is extremely articulate and faces little resistance from Trevor, who is silenced by his pithy putdowns. As soon as the superintendent leaves, Trevor is back to his usual self, and confronts Barry Giller and Peter Clive, mouthing obscenities against immigrants, the education system, dishonesty, and mindless conformity.Nightingale, Chris. "A Taste of the British: Made In Britain Review". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. Trevor refuses to keep the peace, and eventually Barry and Peter decide to send him to a secure unit. However, while Barry is out making arrangements to send Trevor away, Peter offers to take Trevor banger racing if he promises to behave. Trevor and Errol make their way into the office, where Trevor rummages through the documents until he finds their respective files. Trevor reads through Errol\'s reports and contract, and finds a report titled \'The Future\', which reads "It seems unlikely for this child to return home, his mother having rejected him for her own lifestyle. Bearing this in mind, future care seems to be the alternative. We would recommend a care order be made, in order to be able to continue our assessment of his needs." He then proclaims to Errol "You\'re in here for life, mate!". Errol looks confused and dejected and asks "What\'ll I do!?". Trevor is enraged. He drops the files on the floor and tells Errol to "Piss on it, fuckin\' shit on it!". Errol defecates on his files, and Trevor urinates on his."DVD Verdict: Made In Britain Review". Retrieved on 25 June 2008. Trevor and Errol get out of the assessment centre, and drive away in the centre\'s Ford Transit van. They reach Mr. Shahnawaz\'s neighbourhood and hurl stones through the windows, and scream racial slurs. They get into the van and drive away. Trevor drives to a police station, and smashes the van into a car. Errol is rendered unconscious by the impact. Trevor exits the van and runs away, leaving Errol to be apprehended by the police. He begins running into a tunnel, and screams "Bollocks!" Inside the tunnel, he discards his t-shirt, and screams at a passing vehicle after trying to kick it. Trevor walks past a school, presumably his, pausing to gaze through the iron gates before continuing on his way. It is early morning by the time Trevor reaches Harry Parker\'s home. Harry is busy packing, and is preparing to leave on a holiday with his family. He is displeased to see Trevor in this state. He tells him to go back to the assessment centre before it is too late. Trevor informs Harry of his misadventures, and tells him that he is turning himself in. Harry, although reluctant at first, makes the necessary calls to the police. P.C. Anson smiles and says, \'You think you\'re fucking hard.\' Trevor, for the first time, looks defeated. He slumps in agony and shock, his face reddening. The warder tells Trevor that he is all talk, and decries his protests, saying that he has no choice but to respect authority and obey the rules, like everybody else. The play ends with Trevor recovering from the pain and grinning, as the warders shut the door of his cell.'] ['Danny Di Pace, Arthur Reardon and Anthony "Batman" Aposto are members of a street gang named the Thunderbirds in New York City in East Harlem. They have a ongoing turf war with a Puerto Rican gang call the Horsemen. The three Thunderbirds unleash a knife attack on Roberto Escalante, a blind member of the Horsemen and stab him to death. They are caught and arrested, and during questioning by the police and an assistant district attorney, Hank Bell  discovers one of the boys is the son of an ex-girlfriend . Back at the office of the district attorney Dan Cole , Bell admits he knows the mother of one of the suspects in the killing but despite objections, he is not taken off the case and admits that he in fact grew up in the same neighborhood. At the funeral for Roberto Escalante, he is confronted by his ex-lover and she tells him her son promised he would never join a gang. Bell then sets out to find out the true facts about the killing and admits that his father changed his name from Bellini to Bell because he was ashamed of his background and where he grew up.'] ['The title of the film is taken from Bentley\'s alleged cry of "Let him have it, Chris!" shortly before Christopher Craig shot and wounded the first policeman on the scene. Crown prosecutors suggested that Bentley meant "Go ahead and shoot him," whilst Frank Cassells for the defence argued that he meant "Give him the gun" . Craig was sentenced to gaol "at Her Majesty\'s pleasure", and spent ten years there. He has been a law abiding citizen ever since. Derek Bentley\'s father bought an expensive bottle of wine in 1958 to celebrate their victory should Derek be proved innocent. However, Bentley\'s parents never got to drink it. His father William Bentley died on 12 July 1974 and his mother died on 10 October 1976. The film\'s end titles state that Bentley\'s sister, Iris, was still fighting for his pardon, however seven years after the film was made and after numerous unsuccessful campaigns to get Derek Bentley a full pardon, his conviction was quashed by the Court of Appeal on 30 July 1998. However, Bentley\'s sister had also died by this point.\'Craig\'s relief at Bentley Pardon\' BBC, 30th July 1998'] ['Seventeen-year-old Tommy Ryan lives with Mrs. O‘Meara, a seamstress, and her teenage son Eddie. Tommy’s exact status is unclear; Mrs. O’Meara’s says he is a friend of her son Eddie and “stays here with us and a finer lad never trod the green earth.” Tommy works in a grocery store and more than pulls his weight around the O’Meara home, but his foster brother Eddie is unemployed and hanging around a pool hall with a gang of teenage thieves led by Mike Hearn, the pool hall owner. Hearn promises teenage ‘Knuckles’ Malone $50 to steal a fur coat from a warehouse and sends Eddie O’Meara along to drive the getaway car. When the heist is thwarted and Knuckles nabbed by the police, Eddie escapes with the stolen goods and returns home. Tommy tries to repair the damage and keep the incident from Mrs. O’Meara by dumping the car and the furs outside of town. He is picked up by the police. In court, Tommy takes the rap in order to spare Mrs. O’Meara the grief of seeing her son implicated in the crime. Tommy and Knuckles are sentenced to the State Industrial School for three years. When alone for a moment with Eddie, Tommy urges him to take good care of his mother. At the State School, Tommy remains true to himself. He is honest, hard working, and well mannered. Dr. Owens, once a reform school inmate himself but now a morally upright professional man, takes an interest in the boy and urges him to plan for life after prison. He has Tommy removed from the crew at the school’s farm to work in his office. One day, Tommy discovers Eddie O’Meara is an inmate in the reformatory. Eddie dropped out of Hearn’s gang of thieves and found a job in order to take care of his mother, but Hearn feared Eddie would squeal to the police about the gang’s past. Hearn decided to get the boy out of his way by staging a robbery at the gas station where the boy worked and then framing him. Hearn now fears that Tommy, Eddie, and Knuckles will now “squawk” and realizes his operation is still in jeopardy. He decides to “spring” the three boys from prison and to silence them once he has them in his clutches. Tommy is reluctant to participate in the escape but when he learns that Hearn threats to rough up Mrs. O’Meara he has no choice but to escape and protect her. The escape plan is foiled, but later, Tommy and Knuckles manage to escape at gunpoint. At the pool hall, Tommy convinces Hearn he is on his side. A heist is planned. Tommy secretly makes plans to meet Dr. Owens at the site of the heist to apprehend Hearn and his gang. Hearn and his men are taken into custody after a car chase. With Dr. Owens assistance, Tommy and Eddie are paroled and restored to Mrs. O’Meara.'] ['After a rumble between New York City street gangs, the Hornets and Dukes, a youth is taken captive and threatened with a zip gun by Lenny Daniels, one of the Hornets. The act is witnessed by a neighbor, McAllister, who tells the cops. Lenny is arrested and sentenced to a year in jail. Hornets leader Frankie Dane decides to get even. Incorrigible, the 18-year-old Frankie resists all efforts to get through to him by social worker Ben Wagner or his worried mother, who was abandoned by Frankie\'s father. McAllister isn\'t afraid of Frankie and even slaps him. An angry Frankie informs his friends Lou Macklin and Angelo "Baby" Gioia that he intends to kill McAllister now, which frightens Frankie\'s 10-year-old brother Richie, who overhears. Baby\'s dad slaps him and orders him to stop hanging out with the no-good Frankie. An effort is made by Wagner to understand the boys rather than be angry with them, and Richie tells him of Frankie\'s plans to commit murder. McAllister is trapped in an alley at 1:30 in the morning. Richie tries to stop his brother and ends up with a knife held to his throat, but Frankie finally comes to his senses and is accompanied by Wagner to the police.'] ['Barret Michaelson is an unwelcome newcomer in a public high school, often bullied by his new classmates. He has no friends until another misfit with a bad reputation, Ryan, saves him from a beating in the men\'s locker room. Ryan is a misanthropic existentialist with violent tendencies and a dark past. It is revealed that Ryan\'s father murdered his mother and then committed suicide in front of Ryan when he was only ten years old. The two become fast friends who spend much of their time together engaged in philosophical conversation, but their friendship comes to an abrupt halt when the two are involved in an incident with a local landowner who claims they are trespassing on his land. Ryan throws a rock at the man, causing him to fall and break his neck on a rock. The two manage to successfully make it look like an accident, but the incident forces Barret to pull away from his friendship with Ryan. This causes Ryan to become very emotional, and to purchase a black market gun. Barret soon agrees that they should put the incident behind them and continue to be friends, but Ryan becomes increasingly morose and attached to Barret. When Ryan suffers a brutal beating at the hands of the bully against whom Ryan had originally defended Barret, he is consumed by a will for revenge, and makes it clear to Barret that he intends to shoot the bully to death. Barret tries as hard as he can to dissuade Ryan, but Ryan says it\'s his "destiny" and insists that there is nothing Barret can do to stop him. As the moment of truth approaches, Ryan forces Barret at gun point to accompany him to the would-be crime scene. Ryan finds his enemy in a secluded area, smoking what is probably a joint . Barret tries to warn him, but it is to no avail, and Ryan kills him. After the killing, Barret tries to incapacitate Ryan by hitting on the head with a rock, but it doesn\'t work. In a struggle, the gun goes off, claiming Ryan\'s life. Barret then shoots him once again, and tries to turn the gun on himself, but by that time the gun is out of bullets.'] ["At Asashi High, a run-down senior high school for boys, Kujo , Aoki , Yukio , Yoshimura  and Ota  are a gang of school friends lost in apathy and dissatisfaction. They are aware their future offers limited options. Even most teachers have already written them off as a lost cause. Kujo's gang is part of the school's illegal society, which is controlled through a rooftop game: the Clapping Game, which is a test of courage. Who wins the game gets to be the society's leader and rules all gangs throughout Asashi High. No teacher can stand up to the society. After a round of the Clapping Game, Kujo wins the leadership, which excites his best friend Aoki who wants Kujo to dominate the school with punches of casual violence, but Kujo passively resists. Aoki eventually realizes his best friend only took part in the Clapping Game to pass the time. Kujo never wanted to be the school's leader. Devastated, Aoki challenges Kujo for his leadership, and loses. As Aoki becomes disillusioned, alienated and hostile toward Kujo, friends around them slowly fall apart, bringing their school to a series of mini violent climaxes."] ['J.T. Hope, a former police officer and marine, owner of a ranch called "Circle Hope Ranch" decides to start a program for troubled teens on his ranch to help rehabilitate them and help them get out of the life of crime, drugs and other bad things. Hope starts the program and 3 boys are brought in to the new program. J.T. has 2 good friends who work with him on the ranch, Shorty, and Colt Webb, a former juvenile delinquent who was given a second chance with the help of J.T. Hope.'] ['An introverted, socially awkward, middle-class youth, Robert Carmichael, is a talented cello player but is bored by his existence in the coastal town of Newhaven. He becomes associated with several other unsavory teenagers, and is soon tempted into the use of hard drugs like cocaine and ecstasy. Robert initially does not take part in the rape of a teenage girl in a squalid flat with the gang, but later joins in another violent attack on a middle-aged couple, with the woman involved being viciously raped.'] ["When orphaned Jimmy Mason is taken in by his Aunt Emma and Uncle Henry, he meets their boarder Matt Kelly, who impresses the young man with his boastful swagger and alleged political connections, although in reality he's a bootlegger. The boy's life is disrupted when, as one of Kelly's hired hands, he refuses to identify his boss during a police raid and is sentenced to three years of hard labor in reform school, where he befriends a sickly boy named Shorty, who eventually is sent to solitary confinement. When Jimmy realizes his new pal is seriously ill and desperately needs medical attention, he escapes and goes to Kelly and Kelly's girl friend, Peggy Gardner, for help. Peggy contacts newspaper columnist Frank Gebhardt, who is anxious to expose the conditions at the state industrial school. The authorities find Jimmy at Gebhardt's office, but before they can apprehend him Kelly admits his involvement in the bootlegging operation and the boy is set free. He discovers Shorty has died, victimized by a corrupt system."] ['In futuristic London, Alex  is the leader of his "droogs", Pete , Georgie , and Dim , one of many youth gangs in the decaying metropolis. One night, after intoxicating themselves on "milk plus", they engage in an evening of "ultra-violence", including beating an elderly vagrant , and fighting a rival gang led by Billyboy .Both Burgess\' novel and Stanley Kubrick\'s published movie script have this character\'s name as one word "Billyboy" although the Internet Movie Database lists him in the credits with two words "Billy Boy". Stealing a car, they drive to the country home of writer F. Alexander ([[Patrick Magee , where they beat Mr. Alexander to the point of crippling him for life. Alex then rapes his wife  while intoning "Singin\' in the Rain". The next day, while truant from school, Alex is approached by probation officer Mr. P. R. Deltoid , who is aware of Alex\'s violence and cautions him. In response, Alex visits a record store where he picks up two girls. Alex and the girls have sex in a fast-motion scene. After the events of the night before, his droogs express discontent with Alex\'s petty crimes, demanding more equality and more high-yield thefts. Alex reasserts his leadership by attacking them and throwing them into a canal. That night, Alex invades the mansion of a wealthy "cat"-woman , filled with erotic art. While his droogs remain at the front door, Alex bludgeons the woman with a phallic statue. At the climax of the attack, close-ups of the erotic paintings on the walls are barely visible in single-frame sequences. Hearing police sirens, Alex tries to run away, but is betrayed by his droogs. Dim smashes a pint bottle of milk across his face, leaving him stunned and bleeding. Alex is captured and brutally beaten by the police. A gloating Deltoid spits in his face and informs him that the woman subsequently died in the hospital, making him a murderer. Alex is sentenced to 14 years incarceration. Two years into the sentence, the Minister of the Interior  arrives at the prison looking for test subjects for the Ludovico technique, an experimental aversion therapy for rehabilitating criminals within two weeks; Alex readily volunteers. The process involves drugging the subject, strapping him to a chair, propping his eyelids open, and forcing him to watch violent movies. Alex, initially pleased by the violent images he sees, becomes nauseated due to the drugs. He realizes that one of the films\' soundtracks is by his favourite composer, Ludwig van Beethoven, and that the Ludovico technique will make him sick when he hears the music he loves. He tries unsuccessfully to end the treatment. After two weeks of the Ludovico technique, the Minister of the Interior puts on a demonstration to prove that Alex is "cured". He is shown to be incapable of fighting back against an actor  who insults and attacks him, and he becomes violently ill at the sight of a topless woman . Though the prison chaplain  protests at the results, saying that "there\'s no morality without choice", the prison governor  asserts that they are not interested in the moral questions but only "the means to prevent violence". Alex is released and finds that his possessions have been confiscated by the police to help make restitution to his victims, and that his parents have rented out his room. Homeless, Alex encounters the same elderly vagrant from before, who attacks him with several other friends. Alex is saved by two policemen but is shocked to discover they are two of his former droogs, Dim and Georgie. They drag Alex to the countryside, where they beat and nearly drown him. The dazed Alex wanders the countryside before coming to the home of Mr Alexander, and collapses. Alex wakes up to find himself being treated by Mr Alexander and his manservant, Julian . Mr Alexander does not recognize Alex as his attacker but has read about his treatment in the newspapers. Seeing Alex as a political weapon to usurp the government, Mr Alexander intends to expose the Ludovico technique as a step toward totalitarianism by way of mind control. As Mr. Alexander prepares to introduce Alex to colleagues , he hears Alex singing "Singin\' in the Rain" in the bath, and the memories of the earlier assault return. With his colleagues\' help, Mr. Alexander drugs Alex and places him in a locked upstairs bedroom, playing Beethoven\'s Ninth Symphony through the floor below. Alex, in excruciating pain, throws himself from the window and is knocked unconscious by the fall. Alex wakes up in a hospital, having dreamt about doctors messing around inside his head. While being given a series of psychological tests, Alex finds that he no longer has an aversion to violence. The Minister of the Interior arrives and apologizes to Alex, letting him know that Mr Alexander has been "put away". He offers to take care of Alex and get him a job in return for cooperation with his PR counter-offensive. As a sign of goodwill, the Minister brings in a stereo system playing Beethoven\'s Ninth Symphony. Alex then realizes that instead of an adverse reaction to the music, he sees an image of himself having sex in the snow with a woman in front of an approving crowd dressed in Beethoven-era fashion. He then states, in a sarcastic and menacing voice-over, "I was cured, all right!"'] ["Mrs. Berry, a socialite, hires a psychiatrist to care for her son Randolph. He exhibits antisocial behavior and stays bedridden all day. The doctor determines that if he was exposed to other boys of a lesser social stature he will break out of his shell and resume his place in society. They contact a place in the city and hire six underprivileged kids to come out to the country to help out. The boys who arrive are not the boys who were originally hired, but a gang of misfits who are wanted for destroying a glass factory. They quickly help Randolph overcome his antisocial behavior and assist in capturing some thieves who broke into Mrs. Berry's residence while Randolph's birthday party was taking place. The boys are then discovered to be on the run from the police, but with the assistance of a judge attending the party, they surrender and agree to return to New York and face their punishment."] ['  Shortly after moving to Los Angeles with his parents, 17-year-old Jim Stark  enrolls at Dawson High School. Jim is brought into the police station for public drunkenness. When his mother, father and grandmother arrive at the police station to retrieve him, conflicts in Jim\'s family situation are introduced. His parents are often fighting; his father  often tries to defend Jim, but Jim\'s mother always wins the arguments. Jim feels betrayed both by this fighting and his father\'s lack of moral strength, causing feelings of unrest and displacement. This shows up later in the film when he repeatedly asks his father, "What do you do when you have to be a man?" While trying to conform with fellow students at the school, he becomes involved in a dispute with a local bully named Buzz Gunderson . While he tries to deal with Buzz, he becomes friends with a 15-year-old boy, John, nicknamed Plato , who was also at the police station the night of the opening scene for shooting puppies. Plato idolizes Jim, his real father having abandoned his family. Plato experiences many of the same problems as Jim, such as searching for meaning in life and dealing with parents who "don\'t understand." Jim meets Judy , whom he also recognizes from the police station, where she was brought in for being out alone after dark. She originally seems unimpressed by Jim, saying in a sarcastic tone, "I bet you\'re a real yo-yo." She is apparently the property of Buzz. Jim goes on a field trip to the Griffith Observatory. There he sees a dramatic presentation of the violent death of the universe. After the show, he watches as the thugs slash a tire of his car; then Buzz challenges him to a knife fight, in which Jim is loathe to take part until the gang taunts Jim as a "chicken" . Jim reluctantly takes part in the fight and wins, subduing Buzz by holding his switchblade up to his neck. Both Jim and Buzz receive slight injuries while fighting. The thugs challenge Jim to a "Chickie Run" with Buzz, racing stolen cars towards an abyss. The first one who jumps out of the car loses and is deemed the "chicken". The "game" ends in tragedy for Buzz when a strap on the sleeve of his leather jacket becomes looped over a handle on the car door, preventing him from jumping out before the car goes over the cliff. Jim tries to tell his parents what happened, but becomes frustrated by their failure to understand him and storms out of the house. When Jim is seen trying to go to the police by some of Buzz\'s friends, they decide to hunt him down, and harass Plato and Jim\'s family to try to find him. Judy and Jim go to an abandoned mansion; Plato finds them there . There they act out a "fantasy family," with Jim as father, Judy as mother and Plato as child. The thugs soon discover them, and Plato brandishes his mother\'s gun, shooting one of the boys, and shooting at Jim and a police officer, in a clearly unstable state. Plato hides in the Observatory, which is soon besieged by the police. Jim and Judy follow him inside, and Jim convinces Plato to lend him the gun, from which he silently removes the ammunition magazine. When Plato steps out of the observatory, he becomes agitated again at the sight of the police and charges forward, brandishing his weapon. He is fatally shot by a police officer as Jim yells to the police, too late, that he had already removed the bullets. Plato was wearing Jim\'s jacket at the time, and as a result, Jim\'s parents  think at first that Jim was shot. Mr. Stark then runs to comfort Jim, openly weeping for Plato\'s death. Mr. Stark promises to be a stronger father, one that his son can depend on. Thus reconciled, Jim introduces Judy to his parents.'] ['Youth on the loose, in 1950s suburbia, terrorize locals, in their supped-up hot roads. Start your engines! It’s a race to the finish, to see whether a city backed racetrack will settle things down, or push the pedal to the metal.http://www.tcm.com/tcmdb/title/78448/Hot-Rod-Girl/ Lisa, Lori Nelson, is worried about her fiancé Jeff, John Smith, after the death of his brother street racing. Flattop, Frank Gorshin, and the other Hot rodders, who hang out at Yo-Yo’s, Fred Essler, burger joint, only went to the police sponsored Dragstrip, because of Jeff urging them; but, now he doesn’t want anything to do with it.www.imdb.com/title/tt0049335/ It’s only a matter of time, before police Detective Ben Merrill, Chuck Connors, has another accident, to clean up, when Bronc Talbot, Mark Andrews, rolls into town, and goads them into playing chicken.'] ["In Bologna in the late '30s, Michele Casali  teaches design at the same institute where his daughter Giovanna  studies. Michele is a loving father but overprotective. He does not recognize the mental health problems of his daughter, and can not save her from a tragic fate, when she is locked in a mental institution after killing her best friend."] ["After being falsely accused of stealing a truck, the East Side Kids are sentenced to a reform camp. Meanwhile, Danny's brother, Bill Collins, is accused of murder. The East Side Kids escape the camp to prove Bill's innocence."] ["The film focuses on a Liverpool street gang led by Johnny Murphy . When local Juvenile Liaison Officer Sergeant Truman  visits the Murphy household he becomes romantically involved with Johnny's sister .http://movies.msn.com/movies/movie-synopsis/violent-playground/ He also finds considerable points of similarity between his previous investigations into the activities of an arsonist known as the 'Firefly' and his investigation of Johnny Murphy. Cushing plays a local priest attempting to heal the social problems of the locality. In the final sequence, Murphy holds a classroom full of children hostage at gunpoint."] 