['Set in Wakefield, the film concerns a bitter young Yorkshire coal miner, Frank Machin . Following a nightclub altercation in which he takes on the captain of the local rugby league club and smacks a couple of the others, he is recruited by the team\'s manager, who sees profit in his aggressive streak. Although at first somewhat uncoordinated at league, he impresses the team\'s owner, Gerald Weaver , with his spirit and brutality of his playing style during the trial. He is signed up to the top team as a loose forward and impresses all with his aggressive forward play. He often punches or elbows the opposition players throughout the game. Off the field, Frank is much less successful. His recently widowed landlady, Mrs. Margaret Hammond , a mother of two young children, lost her husband in an accident at Weaver\'s engineering firm but gained no compensation because it was ruled to have been a suicide. He uses her for sex, but in her grief she cannot return any affection; she finds his lack of social graces, for instance, at a smart restaurant, somewhat off-putting, and he is violent towards her. He leaves after a row over her late husband, Weaver and his predatory wife. He rejects the latter\'s advances and treats her as a commodity, to be used and discarded. Intending a reconciliation, he finds that Margaret is in hospital. She is unconscious, having suffered a brain haemorrhage shortly after their split; she soon dies without regaining consciousness. In the end he is seen as "just a great ape on a football field", vulnerable to the ravages of time and injury.'] ["In late 1940s Yorkshire, England, ambitious young man Joe Lampton , who has just moved from the dreary factory town of Dufton, arrives in Warley, to assume a secure, but poorly-paid, post in the Borough Treasurer's Department. Determined to succeed, and ignoring the warnings of a colleague, Soames , he is drawn to Susan Brown , daughter of the local industrial magnate, Mr. Brown . He deals with Joe’s social climbing by sending Susan abroad; Joe turns for solace to Alice Aisgill , an unhappily married older woman who falls in love with him. When Susan returns from her holiday, shortly after the lovers  have quarrelled, Joe seduces Susan, and then returns to Alice. Discovering that Susan is pregnant, Mr. Brown, after failing to buy off Joe, coerces him to give up Alice and marry his daughter. Deserted and heartbroken, Alice launches on a drinking bout that culminates in her car-accident death. Distraught, Joe disappears, and after being beaten unconscious by a gang of thugs for making a drunken pass at one of their women, he is rescued by his colleague Soames in time to wed Susan."] ["The film concerns events one Sunday  in Bethnal Green, a part of the East End of London that is still suffering the effects of bombing and post-war deprivation. Rose Sandigate  is a former barmaid married to a middle-aged man ([[Edward Chapman  who has two teenage daughters from a previous marriage. She is a bossy, strident Bethnal Green housewife, coping with the difficulties of rationing, near-slum housing and a drab, joyless environment. A former lover ([[John McCallum , who was jailed years earlier for robbery with violence, escapes from prison and turns up at her door asking her to hide him until the heat is off. Rose initially refuses outright but, clearly still in love with him, her normal toughness dissolves and he persuades her to let him hide in the family's disused air raid shelter and then in a bedroom upstairs. However, it proves extremely difficult to keep the presence of the surprise guest a secret in such a busy, bustling household — particularly with her former lover intent on seducing her. It is Sunday morning and the lunch must be cooked, the girls admonished for their misdemeanours of the previous night and the husband packed off to the pub out of the way. The strain is intolerable and as the day progresses, the police net closes, after a nosey newspaper reporter guesses where the man is hiding. By nightfall her secret is out and a panic-stricken Rose tries to kill herself, while the prisoner once again flees, only to be cornered in railway sidings and arrested by the detective inspector ([[Jack Warner  who has been patiently tracking him.BritMovie accessed 5 May 2007"] ['Arthur Seaton is a young machinist at a Nottingham factory. Angry at his lot in life, he is determined not to be tied down to living a life of domestic drudgery like the people around him, including his parents, whom he describes as "dead from the neck up". He spends his wages at weekends on drinking and having a good time. Arthur is having an affair with Brenda, the wife of an older co-worker. He also begins a relationship with Doreen, a single woman closer to his age. When Brenda gets pregnant, Arthur asks his Aunt Ada for advice on aborting the child . None of Ada\'s advice works and Brenda decides that she will keep the child and suffer the consequences. Later, Brenda\'s husband discovers the affair and his brother  and a fellow soldier give Arthur a beating. After recovering, Arthur returns to work but knows he can never see Brenda  again. The film ends with Arthur and Doreen discussing marriage and the prospect of a new home together.'] ['Jo is a 17-year old schoolgirl, with a domineering, forty-year-old alcoholic mother, Helen. After sustaining a fall after school, Jo meets a black sailor called Jimmy who invites her on to his ship to attend to her grazed knee. They soon start a brief relationship, after which Jimmy returns to his ship and departs. Relations between Jo and her mother become strained when her mother meets and marries a new man, Peter Smith. Feeling rejected by her mother, Jo starts a job in a shoe shop and rents a flat on her own. She meets a gay textile design student, Geoffrey Ingham, and invites him to move in with her. When Jo discovers she is pregnant by Jimmy, Geoff is supportive of her, even offering to marry her, saying at one point, "You need somebody to love you while you\'re looking for somebody to love." Helen re-appears on the scene after the failure of her relationship with Peter, who turns out to have been a selfish lout. She moves in with Jo, which causes tensions between Helen and Geoff. Geoff decides he can no longer stay at the flat and moves out, leaving Helen to care for Jo and her impending baby. Symbolic of Helen\'s disdain of Geoffrey is her return, near the end of the film, of the bassinet he gave to Jo.'] ['18-year-old Joy starts her catalogue of bad choices by running away from home with Tom. She marries and has a son, Johnny. Tom, a thief, mentally and physically abuses Joy and ends up in prison, leaving her on her own with their son. She takes a job as a barmaid, and later picks up extra money as a prostitute. Her life spirals downhill until her son goes missing and she realises what is most important to her. :Tagline: A love story about a girl, the man she is living for, and the man she is living with.'] ["Polly Dean  gives up a privileged life in Chelsea and moves to a working-class community in Battersea where she takes a job in a confectionery factory in an attempt to distance herself from her moneyed upbringing and make her own living. She becomes friends with two working-class sisters and forms a relationship with a working-class boy who envies her access to an easy life and is frustrated by her denial of it. When Polly's friend becomes pregnant she decides to have an illegal abortion. Tragedy hits when a motorcycle accident kills one of the friends."] ['In 1960s Dublin, Kate Brady, a young rural girl, takes a room with her friend, Baba Brennan. She becomes involved with a much older man, a writer named Eugene Gaillard, who eyes her and ignores her more worldly roommate.'] ['Georgina  is a 22-year-old Londoner who has considerable musical talent, is well educated, and has an engaging if shameless manner. On the other hand, she believes herself to be plain, dresses haphazardly, and is incredibly naïve on the subjects of love and flirtation; she has never had a boyfriend. She has an inventive imagination and loves children. Her parents are the live-in employees of successful businessman James Leamington . Leamington is 49 and has a loveless, childless marriage with Ellen . He has watched with affection as "Georgy" grew up, and has treated her as if he were her second father.  As Georgy has become a young woman, however, it is apparent that Leamington\'s feelings for her have become more than fatherly. James offers Georgy a legal contract, proposing to supply her with the luxuries of life in return for her becoming his mistress. He also promises to provide for any "fruit of the union". Georgy sidesteps his proposal by never giving him a direct response; Leamington\'s business-like language and manner  leave her cold. Georgy\'s flatmate is her so-called best friend, the beautiful Meredith , who works as a violinist in an orchestra, but is otherwise a shallow woman who lives for her own hedonistic pleasures. She treats the meekly compliant Georgy like an unpaid servant. When Meredith discovers that she is pregnant by her boyfriend Jos Jones , they get married. She did not bother to tell him she had had two abortions before during their relationship. Jos moves in with the two young women. He becomes disillusioned with Meredith and begins to find himself attracted to Georgy . Jos and Georgy begin a secret affair, after Jos admits to seeing Meredith as their lodger and loving Georgy. Meredith gives birth to a daughter, whom they name Sara. Since she has no interest in the baby, and is tired of Jos, she announces that she plans to put the child up for adoption and divorce her husband. Georgy and Jos set up home together in the flat, caring for the baby and living as a married couple. It soon becomes clear that Georgy cares more for the baby than having an adult relationship with Jos, though he had already confessed to being pleased he had a daughter, believing boys need more from their fathers. The relationship ends when Jos realises he is of no real importance to Georgy and has tired of a father\'s responsibilities. Now that Georgy is the sole caregiver of a baby to whom she has no blood ties, Social Services wish to remove baby Sara from her care. In the meantime, Leamington\'s wife has died.  Leamington, who was unable to express his true feelings while his wife lived, now finds himself free to express his love for Georgy and proposes marriage. Georgy accepts because this will allow her to keep Sara. The two marry despite the difference in their backgrounds and ages. Exultant, joyful singing  proclaims that all is well now: "who needs a perfect lover when you\'re a mother at heart...better try to tell yourself that you\'ve got your way...now you\'ve got a future planned for you...at least he\'s a millionaire...you\'re rich, Georgy Girl." In the car as they leave the wedding, neither bride nor groom says a word. Georgy does not look at or pay attention to her new husband, focusing only on Sara.'] ['{{Plot}} The black-and-white film opens with a close-up on Jimmy Porter performing on trumpet in a crowded, smoky jazz club . Having finished to a round of applause, he goes over to his friend Cliff, sitting at a front row table, but his friend waves him off in dumb-show, being more intent on winning the affections of a woman. . Scenes of Jimmy walking home through the depressing streets of a Midlands industrial town  serve to give the film its overall visual context. Arriving home at their attic flat, he surreptitiously goes through his sleeping wife\'s handbag before getting into bed with her. It is not until seven minutes into the film that the first lines of dialogue are spoken. The next morning, with a train rattling past the open window, Jimmy wakes up and walks into Cliff\'s room. He complains that Alison is writing secret letters to her mother &mdash; conspiring against him, as he sees it. The next scene is set on Sunday morning and is a shortened version of Act I of the play, with Alison at the ironing board and Jimmy and Cliff reading the newspapers. Much of Jimmy\'s tirade against Alison is cut; but his derision of her family is still very evident. Jimmy and Cliff start the \'where\'s nobody?\' Music Hall sketch from Act III of the play, but Alison doesn\'t play along and the scene ends in horseplay, with Alison getting a burn as the ironing board is overturned. Cliff and Alison play a tender scene as he puts soap on her burned arm, establishing that their relationship is affectionate, but not sexual. The scene ends on Alison\'s line "I\'m frightened". On Monday morning, we see Jimmy and Cliff setting up their sweet\'Candy\', for the benefit of the American reader stall in the market place. The character of a vindictive market inspector, Hurst, played by Donald Pleasence, is introduced. Alison, meanwhile, visits her doctor. She tells him her own carelessness caused the burn. The doctor asks whether her husband knows that she is pregnant. She asks if it is "too late to do anything about it", and the doctor replies "I didn\'t hear that question" . Back at the market, Ma Tanner turns up, in town to take care of her dead husband\'s grave. Almost a caricature of a cheerful working-class elderly woman, it\'s obvious that Jimmy has lots of affection and admiration for her. She was once his landlady, and lent him the capital to start the sweet-stall business. They go into a pub for a drink, and Alison comes in. Jimmy does not fail to notice Alison recoiling from Ma Tanner\'s affectionate hug; the gulf in social class between the two women is enormous and, in the context of the time, it\'s very plausible that Alison would react that way. Alison is trying to tell Jimmy about her pregnancy but cannot get his attention. Instead she tells Cliff . A brief scene by Ma Tanner\'s husband\'s grave continues the theme of Jimmy and Ma Tanner\'s affection for each other. She asks him what he wants in life and he replies "Everything. Nothing". Back at the flat, Alison is taking a phone call from her friend Helena, an actress who\'s in town for an audition and looking for somewhere to crash. Alison invites her to take over Cliff\'s room, and warns Cliff that Jimmy really hates Helena and all she stands for. The conflict to come is made very obvious. Jimmy returns, apologises for the burn, and plays one of the only two loving scenes between him and Alison. They play out a game pretending to be stuffed-toy bears and squirrels, and seem to be on the point of behaving like a normal married couple, when in walks Helena. Jimmy immediately attacks her verbally, but she shrugs it off as though it\'s just an act. In several scenes at the flat and back at the jazz club, the expository dialogue from Act II of the play is played out. Alison describes Jimmy as a knight in shining armour, and Helena says "You\'ve got to fight him". Over an afternoon meal, Jimmy\'s most cruel and vituperative attacks on both women take place. At the market, a sub-plot is introduced that was never even referred to in the play. A new stall-owner, an Indian immigrant called Kapoor  sets up a stall selling cut-price clothing. Kapoor is victimised by everyone except Jimmy and Cliff and, in a later scene, the market inspector Hurst revokes his licence. Kapoor is literally forced out of business by the prejudice of \'respectable\' English people &mdash; a not improbable plot device in a portrayal of 1950s England. Alison goes to a theatre where Helena is rehearsing a particularly nauseating play. Jimmy and Cliff crash in and disrupt the rehearsal, taking over the stage and improvising their silly music-hall act. At another Sunday tea-table scene, Alison announces that she\'s going to church with Helena, and Jimmy\'s scorn and anger reach a new peak. When Jimmy leaves to take a phone call, Helena says "I\'m going to call your father and get him to take you home". Alison agrees that she will go. Coming downstairs on the way to church, the women run into Jimmy. The phone call brought the news that Ma Tanner is in hospital after a stroke, and not expected to live. Jimmy says that of course he will go to her, and begs Alison to go with him. Instead, she marches out with Helena. A brief scene follows of Jimmy with Ma Tanner on her deathbed, in the public ward of a hospital. Back at the attic, we see Alison\'s father, Colonel Redfern, who has come to collect her to take her back to her family home. The Colonel is quite a sympathetic character, albeit totally out of touch with the modern world . "You\'re hurt because everything\'s changed," Alison tells him, "and Jimmy\'s hurt because everything\'s stayed the same." Helena arrives to say goodbye, intending to leave very soon herself but obliged to stay another day by the run of her play. Alison leaves, giving Cliff a note for Jimmy. Cliff in turn hands it to Helena and leaves himself, saying "I hope he stuffs it up your nostrils". Almost immediately, Jimmy bursts in. His contempt at finding a "goodbye" note makes him turn on Helena again, warning her to keep out of his way until she leaves. He now learns for the first time that Alison is expecting a baby, and although he proclaims that he doesn\'t care it\'s clear that he\'s taken aback. However, his tirade continues. Helena slaps him, and he collapses on the bed almost in tears, and as the scene ends, Jimmy and Helena are kissing passionately and falling on the bed . Two external scenes follow before we get to the Act III material. First, a scene of Jimmy in the graveyard at Ma Tanner\'s burial, searching in vain for any token of sympathy from Alison. Then a scene in Helena\'s dressing room at the theatre, as Jimmy complains of Alison\'s callousness and protests the unjust ways of the world in general. Now comes the scene that repeats the opening scene of the play &mdash; a dismal Sunday morning but this time it\'s Helena at the ironing board. Months have passed. Jimmy is notably more pleasant to Helena than he was to Alison in Act 1. She actually laughs at his jokes, and the men get into another music hall comedy routine. This time the horseplay reveals a half-written letter from Helena to Alison, referring to an ongoing correspondence between them. Helena tears it up. A scene is inserted in the garden of the Redfern family home. Alison is very pregnant, and some remarks indicate that the pregnancy may be precarious. Alison\'s mother passes by and has one line of dialogue.The role was played by Phyllis Neilson-Terry, a very accomplished stage actress. IMDB tells us that she was paid ₤200 for two days on the set At the market, Cliff announces that he\'s decided to strike out on his own. Jimmy is visibly disappointed but doesn\'t try to stop him, only later advising him to "try washing your socks". Jimmy and Helena go to the railway station to see Cliff off &mdash; an interesting period scene complete with an authentic steam locomotive of the era. Jimmy reveals his affection for Cliff and tells him he is worth "ten Helenas" to him. When Jimmy and Helena go into the station bar for a drink, they discover Alison sitting disconsolately there. Jimmy snaps over his shoulder "Friend of yours to see you" and abruptly leaves. The remaining scenes, originally set in the claustrophobic attic flat, are played out at the train station amidst atmospheric steam, smoke, and condensation from the actors\' breath in the cold. Helena realises that what she\'s done is immoral and she in turn decides to leave. The screenplay ends with a major surprise—a highly sentimental reconciliation between Jimmy and Alison. They revive the old game of bears and squirrels, and we are left to assume that they live, if not happily, at least in a state of truce in the class warfare, ever after.'] ['The film opens with Colin Smith  running, alone, along a bleak country road somewhere in rural England. In a brief voiceover, Colin tells us that running is the way his family has always coped with the world\'s troubles, but that in the end, the runner is always alone and cut off from spectators, left to deal with life on his own. Next, we see Colin in handcuffs with a group of other similarly encumbered young men. They are being taken to Ruxton Towers, what we might today term a detention centre for juvenile offenders, a reform school. It is overseen by "the Governor", who believes that the hard work and discipline imposed on his charges will ultimately make them useful members of society. Colin, sullen and rebellious, immediately catches his eye as a test of his beliefs. An important part of the Governor\'s rehabilitation programme is athletics, and he soon notices that Colin is a talented runner, able to easily outrun Ruxton\'s reigning long distance runner. As the Governor was once a runner himself, he is especially keen on Colin\'s abilities because for the first time, his charges have been invited to compete in a five-mile cross country run against a nearby public school, Ranley, and its privileged students from upper-class families. The Governor sees the invitation as an important way to demonstrate the success of his rehabilitation programme. As the Governor takes Colin under his wing, offering him outdoor gardening work and eventually the freedom of practice runs outside Ruxton\'s barbed wire fences, we learn in a series of flashbacks how Colin came to be incarcerated. We see his difficult, economically strained family life in a lower-class workers\' complex in industrial Nottingham. Without a job, Colin indulges in petty crime in the company of his best friend, Mike . Meanwhile, at home, his father\'s long years of toil in a local factory have resulted in a terminal illness for which his father refuses treatment. Colin is angered by the callousness of his mother , who he knows already has a "fancy man", and who Colin finds has neglected to give his father a herbal concoction for pain and, as Colin believes, brings about his father\'s death. Colin rebels by refusing a job offered to him at his father\'s factory and watches with disdain as his mother spends the five hundred pounds in insurance money the company pays her on clothes, a television and new furniture. When his mother\'s lover moves into the house and after an argument when his mother tells him to leave, Colin and Mike take to the streets. Colin uses his portion of the insurance money to treat Mike and two girls they meet to an outing in Skegness, where Colin falls in love with his date, Audrey , and confesses to her that she is the first woman he\'s ever slept with. She eventually extracts a half-hearted promise from Colin that he might look for work, implying his feelings for her are such that marriage is a possibility. But one night, while prowling the streets of Nottingham with Mike, the two spot an open window at the back of a building. It\'s a bakery, with nothing much to steal but the cashbox, which contains about seventy pounds. Mike is all for another outing to Skegness with the girls, but Colin is more cautious and hides the money in a drainpipe outside his prefab house. Soon, the police come calling, accusing Colin of the robbery. He tells the surly detective  he has no knowledge of the crime. The detective produces a search warrant on a subsequent visit, but can find nothing. Finally, frustrated and angry, he returns to say he\'ll be watching Colin. As the two stand at Colin\'s front door in the rain, the torrent of water pouring down the drainpipe dislodges the money, which washes out around Colin\'s feet. This backstory is interspersed in flashbacks with Colin\'s present-time experiences at Ruxton Towers, where he must contend with the jealousy of his fellow inmates over the favouritism shown to him by the Governor, especially when the Governor decides not to discipline Colin, as he does the others, over a dining-hall riot because of Ruxton\'s poor food. Colin also witnesses the kind of treatment given to his fellows who are not so fortunate - beatings, bread-and-water diets, demeaning work in the machine shop or the kitchen. Finally, the day of the five-mile race against Ranley arrives, and Colin quickly sizes up who the school\'s best runner is  and who he must beat. With a proud Governor looking on, the starting gun is fired. Colin soon overtakes Ranley\'s star runner and has a comfortable lead with a sure win; but a series of jarring images run through his mind, jumpcut flashes of his life at home and his mother\'s neglect, his father\'s dead body, stern lectures from detectives, police, the Governor, the hopelessness of any future life with Audrey. Just yards from the finish line, he stops running and remains in place, despite the calls, howls, protests from the Ruxton Towers crowd, and especially the Governor. In close-up, we see Colin look directly at the Governor as a rebellious sneer plays on his face. The expression remains there as the Ranley runner passes him and crosses the finish line to victory. The Governor\'s anger is evident. At the end of the film, Colin is back in the machine shop, punished and now ignored by the Governor. But he seems calm, even content, because in the end, he has refused to submit to authority and has settled into the loneliness of the title.'] ['Working class cockney teenagers Dot  and biker Reggie  get married. Their marriage soon turns sour. During an unsuccessful honeymoon at a holiday camp Reggie becomes alienated from the brassy and self-absorbed Dot. Afterwards, they begin to live increasingly separate lives as Reggie becomes more involved with his biker friends, especially the eccentric Pete . Reggie also loses interest in having sex with Dot. When Reggie\'s grandfather dies, Dot merely complains that his support for his bereaved grandmother  has stopped them visiting the cinema. Her boorish behaviour at the funeral and her refusal to move in with Reggie\'s grandmother leads to a major argument. She leaves and Reggie stays with his gran, who will not leave her own house. He brings in Pete, who has been forced to leave his lodgings, to stay as a lodger with her. The two share a bed at her house. Meanwhile Dot shows an interest in Brian , another biker. The following day Pete and Reggie drive to the seaside. Reggie wants them to chat up a couple of girls, but Pete shows no interest. Reggie intends to return to Dot. Dot herself has already hatched a plan to get him back by pretending to be pregnant. Dot is sitting with Brian when she tells Reggie of her "pregnancy". Believing he can\'t be the father, Reggie accuses Brian and the two fight. Reggie knocks out Brian. Dot visits Reggie\'s gran\'s house and learns that he is sharing a bed with Pete. She taunts them, calling them "queers". Reggie is disturbed by this, and asks Pete to deny that he is homosexual, but Pete avoids answering. The bikers organise a race from London to Edinburgh and back in which Reggie, Pete and Brian all take part. Dot rides with Brian. When Brian\'s bike breaks down, Reggie carries Dot on his. Dot admits she is not pregnant. The two start to rekindle their relationship. When they get back, Pete manages to separate Reggie from Dot, taking him to the pub. They come back to their room drunk. When Pete passes out, Reggie sits up thinking. The following morning he decides to return to Dot. Pete gets upset, and says he can\'t understand why Reggie would want to return to Dot, since they get on so much better. He says they should go to America together. Reggie says that he needs a woman. He returns to Dot, but discovers her in bed with Brian. In despair, he meets up with Pete and says he wishes to leave for America as soon as possible. Pete says he can get them passage working on a ship. While Pete is arranging things, he leaves Reggie in a pub, which turns out to be a gay bar. Reggie realises that the clientele are gay when one starts chatting him up. When Pete walks in they all recognise him and Reggie suddenly understands that Pete too is gay. He leaves.'] ["A 27 year old French woman, Jane Fosset , arrives alone at a rundown boarding house in Notting Hill, London, moving into an L-shaped room. Beautiful but withdrawn, she encounters the residents of her house, each a social outsider in his or her own way. Jane is pregnant and has no desire to marry the father. On her first visit to a doctor, she wants to find out if she really is pregnant and consider her options. The doctor's facile assumption that she must want either marriage or an abortion insults her to the extent that Jane determines to have the child. She and Toby  start a romance, which is disrupted when he learns that she is pregnant by a previous suitor. They try to work things out, but he is also unhappy with his lack of income and success as a writer. Jane befriends the other residents and they help her when she goes into labour. Toby visits her in the hospital and gives her a copy of his new book, called The L-Shaped Room. After leaving the hospital, Jane journeys home to her parents in France, saying goodbye to the room where she had lived for seven months."] ["Victor 'Vic' Brown  is a draftsman in a Manchester factory who sleeps with a typist called Ingrid Rothwell  who also works there. She falls for him but he is less enamoured of her. He then learns she is pregnant so he proposes marriage and the couple move in with her domineering mother Mrs Rothwell , who looks down on Vic. Ingrid has a miscarriage, Vic has regrets and comes home drunk. The couple then consider the possibility of making do with a 'kind of loving'."] 