['"It is not a language that flows out of you", an immigrant writer says of Hebrew, which he first learned when he moved to Israel. "It\'s more like shoveling gravel out of your mouth." Hebrew might be Israel\'s national language, but the nation has always had a large number of immigrants who arrive speaking their own native tongues. According to Misafa Lesafa, these Israeli immigrants face a conflict between the reflexive language of their childhood and the new language that surrounds them, and no one feels this conflict more sharply than the artists whose passions rely on words. Misafa Lesafa explores the inner workings of writers’ mind to reveal how each one handles their craft differently, and responds differently to the common linguistic conflict they face: How do you find your voice when two languages pull you in different directions? One Russian poet says he felt that being bilingual would threaten his writing because instead of using one language perfectly, he would rely on two watered-down, imperfect languages. He speaks violently when explaining how he had to force Russian out of his mind once he learned Hebrew. Although Russian words were eventually lost, he grew to realize that his poems borrowed their musical rhythm from Pushkin and Lermontov—the great Russian writers who had first impressed him. Many of the poets share this intensity when they speak about language. One woman describes her relationship to her first language in terms of a primal, infantile love. Like a little girl crawling into her mother’s lap, she says, she sinks into her native tongue when she is emotionally strained. And when she hears it spoken, it feels like drinking motherly milk.'] ["The film begins in 1967 with extremely exotic and unusual scenes of a mast , followed by a scene of Baba washing the feet of lepers, and then an interview of Meher Baba by van Gasteren. The film ends with a much older van Gasteren returning to India three decades later in a reunion with Eruch Jessawala who originally interpreted Baba's gestures. Meher Baba has long died as the now more mature men exchange words and photos. Also in the final scenes, Louis van Gasteren dons a red turban that Meher Baba had given him during their meeting in 1967 and which he had not worn for 30 years."] ['{{Plot}} Forbidden Lie$ tells the story of Norma Khouri, author of the book Forbidden Love, purportedly the true story of "Dalia", a young Muslim woman in Jordan murdered by her family in an honor killing because of her affair with a Christian soldier. The documentary first depicts Khouri as a woman bravely exposing a brutal and true story. Eventually, her account is challenged, first by Jordanians, then by Malcolm Knox, an Australian journalist. Ironically, Khouri\'s first critics are Jordanian women: feminists who, when interviewed, take issue with her western perspectives of Muslim women as victims with no control over their lives. Khouri\'s descriptions of geography and certain locales in Jordan are wrong. Her statements of restrictions requiring women to wear the hijab and having male escorts when they travel outside the home clash with urban scenes of women walking unescorted and uncovered. Nobody living on the street where Dalia was said to reside remembers such a crime ever happening. Dalia\'s father could not have remained out on bail pending his prosecution because murderers in Jordan are not given bail, nor are they tried in Shariah court. While parts of the Palestine hospital where Khouri says Dalia\'s body had been taken are found to match writeups in the book, others are inaccurate, including her description of the morgue. As the film progresses, it begins to reveal other inconsistencies in Khouri\'s biography, as well as allegations against her unrelated to Forbidden Love, including the theft of hundreds of thousands of dollars in bonds from an elderly woman neighbor in Chicago. Khouri is also found to have lied about her real name, having children and about living in the United States for much of her life, including during the periods of time covered in the book when she claimed to be in Jordan. Stubbornly maintaining her writing to be factual , Khouri journeys with the filmmakers to Jordan to prove Dalia and her murder were real. With Khouri unwilling to disclose specific information about Dalia on camera, the documentary\'s director lets her do so off camera. When Khouri\'s allegations fail to find support in official Jordanian records, she counters with the charge they were altered to protect innocent people from reprisal. Then, after initially saying Dalia was slain in Amman, Khouri is forced to "reveal" that it actually was in Irbid. Khouri also changes when the murder occurred, shifting the events from the 1990s to 2001. This timing proves to be critical because that would mean the killing of Dalia took place after Khouri had already written most of her manuscript. Once Khouri returns from Jordan, not having found any concrete evidence to back up her claims, the focus of the documentary shifts to the allegations against Khouri, especially the ones involving fraud. Khouri shifts blame for stealing from the neighbor to her Greek mother in law and her husband, John Toliopoulos, even as he constantly champions for her throughout the film.  Khouri also claims to have been sexually molested as a child by her father. The film draws to a close with Khouri having admitted no wrongdoing and still living apart from her husband. Closing titles indicate that the FBI continues to investigate allegations against Khouri, and she hopes to become a human rights attorney. The tone of the documentary is largely a skeptical one. Certain events are reenacted while the respective parties weigh their truthfulness, with the event being altered on screen to reflect the differences between Khouri\'s own words and reality.'] ['The Charles Bukowski Tapes are an altogether more than four hours long collection of 52 short-interviews with the American cult author Charles Bukowski, sorted by topic and each between one and ten minutes long. Director Barbet Schroeder ([[Barfly  interviews Bukowski about such themes as alcohol, violence, and women, and Bukowski answers willingly, losing himself in sometimes minute-long monologues. Amongst other things, Bukowski leads the small camera team through his parents’ house and his former neighbourhood, but the largest part of the interviews takes place in Bukowski’s flat or backyard. The documentary includes a scene in which Bukowski reacts violently toward his wife Linda Lee.'] ["The Panero is an illustrious traditional family from Astorga with literary links extending for generations. The patriarch, Leopoldo Panero, was the best regarded poet in Spain during his time. He died suddenly of a heart condition in 1962. Twelve years later, his widow, the still beautiful and elegant Felicidad Blanc, in the company of two of her sons Juan Luis and Michi, is shown in a outdoor homage to the late poet. Felicidad Blanc, with a calm and cultured voice, tells about the memories of her youth during the Spanish civil war and her courtship with the famous poet. A medical's doctor daughter from Madrid's upper middle class, she became upon her marriage a traditional Spanish wife completed overshadow by her dominating famous husband. She dedicated her life to her husband, their three sons and the family home in Astorga. The death of her husband brought the family's economical decline and she was forced to sell family properties while raising her sons alone. The three brothers, all cultured and well spoken had literary ambitions. The two eldest Juan Luis and Leopoldo Maria became distinguished poets in their own right. Juan Luis and his younger brother Michi discuss the family's troubles, but as a rivalry exist between Juan Luis and Leopoldo Maria they do not share screen time. Juan Luis, ironic and scathing, talks about his travels, his friends in literary circles including Jorge Luis Borges, reserving his resentment for his family. His relationship with his father was distant. Michi, the youngest sibling, began many careers without finishing any. He seems unable to find his place in life. Ultimately was the middle brother, Leopoldo Maria, who achieved literary recognition as a poet following in the footsteps of his father. His success only cemented the rivalry with his resentful older brother. However Leopoldo Maria is also the most troubled of the three brothers. The siblings, like their father and many relatives, have problems with alcoholism to which Leopoldo Maria added drug addiction, periods in jail for his leftist activities, any many stays in psychiatric clinics. He is featured in the documentary as talkative young man brooding because of his early convalescence and psychotic episodes. However, he displays a clear insight and black humor about his destructive own life and his dysfunctional family. Leopoldo reserves his resentment towards his mother who interned him in a mad house after a failed suicide attempt. Felicidad Blanc recounts multiple visits to her troubled son in jail, her efforts and failures raising her sons among the economic family decline. With a more romantic view of the past, but admitting her failures, Felicidad defends herself from the attacks of her two youngest sons."] ["The film opens by following a moody goth named Reese, who befriends three other outcasts like him: Zack a rich nerd, Ashley who is Zack's sister and Phoebe a flower child. They go to a forest and find a glowing rock, and they discover that they gain powers from just stepping into its presence. Then they use these powers to intimidate and humiliate people who have made fun of them over the years. *Zack gains telepathy. *Phoebe gains telekinesis or Psychokinesis. *Ashley gains speech induced psychic suggestion. *Reese gains the ability to heal or hurt others/himself using his mind. However the power goes to Ashley's head and she begins to take over the school using her mind control. She attacks her brother Zack and tries to kill Phoebe and Reese. They force her to heal Zack, but then she forces Phoebe to levitate off the building, then drop. Reese takes his hearing away from himself when Ashley tries to control him, and breaks the piece of the rock she had around her neck. He heals Phoebe, but when they return to destroy the glowing rock, it has disappeared. Ashley ends up in a mental institute, but at the very end, a former teacher of hers brings her more of the glowing rock, the movie ends with her eyes turning blue, indicating that her powers have come back."] ['A reporter named Kathy Lane comes to Theodor Geisel\'s home in order to do a report on the famous Dr. Seuss, where she meets a strange character. When Kathy asks to use him as a source, he reveals himself to be the Cat in the Hat. Curiosity allows her to open a magical book labeled "Open a book, open your imagination", which pulls her into the world of Dr. Seuss. The Cat in the Hat character shows Kathy a door which leads to a beach. On the beach, they read The Sneetches. Kathy then falls into a kitchen where she meets Mr. Hunch from Hunches in Bunches. They eat lunch and read McElligot\'s Pool. Kathy then ends up in a jungle where she notices Horton the Elephant. She then reads Horton Hatches the Egg. The Cat in the Hat appears again. Soon, Kathy wanders into a room which is explained to be "The World of Advertising". The Ad Man and the Ad Woman explain to Kathy about Dr. Seuss in the advertising business. The room soon rocks and Kathy is transported to Mulberry Street where she meets Marco. She helps Marco come up with a story to tell his father when he gets home from walking from school. The story changes as Kathy and Marco add exciting things to it. The story starts out as a horse pulling a cart. But it soon turns into a tale with an elephant, the mayor, planes with confetti, a Rajah, a band playing music and other things completely random. Soon, Marco keeps the story as a horse pulling a cart. He then leaves. Sgt. Mulvaney then appears and brings Kathy to a revolving door that is shown to represent the way people rejected Dr. Seuss\' first book for publishing. The Sargent then goes through the door and disappears. Kathy goes through the door and ends up in a hall with the Cat in the Hat. The Cat explains to Kathy about some of Dr. Seuss\' dark political cartoons. An alarm goes off and he disappears. Kathy soon walks into a room and meets The Voice of America. The Voice of America then shows Kathy the documentary, Hitler Lives, which was made by Theodor Geisel and his wife. A live action version of the story Yertle the Turtle is then shown in a gospel like song. Kathy meets back up with the Cat in the Hat, who tells her the story of The Cat in the Hat. The story is acted out by a father reading the story to his two little girls. After the story, Kathy ends up in the story of Green Eggs and Ham where she is chased by Sam I Am who tries to get her to taste the aforementioned dish. After that, Kathy ends up in the mountains where The Grinch had lived. A lady reads her the story of How the Grinch Stole Christmas. Next, Kathy shows up at the Street of the lifted Lorax where she put in a payment  written on paper in a bucket after which The Once-Ler hoisted up the bucket with all those things, collected them, brought down a speaker and told the story of The Lorax. After planting a new Truffula Tree, marching music sounded, indicating a butter battle which represents The Butter Battle Book. The finale segment of the film saw Kathy & The Cat in the Hat visit the library where they sing Oh, the Places You\'ll Go!, later they were transported back to Dr. Seuss\' house where Kathy\'s adventure ended.'] ['The film includes profiles of twenty-two notable and influential talents in the comics field, such as Charles Burns, Art Spiegelman, Françoise Mouly, Frank Miller, Stan Lee, Will Eisner, Robert Crumb, Harvey Pekar and William M. Gaines. In interviews, the creators discuss their contributions and history, and read passages from their works over filmograph animations. Montages of comics through the decades, archival scenes of politically important moments, and a live-action Zippy the Pinhead are featured.'] 